F8 is Facebook's developer conference, not their platform. Their platform, surprisingly enough, is called Facebook Platform. Check out http://www.pequrl.com It's by a friend of mine and not super pretty, but it works! I'm down for a San Francisco meetup Anyone from SF driving down and interested in carpooling? Interesting idea...just for reference, I ran it on a recent blog post of mine: http://www.ryanwaggoner.com/2008/08/how-simple-is-too-simple... (sorry for the spam :-) Overall, I would say that it was most useful when it was pointing out things like passive voice or cliches, and less useful when telling me to replace relatively simple words or phrases with even simpler ones. Some of the words were things like: "feedback", "solicit", "desire", etc. We could certainly replace these with "opinion", "ask for", and "want", but some of the meaning and nuance is lost, especially given the context. I may not be the most eloquent writer, but I'm not writing for a group of 4th-graders. The "dumbing down" of language leads to dumbing down of thought in the long run. That has to be really frustrating as a developer, to know that you could probably prevail in court if you could afford to defend yourself, but since you can't (and they know you can't), the mere threat of a lawsuit is enough to make you fold. Any sympathetic attorneys out there who might want to help the guy out with a bit of advice at least? Sweet...see everyone there! Whew...I was readying my signs to join the Googlers on the picket lines to show solidarity through this difficult time. "But I don't want to be a pro writer of trash novels that are read and discarded on the beaches of the world," he retorted. Given the choice, I'd much rather write the kinds of articles you see in Scientific American or the Economist. By writing for the masses, you must write for the lowest common denominator. No thanks. Give that guy a Klondike bar. Seriously, can someone please give this guy some pro bono legal advice? It would be a shame to lose this just because he didn't know for sure that all he needs to do is change the name. The author is naive if he thinks that this initiative is going to wipe out all the for-profit ventures in this arena. I enjoyed counting up the logical fallacies and incidences of circular reasoning throughout the post, though. That completely sucks. I can't believe that some company thinks they're entitled to what a developer built in his spare time, using no company resources (assuming that's the case, of course). Fuck being owned by some piece of shit corporate machine. I feel like I read somewhere that these types of agreements are usually not enforceable in California, but Freewebs looks like they're headquartered in Maryland (though SGN is in CA), so it might depend on where he was working when this occurred. Regardless, it sounds like bullshit. Hope he fights and wins. You do what you did: you quit. You will never get rich working for someone else. You may make a few million over the course of years, but without ownership, you'll never build true wealth. Chalk it up to learning, start your own thing, don't look back. Or come and work for me ;-) It comes down to petty greed. But it's even worse than greed. It's unbridled greed with no integrity whatsoever. Why build something solid that adds value when you can steal it from someone else who toiled and risked to do so? starting a business with friends and hiring friends are two different things. Looks awesome...great job! "However, they are also potentially gaining a sale from a user who would have not normally purchased their music, but downloaded and decided to buy." The analogy breaks down because music and other forms of media are just pure information, so there is no reason to buy it if you already downloaded it, especially as the friction of obtaining an illegal copy is reduced to zero. I'd like to see some evidence or indication that this is deliberate on any level. Isn't this what Gnip is doing, except that Gnip's solution is readily available to anyone who wants it? In fact, I believe Gnip uses XMPP to push notifications to data consumers, which seems even more efficient. Am I missing something? whoa! that was...unexpected. Whoa...those are some pretty nifty ideas. Sign up for a preview of BlueSwarm.com ;-) Got it. So this is designed to be the piece that allows publishers to easily integrate with intermediate services like Gnip, or with aggregation services like FF, SocialThing, etc. Buying a physical copy of a book is a little different, as it does offer some additional benefit (in terms of portability, different medium, whatever). However, let's say that your argument is that some people will like the author and "buy" a copy of the music they already have, even though that copy offers zero additional benefit to the consumer. That's a donation, not a purchase. I wish more clients realized this and were comfortable with such an arrangement. It does require a great deal of trust in your developer, though. Ugh...I hate Forbes.com with all their ads and janky crap. here's a slightly more bearable version: http://www.forbes.com/2008/08/27/microsoft-google-browsers-c... Create something you care about and have fun doing it...you never know where it will go. And don't worry too much about having the "right" background. The great thing about the web, and technology in general, is that it enables people without the right background or pedigree to turn the world upside down. Just go do it. I agree with several of the author's points, but I'm not sure the case is made clearly enough that this would be an advantage. Perhaps some examples of the architecture would help. Also, I'm not sure that #2 is a benefit of such a system over any other offline client. And if you want offline access to web-based apps, products like Google Gears seems to be the way to go, rather than yet another client app. The one about thinking that they needed to move really fast reminds me of one of my favorite quotes, recounted in "The Dip" by Seth Godin: "We knew that Google was going to get better every single day as we worked on it, and we knew that sooner or later, everyone was going to try it. So our feeling was that the later you tried it, the better it was for us because we'd made a better impression with better technology. So we were never in a big hurry to get you to use it today. Tomorrow would be better." ~Sergey Brin (cofounder Google) That's a crazy mentality to have, and stands in such stark contrast to most of the frantic behavior of startups today. Take your time and build a great product. definitely some downsides to this service: -inserts ads -your users must signup via the zeep mobile panel -all messages are sent and received from the zeep shortcode that being said, there are no volume restrictions, and free is a powerful motivator, especially for side projects or hobby apps. Oh, it's not going to stop us, or even slow us down. If anything, having responsibilities like a wife and kids has focused our energies on what's really important to us. I was just curious as to how YC might view things like this. Awesome...exactly the kind of stuff I was looking for. Thanks! Hmmm...not sure that anyone would characterize founding a web startup as "safe" ;-) Hmmm...I understand what you're saying, but you seem to be presenting a false dichotomy where the only two options are starting a web company or a restaurant. For the vast majority of people with kids, the "safe" option is getting a good job that pays well and offers good benefits. It's also a bit disingenuous to say that if your web business fails, you lose nothing. Perhaps that's true for a single guy who is starting a company with some friends, but for the average married founder w/kids, there is a significant investment that will need to made in the form of time spent on their startup, as well as mental and psychological energy. Not to mention any cash investment, and the lost income that could have been earned with the time spent on the startup. If you fail, there is a cost. A little defiant, eh? I like it. When is it ever worth not applying? I'm sure that certain things hurt your chances in YC's eyes, but hopefully they don't have such blinders on that all of those things are immediate deal-killers. I feel that the exercise of filling out the application is useful in itself, and if they pass, no loss. I disagree with the premise that anger towards VCs isn't warranted. The author paints a picture of the VC as an innocent victim of changing times: "VC doesn’t have a greater share of bad actors than the ecommerce or gaming sectors. Large-scale, software VC is simply a formerly great business in decline, and there are a lot of good, smart people who haven’t made in VC yet who are worried about their (and their families’) economic futures. It’s not evil — it’s their job and they may not feel they can switch." Those poor VCs who have no other career options available to them, and must therefore resort to squeezing every last drop of blood from entrepreneurs who don't know any better. I absolutely believe that there are some fantastic VCs out there, but anger against the industry is only natural when you've been screwed over like some of these companies have. Well, that's a personal decision, obviously, but your post didn't say anything about you not applying because you didn't want to be away from your family, just that you didn't think YC would accept you because you have a family. Agreed...I walked away twice from a fledgling startup that wasn't willing to offer me fair terms. The first time, they offered equity that was barely in the single digit range ;-) Neither of the other two founders are technical people, and they can't afford to hire someone, so I found this pretty laughable. They came back with a much higher percentage, but they wouldn't agree to me getting the same vesting arrangement that they were getting / would get in a future round. So far, they've not really gone anywhere since I walked. another reason for companies to not store your data forever. Would freebase work for what you need? Judging from a lot of the management I've observed, even augment is probably a bit optimistic. I can see several issues with this approach: 1. The article paints a picture of a world where "management" basically becomes a role of data-entry and adjusting some parameters and constraints until the system tells you what to do. It seems unlikely that managers are going to support such a system. 2. The system can only do so much to take the human factor into account. The author of the article compares this system to efforts by IBM over the last few decades to apply similar research efforts to supply chain management. But people aren't widgets in a global supply chain operation, and are unlikely to appreciate being reduced to an interchangeable commodity deployed by an algorithm. 3. The system is not allowed to use personnel files, including performance appraisals, in the analysis. It would seem like this would be one of the richest sources of actual data in the system. I still think the approach has some value and is definitely interesting, but I'm not sure that it will have the impact that they seem to expect. Where's the space elevator? I think that's true to a certain extent, but I also tend to subscribe to Ray Kurzweil's theory that futurists overestimate the pace of change in the short-term and underestimate the pace of change in the long-term. The reason for this is that the pace of change is not constant, but is increasing exponentially, as new technologies enable more rapid iterations of development and market adoption of even newer technologies, and so on. However, this exponential trend is difficult to grasp from our perspective today, so futurists tend to extrapolate out the current pace of change into the future (along with a healthy dose of optimism), when in reality, change is accelerating. Create something awesome that people want and need, whether it's a product, content, or a service. I'm not saying that "if you build it, they will come", but the vast majority of the blogs, companies, and personal brands out there vying for attention are copycats, peddling the same tired content, commentary, and poorly-executed ideas. Another sweet site in this same vein is http://mobaganda.com This guy's analysis is basically this: they won't be able to do it. Also, his assertation that a touchscreen doesn't add much value to a web browser is nonsense. I love browsing on my iPhone, because it's intuitive and easy to navigate. But browsing on my blackberry was annoying as hell. Scrolling through all the links on the page to get to the one you want is a horrible user experience. I'd say that $250 - $300 is a more realistic price range for this thing that they're building, but let's see what they can pull off. A keyboard for this kind of device would be stupid. If that's what you're after, just get an Eee. And browsing the web without a touchscreen or some kind of pointing device would be a horrible experience. They've got the concept nailed for the most part...now the challenging is building it for that price. Let me sum this article up for you: C++ sucks...blah blah blah...Java sucks too...blah blah...every OOP language sucks...blah blah...philosophy crap...blah blah blah. No solutions, just bitching about how everything sucks, wrapped in enough pseudo-intellectual bullshit to drown a mule. Agreed, though they shouldn't be allowed to label that access as "unlimited". Also agree with the poster below who bemoans the monopolistic nature of broadband. Many markets have only one or two viable options for broadband internet access. Question: are you guys offsetting Google's server usage as well? And if not, why wouldn't I just use Google? Seems like it's better to avoid using extra energy in the first place, rather than using and subsequently offsetting it. Side note: damn Alex, you've got quite the academic resume ;-) Actually, a tiny proportion of people run 64-bit Linux. It's easy to claim that society is going down the wrong path, especially if you define that path somewhat nebulously (not enough innovation!) and don't give any concrete examples. Just what kinds of innovation are people looking for that they're not getting? And further, what innovations from decades ago are we still relying on today and not innovating through? In so many areas, from medicine to biotech to clean energy to nanotechnology to space exploration to the web, we are seeing new waves of progress and research. Is our pace as fast as it could be? Probably not. But let's call it what it is, instead of predicting gloom and doom. Well, I'm no Scoble, but my opinion is that your site looks great. Best of luck at DEMO! Step 1: done Step 2: in progress Step 3: never ending :-) Actually, the author says this in the first paragraph: "...nor do they obviate the need to address mundane matters such as war, poverty, disease, climate change, and helping Democrats win elections. " So I'd say that it was a fair statement by the commenter above. As Guy stated, for most companies, going the YC route qualifies as plan B more than plan A. Two guys living in their parents basement and giving up 6% for 15 - 20k so they can scrape by for six months is a far cry from giving up 30 - 40% for $1-2m so you can hire five people and burn through that money in less than a year building a product for all the users you're sure you're going to get. I tried to read this, but the text was too dense for me to concentrate on from this noisy coffee shop. Oh well. This strikes me as really inappropriate for HN, almost to the point of being offensive. Judging by the poster's comments, he/she clearly believes that the founders on HN are "contributing" to the problems the world is facing by pursuing their dreams and starting companies. I would argue that just the opposite is true, for three reasons: 1. People with large amounts of disposable income have the opportunity to have a huge impact in developing nations. Many charitable foundations and global health & poverty efforts were started by people who made their wealth in a tech startup. Look at the efforts of the Gates Foundation, for example. 2. Some startups have actually targeted problems that "really matter" and are trying to do their part to have a positive impact on the world. The first example that comes to my mind is CO2Stats. 3. Technological innovation actually creates wealth in the world, and as someone else pointed out, we are seeing many countries emerge from extreme poverty, largely due to the influences of technology over the last fifty years. People like many of those found here on HN have driven those technologies and I'm proud to hang out on a forum with so many people who are hungry for their chance to change the world for the better. Regardless, the poster has obviously made a blanket judgment that none of us are aware or care. The truth is that many of us are aware and care deeply, but this is Hacker News, not Starving Children News. Welcome to contextual relevance. I sometimes wonder how prevalent selection bias is in articles like this and the demographics they feature. If you're a magazine writer in NYC writing an article like this, how do you find people who buy under the influence? Stop people on the street? Go to a crowded bar and chat people up? It seems likely that a decent percentage of your interviews are with friends and friends of friends. It also seems likely that many of those people would be in similar careers. Best line from the article: "a non-detail-oriented securities analyst summarized the article (apparently without reading it first) and uploaded the summary to Bloomberg." Should read: "a lazy and now-unemployed securities analyst..." Have I missed anything? Yeah, you've missed everything. It's a nice idea to try and give an employee what he's looking for from a startup within your corporate environment, but it's just not possible. Corporate employees exist to build wealth for someone else. That's just the reality of the situation. There are a lot of benefits that come with corporate life, primarily stability, but if he wants freedom, he won't get it working for someone else. When I was an employee, I had to remind myself that every benefit and incentive was an addicting trap, designed to keep me from leaving. A steady paycheck will erode an entrepreneur's soul over time, because you come to rely on it and striking out on your own is that much harder. To be clear, I think it's commendable that you're trying to provide a great environment for your employees, but I think the best case scenario here is that you'll work hard to keep him, and you might succeed, but something inside him will die a little and he'll always wonder if he made the right choice. Why not just let him go give it a shot? I think it'll cost you more in the long run to fight it than it would to just get a new employee. And I know we don't want to get sidetracked on this, but entrepreneurs do not "quit their boss". They absolutely do quit their jobs because they long for the freedom and rush of creating something on their own, no matter how awesome their boss is. If you disagree, perhaps that indicates more about the difference between a corporate and entrepreneurial mindset than anything else. Not to brag or reveal my political leanings, but I had my SSIDs set to RonPaul2008 and VoteRonPaul last fall :-) That presumes that every person in the organization signs up. Actual adoption is likely to be far lower. My favorite part of this criticism was how the author implied that this would fail because corporations don't want their business data in the cloud (a viable concern), but then turned around and suggested that companies should make great software that people want, like 37 signals has done. Ironic. Well done. Reminds me of a quote by Thomas Jefferson...something about the tree of liberty :-) Very few good ideas are dependent on getting a certain domain name. Good talk overall, though the format is a kind of annoying on the web. The one comment I would make is regarding his book suggestions: "Rich Dad, Poor Dad" is not a total waste of time, but very close, unless you're completely oblivious to the idea of wealth. Here's the only useful piece of info from it: buy cash-producing assets like real estate or businesses, not flashy cars or glitzy vacations. A better book is "How to Get Rich" by Felix Dennis. You didn't even provide direct links to the "evidence" you were presenting. Links to Google search results pages to back up your statement? Really? http://www.google.com/search?q=denial http://www.google.com/search?q=anti+science 1.5) ensure the coffee shop has no security cameras Congrats on such an amazing accomplishment. I have triathlon on my list of goals for the next couple years, with the eventual goal of doing the Ironman. Definitely looking forward to getting to that level. Whoa! I'm eating that now...that kind of freaks me out. Throw some salsa in the beans and eat it over brown rice. Healthy and tasty. Then you haven't followed very closely. I'm addicted to this site. But would it stay competitive for very long? Just want to respectfully request everyone to calm just a tad...I'm well aware of how bad a metric "lines of code" is, but I was still curious :-) Oh the whole, I would agree with some of his premises, but if his conclusion is actually that houses will lose 90% of their value, he hasn't been right, and he won't be. We definitely saw some crazy over-inflated housing prices, and we're now seeing a correction in many markets, but we're not going to see $400k houses dropping to $40k nationwide. Not even close. According to the reversion to the mean theory, we'll likely see prices drop below the long-term trendline and then climb back up to it. But dropping to 10% of their peak? Perhaps in one or two markets, but even then, I seriously doubt it. Not if you're an entrepreneur. "Tom was very fortunate that he had something else to walk away to...I only wish everyone had as difficult-yet-easy choice as Tom did." Don't most people have the same choice, provided that they want it? From reading the account, it didn't sound like Tom had any special advantages other than being willing to take the risk and go for it. HN is packed with ppl who have taken the plunge into the unknown to start something without having any idea how it would turn out. To characterize their difficult decision as being the result of some special advantage that they had seems like an excuse for why some weren't willing to take the same risks. Interesting article, but is there some reason this is posted in its entirety here instead of linked to? Rackspace is on a spending spree :-) It sounds like what Fred is saying is suspiciously close to the maxim "You have a spend money to make money", which is often quoted by people as they spend money on useless things that will in no way help them make money. As a real estate investor, I can tell you that cash is kingliest when it's sitting in your bank account. It makes expansion much easier, because people are most willing to loan money to people who don't need it. I kind of expect it's the same in the startup world...if you're sitting on a large pile of cash with a low burn rate and high profitability, you can probably raise cash a lot easier than a startup that's down to their last nickel with a huge burn rate and no profitability in sight, yes? I can't believe I fell for that for a split second :) I think the difference is that this guy is taking paying passengers down and some in the industry seem to think that they're not being made fully aware of the risks. I'm pretty sure you just hang around a weird crowd... pages through Facebook to see if anyone's status is building submarine or hobby rocket Yeah, just a weird crowd :-) "I've also heard it explained like this: Assume everyone wants to work (or talk about technical stuff) 95% of the time, and flirt 5% of the time. Assuming your company (or LUG) has a 1:10 female:male ratio, and furthermore postulate that all participants are hetrosexual. The women who do show up will be irritated, not because they don't want to flirt, but because they want to do other things as well." Though humorous, this seems a surprisingly cogent explanation. You can be profitable and still need to raise money to expand more rapidly. Great, more doom and gloom. Hopefully my competitors read this :-) Doing consulting and freelance work but leaving that all behind next month to pursue my startup full-time. Crazy times ahead ;-) This took you five hours? Seriously? That's actually a pretty interesting idea for a website. It held my attention for longer than I thought it would. I voted on probably 10 of the random races. Absolutely...didn't you? Just kidding ;-) Haha...sorry, I just couldn't resist :) I could be wrong, but I think this letter illustrates why why many of us are attracted to startups. This kind of esprit de corps, this sleeping under your desk and working around the clock doing everything you can to move the ball forward, this single-minded insanity that focuses 100% of your effort and will on building something amazing and changing the world forever. Is it probably just naive and idealistic and ridiculous? Yeah, it probably is. But I think at the end of the day, many of us just want to be that committed to something. After reading your comment, I immediately headed over to Wikipedia to refresh my memory on the Monty Hall problem. The results of my search are a good illustration of why I love the internet: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_hall_problem The article is nearly 6000 words and includes diagrams, detailed mathematical explanations, a very detailed synopsis of the history of the problem, and links to like 50 sources. All for a probability puzzle. Unbelievable. But would 5% of their users? I could see that. You eat elephants one bite at a time. Startups usually have to pick an area to start with, whether it's a demographic, a feature set, or a geographic area. Don't take it personally. From the wording, it sounds like the "requirement" will only extend to high school and college students, not citizens of all ages. I agree that this sounds onerous, but I suspect that the requirement will only extend to students at government-funded institutions. I seriously doubt that a requirement for all private citizens to give their time would stand up under judicial scrutiny. The rest of this article is just baseless conjecture about what will and will not qualify as community service. I think he's saying that the HTML-parsing approach only works when the HTML is well-formed and for most sites, it isn't. Reminds me of the caverns level from the old N64 Goldeneye game. Excellent post. Too often, product guys and business guys don't really understand each other or the value that each bring to the table. I've lost count of the number of times that I've watched business entrepreneurs try and hire a code monkey to build their vision for a tiny fraction of the equity, knowing that they'll probably fail because they place too little emphasis on the product and technical vision, especially in the early days. Similarly, I've seen a lot of disdain for business entrepreneurs from the hacker side of the tech community, probably partly due to backlash from the "code monkey" mentality described above, but also due to a fundamental misunderstanding of the value of marketing and sales. Both sides are important, but which is more relevant is determined by the phase you're in. Interesting article, but the author's selective memory and faulty logic continually undermines the point he's trying to make. My favorite was this gem: "Past U.S. generations invented the airplane; invented the automobile; discovered penicillin; and built the Interstate highway system. The Baby Boom generation has invented credit default swaps; mortgage backed securities; the fast food drive thru window; discovered the cure for erectile dysfunction; and built bridges to nowhere. No wonder we’re in so much trouble. This completely ignores developments like the personal computer revolution, the Internet, modern telecommunications, satellite technology, space exploration, advances in biotechnology, dramatic reductions in global poverty, etc, etc. I'm sure I'm forgetting some, but you get the idea. The author would have done well to acknowledge that the reality of the situation is more nuanced than the picture he attempts to paint. Math. j/k :-) I'm speaking of reductions in extreme global poverty: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poverty#Measuring_poverty I would guess that fb's market share is close to google's and youtube, or at least will be soon based on current growth patterns. I may be wrong. He may be right but I would have liked to see a deeper understanding of price elasticity of demand, as well as some data to back up some of his claims. Interesting how you roped Obama into the discussion, despite it being completely irrelevant. And it's true that millions of people are starving every year, dying of preventable diseases, etc. But those things correlate strongly with extreme poverty, and the number of people in extreme poverty has dropped dramatically over the last 25 years and continues to drop. Interesting. I wonder if the key question will come down to how he came across the information. From what I understand, it can only be considered insider trading if it's based on non-public information. Perhaps Mark based his decision on something public that just hadn't really hit most people's radar yet? Or perhaps he's 100% guilty and got caught red-handed. Not necessarily...perhaps someone else failed to keep the information confidential, in which case it would seem that Cuban would be legally free to sell, correct? Once the news breaks, it's no longer non-public information, right? It's also possible that he's innocent. Not much of a response... "There is nothing of worth on Facebook. Nothing." I could not disagree more. Facebook is rapidly replacing email, phone, and other channels as the method that many people use to keep up with friends and family. My parents and literally hundreds of their friends have started using it over the last six months and now use it aggressively. These people are definitely not early adopters or anything...most of them are conservative midwesterners in their 40s and 50s, and most of them are very active on a daily basis, using everything from status updates to photo uploads. Facebook hasn't figured out how to monetize their userbase yet, but the social utility value is enormous. I understand what you're saying, but anytime you have hundreds of millions of people using a service, there are lots of ways that you can add value without undermining the primary utility; in many cases you can actually enhance it. You'd be surprised how many people you know after 50 years of life...you'd also be surprised how many of them are on Facebook. Granted, a lot of those people aren't close friends or family members. Many of them are people that my parents knew decades ago and have lost touch with. I actually think that one of the most valuable things about Facebook (and twitter) is that it allows you to more effortlessly keep in touch with more people than 1-to-1 communication methods like email, phone, IM, etc. They make an exception for Ron Paul fanatics, oddly enough. Several things: 1. You can opt-out, unless I'm misreading this: http://books.google.com/googlebooks/publisher_library.html#o... 2. How is this any different than web search? Google indexes the contents of websites and displays a snippet of relevant content based on what you search. What makes book search different from a legal perspective? 3. I highly doubt that Google would have continued to pursue this course of action if it was as open-and-shut as the attorney you quoted seemed to think. I don't understand why this is any different than web search, which has repeatedly won in court. Can someone explain it to me? You don't need to worry too much...unless they manage to get it under 254 pounds and qualify it as an ultralight, the FAA will still be the last word on the requirements to fly it. This airplane looks like it will be awesome. However, as someone who has grown up around aviation and is always looking at what's available and the new companies that are launching, this seems like another vaporware project. A big warning sign to me is the amount of press and publicity they're going after, but almost all their promotional images are CG mockups. If they're planning on mass-producing this thing in 2010, they should have flying models right now. Not saying it'll never happen, but don't be surprised if the price point and delivery date both change. I hope I'm wrong. Not sure I'd agree. I would say that it's a huge benefit to have worked for a large company, but don't stay more than a year, two at the most. You don't really appreciate the hell of a corporate environment until you've worked in one for a bit. No offense, but I'm inclined to be skeptical about a comment on a social news site by some random person who is (ostensibly) reposting a comment from another social news site by another random person that purports to be explaining research of a complicated biological process, all without citing any references or linking to any sources. According to this, Weebly (YC startup) has over 1 million users and "well over 1%" of those are paying users. That might mean 1.1% or it might mean 5%...but apparently they've got at least 10k paying users. Not sure how much their paid plans are... http://venturebeat.com/2008/11/03/weebly-scores-1-million-us... "Believing is irrational. Given enough time, charisma and persuasion anyone can be made to believe anything." Because some beliefs are irrational and the result of charisma and persuasion, the act of believing itself is irrational? Really? I find it ironic that you immediately follow that statement with a persuasive argument that you seem to believe. The fact that it's obvious but not easy does not necessarily mean that it's not worth reiterating periodically. Quite the opposite. Another good example of something that's obvious and hard to do is "Make something people want" :-) Sport pilots and Light sport planes still fall under FAA rules and still require fairly extensive flight training and certification. I think we're just arguing semantics here. believe: to have confidence in the truth, the existence, or the reliability of something, although without absolute proof that one is right in doing so. Your "acceptance" of "the facts" is "believing" by the definition above, pure and simple. Two things: 1. As someone else already stated, it doesn't sound like you have any concrete plans or alternatives, so dropping out might not be the best option. When I was an undergrad, I was fascinated by the tales of so many extremely wealthy people who had dropped out of college and gotten rich through tech startups (Gates, Dell, Zuckerberg, etc, etc). I wondered if there was some link between dropping out of school and success in technology. However, I was confusing correlation with causation, as these people weren't rich because they dropped out...they dropped out because they had started something that was growing so fiercely that it took up all their time. If you don't have that something that pretty much forces you to drop out, don't do it. If you feel like you're torn and you're not sure what to do, don't quit school. 2. I mean no offense at all here, but it sounds like your communication skills in English could be improved. This may not seem like a huge deal, but learning to express yourself well through the written and spoken word will serve you well the rest of your life. Others might disagree with me on this, and perhaps there are better ways to improve that area, but college seems like it would be a good environment to do so, though I have no firsthand experience in the matter. Good luck no matter what you decide. Couldn't disagree more. Here's my .02: 1. I don't think the existence of reputation causes a great deal of anxiety in our society. In fact, until the advent of the Internet, this was largely how society functioned: you were known for what you had accomplished or failed to accomplish, for your associations, for your character or lack thereof. This is still largely the way things are, and I don't think most people think about it very much at all. 2. Drawing a corollary between anxiety over damage to your reputation due to poor performance at a previous job and anxiety because too many people down-voted you on Hacker News and now your karma score is distributed is...well...ridiculous. Hacker News isn't real life, and that little number by your username means pretty much nothing. 3. The proposed idea would not stop people from creating new accounts, fake accounts, etc. In no way would this inhibit anonymity, which seems to be what you're suggesting. 4. I doubt if most people would resist the idea that if they build a reputation in one community, it would be transferable to another community. People are lazy, and generally do not resist anything that makes life easier or more convenient for them. Incidentally, I strongly doubt that any of the top 10 reasons why OpenID hasn't taken off are what you stated; people will give up just about anything for convenience sake. OpenID hasn't taken off because most people just don't care enough to try and understand it. Again, just my .02 :-) Bad news for Spanning Sync. or that the 2000 correction and this one should be viewed as one correction? Whoosh! Title makes it sound like this is an official announcement from Apple, but this is just another copy-paste hack, albeit a clever one. Failing any of those, just relentlessly promote your product ;-) I kid, I kid... Who cares? People with enormous wealth who typically live frugally buy (or charter) private jets to preserve something far more valuable than money: their time. Buffett has a private jet as well, btw. No. There's nothing inherently special about programmers or the current crop of small software and web businesses that makes them any better at business than founders and startups in other industries except that they're still small. To scale a business still requires people with talents in marketing, sales, accounting, etc, etc. Small businesses in almost every industry are almost always started by people with technical expertise in that industry. Whether the small business succeeds may be due to technical prowess to a degree, but whether it scales is largely due to the business savvy of the leadership, not their technical prowess. In the same way, to the extent that small web businesses turn into large web businesses, it's due more to the leadership and business skills of the founders and management than how good they are at writing code. Two pieces of unsolicited advice: 1. You make your own choices, and there's always tradeoffs. It sounds like you've decided that a busy internship and a high load class schedule are more important to you than working on a startup. Own that decision...you'll own the consequences. If you don't feel it's the right path, change it. 2. Be careful about telling yourself someday...it can easily turn into never. Not saying there's not better times for some things than others, but lean towards taking messy plunges rather than waiting for the stars to align. $5m invested invested fairly conservatively can throw off 8%, or $400k / year. I'm sorry, but if you can't live on $33k / month, even in the Bay Area, you've got problems. A couple of those people in the article have homes worth over $1m that they own free and clear while they work 70 hours a week to make ends meet. Not smart. Mortgage the house to 70-80% (rates are dirt cheap right now) and invest the cash at the aforementioned 8%, which adds $100k / year to your bottom line, plus the tax benefits. We require more vespene gas! This is perhaps the most poorly-thought out post on economics I've read in a long time. Adams is essentially arguing for a completely unrealistic set of draconian regulations to manage every aspect of society, from capital investment to personal health. An example: "Stock bubbles could be avoided by restricting how much money can be invested in stocks, on an annual basis, to keep the price earnings ratios around 15." Err...what? Who decided 15 was the ideal? What about those companies that clearly don't deserve that multiple based on their growth prospects, or companies that clearly deserve more? Why bother with a market at all? He asserts that it's not socialism, but I'm having a hard time seeing how it wouldn't be worse. I completely understand what you're saying, and I hope to always pursue my passions and the things that I care about, but I agree with the sentiment of the person you're responding to. The people in the article do not sound like they're happy and building things because they love to or because they want to make a difference. They all sound stressed and miserable because they're continually comparing their standard of living to the next guy, who is a little bit higher. Perhaps it's just the tone of the article, but they all sounded out of touch and ungrateful. It seems that for many programmers, Python-only is just another limitation in that list. Sure you can learn Python, just like there are ways to work around a lot of the other issues, but I would think that all of these limitations add up to discourage programmers from building small apps as an experiment. Learning Python just to use GAE seems dumb when you can just use EC2. I fear this is a problem we have to either solve or live with. Aren't they all? :-) I would love it if someone qualified could explain this article a bit more; specifically, they're NOT talking about faster-than-light information transfer, correct? If you're not a hacker and you'd like to contribute your skills, you might want to checkout http://taprootfoundation.org/ Also, I found it a bit lame that feedaneed.org requires you to sign up for a reddit account. Just me, though. I generally recommend PHP newbies start with a framework and I generally recommend they start with CakePHP over CodeIgniter, because CI is much more flexible and therefore forgiving of bad practices which can turn into bad habits. CakePHP is more strict, which probably teaches better design patterns early on. In your case, though, you sound like an experienced programmer in other languages, so you should be fine starting with a simple CRUD app and then progressing to frameworks; any of the popular ones will do fine. Not everything can be effectively outsourced. Dupe: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=338286 "No one will need more than one digit for a browser version number...ever." ~Many hapless web developers In fact, if you were to ask a handful of the most successful people in this world what their secret was they would unanimously say, in one form or another, that they learned to play the system (read: fake it). Unverified. Why should I believe that random-guy-from-Internet has any credibility or perspective on what the world's most successful people would reveal as their "secret to success"? A little surprised at the negativity in the comments. Most student films suck ass, too, but they're an important accomplishment nonetheless. Come to think of it, the majority of work that hackers churn out is shoddy and a reinvention of the wheel, but it's part of the process that sometimes produces something awesome. Even if this movie sucks, it's still an important accomplishment because they actually created something in a way that no one has before (to my knowledge). Congrats to everyone who worked on this. http://flixpulse.com/ Can you explain how you'd use Gnip in this instance? From reading the API docs, it doesn't sound like you can do anything with Gnip + Twitter other than get tweets from / to a particular Twitter user. So you can't get keyword-filtered results from the public timeline, I don't think. Am I missing it? This headline really threw me, as it sounds like some kind of sexual predator was using social media tools to research victims or something. Or am I the only one who read it like that? The reality is that a company called "College Prowler" was using Facebook for guerrilla marketing. Whew! SOX hasn't killed the IPO, it's just made the hurdle higher and that's ok. IPOs are about consistent revenue generation - most of the firms of Web 1.0 didn't have it and didn't deserve to IPO. Wrong, wrong, and wrong. 1. SOX has killed the IPO; IPOs have plummeted since SOX, due to the ridiculously draconian laws that make compliance expensive and time-consuming. Startups and small companies just can't afford the costs, closing one of the two viable exits for founders and investors. 2. "Raising the bar" for IPOs makes it sound like we're just going to get higher quality. The reality is that most companies can't afford to IPO, and even if they can, they're now hampered by greater costs and the distractions of compliance. If the bar needs to be raised, let the market raise it. 3. IPOs are not about consistent revenue generation: they're about raising capital. There's absolutely no reason why a growth business like Facebook that is not profitable shouldn't be able to IPO. If the market likes their odds of succeeding in the long run, their IPO will be a success. If not, it won't. In your model, someone apparently gets to decide who "deserves" to IPO. This kind of thing has never worked and almost always has the opposite effect of that desired. Also, how is this subterfuge? The argument is that Washington is killing Silicon Valley's innovation machine through higher taxes and regulation. What did you think the article was about from the title? Reminds me of Zeno's paradox about Achilles and the tortoise: Achilles is in a footrace with the tortoise. Achilles allows the tortoise a head start of 100 feet. If we suppose that each racer starts running at some constant speed (one very fast and one very slow), then after some finite time, Achilles will have run 100 feet, bringing him to the tortoise's starting point. During this time, the tortoise has run a much shorter distance, for example 10 feet. It will then take Achilles some further time to run that distance, in which time the tortoise will have advanced farther; and then more time still to reach this third point, while the tortoise moves ahead. Thus, whenever Achilles reaches somewhere the tortoise has been, he still has farther to go. Therefore, because there are an infinite number of points Achilles must reach where the tortoise has already been--he can never overtake the tortoise. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeno%27s_paradoxes source? 1. As mentioned, there's no way to tell what this is or what it does. Very confusing. 2. Why should I register? 3. The login link doesn't work from the register page. 4. It let me register without providing a valid email address or either of the passwords. I registered with email address 'asdfasdf' and left the password blank. Interestingly, I was able to login using this :-) 5. There's no error messages on the registration form when the validation does work. 6. On the profile form, if I leave a required field blank and then submit the form, it erases any of the values I did provide. Hard to provide more without knowing what you're going for... Someone asked a similar question awhile back: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375417 Some of the better comments: Some startups and annual revenue numbers (unsourced): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375896 Someone who modeled 37signals revenue: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375771 Nextproof and bigfolio.com http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=375575 Hope that helps! No offense to the folks working on this, but this article makes it sound really dumb. Shine a 1.5 watt laser across the room at a receiver to charge your cell phone? Really? What's the advantage? Is the market for this thing solely folks who like to keep their cell phone sitting on the side of the room that doesn't have any outlets? ;-) The competitors like Powercast and Powermat sound a lot more interesting. Can someone please provide me with the imagination that I'm clearly missing? I'm not sure that you are... 240,000 members? Geez... Alternate title: Another article demonstrating that trolling works. There's always a cynic, huh? I think the point of this article is not that all bad ideas turn into good ideas or good companies, just that many good ideas and companies started out as bad ideas. So if you have an idea and you're not starting because you don't think it's good enough, that's a lousy excuse. What's your solution: continue with the Eeyore routine and never start anything because there are millions of failures out there? If you're an entrepreneur, why do you care who's hiring? ;-) A bunch of random thoughts: - good idea, seems like there would be a market for it - I think I get what you're trying to do with the login / obfuscation system, but it's non-standard and that makes it somewhat confusing for me at first glance. perhaps sell the benefits on the homepage? - sell me on why this beats email - I like how quickly you can jump in and check it out - why not auto-capitalize family name? - do you really need time zone? if so, perhaps you could default via geo ip? - the "keep my page" button is cut off in ffx 3 - the "sharethis" option doesn't really make sense if you're trying to obfuscate these URLs... - having the "post something" options as radio buttons seems kind of odd For free geo IP, this might work: http://geoip.dmwtechnologies.com/ I'm not a Ruby guy, so I may be completely off here, but it struck me as kind of inaccurate to describe Merb as "an alternative Rails stack"...I thought Merb was an alternative to the Rails stack? Off-topic, but your repeated use of the phrase "lottery winner" annoys me. Every self-made billionaire is a lottery winner in that none of them got where they are without luck. But none of them got there through luck alone. To characterize their success as pure luck indicates either ignorance or jealousy. Cute girl at party: "So what do you do?" Vlad: "I make stuff people might want to pay for that also helps me increase my technical aptitude, channel my creativity, practice self-control, develop a track record, learn by doing, and allow my users to be an important part of each iteration." long pause Cute girl: "Cool. Well, I'll see you around." I do the same thing, but one additional step that I like to do is have a few daily habits that I try and do every day (in my case Mon-Fri) that are "connected" to my longer-term goals and ambitions. For example, one of my long-term goals is to learn how to play piano, so I have a daily habit of practicing for 25 mins. Another of my daily habits is to review my goal plan, just to keep it fresh in my mind. Veterans of the Second World War and then the Korean War sought inexpensive homes of their own, far from the urban scrimmage that must have been, for some, a cramped extension of real combat. The author has clearly never seen real combat. "... told me to expect some alarms due to some software revisions they’re working on. This allowed me to see the warning icons, feel the mouthpiece vibration, and switch to open-circuit bailout. No issues here." No issues? Your life support system failed. You had to abort. Somehow this is a good thing with no issues? It sounded to me like the system didn't actually fail, just that the alarms were going off when they normally wouldn't have, due to issues with the software that are still being worked through. That being said, this did read somewhat like a press release for vaporware. The author wasn't even able to test the system at depth and in a dynamic environment, which is the main selling point. The reason that we're not isn't technical capability: it's a lack of demand. Why spend hundreds of billions or trillions of dollars to put 10,000 people in space? Because we can? Not good enough...space exploration and colonization will only really pick up when we must do it to survive and/or there's a serious financial incentive. Don't misunderstand me...I'm not saying that this is the way it should be, just that this is the way it is. There are two paths to space: governments and private sector. The government path doesn't seem to have made a huge dent in the colonization goal over the last fifty years. It's almost as if we've lost ground since the Apollo program ended. And the reality of the "golden age" of space exploration is that the funding of the program was driven more by the need to beat the USSR than it was by the vision of space exploration as a worthy goal for humanity. As for the private sector, the issue there is that huge profits could be made, but the risks are way too high and the timeline is way too long. The handful of companies that could afford it are already making huge profits here on earth in things they understand and their shareholders are apt to take a dim view of those companies risking billions of dollars with little hope of return within the next couple decades. Sadly, the best hope for space colonization is either a) breakthrough developments in a tangential technical field that enable cheap access to space (read: nanotech enables construction of space elevator) and/or b) we trash our planet to the point that our survival requires governments to commit everything they have to space colonization. But it's soulless business people with their eyes firmly on the bottom line rather than on trading off that heritage that have killed it off and condemned our city to what feels like a future of minimum wage jobs in nail distribution warehouses and mobile phone call centres. Oh boy, another rant about how "soulless" business people who worship the almighty dollar have killed off something beautiful and magical in the world because of their greed. Please. Most manufacturing in the western hemisphere has been offshored because they simply can't compete with overseas firms who have dramatically lower costs. It's for survival, not higher profits. I suspect that the demand for expensive and "uniquely British" pottery is no longer big enough to support those companies, forcing them to compete in a lower market. If the demand was there, someone would be starting a factory and hiring all those experts in your area to supply that demand. And if you think the demand is there, go raise some cash and do it yourself :-) With these sorts of stores you can easily bring your food expenses below $60 a month while maintaining a healthy diet. Is that a typo? $60/mo eating fruits and veggies? I live in SF and I have a hard time imagining doing that here, let along NYC... The main piece of advice of the article is finish it , it being whatever piece of software you're working on. I think "finishing" is generally bad advice, because the problem for many developers is that "finishing" implies perfection and makes completion seem insurmountable. The author discusses various possibilities for what "finishing" may mean to you, but I would simply tweak the wording a bit to be release it . Get it out to the people who you think will use it and see if (and how) they do. Then release again. Yeah, to be fair to the author, the explanation he gives is very close to "release it" but my point is more about which makes a better slogan. Slightly misleading...they're not going to be available to consumers until late 2010 at the earliest. The technology for monitoring homeworking will be a very big sector over the next five years, to root out the slackers. You may be right, but the mindset of needing monitoring technology to root out the slackers in your workforce seems symptomatic of a larger problem of lacking meaningful metrics for whether actual productivity has occurred. Can I take a minute to talk about this blog post? It ended abruptly and the last two paragraphs read like he had envisioned a longer post but ran out of steam and/or things to say. Good overall theme, though. John Soong, 18, says that after he had failed to get jobs at several chains that use the test, he began to poke around for an answer key, driven by "altruistic, and maybe vengeful," motives. Awesome. 2009 may bring some temporary respite, but the Internet startup culture is part of a larger pattern of technology startups in general, which for decades have tended to be started by young people, some of whom proceed to get far richer far faster than their age, experience, and attitude would indicate that they should. Yeah, none of the lazy people I know watch sports. I can't believe no one has referenced Skitch yet. If you haven't tried skitch out, you owe it to yourself to do so. Super easy to grab screenshots, resize / crop, add arrows and annotation, and post online. This is by the far the most awesome (and most bizarrely awesome) community I've been a part of on the web. Crazy how much more than hacking Hacker News is about. Damn, I love HN. What will your first thought be? This guy was a passenger on the ferry that was heading towards the plane to help, so what was he supposed to do, jump into the river and try to get there faster? Fashion a makeshift paddle and help propel the ferry? Seems like posting a picture of the plane to twitter is a reasonable response when you're standing around watching rescue crews do their job. Disagree. Are there instances in which journalists and tech are too intrusive into private matters? Absolutely. Is one of them taking a cell phone picture from the deck of a ferry while media helicopters swarm around the scene? No way. Please explain how this picture is insensitive to the family members. Are you seriously arguing that in the face of a tragedy, no information is preferable to those worried about their family members? The Mumbai attacks are an even better example: if I had a family member in Mumbai during the attacks, I'd want every single piece of info and data I could get my hands on, rather than having to wait forever for the "official" reports. Why don't we just outfit aircraft with a miniature Phalanx system that calculates the trajectory of an incoming bird and the probability of an engine strike and then fires up a Gatling gun to neutralize the threat :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phalanx_CIWS In all seriousness, I wonder if some kind of laser-based defense system could be used as a last resort. I wonder if anyone has looked at doing a cone-shaped grill that extends forward some distance beyond the front of the engine. It would look goofy as hell, but it would only have to be strong enough to survive a glancing impact, rather than a direct hit like a flat grill. Air resistance might be an issue though... You're killing us here :) unfortunately it wasn't a test, there was no if. I knew it would work. Ah, the classic claim that there was never any doubt of success. Always works best after the fact. A commodity can only compete on location and price, and location doesn't really get you much on the Internet. I used to think this until I started freelancing, but it's much easier to get quality jobs if you can meet with the client face-to-face at the start of the gig. If you program only in the most popular programming language, you have made yourself a commodity. The author seems to think that one PHP programmer is just as good as the next, but there's a whole litany of skills beyond just writing code in whatever language that make someone desirable to a client or employer, from communication to product design. Programmers are not cogs in a machine that you can replace easily as long as you find one that speaks the right language. This solution is interesting, but it fails on two counts: 1. You're making the process even more of a pain in the ass, not less, increasing the likelihood that real users will abandon the registration. 2. This doesn't protect at all from the human captcha-cracking farms. there is nothing interesting about PHP Obviously people in this community feel that there is something interesting there worth discussing. If you disagree, perhaps that implies that this community isn't a good fit for you. If my damn iPhone would just get flash already, I wouldn't have much need for something like this.