I think your employer would find you to be a rather poor employee in that #2 situation. I don't see how "a reason to distribute it" is necessary. What if I just choose a completely random integer with 2000 digits and host it? I don't have any reason to do so, and it's certainly not illegal. Then someone comes along and generates a program that's equivalent to that number, or some digital media rights developer happens to use that number as a key for encrypting some copyrighted media. Does my original act of hosting suddenly become illegal, because I had no good reason to host the number in the first place? Being a C wizard doesn't mean you know how to implement a balanced tree. It means that if you understand a concept, like a red-black tree for example, then you can efficiently implement it in C. It looks fine, but I think I'll always have trouble finding a coding font to replace Consolas. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consolas They address the idea of building a non-hierarchical system on top of a hierarchical one. They argue that doing so is bad because it adds a layer of indirection to your data, and they argue that it's unnecessary since their non-hierarchical system can in fact implement a POSIX-compatible layer easily (so they say). I keep things fairly well organized on my file server, but I've definitely encountered times where my folder hierarchy is insufficient. Wanting to get away from hierarchies isn't just for academics and the disorganized. Here's two examples: I naturally have a Movies directory and a TV directory. Under each I have two directories SD and HD. Sometimes I may want to simply browse all the HD video on my system. Where do music videos (i.e. live concerts) go? They're certainly Music, but it's fair to imagine wanting to see them listed when I'm browsing through Movies and not listed when I'm browsing my mp3's. Add in tutorial videos for music production software (I have a lot of these) and it's even more of a guessing game. Every computer system that uses tagging is a counterexample. We humans think in tagging as often as we think in hierarchies, but I agree that we tend to think of hierarchies as more well-defined and organized. This tendency can be incorrect. I think it boils down to this: for hierarchical data, use hierarchies. I believe that files on a modern personal computer will almost certainly not be hierarchical, so it's not ideal to store them hierarchically. Videos, for example, may be movies, tv shows, screencasts, music videos, etc. Videos may also be standard definition, 720p, 1080p, etc. It's difficult to say, for example, which attribute should be the root directory for your videos, since it's reasonable to want to browse by many different attributes. A hierarchy does not apply to videos, but attributes could easily be represented by tags. To pick on a small part of your comment: Do any theoretical computer scientists seriously worry that a proof that P=NP would threaten cryptography? It's not like a proof would suddenly make an i7 able to factor huge numbers in polynomial time. Also, while all polynomial-time algorithms are considered "tractable" in theoretical CS, that doesn't mean that they're all practical on current hardware (nor does it claim to mean that). I suppose a proof that P=NP would still technically threaten cryptography, because if you assume that computer hardware performance increases polynomially with time you must concede that any given crypto technique will become practical to break after some amount of time. Why? Different axioms are just different, and they can't be argued logically because logic only follows from the axioms. The only arguments you can make for axioms are how useful they are and, more importantly, how well you think they reflect reality as you understand it. If one of his axioms is that not every truth has objective empirical evidence to support it, how can you formulate an argument against that? All you can say is that you don't see the world as operating that way, but you certainly can't use logic or reason to argue that he's incorrect. How do you think that makes me feel, reading that at midnight alone in my one-bedroom apartment? It's unfortunate that simple public key encryption, which has been easily available for many years, is still seen as untenable and "super-paranoid." Any email client, or better yet Gmail, could easily implement it and make it virtually transparent to the user (when both ends of the email are using such a client, obviously). The "value of money" for an individual begins to diminish quickly once it surpasses the quantity required to comfortably survive. If you make $250,000 a year, it would be reasonable to take a 2x-4x pay cut for a more satisfying job. If you make $40,000 a year that's probably not the case. The advantage of LaTeX is that is will yield CVs which look better than those from a word processor or HTML. The same is probably true of InDesign; both tools presumably focus on typographical principles (I've never used InDesign). The programming community generally likes LaTeX because of its technical workings, the fact that it's open source, and its associations with computer science (TeX was created by Donald Knuth). For comparison, my résumé (made with LaTeX, content very out of date): http://dl.dropbox.com/u/712576/thomas_shaddox_resume_old.pdf > Those forks may be best for Curtis at his dinner. Yeah, I think that's the point, since he's the author. Or are we still writing middle school essays where we have to explicitly put "I think" in front of every subjective sentence? It depends whether "disarm everyone" is meant to include exceptions government law enforcement and legitimate hunters. If so, then I do think most people (in the USA, at least) subscribe to one of those schools of though. And when humans first landed on the Moon, think of all the other people (not to mention animals) that landed elsewhere that same day! But the sensationalist media only covered the Moon landing. It's a pervasive cultural meme. How many times have you heard people talk or joke about "getting caught" or "walking in on someone" viewing porn? Have you ever been working on a friend's computer and joked about accidentally stumbling onto something embarrassing? Have you seen any of a myriad of comedy films which feature porn-related mishaps involving embarrassment? And then of course there's religion: as far as I know, all the major world religions condemn pornography. The travel bans constitute inappropriate discrimination in my opinion, but they don't imply a misunderstanding of AIDS transmission. People can travel to a country and have sex there. Won't this just encourage both parties to choose arbitrarily wide ranges, which would cause the first filter to always pass? This would just get us back to where we started, where someone has to say a number first. > Let me ask you this: say you want to check for guns and explosives before people get on an airplane. How do you do it? Do you really think that's a hard question? You just literally look for guns and explosives, and if you don't find any, there aren't any. Using a definition that simple, most people in the world are deeply sexist. I do. I think you're looking at this the wrong way. I don't think anyone involved in this thing, from da Vinci, to the modern builders, to the performer, to the audience, thinks for one iota that the purpose or destiny of this machine is to replace or diminish string musicians to any extent. I see this as an exercise in technology and history, and a celebration of what was certainly an innovative idea in da Vinci's time. Really, it makes more sense to think of the viola organista as a synthesizer or a sampler, invented centuries before the modern electric and electronic incarnations. On the more practical side, before synthesizers and samplers, this would probably have been a ground-breaking tool for composers. To be able to play and hear rough arrangements of string pieces (again, not to replace string musicians, but rather to easily hear a much closer approximation than any contemporary keyboard instrument could produce) would no doubt have been amazing for composers in that period. I can only imagine how frustrated Mike Rowe was answering those questions. It's a shame he's too tactful to scream "Maybe if you stop blaming literally everything on the political party you weren't raised as, you could spend a minute focusing on real ideas for solving problems!" > I expect that a fair portion of "We can't find qualified people!" is actually "We can't find qualified people for what we're willing to pay." Sure, but isn't that implied, since all companies have financial constraints? If you can somehow pay 10 million dollars a year for a software engineer, I'm sure you'll have a lot less trouble finding a great engineer. You're making a use-mention error. If you proposed actually committing theft/fraud ("use") at a business meeting, I think most people would question your ethics. But if you merely say the the true fact that committing theft/fraud could be lucrative ("mention"), I don't think many people would question your ethics. Of course, that would be an irrelevant and unhelpful thing to randomly say at a business meeting, but that's another matter. I've heard that a good way to gauge a person's general technological literacy is to simply ask "what happens when I type a URL in a browser and hit Enter?" Obviously, the question is deliberately open-ended, and any step in the process can be broken down into more detailed steps (up to a point). I'd like to see an article that initially shows high-level steps (e.g. DNS request, HTTP request, server processing, HTTP response, parsing and rendering), but allows each step to be expanded progressively with increasing detail. There's a saying that goes something like "Measuring the progress of developing software by lines of code is like measuring the progress of manufacturing an airplane by kilograms of mass." There still is (at least to me) a difference between specific illegal activity involving housing laws and simply any illegal activity in the apartment. Can you get evicted for, say, lying on your taxes from your apartment? And one campaign was to deny a group the legal right to marry, while the other was to kill thousands of people. Neither is particularly wholesome, but I think there is a difference in scale. > "There is no meaning of life -- and that's a great thing: it means that there's meaning in life." I find statements like this meaningless regardless of how many deities exist. I liked this one: SECONDS_PER_23_5_HOURS = 84600 I recently went through the later chapters of The Little Schemer again. I still find it incredibly challenging and awesome. As many have said, this is a great book to teach you to think recursively. http://www.ccs.neu.edu/home/matthias/BTLS/ http://www.amazon.com/The-Little-Schemer-4th-Edition/dp/0262... Biking even four miles to work isn't feasible in a lot of weather. A common one, but undeniably useful: find a type of sock you like, buy a bunch of them, then throw out or donate your old ones. Then never sort those socks again. That's exactly what I use my iPad for. It's the perfect device for frivolous web browsing, YouTube watching, Twitter/Facebook, etc. I hope they're keeping detailed statistics, like how often each player wins a point on their own serve, which opponents are the best/worst against each player, etc. I feel like it stopped being "well played" when his roommate called him out and he just lied about it. At that point, there's nothing clever moving forward, other than the fact that he can apparently lie convincingly to a friend. Maybe that's just my "prank ethics" though. What I find interesting about science fiction is how difficult it is to predict technological progress consistently across different types of technology. For example, in The Moon is a Harsh Mistress (written in 1966, set in 2075), space travel and colonization is much more advanced than it is in 2014. Artificial intelligence is also far superior. But digital electronics and computer networking are much more primitive. A portable audio recorder has only an hour or two capacity, and it transmits data by playing the audio sped up through the telephone. PCs don't appear to exist, and computer monitors and terminals are rare. There doesn't appear to be cellular phones or an equivalent. And there's no Internet. An AI system reads books with a scanner and a robotic page-turner. Still, $850 is only a little over a year of my Internet bill. I enjoy Asimov's tongue-in-cheek version: > Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. This is a great article. It's extremely thorough, and touches upon most the difficulties I've encountered in my (limited) experience coding JS on the web, as well as several I hadn't even considered. My only complaint, if it can be considered a complaint, is that the author doesn't address the real-life costs of implementing all his principles. The main one is the complexity of the server- and client-side architecture required to implement these principles, even for a minimal application like TodoMVC [0]. I agree that user experience is extremely important, and perceived speed is fundamental, but I certainly don't think it's important enough to justify the cost of figuring out how to implement all these principles, especially for a startup or other small team of developers. Of course, the hope is that tooling will quickly progress to the point that these principles come essentially for free just by following the best practices of whatever libraries/frameworks/architectures you're using. There was probably a time where the basic principles of traditional static web apps (resourceful URLs, correct caching, etc.) also looked daunting for small teams, but that's quite manageable now with Rails/Django/etc. (and maybe earlier frameworks). [0] http://todomvc.com/ I've got a slightly subtler but similar story. I had a math teacher in high school who would curve her test scores to the lowest top score from any one class. In other words, if she taught three identical 10th grade Trig classes in a semester, for each test she would take the three top scores (one from each class), and curve the test to the lowest of those three scores. It's a reasonable enough idea, I suppose, since different classes will have different questions and thus spend slightly different amounts of time on various parts of the material. The trouble was that she would not give over 100% to the people who earned a higher score on the test than the curve. Her tests were not weighted, meaning that Test-A curved to 85 points was actually worth less than Test-B curved to 90 points. (Supposedly, the then-new district-wide computer grading system couldn't handle such arithmetic complexities.) At one point, I received a score above the curve. Let's say I got 90 of 100 points, and the curve was 85. Later, when I saw my grades, I asked why I was only given an 85/85 on that test. She explained that she didn't give "extra credit," and she wouldn't budge. She would say things like "you got 100% of the points, so there's no reason to complain." I asked, then, if I could at least be given a 90/90, and she very confidently explained to me that 100% of the points on the test is the same regardless of the total number of points. She would not entertain the notion that a 90/90 is better than an 85/85, much less that a 10th grader might be able to correct an arithmetic mistake of hers. I even presented the example of changing a 100/100 assignment to 1,000,000/1,000,000 and noting the affect on the total grade, but she would have none of it. As you can probably tell, I'm still bitter about that test. This was explicitly not the case in this class. A test curved to 85 points was worth less than another test curved to 90 points. And honestly, even if each test was normalized to 100 points after the curve, I would still object (on ethical grounds, not mathematical) to not being given >100% when the test is curved to below my score. I find it difficult to believe that you truly have no preference between being burglarized and not being burglarized. I wonder if they had to make such an apologetic statement as well. FYI, that's just a trail name. It's a common thing for hikers to choose (or be given) a silly trail name. It isn't a specific personality quirk. > Judge Forrest told Mr. Urlbricht that “what you did in connection with Silk Road was terribly destructive to our social fabric.” That's one of the most ridiculous claims I have seen in a while. This isn't just about the effects of addictive drugs. I think most people agree they can be devastating to people and families. The trouble is that you seem to be suggesting that US drug policy in any way helps people and families affected by addictive drugs. I can't look at the war on drugs and see any remotely feasible interpretation where it's helping people affected by addictive drugs. Don't confuse the desire to not see ads with a feeling of entitlement. I fully support a website operator's right to detect that I am blocking ads and hide the content, or to make unblockable ads. I don't feel entitled to their resources. But if they do show content I'm interested in, I'll consume it. It's not at all a feeling of entitlement. It's pretty good. I'd rather not have a JS snippet tracking me at all, regardless of which domain it's on. I find recursion extremely intuitive, if not necessary, for pretty much any data structure with a bunch of things ("nodes") pointing to other things. That includes, most notably, linked lists and trees. I can probably work up recursive pseudocode for tree traversals pretty easily, despite not having studied computer science or doing it at work for several years, yet I find an iterative solution somewhat elusive and unnatural. Trees don't always call themselves "trees." They can sneak up on you. Nested lists, for instance, are equivalent to trees, and nested lists show up all the time. Perhaps your programming languages has some sort of recursive map function builtin, but a lot of common languages don't, and it really helps to be able to intuitively think about recursive traversal. I also consider the Fibonacci sequence as one of the textbook examples of a recursive problem. Even the English description of the sequence ("each new number is the sum of the last two numbers") is plainly recursive. To explain the iterative solution in English is rather difficult. Sorry, I just can't buy into the dripping sarcasm of emphasizing that it's only a forum. Yeah, it's a forum. Forums are big software applications. It's not unreasonable to distribute the forum backend with Docker. > I was forever stuck in a limbo of being just a "developer" while being paid as much as an executive but being excluded from every executive meeting and not even being involved in hiring for the team that would maintain the software I wrote on which the entire company depended. In other words, my dream job. Empirically, that's probably true, but probably only because functional programming is usually more popular with fiddlers and academics than with get-shit-done developers, so there's simply less time spent on improving developer experience. I can't think of any inherent reason why functional languages would have worse error messages. Elm prides itself in its (compiler) error messages, for instance: http://elm-lang.org/blog/compilers-as-assistants When you have a "nuh uh, YOU'RE the one that's fake" situation between two apparently reputable news sources, on a topic with which you have no personal experience or expertise, how are you supposed to figure out which ones are fake? The instances of so-called "fake news" that I have seen are quite easy for me to "verify" as fake with relative confidence: it's generally an explicitly partisan source with a shady-looking website making an outlandish claim that is not corroborated by any traditional news outlet. The situation you've just described sounds much more difficult for me to verify. Your description of the groups is oversimplifying things and isn't a very "fundamental" dichotomy at all. The key phrase is "silencing someone." There is a continuum of power that a private individual or corporation or government can have to "silence" someone. At one end of the continuum is an individual hanging up the phone when they decide they've heard enough from whoever called them. I think most of us would agree that this doesn't violate the principles of free speech, even if the caller was expressing valid ideas. At the other end of the continuum is a government imprisoning someone for their speech. I think most of us would agree that this violates the principles (and laws) of free speech, except in certain circumstances (e.g. falsely shouting "fire" in a crowded theatre). But there are cases in the middle of the continuum where things aren't so clear. If I run a small blog with occasional guest writers, a lot of us would probably agree that I can choose at will which content I publish without violating the principles of free speech. But what if my blog has millions of viewers? What if it has become more of a "news site" or "forum" than a "blog?" What if it's the largest such site in the world, and the only one with significant market share? Perhaps then many of us would accuse me of violating the principles of free speech, since I have significant power to "silence" certain people or ideas. No, Twitter is your neighbor's printing press. Your neighbor doesn't have to let you use it. I wouldn't call my previous comment particularly libertarian, although some of the claims seem to overlap with libertarianism as I understand it. Most of my comment is descriptive rather than prescriptive. I certainly think you're looking into my comment and find things I didn't say or imply, like the "private entities filling in gaps without restrictions" part. Really, what I'm saying is that there are two ends of the continuum that look pretty obvious and which I suspect the vast majority of people would agree with, but within the continuum things get less clear are offer more room for disagreement. From that essay: > 100% of the top 20 YC companies by valuation have the .com of their name. 94% of the top 50 do. But only 66% of companies in the current batch have the .com of their name. Which suggests there are lessons ahead for most of the rest, one way or another. To me it suggests that having high valuations may be the cause of having the .com domain. A more useful analysis would be when companies that are now successful got their domains. You probably haven't looked that hard. Somalia case studies are ubiquitous in libertarian (anarchist-leaning) circles. The general claim seems to be that, yeah, stateless Somalia is way worse than high-functioning governments like the United States, but better than its neighbor states and better than it was before it became stateless. Leeson's article is probably the best on the topic: http://www.peterleeson.com/Better_Off_Stateless.pdf Ruby on Rails easily supports arbitrarily nested resourceful routes, but they strongly (and wisely, in my experience) advise against precisely this type of deep nesting. http://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#nested-resources http://weblog.jamisbuck.org/2007/2/5/nesting-resources > If there was a benefit to breaking down a file rather than replicating it, AWS would be using this efficiency to provide a better service. Are you suggesting that AWS is doing every possible thing that would increase efficiency, or in other words, that AWS' services are optimally efficient? That seems very unlikely. > I don't believe that businesses should be allowed to discriminate against anyone who is behaving in a lawful manner. This principle doesn't seem very robust. Can a bar refuse entry to children? Can a cinema kick someone out for talking during a movie? Can a dance club have a dress code? I agree. Those examples have nothing to do with learning a new template syntax, it's simply the API of React.Component. Granted, there is still some syntax you need to learn for JSX, but it's very little. If you already know HTML's syntax, the only new things I can think of are the curly braces for using JS expressions as prop values (you also need to know what a JS expression is, lest you try to use an if statement), and spread attributes. Good point. I didn't realize that the native DOM properties are also called "className" and "htmlFor". My point still applies though, that this isn't a JSX syntax issue, your point is that it's also not even a JSX-specific semantics issue. If you can automatically detect sentences where adding "Could you" would make the author sound more tactful, then why not just mentally add them and assume that the author intended to sound that tactful? This is a slight modification of the principle of charity, something I think is incredibly important and underemphasized, especially for online text communication. On the first try? I would hope that hardware manufacturers don't take the engineers' first attempt and immediately go into mass production. I think it's clear that the author is simply referring to the odds of finding this program by trying random programs one after the other, not making any philosophical claims about whether the Universe is deterministic. > How is this any different from people who argue "That's corruption, not socialism"? It’s not at all different. In fact, state socialism and state capitalism are extremely similar systems. Surely most creators of SPAs are using some routing library, and I’m not aware of any routing libraries that don’t handle this anchor tag click behavior by default. It’s really a trivial amount of “responsibility” to take on. > In the meantime it's possible to insert emoji into text as :), smiley, -smiley-, smiley.jpg, ::smiley:: or whatever you want and the system you use is free to change it into a pictur Sure. It’s also possible to encode any non-ASCII text as ASCII as ::yen-sign:: or ::em-dash:: or ::cyrillic-capital-letter-schwa:: and implement your own algorithm to replace them with their intended symbols. We just happen to have one fairly widely agreed upon standard for doing that, and it’s Unicode. I don’t know anything about chemistry beyond high school (US public school) but presumably helium is the smallest single-atom molecule you’ll encounter if hydrogen is off the table. Yes. The argument is logically equivalent to "nothing can ever happen for the first time." I still don’t quite understand your argument. Is it that the vaccine’s side effects will be more harmful that its benefits when applied broadly to a population? It’s presented as an absolute logical argument of the form “you can’t use a lens to make anything hotter than the average surface of the moon.” > Although shades of Heinlein’s true political leanings – libertarian in the classic sense – ... Interesting phrase there. I would say his views are liberal in the classic sense, as in classical liberalism. I don’t think the term “classical libertarianism” is commonly used, but if anything it ought to refer to left libertarianism, a quite different thing. I don’t know anything about this particular case, but it is certainly possible to be a Nazi while claiming to be anti-Nazi. Yes, I won’t make any claim whether or not this guy is a Nazi. I have no idea. > It would be interesting if Trump suddenly announced support for single payer Medicare for all. Republicans would think it's the best thing ever and Democrats would suddenly be against it... I think you’ve got this wrong. I think that in most cases partisanship and hero worship is a lot stronger than support for specific policies. I think you’d find that people wouldn’t change their stated views on single-payer, they’d just reframe the situation so that they can continue to love/hate Trump and blame the other side for everything they don’t like. Look at bump stocks. I know staunch Trump supporters who have bump stocks and strongly oppose almost any form of gun control. Does Trump’s bump stock ban make them like Trump a little less? Perhaps. But it certainly doesn’t change their political affiliation in any measurable way. Same goes for those who oppose Trump. I’m sure they agree that the bump stock ban is nice, but do you think they’re suddenly “coming around” on Trump? I doubt it. Well, yeah, flat Earth is explicitly about Earth being a special privileged spot in the Universe. I used to follow libertarian (the American propertarian kind) communities online, and one of the recurring challenges to libertarians is "but who will build the roads if government doesn't?" Of course, libertarians have all sorts of detailed responses to this challenge. Now that I don't really follow or align with libertarianism any more, my response is simple: if government subsidized roads less, there would probably just be fewer roads, and that would probably be a really good thing. I’ll venture to say that “standards of living” are largely subjective, beyond some basics like access to food and shelter from the elements. Nothing wrong with wanting a big house with a big yard. Nothing wrong with wanting a tiny house or living in a van. That’s a great way to have even more competing libraries. https://xkcd.com/927/ I don’t know. I remember reading a thought experiment years ago which I believe was presented by and to libertarians. If you were a German who found yourself conscripted into the Nazi military during World War 2 and assigned to an extermination camp, should you aspire to kill as few people as possible without getting fired? The supposed reasoning being that you are “saving” lives, since if you were fired and replaced, your replacement would likely kill even more people. I suppose it’s supposed to be a challenge to consequentialism or the claim that the ends justify the means. Personally I think it’s a bit silly, and you just shouldn’t murder people. Do you have a blog post or something that goes into detail about your routine? It sounds interesting. Nor will anything else, I reckon. > They believe, wrongly in my opinion, that vaccines cause other medical problems serious enough to justify not using vaccines. To me, that's legitimate dissent. I don't get it. How is this any more legitimate than actually being a Luddite and saying "technology and modern medicine is bad"? Would you say that racism and bigotry against minorities becomes legitimate if it's phrased as "this minority group will give you a disease if you let them near you"? Because that's actually a pretty classic feature of racist propaganda. > 1) I doubt that an average user scrolling through gofundme would see and decide to support such a campaign, I'd imagine most of the funding comes from the links being directly shared That's probably true, although I really don't know why it's particularly relevant. GoFundMe probably doesn't want people funding anti-vaccine campaigns regardless of how they arrived at the web page. > 2) The above makes me think such campaigns will simply move to a GoFundMe competitor and be equally (un?)successful, effectively nullifying any changes How does that nullify any changes? There are a finite number of crowdfunding platforms, and this reduces the number by one. And of course, this is a particularly large and prominent one. > 3) Gives more attention + victim points to anti vaxxers I don't really buy the "don't give them what they want" argument. If they really do want press about how harmful their practices are and how children are dying because of their campaigns, well okay, I'm fine with giving them this desire. I think that they should be "victims" of de-platforming, even if that's what they want. It's theoretically possible to get the Streisand effect, where their platform is increased , but I highly doubt that's likely when you remove them from huge platforms with massive market share, like YouTube or GoFundMe. > 4) If their discourse is further pushed out of mainstream platforms, does it actually reduce the spread of their ideas or just limit their exposure to counter-arguments and public condemnation? There are probably some anti-vaccers who are genuinely mislead, but the prominent voices in the movement almost certainly are aware of the invalidity of their claims. I don't think we have any lack of exposure to pro-vaccine arguments. How is the eyeglass thing remotely relevant? People wear jewelry because it’s fashionable as well. The sentence is probably using “socialism” to refer specifically to social democracy (capitalism with strong state interventions to regulate firms and provide welfare) rather than the broader historical definition (social ownership of the means of production). Yeah, "extremely possible" is perhaps a poor choice of words, and could be interpreted uncharitably as a hedge against any outcome, but I think there's an obvious charitable interpretation too: that things that have a 20% chance of occurring turn out to occur around 20% of the time. No one would be blown away by surprise if I proclaimed "SIX!" then rolled a six-sided die and got a six, but that's even less likely than 20%. So it's reasonable to say that, if 538 claims that an event has a 20% probability of happening, and that event happens, no one should be astonished. Of course, such events ought to happen about 20% of the time, if 538's models are good. And that evaluation is precisely what 538 published a few days ago: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/checking-our-work/ If you have a surviving birth certificate, there's no reason it's not also very feasible to have a surviving immunization record. In my case, when I moved out of the house after high school my mom sent me with a photocopy of the original (handwritten) booklet. I still have the photocopy, along with additional records for vaccines I've gotten since then. This does remind me that I should digitize them. It would make sense that secretive military aviation projects would purposefully fly near unsecretive unsuspecting military aircraft to determine how detectable they are. It also makes sense that the military would publicly embrace the UFO narrative as a way to continue concealing their secretive projects. Or how about performing an action on the World Wide Web by clicking a button? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1-Click See also: most long-form journalism. I don’t think it’s quite as simple as you say. This isn’t something like “my childhood was tough, therefore I want everyone’s childhood to be tough.” Just because someone has paid off their college debts does not mean that the effects of that debt have ended. Obviously the effects of that opportunity cost still exist. That money could have been spent on other things, like a mortgage. So the idea of forgiving all current student loan debt without any consideration of people who are still living with the effects of their previous student loan debt is pretty crude, and I think there’s a strong argument for calling it blatantly unfair. I don’t dislike this challenge, and I don’t dislike code golf. What I don’t understand is the notion that compressing a 100MB Wikipedia file somehow requires an “intelligent” compression algorithm. If the challenge was to be able to compress any English text down to a certain ratio, then perhaps making the algorithm behave “intelligently” would be a requirement. But as far as I can tell, this challenge is asking for a lossless reproduction of one specific chunk of data, so it seems to me that we just have to hope that, on a given platform, there exists a 15MB executable that outputs that exact chunk of data. One might exist, but one might not. And you probably won’t even be able to prove the latter, because of the halting problem (technically it doesn’t apply with a computer with finite memory, but in practice no one will wait long enough). But would you expect that program to itself be useful for anything else? It literally just takes no input and outputs that one specific Wikipedia dump. It’s not like I can tweak it slightly and have it output new predictions of things that sound like Wikipedia articles. Unless the idea is that whatever methodology is required to build this particular program could then be adapted to do other things that seem intelligent. That seems possible, but not at all likely given my reading of the challenge requirements. Just to note, "libertarian literature" is a very broad phrase, and there is certainly plenty of reasonably prominent literature from both the left and the right that describes itself as "libertarian" and would also oppose the idea of centralized state law enforcement and justice systems. On the right you've got some varieties of anarcho-capitalism that support systems of polycentric law that emerge from markets for law enforcement and criminal justice. On the left you've got anarchist movements like anarcho-syndicalism which propose a decentralized or federated system of social institutions that would be determined by direct action and direct democracy. I'm not attempting to prescribe a definition or usage of any terms. I'm simply describing a very common way in this these terms are already being used, and pointing out that your usage should probably be further clarified. If you wish to use "libertarian" to refer to something very specific, like perhaps the Libertarian Party in the USA, you're free to do so. I just think you should make that clarification, because people will understandably be confused by an unqualified usage of the term "libertarian." It is a term that is used very broadly by many different groups. I also made no claims regarding the viability or merits of any of the viewpoints I was describing. That's not a conversation I'm interested in having in this context. Huh? It would certainly be "adjudicating the acquisition of cars," which would be the better analogy. Some acquisitions of cars are legal (like when you buy a car), and some are illegal (like if you steal a car). I pretty much always start typing SQL queries with “SELECT *” because I know I’ll come back and figure that part out later. It’s similar to how I write Python list comprehensions. I almost always type “x for x in” from muscle memory, then get the collection part at the end correct, then go back and fix the beginning. My brain just won’t think in the other direction. > Let's start with a test: Do you have any opinions that you would be reluctant to express in front of a group of your peers? > If the answer is no, you might want to stop and think about that. If everything you believe is something you're supposed to believe, could that possibly be a coincidence? Odds are it isn't. Odds are you just think what you're told. I’ve never quite understood this argument, because it seems to imply that people’s beliefs are or should be a random, unpredictable process, and that any regularity in the data should be treated with apprehension. But if beliefs are not in fact random, but can be guided by some common forces, then it wouldn’t be strange to expect people’s beliefs to in some cases largely converge. Should I “stop and think about” the fact that I oppose murder, even though my parents and all my friends and even most of my “enemies” hold that same belief?” Of course not. To clarify, this isn’t just a cynical comment. It’s actually why digital content producers use DRM. Generally speaking, they’re not idiots, they know it will have little effect on determined pirates and will cause some hassle for some legitimate customers. The point really is so that the digital content producers can maintain control over the providers of computer hardware and distribution channels. Here’s an old article claiming to be a big revelation, but it’s pretty much common sense and has been fairly well recognized for much longer than that: https://www.zdnet.com/article/google-engineer-drm-has-nothin... When people say “homeless are everywhere” regarding SF, they’re probably referring to the extremely troubled people who are conspicuously doing drugs or screaming incoherently on the streets. I don’t think those people would suddenly be fine if only the SF apartments were $500 a month instead of $3000. Of course, there are a lot more homeless people in SF than the very conspicuously unwell people I mentioned. There are also probably larger scale effects that together contribute to high rents, high income inequality, drug abuse, lack of medical care, etc. But there’s a lot more to say than that SF’s homeless problem is because rent is too high. Then what is the point in asking if a machine “understands” English and Chinese? It sounds like the question would be either completely untestable, or the answer would just be “no” by definition because we’re defining “understanding” to be “based on human mental activity.” It just doesn’t seem like a useful question if the answer can not be determined by a test such as the Chinese room thought experiment. The subtitle of the article is "Wealth naturally trickles up in free-market economies, model suggests." "Free-market economies" might not mean exactly the same thing as "capitalism," but it's pretty close, and it's pretty clear that the article is discussing the current world as it is. Heck, it might be doable to just lay the power cable in a permanent route on the ground and use electricity to propel the craft along that route! You wouldn't even need wings! No, Facebook should not allow someone to run an ad promoting genocide. They should not wait for the issue to go to court. Exactly. The fact that some procedure may be a really good idea doesn’t mean it should be a prerequisite for some unrelated thing that is also important. You shouldn’t have to get a yearly physical to be able to register to vote. I don't know about people getting fired for saying that, but it's probably not a true or reasonable thing to say. Consider that, to the extent that there may be a pipeline problem, one significant cause of it may be the conditions of work in your industry. > The problem is the process of going for the lowest bidder, or one of the lowest. The phrase "lowest bidder" gets a lot of mileage in jokes and social commentary, but I'm pretty sure that the original idea is "the lowest bidder who fulfills the requirements of the contract." In that context it's a pretty obvious process, not something to be feared or mocked. The contract should be "build X to exactly these specifications," and of course the contract should be given to the lowest bidder who can reasonably be expected to fulfill the contract. In this case, the contractor is clearly unable (or unwilling, or unincentivized) to fulfill the contract, and thus the contractor's bid should be irrelevant. The contractor should not even be considered. After all, if it's fine to not fulfill the terms of the contract, then I'm confident I could submit an even lower bid. I don't think they should work for free. I'm not under the impression that they do work for free, or that blocking ads or paywalls will cause them to work for free. On some occasions I would love to have articles about open source projects that are written in the high quality and non-point-of-view tone that Wikipedia encourages. A project's own API docs are obviously going to be a better source for, well, the API, but a blunt description of what a project is is something Wikipedia can definitely provide, and I don't see why they don't. I certainly use Wikipedia to understand what various companies are. There are companies whose own websites seem deliberately designed to obfuscate what the company is. I don't see why Wikipedia couldn't provide the same benefit for open source projects. Is there evidence to suggest that the US government will not suppress speech that they deem to be a threat to their power? There was rampant blatant suppression of supposedly communist-friendly speech in the 1950s and 1960s. Does anyone think this has significantly changed? For a more recent example, see how the US government handled the leaking of its diplomatic cables, something which (unlike late night comedy) actually threatens the reputation of the US government. Okay, it may very well be true that one particular serverless product is very expensive or overly complex. That’s a fine argument to make. But that has nothing to do with whether the term “serverless” has a well-established meaning. It’s not just a buzzword, or at least it’s not always used as a buzzword and does in fact have a straightforward meaning. If I don’t like serverless products, or I think people need to be aware of problems they might face, I should just make those arguments. I should not just say “I still don’t know what serverless means” or “serverless is just a buzzword.” I think we'll find that distinguishing between "children's content" and "family-friendly content" is difficult not just for YouTube's algorithms but for humans as well. I suspect we'll see even more channels get hit by this simply because they're not identifiably "adult" in any way. > This guy's Twitter thread doesn't seem like a great defense, because he doesn't make any specific scientific claims. No one is hiding scientific claims about climate change. It wouldn't be difficult to list scientific claims, but that's not his point. He is complaining that this organization is misrepresenting itself and the nature of its event in order to trick people into attending or appearing to support something they do not actually support. He doesn't claim that climate deniers' arguments are incorrect because of something about their character or motives (that would be an ad hominem attack). He just doesn't want people to be deceived regarding this organization and its conference. > More troubling is his claim that they are "weaponizing" reproducibility against climate change. Doesn't that raise a red flag? No. Why should it raise a red flag? People can invoke the name of true and important criticisms in the defense of beliefs that are incorrect or harmful. > I'm kind of a believer that people can think for themselves. Let anybody attend anything - if it's a science convention that isn't promoting science it seems like it's not going to get very far, no protesting required. It seems like this person would agree with you: and that's why he has made an effort to inform people that (in his view) this conference is not promoting science. Moreover, how is this so-called "cancel culture" incompatible with people thinking for themselves? This person can write criticisms about an organization in a Twitter thread. Someone from that organization can write a WSJ article in response. People can and do choose what to believe. This Twitter poster (presumably) does not have the ability to unilaterally cancel anything, nor is there some cultural rule that if his tweets get a certain number of likes then the target of his criticism automatically gets cancelled. I haven't played with Elm, but my experience with ReasonML matches yours. I made some small but non-trivial side projects to learn ReasonML and TypeScript, and not only is ReasonML's type system vastly more satisfying, I actually found it much easier to learn (coming from JavaScript) than TypeScript is! https://reasonml.github.io/ It’s clearly not clear to Jacob, since he eventually says “I am afraid you will only demo MITM attack on the traffic.” I mean, I was going to point out that that sentence massively compromises the validity of the author's argument, because I've been in companies with more than five employees for which this was definitely not a core security requirement. It's one thing to say that some feature is actually adopted as a security requirement at many companies and that SaaS vendors who don't offer that feature will lose out on those companies as customers. It's another thing to say that SaaS vendors are failing to meet a massive market requirement, and that companies on the other side of that market are also failing to "realize" and adopt that requirement. In other words, unless I saw evidence that a larger portion of 6-person companies demanded this feature, it seems reasonable to assume that the market simply doesn't want this feature, and SaaS vendors aren't doing anything particularly stupid by not offering the feature. > The problem here is that there are real people who depend on the security of their messages who would be taking unreasonable risks in trying to get an encrypted email workflow going. But how do you decide who is taking unreasonable risks? Surely there are also some people who would be taking unreasonable risks communicating via any means other than a one-time pad exchanged in person! And yet I suspect most security professionals will say that in most use cases the ergonomic disadvantages of one-time pad make it not worth the added security. Which is the exact same form of argument you said is problematic regarding secure messaging services. https://www.cdc.gov/flu/prevent/vaccine-selection.htm Seems pretty straightforward. They look at which strains people have been testing positive for and how successful the previous vaccines were. I mean, it's no secret that foreign banks absolutely did help Nazi Germany in many ways, including transacting assets seized from Jews in Germany. We also have no shortage of stories about large transaction companies like PayPal closing or freezing people's accounts due to unspecified (but apparently political) reasons. I wouldn't say "GTFO" quite yet. Not without some more explanation for why you think it's so improbable. It’s very close to “almost no testing ability” if you want to routinely test people who don’t have symptoms so that people can actually leave their homes sometime before a vaccine. Suppose I’m not familiar with him or am not convinced he’s a megalomaniac. I know this is taken as gospel around here, but what evidence would you present to convince me of that claim? Is it just that he wrote a book about ideas he thinks are very important and interesting? Recoil allows you to create atoms and selectors in loops without having to add an entire new Context.Provider component to the root of the React component tree, which would obviously not be viable since the entire tree would need to be torn down each time. If you have a lot of pieces of data in one React context, every component that uses any little piece of that data will re-render whenever any part of the data changes. Friction is a very high-level thermodynamic concept, and I certainly think that fluid friction is effectively the same concept as viscosity. Where do you draw the line between "marketplace" and "retail store?" For the NYSE it seems fairly clear, but in retail it seems less so. Nearly every widespread retail store I know of either sells primary a multitude of other company's products but also has some store brand options, or primarily sells their own branded items but also sells other company's products in areas where they don't have a first-party offering. I’m not too familiar with Gab, but are you implying that Twitter is exclusively a platform for left wing mobs? If so, you are mistaken, and this coarse impression of what Twitter is should not be projected onto every single tweet. It’s bizarrely contradictory to use democracy to decrease the accountability of elected officials, because no matter how bad the supposedly democratic government is, you can always just say it’s the public’s fault for not voting good enough or hard enough. On the contrary, I think if a government claims to be democratic, then they are accountable for aligning their policies and outcomes with what the public wants. A democratic government should be actually accountable to the public. I don’t know about 7zip specifically, but the iPad Pro seems to beat even some MacBook Pros on some benchmarks. https://www.macrumors.com/2020/05/12/ipad-pro-vs-macbook-air... > and it certainly doesn't follow that nobody is harmed by any permissive migration scheme. Speaking of extremely narrow claims, of course this isn’t the case. Most policies do not have the goal that no one is harmed. As the most obvious example: criminals are harmed by laws which punish crime. Even minor loosening of restrictions to immigration might at least temporarily harm people whose jobs involve deporting immigrants or filing difficult immigration paperwork. Wanting your nation to compete well to attract talent is not exactly zero-sum thinking. Sure, you could consider each individual’s choice of where to deploy their talent as a zero-sum choice, since they can only directly choose one location at a time, but 1) even individual contributions can benefit the world and 2) a healthy competition for talent among nations can itself benefit the world. > If you add fifty million more people to the U.S.: how many people will Google need to hire to deal with the extra demand? Zero. I highly doubt that’s true. 50 million new employed people would almost certainly create enough economic activity that would directly or indirectly lead to increased activity on some a google service that would cause them to hire more people. > This might be a shock to most people in the western world, but if you go on almost ANY news website in china, the headline news is dedicated to government propaganda. Those people would be even more shocked by the extent to which this is true in the western world as well. Just to be clear, Molyneux had long been an anarcho-capitalist, which is already an extreme take on free market economics. I wouldn’t look too far into it, and I certainly wouldn’t conclude that white nationalism is the logical conclusion of thinking that free markets have their place in society. I suppose that's valid. This is the first time I had heard that DDG has a browser too, and I was just assuming that anyone who would use the browser probably also uses the search engine, which they obviously have to trust when they send search queries to it. If it's the case that some people are flying that flag who genuinely do not know the recent history of it (it was introduced in the late 1940s by the Dixiecrat party to symbolize their opposition to integration and the civil rights movement), then informing them of that history would surely cause them to immediately take it down. One could even argue that it's at best negligent to fly a flag without knowing the most basic history of its symbolism, but if that's really what's going on, then surely it wouldn't be hard to educate all these people who are unintentionally flying the flag. I just don't really buy it. I imagine those people back then were also complaining about how the kids these days don't care enough to communicate properly. https://xkcd.com/1227/ It seems to me that the level of "privateness" of the information is relevant. Obviously just saying the real name of a famous person who goes by a pseudonym is not considered doxxing. This article claims that his full name "can be ascertained with minimal investigation," and Scott's own blog deletion announcement seemed to agree. Where precisely to draw that line is an area where we can reasonably disagree. Some of the previous anniversary links are 404s. :) Three years ago I interviewed in house (after several hours of phone screens) at an SF tech company that has since gone public. The position was for a senior software engineer doing mostly backend Rails stuff. The biggest portion of the in-house interview was some fairly simple algorithm puzzle involving solving some word game given some rules and a list of valid English words. That section of the interview ended with me explaining how hash table lookups are constant time and the interviewer insisting that they are linear time. To be clear, there was no “gotcha” about collision resolution or anything subtle like that. My claim just came up as an obvious step in my explanation of the running time of my proposed solution and the interviewer jumped on it. I thought I was quite cordial, but I didn’t back down, and the interviewer seemed quite aggressive. The other interviewer in the room at the time seemed very uncomfortable with the fact that I would question something so basic, but didn’t intervene or express any “opinion” on the “debate.” I was rejected due to insufficient experience. :) But it didn’t sound like the job was for algorithm recital performances. Even within Twitter there will be a vast difference. If a liberal quotes a conservative tweet in disapproval you will see replies from liberals also expressing disapproval. But if another conservative quotes the same tweet in approval, you’ll see a bunch of conservatives replying in approval. It would be incorrect to conclude either “everyone realized that tweet was terrible” and “everyone agreed with that tweet.” This probably works fine for a simple leaf component like this, but this won’t compose well either, right? If every render completely overrides innerHTML then won’t all DOM state of child components get wiped? My understand is that this is a primary reason for e.g. React’s virtual DOM. > In essence, the opinions of your opponents and enemies are just as valid as your opinions I think that this is not true and that society and individuals can and should reserve the right to suppress intolerant ideologies. > many conservatives were once liberals, while the reverse is typically not true. Is there any data to support that claim? It’s the opposite of my own personal anecdata. It’s really remarkable for one’s takeaway from the Nazis to be that accusations of racism might be false. Could it perhaps also be that because suicide is such a taboo subject, suicides are widely underreported? > The rise, expansion and collapse of empires is very necessary for the development and testing of human organizational models. Which attributes are being tested, other than the ability of a society to expand and conquer or destroy other societies? > Here the key question here is: what sort of things should you expect to have already seen, if they were really there? On the one hand, we clearly have seen enough to safely conclude that there aren’t large dinosaurs roaming the streets in our major city centers. On the other hand, we often hear reports of people uncovering old things that others had confidently predicted would never be found. Which makes many suspect widespread overconfidence in claims about what we know can’t be there, because if so we would have seen them already. This wording is very reminiscent of a lot of writing from conspiracy theorists. It starts with a very plausible claim that experts are sometimes overconfident in a mainstream belief about topic X, but then immediately leaps to the conclusion that we can therefore make up any claim whatsoever about topic X and it ought to be treated just as seriously as mainstream beliefs held by experts. You see this all the time in government/political conspiracy theories. Yes, we have in the past uncovered real substantial government conspiracies and attempted cover-ups. But that doesn't mean that any claim whatsoever about a government conspiracy is true or should be treated "with the same priors" as any other claim. Likewise, the fact that some experts have been wrong about what artifacts they expected to find in a certain archaeological dig does not mean that all claims about human history should be treated with the same level of seriousness. The fact that sometimes evidence is hidden (either deliberately, or due to lack of resources, or due to misguided research, etc.) does not support any arbitrary claim made without evidence of its own. Does everyone agree on what murder is? Of course not. Does that mean murder should be legal? The exact same thing happens for me on YouTube, although I guess YouTube doesn't start with an auto-playing random sequence of videos to quick-start the search for videos you find interesting. Still though, I end up in very odd niches that I never specifically searched for. I think the only reason it's confusing now is that the new iPad Pro looks virtually identical to the smaller iPad Pro. The form factor, display size and resolution, and weight are essentially identical. The key differences are that the Pro has LiDAR, an additional ultrawide camera, a 120 Hz display, FaceID, and larger storage options, while the new Air has a new (and potentially faster) chip and TouchID built into the power button. The chip generation offset isn't all that uncommon for similar Apple product lines with staggered releases, and in this case both chips are staggeringly fast and are very unlikely to be a bottleneck for iPad workloads! > With proper engineering and maintenance, PG&E could probably reduce the frequency of fires significantly, but there's always going to be a non-zero risk of fire, both from power lines and other sources, and it seems basically inevitable that one of them would have started another fire at some point. I don’t understand. You’re conceding that if PG&E were a competent and responsible company they could significantly reduce the rate of fires. The fact that some fires might still happen doesn’t mean that 10 fires aren’t better than 1,000 fires. It's probably true that generally rich kids could go to school pretty much anywhere and be okay, and that non-rich kids can have their lives transformed for the better by going to a reputable school. But isn't the latter due to the fact that people with power associate reputable schools with elite social status? Presumably if rich kids stopped going to a reputable school, it wouldn't take long for that school's reputation to diminish, even if the actual merit's of the education provided by the school didn't change. It's not crazy to have a device-independent presentational document that also contains enough data to enable some device-dependent rendering of its text and media contents. In the United States, 100,000 people died in the 1968 flu season, and the US population was about 200 million. There have been 200,000 COVID-19 deaths, and the US population is 328 million. What are the "items" in this analogy? Music instruction channels on YouTube know that this may technically be true but simply does not matter. Rick Beato's channel has several rants about this, and here's one of them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqvuEal2P2E Apparently you can have YouTube videos blocked or demonetized for even mentioning the name of a song from some very famous artists who have very active legal teams. But that none of that matters, because YouTube will still block or demonetize your videos even when you were clearly covered by fair use. I suspect that demonetization or blocking isn't an issue for corporate training videos. YouTube probably works fine for them. > I don't know how a person could cope with being told that even once, much less a thousand times. I suppose the good news is that it's like the first time every time. That's absolutely not true. Developers can and often do have a hostile relationship with consumers who use their software. The most obvious example of this is malware developers. Operating systems and software distribution platforms often have rules to prevent malware. That's clearly a restriction on developers but (if done well) it means better apps for consumers. I think the same can be said for less obvious cases, like adware, tracking, shady free trial or subscription plans, bait and switch pricing in e-commerce, and many other antipatterns or dark patterns. Many people's livelihood is malware development, probably including many people who think it's unethical and would prefer to have another livelihood if there was an option. I genuinely feel bad for those people, but I still think blocking malware is the right decision for an OS or software distribution platform. > The iPhone is not a modular unit that can be tampered with at all, but despite even being a software developer, I do not actually care about my phone being modular. I want it to work and I want it to work well across the entire platform. I'm precisely in this boat. I enjoy playing with electronics, but I want my microwave to just work. I also enjoy fiddling around with PCs with total freedom, but I want my phone to just work. Haha yes, I used to do all the WRT54G stuff and tended to have bugs and an overheated router. I also used to tinker a bunch with jailbroken iPhones and rooted Android phones. I'll never have anything against that, but now I personally want an option that just works! Yes, once you've eliminated the taste of the vegetable you can start experimenting with lots of things that taste good! Is the flavor of grapefruit primarily bitterness? I guess that does sound right, but it was initially surprising to me, because I cannot stand grapefruit, but I very much enjoy all manner of strong coffee and bitter beers like IPAs. I would suppose that dehumanizing effects are intended and are in fact necessary in a system where someone decides that someone else will be killed. I don’t think that apps on iPhones stop working just because the app was removed from from the store. You wouldn’t be able to get the app on a new phone, of course, but the old installed app should keep working. The comment might have been thinking of remotely-triggered app removal, which I believe is a rarely used function. There are plenty of toy drones with cameras and no location awareness. I’m pretty sure that functionality is not legally required, but is just enabled by drone manufacturers who don’t want their products causing trouble. And I believe anything under 8 ounces doesn’t even need to be registered with the FAA, and it’s likely that this little drone camera is under that. Another way of looking at it is that no matter how beautifully you describe American car culture or how much you romanticize it, it has immense externalities. The externalities don’t depend on how much people enjoy using cars however they please. It sounds like it was the specific text of the review that led to the arrest. It doesn’t sound like all 1-star reviews would qualify as defamation. Of course it’s possible in any country to post certain text that is illegal. Fraud, threats of violence, and defamation are three obvious examples that are probably illegal to post online in nearly every country. I’m not sure why Google would need to post a specific warning about this. I’m not sure why you’re asking that. Clearly when we’re just sheep in God’s flock or God’s children (both common wording in Judeo-Christian scripture) you have less responsibility than self-determining agents. I think “unrelated market” is a tough sell for this case. The two markets are “selling things” and...”selling things.” They’re pretty closely related. Right, but "selling basically any physical shippable goods" has long the primary business of Amazon.com. I've always been in the "I don't get it" boat with DDG bang operators. When I last tried switching it to my default search engine, I felt like any time I needed to search DDG for "!{bang} {query}" I could have just searched Google for "{query}" and gotten the result I was looking for. In many cases, Google will give even better results for siteX than siteX's own search, because Google is likely to correct for things like common spelling errors or word substitutions. Granted, I haven't given DDG an earnest try in a couple of years, so the DDG non-bang search results may have gotten better, but the fact that their bangs are still heavily touted as a killer feature doesn't give me much faith. On Google I just search for "define wordtodefine" (which isn't must longer and might even be faster to type) or even just "wordtodefine" (Google seems to be pretty good at knowing whether a single-word search is likely to be looking for the definition). The internet isn’t exactly new in this regard. You could just as easily ask things like “what is it like to be European society?” So, no firm that makes things would be able to...sell things? That doesn’t sound very viable. > Is any sort of government intervention considered "nanny state"? Yes, generally the term is only used by people mocking any suggestion that the government should regulate anything. Mask requirements during a pandemic, laws against drunk driving, laws about how restaurants need to handle raw meat, etc. Wanting to separate engineering work from reality is precisely what Barrin92 is saying should not and can not be done. Engineering work isn't just some insulated game that gives you tokens to buy things you need in the real world. The engineering work is itself part of the real world. > Some would call political activism on your employer's dime theft. That's probably true, but they would be wrong. The fact that some people would say incorrect things is not a strong argument. No, I wouldn't, but I don't know how that is relevant. If a mattress company refused to sell mattresses to gay people, I wouldn't do business with that mattress company, and I would also approve of employees of that mattress company taking part in political activism to oppose that practice. The Coinbase blog post is directly self-contradictory. First it lists some things that they focus on in order to accomplish their mission. One of those is this: > Enable belonging for everyone: We work to create an environment where everyone is welcome and can do their best work, regardless of background, sexual orientation, race, gender, age, etc. Then, just a few short paragraphs later, they list things that they focus minimally on, because they are "not directly related to the mission." One of those things is this: > Broader societal issues: We don’t engage here when issues are unrelated to our core mission, because we believe impact only comes with focus. It doesn't get more blatantly contradictory than that. And again, it's a false notion to think that those are two separate things. You can't, to use example that I hope is obvious, support making your work environment welcoming to everyone regardless of sexual orientation, while also refusing to oppose or even discuss a political movement or politician who would throw people in jail for having a certain sexual orientation. Separation of church and state is nothing more than a limitation on the government, prohibiting it from establishing a national religion or inhibiting religious practice. It is not a claim that religion can never be discussed in government, or that government can never be discussed in religious practice. You don’t need to expect or demand that, although I certainly would. The problem is when a company claims they care about that issue as part of their mission, but then prohibits employees from taking a stand on that issue or even discussing that issue. It’s extremely common for Americans to not wear bicycle helmets. I think the climate change thing has little to do with how far off it is. It's just that the people who stand to benefit from not mitigating climate change are both powerful politically and wealthy enough that the effects, even if they happened much sooner than predicted, wouldn't likely effect them. Sure, they may lose one of their homes on the coastline. The mass migration away from coastlines will be devastating to humanity, but not to those people or their children. Heck, even worst case scenarios like massive social unrest or resource wars aren't likely to effect these people. Their kids certainly won't be going off to war! In other words, it's not a problem of being able to imagine the effects. I suspect the powerful people resisting climate change mitigation can imagine the effects, they just know those effects won't touch them. When is something investing rather than gambling? I let mine on the network so it will get updates, but I just don't use any of the smart features. I understand that some TVs (Samsung?) apparently track your activity and show you unsolicited ads, but as far as my LG TV doesn't track me and all the apps and smart features don't do anything unless I choose to open them. > I've read that some cheap hdmi splitters will strip HDCP as an undocumented side effect I haven't heard that before, but according to Wikipedia a master key was leaked or reverse engineered 10 years ago, so presumably manufacturers out of Intel's legal reach can produce devices that strip HDCP. Yeah, I don't really buy the "luxury product" label either, but I suppose everything is relative. All the major brands of smartphones have offerings at similar price points to the iPhone lineup. And in the United States, iPhones have around 50% of the smartphone market share. The same largely applies to Apple's other product lines too, which the exception that they simply don't attempt to compete in the bottom-dollar markets for laptops or desktop PCs. So I would definitely say that Apple doesn't make junk for the race-to-the-bottom market, but I'm hesitant to call them a luxury brand.