Google does document Intent constants that work with the standard application compliment of AOSP, and SDK add-ons typically document their Intent constants. An SDK add-on would be one way an app with a rich Intent interface could make that interface known in a more-formal way. 100 megabit service is available at consumer-oriented pricing in Japan and other places. One obvious use of very fast service is to substitute OTT TV for cable TV, or to provide server-based 3D gaming, or, for non-entertainment purposes, to provide high-definition video conferencing. I'm sure others can enumerate a long list of applications. But, the real point is there has never been a shortage of uses for more bandwidth. Instead, it has always opened new possibilities and created new value. The great risk in not having inexpensive, fast Internet service is that the next great value-creations on the Internet will happen more often outside the US, and therefore not help to restore economic growth in the US. The way I earn a living is the same way most musicians earn a living: By working for hire or teaching (consulting). There are about 10,000 books that make any measurable money at all, at any given time, and only a small fraction of those earn the authors enough to live on. Even famous authors of widely read books often have a "day job." Books I have co-authored are "pirated," mainly in markets where wages are lower than would support a local edition at local pricing. My publisher does not use DRM on e-books, and e-books still rapidly outpaced paper books. If you do the thought experiment, lack of copyright protection or a significantly shorter term of copyright, or some other variant, like a publishers' agreement not to trespass on other publishers' author relationships for some term, would not change my direct income from book writing very much. Publishing would adapt: Books might be serialized so that subscribers get first access on a continuing basis. Or frequent editions (which you might see anyway, with e-books) might become the norm. Apart from the handful of authors of "blockbusters" the book publishing economy would not change that much. We have made, and are protecting at great expense a novel result: A small number of authors, musicians, motion-picture makers, etc. can make big money through mass-reproduction of their works. Is that an advancement of civilization worth subverting all the potential for free expression the Internet provides, or not? Two comments here converge on a complete response to Chris DiBona's assertion: "A platform controlled by a single vendor and locked down by hardware vendors != the Linux desktop "dream come true" "For smartphones, sure. For desktops this is not going to happen for a long time if ever." As much as Android is now both the dominant client Java and the dominant Linux userland, there are two things that have to happen before it is the Linux "dream come true." First, it should become really open, without a Google controlled two-tier structure for OEMs. Not all open source, but open to all comers: Anyone who makes an Android device that passes compatibly tests should be able to ship the Android Market on it. In this, Microsoft is more even-handed with OEMs. Any OEM can license Windows, and they get the same thing HP and Dell get. Second, Google needs to make this openness and evenhandedness happen for tablet makers, which are more like desktop PC makers than handset makers. Tablets are not tied to mobile networks, nor to mobile network operators' retail channels. There is no mobile operator dictating what the software content of a tablet must be in order for it to be accepted by their channel, so there is no excuse for the process to be less than transparent and open to every product that passes compatibility tests. I have good reason to like Android, and the way Google has made Adroid successful, very much: http://www.amazon.com/Programming-Android-Zigurd-Mednieks/dp... I also know from experience in the mobile application business that Android Market is the easiest platform vendor or carrier-controlled app market to deal with. My comments relate mainly to how the tablet business differs from the handset business. The same practices that might be necessary for Android handsets don't apply to tablets, and evidently don't work as well, either. I think tablets will be a very big part of computing, and Android tablets should be a big part of the tablet business. But, so far, Google hasn't allowed many low-cost OEMs to ship Android-based products with Android Market and Google's other proprietary applications. Had Google gone with, say, Archos on a $350 tablet instead of Motorola for a high-end product, the tablet roll-out for Android might be very different now. More generally, Google should not have tried to pick a winner, or a winning approach to tablet product formulation. That openness to all comers makes Android Market vibrant and diverse. Maybe Google should try that approach to tablet OEMs, too. > you start jumping into the rabbit hole when you start getting into server API integration and doing processing off the main thread (AsyncTask, IntentService, Service, unit tests lions tigers oh my) Yes, the first thing to learn is concurrent programming in Java, and Android's classes that simplify it. Then learn about components - everything that implements the ComponentCallbacks interface - and how lifecycles work. If you skip over this you are doomed. Then learn how to keep your data model in a ContentProvider. After that, you are through most of what is different and that might be strange. Interesting but all anecdotal. The office layout productivity study that sticks in my mind showed that any change in office layout improved productivity for a short time. More light, dimmer light, higher cubicle walls, no cubicle walls, etc. It all improved productivity. And then there was a return to mean. A nap after lunch seems to be common in Chinese companies. In both big consultancies, and small entrepreneurial companies, i have seem people put their head down and take a brief nap at their desk. I have read that some companies have a formal policy encouraging this, but it seems widespread anyway. You do realize that leading off with "Respectfully, you don't know what you are talking about" isn't reducing the image of insularity Wikipedia has acquired? It says "If you don't get up to speed on the obscure processes, such as that anyone can nominate an article for deletion, you can't participate in the dialogue." For some reason, unexplained to outsiders, this is a feature, not a bug. At least recognize that Wikipedia is the odd subculture, not the people critiquing Wikipedia. More people know him as a TWiT Network host, nowadays. > encryption is hard, and thereby expensive The problem with that is that systems like Skype require strong encryption to work at all, and Skype manages to provide high quality voice transmission despite using encryption on a wide variety of OSs and hardware. It will probably be more technically difficult to make Skype friendly to snooping than it was to make it secure. Your response is an example of the natural tendency of some people to find comfort in authority, even when it is shown to be ineffective. Nothing personal. Lots of people react in the same way. Sad nonetheless. Which do you think is likelier: A. Java FX is the Java UI technology that makes cross-platform - including mobile platforms - client Java relevant and attracts a significant number of developers? B. Android compatibility becomes available for non-Android OSs and Android becomes the de facto portable client Java. Or put it in terms of scenarios: Google settles the Oracle suit and ships Java 7 and JavaFX compatibility in Android and significant numbers of developers use this to deliver multi-platform Java apps. Or: multiple vendors offer Windows desktop Android virtualization or JavaSE-like implementations of the Android runtime, and these are used to move tablet apps to desktops. I did see that, but I think it is a reasonable assumption that Oracle wants Java 7, and JavaFX, on platforms other than Windows. I suppose Iceland's domain registrar was busy that day. RMS is difficult because he is consistent, because he is right about difficult topics, and because people have a natural tendency to be comforted by authoritarians. But the issues RMS writes and speaks about are fundamental to human rights, and to the continued ability to create and innovate and create value without getting prior permission. Sham transactions are a common part of financial crimes. Ownership didn't change in fact, just on paper. Linking all the owners together in one family showed that the transactions had no material effect on where the rent and equity money was going. I find myself fumbling with the three scroll bars in GMail: Two are owned by GMail, one for the main pane of the UI, and one for the message pane embedded in it. The browser's scroll bar controls scrolling for the contacts displayed on the right side of the window. A case can be made for this in that all the scroll bars are closest to the content they scroll. But it also points out the unsatisfactory state of having the browser control some scrolling and the active content inside the browser control some of it. This would never fly in the design of any UI library for creating interactive applications. The first two top-level comments I see here amount to: a) Beating bloggers, especially hippies, doesn't count b) If we had only prevented the protests, we'd be doing better Still more reasons America is in a slump in these rankings If you have a thread longer than your window, that's one scroll bar. Gmail creates it. If you have a reply, for example, in that thread longer than a few lines, it is scrolled within a view in the thread. If you have your chat contacts displayed in the right pane, the browser window's scroll bar scrolls that pane. That's the case I'm describing. This is only true for publishers that are making large numbers of hard-back books for an uncertain market. Trade paperbacks are going print-on-demand, and e-books have overtaken print books in some categories already. When is the last time you heard anyone boast "I'm in my fifth printing?" So, while this puts some inefficiency and perverse incentives into part of the publishing industry, the effects of this have been washed out, in most cases, by technological change and changes in the supply chain. I don't think "discoverability" is meaningful. Nobody speaks of restaurant discoverability or beer discoverability or shoe discoverability. That's because nobody would lend the money for a shoe factory, brewery equipment, or a restaurant build-out without seeing a plan for reaching the prospective customers and making them aware of the product. For some reason, people think mobile app business plans don't need this. That myth may be created by the lucky few who turn out not to need it. They got "discovered" like a starlet at a soda fountain. The app market managers decided to feature that app, or a widely read blogger stumbled upon it. But planning on that is like planning on winning the capital for your next app with a lottery ticket. If your business plan can't support end-user marketing, you may need to decide you are not writing your app with financial goals in mind, or you need a solid alternative marketing plan and put the effort in to executing that with the same dedication you put in to writing the app. Tl;dr: Mobile app markets are not a way to get around the cost and effort of properly launching a product. "Ant? Why do I know Ant now? I didn’t know Ant 2 days ago. Is it really necessary to have to learn a build tool to perform such a common task?" Ant is the backstop to the build the IDE makes automatically, in cases, like this one, where there isn't a parameter you can set in the build options dialog. You might not like ant, or having to learn it. But it's not an unusual choice for Java builds. There are many cases in more-complex Android project builds where ant is necessary. The first sign of trouble is: " A previously (very) successful game on iOS, it was brought over to Android in order to take advantage of the huge number of devices that run the OS." Right. A game with graphical assets designed for a couple of fixed screen sizes and resolutions is going to have problems on a system that forces developers to handle multiple screen dimensions and resolutions. Shocked. I'm shocked. The one thing Android "fragmentation" (meaning whatever it means in which ever context) hasn't caused for applications that were developed for Android is compatibility problems. Android apps are remarkably compatible on hardware that they were never tested on. There is plenty to hate about OEMs' craplets and "enhancements" - which comprise the more commonly held definition of "fragmentation" - but they have had very little effect on application compatibility. That's GPU "fragmentation." You have multiple hardware/firmware/driver implementations of OpenGL. Unless you prescribe a GPU and software stack, you will always find things that slip past compatibility tests. The irony of this is that, with Android 4.x and the Fragment APIs for scaling UI from tablets to handsets, Android is the only UI system that has sophisticated ways for apps to intelligently arrange their UI elements to fit all sizes of devices, and developers are, as yet, ignoring those APIs. The Android SDK includes a library called the Support Package (previously called the Android Compatibility Package). This library provides support for Fragment and related classes, and Loader and related classes back to Android 1.6. Even if you are targeting API levels lower than in 3.x, using the Support Package is a substantial benefit in organizing your UI code and improved concurrency support. As ever, you can set your minimum API level below the API level to which you build, and test for API availability at runtime, for any API in Android. Your mileage may vary. Myriad had been trying to sell their own VM as a "turbo" Dalvik, but, so far, no takers, that I know of, among handset OEMs. The thing is that Dalvik balances performance and battery life by aiming for fast interpretation plus minimal JIT compilation. One could easily show that the Oracle VM would trounce Dalvik at computation benchmarks, since it is aiming for best possible performance using a very sophisticated JIT compiler. But I suspect getting the Oracle VM to not suck your battery dry would be a challenge. "Free memory" in a garbage-collected managed language is difficult to measure. If you don't have to GC, the performance-minded choice would to not GC. Every computation costs battery life, so I would suppose Android's GC is tuned to not run if it doesn't have to. If you look at the specifications of system.gc(), it can be implemented as a placebo, like the "push to walk" button at the street corner. So even explicitly GC'ing isn't guaranteed to do anything. Android also has a strategy for "swapping" components within a process, and whole processes. This is, effectively, Android's GC strategy across processes. An Android system's memory, especially on small-memory devices, should always look full-ish, but you can almost always launch a new task, since GC and components and process "swapping" (the "destroy" phase of component lifecycle) and GC can almost always make room for more. PS: This is also why Android "task killers" are snake oil. You aren't low on resources. Let Java manage memory. All Android apps are subject to component lifecycle. Native code is no shield against a process getting reaped. The Android NDK provides lifecycle support even for all-native code apps. For a lifehacker article, that contained very little of pithy, "try it now" practical advice one expects from that blog. The death of the dreaded dashboard is very welcome, but "side navigation" is nothing but a half-baked transformation of the same idea into a pseudo-fragment implementation. Google+ is a particularly bad example how to do this. The Google+ layout is much better than it used to be, but it needs a real two-fragment layout on large screens, which it still does not have. Why have a layout that is half-hidden on the right, especially on large screens when two fragments could easily be placed side by side? Is is possible, even easy, to do a single code-base that "auto-magically" adapts to one Fragment object visible, or two, depending on the platform's choice of layout. The problem with dashboards is that they do nothing. Imagine slapping a dashboard screen on the top of the GMail UI: You would only interact with the dashboard to get someplace else. Ugh! A literally useless place. You always want to be someplace else. The problem with "side navigation" is that it is only a visual change. It tantalizes you with the idea that you are someplace else, sort of, with a mostly-useless, partly obscured view on the right. Otherwise it is the same as a dashboard. Everyone wants the ability to leave a strong supplier. On top of that, Samsung's road map for their feature phone OS, Bada, is very likely to point to a Linux-based OS. So everything Samsung is doing is completely normal. Ironically, Nokia closing the Meltemi project, which would have created a low-end Linux-based OS, shows how irrational Nokia's strategy has become in the cause of leaving no shadow of a doubt that Windows is only way forward that will be broached by Nokia's leadership. The article just brushes the surface of these issues: Web applications are appropriate for information applications. Not a surprise, since the Web originated in hypertext. Web apps are good for presenting and navigating ad hoc multimedia information. If the target of a Web app is appropriate, a Web app will be the least expensive way to go. Native apps produce the best looking, most touchable, and fastest apps, but be ready to pay to get results that are significantly better than a Web app. Make sure you are doing something that requires direct manipulation, and that takes advantage of how the underlying OS works. On Android, for example, make sure your app takes advantage of Android's fragment-based UI features, inter-app cooperation, and device hardware, if applicable. Cross-platform panacea SDKs like Titanium result in lowest-common-denominator apps. If you are considering Titanium, you should probably make a Web app. There is only a narrow category of apps for which cross-platform SDKs yield the best result. User interface is only the surface manifestation of OS architecture. Both Android and iOS have very distinctive userland technologies layered over open UNIX-like kernels. While a cross-platform SDK might give you access to almost all of both platform features, it is very unlikely to be able to abstract those features in a way that results in portable code. For example, Android's component-based app architecture runs very deep in Android implementations. If you subvert it, or plaster over it with an abstraction, you lose the ability to minimize your app footprint by having relatively small components "destroyed" or swapped out of memory in Android's unique approach to making Java memory management work across component and process boundaries. Windows 8 for mobile devices is yet another distinctive OS, with a unique kernel and similar, for still very distinctive managed language runtime, plus legacy compatibility. We're in an era of OS and managed language runtime innovation. Each one is striving to provide the optimal feature set, and that often involves the way in which apps and components of apps communicate and cooperate. plastering over the semantics of those large and deep architectural differences is going to result in a lowest common denominator result. Java is on a rocket due to Android. Now that the Oracle threat has receded, that trend could accelerate. The most interesting thing about the Nexus Q is that it enables sharing a device. That is, it has the ability to temporarily use accounts from Android devices. It can run Android apps, so it is, in fact, an Android device. It isn't tied to an individual. If this is well-implemented and secure, it's an interesting aspect of the Android OS that hasn't been exposed in other Android devices yet. If it is possible to build a similar system from the AOSP code-base, that would be very useful for people with a less-dogmatic idea of a feature set. Most other aspects are, as Pogue points out, full of WTF. Actually, that's because the designers of Android took the gamble of replacing the Linux userland with a touch-oriented layer built on a managed language runtime. They did this instead of trying to evolve it toward a vague goal in that general direction, or trying to drag along legacy apps. In hindsight, it's obviously the right thing to have done. But it was a gamble at the time. This is not succeeding: "The problem — really the only problem, but a big one nonetheless — is they couldn’t ever find a way to make those numbers grow. Nothing they did worked, and Rosedale doubts that even early Facebook integration would have helped." It has also stagnated technologically, since revenue can't fund a level of development that would open new applications or market segments, nor market such new capabilities. Second Life is a spectacular and obvious failure. It isn't a game (but it attracted all the trolls and griefers a game would attract). It isn't anything in particular. If you go to the site, there is a question: "What is Second Life?" Follow the link, and play the video. Now tell me if you have an answer. As a matter of national economic and technology policy, Finland needs a backstop to Nokia. And the world could use another open platform for phones. Privacy standards are much higher when you rent a house. Why should they be lower when you rent some bits? What I would add to this is: Understand component lifecycle. Understand it well enough to know you have to design your app around it, because you can't subvert it. Do this first. Do not write code before you understand this. A good way of understanding this is to override all the lifecycle methods in Activity and log them, then watch what happens. Understand that Android can "destroy" both individual component instances and whole processes. Understand that you can't thwart "destroy" by holding a reference. Understand Android's support for a data model in a sql database, abstracted by ContentProvider, and how to build an observer pattern around this. Understand Android's support for concurrency, enough that you know the limitations. The limitations of AsyncTask are hard to put in two sentences. It starts with AsyncTask referring to an Activity. Now let's say you create a configuration change by rotating your device, and the Activity you had is destroyed. There begins the tale of woe. Here is a good writeup: http://andreas-kluck.blogspot.com/2012/02/asynctask-and-asyn... The Android Support Package enables you to back-port apps written for the latest API level and using a Fragment-based UI implementation all the way back to Android 1.6. That's a great question. If you look at the set of classes that enable you to build an observer pattern on top of databases in Android - Cursor, Adapter, and View, you see that you can skip the ORM and POJOS in most cases where you are simply displaying data, with some minor processing that can happen in the Adapter. This works well in Android where each process's maximum heap is something between 16 and 48MB, and keeping your data model in a database is a way of continuously persisting it. There are exceptions. You probably would not want to build a CAD program this way. Instead you would take the performance hit to rebuild your POJOs after the component they are contained in gets reaped. Two things you can do about this: 1. Adopt a Fragment-based implementation design that uses layouts to automatically choose the right set of Fragments for each screen size. 2. Use the Android Support Package to back-port to earlier versions (all are supported down to Android 1.6) 3. Target API 15, but make your minimum API level requirement as low as 4 or 5. Test for API availability at runtime. It occurs to me I answered your question only obliquely: Android doesn't have ORM. It does have a database stack that makes ORM unnecessary in most cases. Two more things: 1. It might run. APKs support packaging more than one machine architecture for NDK code in one apk. Currently, there is built in support, in the SDK, for both ARM variants and x86. You can get add-on support for MIPS. Possibly others, IDK. 2. If it doesn't run and you have source access, and if the native code is all in C and C++, you can compile it by adding the option to generate x86 code. It will be packaged in the resulting apk file, and should be installable on Google TV, unless it uses other APIs not available on Google TV. The author misses at least a couple things that drive the success of Android, and may have been critical in the early stages of success: 1. Android was open enough that every chip maker for mobile devices and interactive embedded systems saw it as a huge step forward: no more crappy UI stacks licensed from proprietary technology providers. 2. Being based on Linux, having a liberal open source license, and having most of the code created by Google under this open source license, except for a suite of proprietary applications that are not a critical part of the OS. 3. Using Java and a familiar toolchain On top of which, though this is a subjective measure, Android is elegant. Android was a novel solution made by very capable people with a background that gave them good taste and good judgement. When I first saw Android, the first Macintosh immediately came to mind. Just like Macintosh, Android did things differently in pursuit of doing more, with less, in a mass market device. Forgot to check that. Good catch! Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good. Of course it would be preferable to have true structural separation in service providers, having a competitor that has interests that are not aligned with most content publishers is a pretty good consolation prize. While Google has products that overlap with legacy content publishers, that doesn't appear to have made Google enthusiastic about keeping bandwidth prices up, and content under tight control. That is a real concern. But the cure is found in faster service: With fast connections you can host your own services. What we really need is multiple competitors in connections this fast. "Google will have to offer cable TV for this to work." It isn't necessary to have separate bandwidth for TV. And any kind of bundling with Google Play would make the product a lot less attractive. If you can demonstrate you are productive and adequately grounded in general computer science, you should not have trouble getting contract assignments in a hot area like Android programming. You can use the contract assignments to build your resume. Or, if you have the means to write some apps for Android app stores that look good and get good reviews, you may be able to skip that step. Conventional mobile phones have become (some say they always were) Big Brother tracking and surveillance devices. The amount of surveillance your are subject to reduces the value of mobile phones. For some people, reduces it so much as to make them, even when balanced against their usefulness, undesirable. As for regressing 20 years, how often are you able to pick up an incoming call right away? Your phone is 90% of the time a mini Internet tablet, not a portable version of a land-line phone. The privacy issue isn't just theoretical. There is a blacklist of more than 3000 activist construction workers maintained by police and UK companies. Could the people on that blacklist have kept themselves under the radar by paying closer attention to communications privacy? I don't think the Bada -> Tizen transition is official yet, but Bada had a Linux-based road map, and Tizen would work on the kind of hardware to which feature phones are transitioning. As for it being an invalid or unfair comparison with Windows Phone, you have to take into account that the feature phone business is overall in steep decline. What might be called a "feature phone" in the future is likely to be indistinguishable from a low end smartphone. The difference will be that the feature phone's ecosystem is more-captive to the carrier's ecosystem, and that will support lower initial costs. I think there will be a class of phones that do almost all of the things a smartphone like an iOS or Android phone do, but that have an app and content ecosystem where more of the revenue goes to the carrier. Can't have a settlement without at least the threat of a suit, and "Let's just talk it over." probably did not get Apple's attention. I was looking at Google Maps the other day and mistakenly asked for the driving directions from Massachusetts to Taos, New Mexico. Absurd! It would take four days, at least! But not if your automated car can drive straight through: It would take a day and an half. Four fueling stops. That's enough not to need the loo built-in. With two passengers, the economics are compelling. Airlines better figure out a way to reduce the overhead around air travel or they are toast. It's a three hour drive to Taos from ABQ. Depending on where you start, there are no direct flights to ABQ. Flight schedules often require traveling during the day, and when you can travel at night, a seat that's comfortable enough for a good night's sleep is expensive. I have experienced two hour delays at the car rental desk at ABQ. There are many places where air travel is long and inconvenient. The US has poor rail connections from airports. Airport security adds uncertainty to making one's flight and making international to internal connections. Airlines have cut their redundancy to the bone, so cancellations and missed connections can turn into an extra day of travel, rather than just a changed flight. Of course, I hadn't considered stepping out of the terminal at ABQ and into a robo-chauffeured rental that arrives precisely when I'm ready to go. So perhaps the drive at the end of a long day of air travel turns into a restful nap. Still, being able to travel privately, quietly, directly, and whenever in the day makes it most convenient makes elapsed-time comparisons not always valid: Any distance where you could step into a robo-car in the evening and wake up at your destination would become tough for airlines to claim greater practicality, never mind comfort. The rant is a mixed bag: The state of Android visual GUI editors? Much improved but that just moves them from abysmal to shameful. Animation? General-purpose property animation, which debuted in Honeycomb is very powerful. LayoutTransition is less-general, but very convenient for transition animations. Declarative UI in XML is the worst possible way to do it, except for every DSL that's been tried. If you prematurely proliferate different layout files for different configurations, you are screwed. There is no solution, except to convince your designers they will never get the pixel-perfect results they get on iOS. Maybe lie to them and tell them they get only three size variations and two density variation: Big tablet, small tablet, and handset, plus hi-res and medium-res. Thinking through the likely consequences of "volunteer bureaucrats" should send a shiver down the spine of anyone designing a crowdsourced resource. Even without a formal system of recognizing the work such people do, their own gratification inevitably rests on wielding the power they have. So, yes, a system of meta-moderation, and preferably one that is mechanical and resistant to being gamed, is needed. As fascinating as it is to see emergent cultures in Wikipedia editing and reddit moderation, it ends up being dysfunctional, and that doesn't serve the goals of the communities from which those sites derive their value. I do not believe this debate will ever be fully resolved one way or the other. That is, there will always be things Web sites/apps are better for: Delivering free-form, multimedia information, especially when frequently updated. Or for relatively simple apps that benefit from pervasive access. There are also things that OS-specific apps are likely to be better at for many years to come: Apps that operate in the background without using a lot of battery power, and interactive apps that manipulate and organize information and benefit from the richest and most responsive user experience that is integrated with OS features for information and device resource sharing. OS innovation hasn't stopped. App development for iOS, Android, and Windows 8 hasn't even fully probed what those OSs can do for app developers in creating apps that work together. And the OS developers have not stopped improving their app APIs. They all have different approaches to interaction and application architecture, especially inter-app communication and cooperation. So not only will we see a continuation of platform-specific apps, we will see a lot of innovation in what those apps can do on different platforms, and a richer expression of the differences between platforms. "Write-once run everywhere" has zero value to the end user. They want the best Facebook/g+/Twitter/whatever experience possible on the platform they use. These technologies live in a very narrow space: 1. If you are delivering information that wants to be accessed everywhere, write a Web app 2. If your users want the richest interactive experience, write platform-specific apps 3. For everything else, use proprietary multi-platform app SDKs. What is "everything else?" That argument is a little circular. If a platform has significant market share, apps get ported to that platform. If not, it doesn't matter. Before there were Web apps, all software makers wrote apps for multiple platforms. Porting to a platform has a cost, but, for a successful software company, not a relatively large cost. Even unprofitable platforms are likely to be supported by some software makers as a way of erecting barriers to entry, or to speculate on the future success of that platform. Users will expect all the features of their platform to be well-supported in their apps. That's a tautology: users prefer a Web interface over sucky apps. Which says fairly little about what user might prefer when the apps don't suck. This is hilarious, and has been lampooned authoritatively by Steinbeck: ""I guess the trouble was that we didn't have any self-admitted proletarians. Everyone was a temporarily embarrassed capitalist." If Alibaba's allegation is true (as opposed to a more mundane reason, like a new OS is too crashy to launch), then it is a pretty big deal. Threats like that would make Android a lot less open if you have to choose between your relationship with Google and using AOSP. There are many good reasons to impose such an agreement: The more OEM "customize" Android phones, the most difficult it is to keep them up to date, and that, as another current story points out, leads to unpatched vulnerabilities hanging out there longer than they should. But, if Acer and Alibaba were making a different product, with a different ecosystem, where vulnerabilities would not be blamed on Google, that's not a good thing. That will have Amazon wondering if their ODMs are in line for a threat like that. The problem is there is carriers' money at stake. The carriers, and sometimes the OEMs, get paid to place crapware on phones. Regarding "Just like many graphics chips, this processor does some black magic to boost performance and Intel doesn't want to give any clues to competitors..." One reason it's common for GPU makers to be secretive is that there is a very big risk that GPUs and their drivers violate patents, and the makers of these products want to make it as difficult as possible to ascertain whether patents are being violated. They won't even broach the topic because that would draw them in to willful infringement. So a proprietary OS maker like Microsoft can conclude a deal with IMGTek and give them all the secrecy they want, and Linux is left out. Apparently even Intel can't get IMGTek to open up. Intel probably doesn't want to complicate their negotiating position with IMGTek by saying anything about whether Intel's GPUs might be sufficiently power-efficient to go into mobile parts. There is a lot of money, and a lot of product viability at stake. Intel GPUs have open source drivers. While it is unlikely that there is actual cash-per-tweak in handset look and feel, Samsung got a lot of business with Verizon by providing an iClone-ish Android product. So even when the carrier isn't getting paid to place an app, the carrier controls the channel (in the US), subsidizes the handset, and dictates what the OEM puts on their phone. The most accurate comparison might be with Microsoft's "Signature" line of PCs sold at Microsoft stores. They carry OEM branding, but no craplets or OEM mods. Instead of trying to build a Nexus brand, it might be more effective for Google to emulate the Signature program. I believe Swartz's point is that 10TB of data is not something you can build a self-perpetuating bureaucracy around, anymore, and that this implementation is, in fact, simple enough that it can be made available and maintained for a tiny fraction of the cost of JSTOR. Are you suggesting the case against Swartz is as serious as a burglary in Cambridge, Massachusetts? Or less serious, since he did not damage a lock or deprive the owner of the use of anything? Or is your argument that this is legitimately a high-profile federal case? If I were Google, I would release the whole suite of ecosystem apps wherever I can get them to run, including iOS, and all the significant Android-derived OSs: Kindle Fire, OPhone (OMS), and Aliyun. Android doesn't need the crutch of app exclusivity. The shortsighted aspect of this is that our government wants to order businesses to become spy-friendly to foreign governments that have a track record of stealing economic, industrial, and scientific data. Foreign governments will model their laws after ours, and specify the same interfaces. The article contains a common error: "Every iPhone comes with iOS exactly as Steve Jobs intended, which means developers know precisely what they’re getting." On Android, that's not the problem. All Androids, as uglified by OEM add-ons as they might be, are highly compatible with applications. All Androids running the same API level of Android, even the Kindle Fire, run all the applications that use those APIs. There are optional APIs that some apps depend on, but those dependencies are also completely unrelated to OEM customization of Android. The problem is that "customized" Androids are hard to upgrade. That means that, while all the iPhones that can run iOS 6 will be running iOS 6, there are many many models of Android devices that will never be upgraded to Jelly Bean. And that reduces the value of a lot of the Android installed base relative to Apple products in the field. Running a customized Android means that the OEM, has taken on the responsibility of upgrading. In the case of phones, the carrier may have their own software load and so they, too, now sit on the critical path to an upgrade. It isn't FUD. Google is behaving inconsistently with what they say, and that makes Google a less-than-reliable partner in open source cooperation. Acer was slapped down, yet Haier, also an OHA member, makes both Aliyun and Android devices. Google claims Aliyun is "incompatible" and also claims Alibaba is stealing apps, or, at least, distributing them without the developers' permission. So, which is it? Numerous OHA participate in the OPhone OS development and use. OPhone is roughly equivalent to Aliyun, and is used by China Mobile. Ophone good, but Aliyun bad? The problem is arbitrariness. For each one of Google's justifications for yanking Acer's chain, there is something in Google's track record that is inconsistent. Citing the pharma industry as a strong patent success story is a dubious place to make a stand. There is a lot less good science behind pharma than most people think: http://www.ted.com/talks/ben_goldacre_what_doctors_don_t_kno... If you think "This is borne out of a massive incorrect assessment of the pharmaceutical industry. It takes a tremendous amount of money to bring a drug to market, billions." you might also think Hollywood accounting has anything to do with the actual cost of making movies. It really depends on what you mean by "programming." Following some dullard's waterfall plan to put sludge data in one server into a database of sludge on some other server would make anyone depressed. Writing books, consulting on multiple interesting projects, and being well-remunerated is a very rewarding way of making a living. Can't complain. In May, Google announced the expansion of the Nexus branding to multiple OEM partners simultaneously. LG has recently shown off a Nexus phone, and one can expect more such announcements. Nexus now resembles Microsoft's "Signature" branding for craplet-free PCs. All reasonably recent Nexus devices get upgrades directly from Google, much like iOS devices. Also, not all OEM extensions are evil. Samsung's mobile device management extensions can be very useful in some use cases. If only we could get such extensions a la carte. This is a relatively old question on Stackoverflow, and Dianne Hackborn's answer is authoritative as usual. To sum it up: Don't worry about global free memory. Your app can use up only a relatively small part. More accurately, each component (Activity, Service, etc.) of your app with the attribute can only use up to 48MB. Usually, all your components are in one process. Within your process, Android will "destroy" (null all references) to components in your process and recreate them to optimize memory use. At times, Android will destroy every component in a process and delete ane re-create whole processes from the saved state of each component. This explains why PIDs are not reliable for tracking android app resource use. Your tasks (the components on the back stack starting with the task root, which is the component that was launched by the Launcher) are not tied to one process, nor one PID, throughout their lifespan. This applies directly to the conditions of workers in the US. The kind of uninsured workers we discuss on this board are young and healthy. The bad outcomes are rare. But they do happen. If you expect your young coders to work without benefits and little pay, you should know the risks you have placed on them. The market for mobile Windows 8 is embryonic, and will remain so for longer than is relevant to a Nokia turnaround. Windows 8 is for high-spec phones, and will take several years to move down-market. It isn't the high-end phones that drive a million Android activations per day. Windows 8 tablets are even less able to turn Nokia around. The game therefore has already been won or lost. This was foreseeable. Windows CE Core was never competitive with Linux. Killing Meego looks like a career-management move. It could have been a bridge, at the cost of casting some doubt on Windows as a strategy. Nokia could still buy Jolla, but that would be a hell of a climbdown. That seems awfully thin-skinned. Having written a couple books for programmers, hate mail is just part of the landscape, and the more your own tastes and opinions come into play, the more there is for people to disagree about. Sticks and stones, etc. Ultimately it's not crucially important. But it's also unnecessary. And if you don't have Google's resources behind your behind-closed-doors development, you could be missing out on community contributions. Buying a patent portfolio attached to a troubled hardware-maker is hazardous for a company like Google. But if Moto didn't make Android devices, this story would have no link to Android. Maybe there is a wider story in that Android strategy hasn't been consistently good or effective. Mixed messages about what Google will do with Moto made OEMs nervous. Prior to Nexus 7, tablet marketing wasn't brilliant. But everyone should be so feckless as to bumble their way to 1 million+ activations per day. There should be plenty of time to test them now, to see if they are dangerous, and to see if they were correctly calibrated while they were deployed. Right? Predictable analyst is predictable: Buying Motorola saddled Google with all the pain of a badly run OEM staffed mostly by people Google would not hire. I hope the patents are worth the pain. As for Android, it has had the effect of making Google the leader in mobile ads. Otherwise, might Apple, or Facebook, or Amazon, or Microsoft, or some independent ad network be the leader? And then we would have analysts asking why Google didn't make a phone and own the ecosystem. Hernan Cortez didn't burn his ships because it was prudent. He did it to give his crew no choice but to follow him. Had Cortez and his men died in the jungle, that would not have been regarded as a bold act of leadership. The difficult part of making an e-ink Android, or applying an e-ink display to a general-purpose platform is that the way screen-drawing is implemented has not been designed with e-ink in mind. The display might either seem "flashy" because the full screen is blanked and drawn for every update, or the screen gets "muddy" because the graphics stack isn't keeping track of how many times a screen areas has been rewritten without being reset. Page-at-a-time updates, like those between pages of a book, are the most compatible with how e-ink works. Wait, it gets worse: once you have basic updating working, you face having to modify a lot of UI widgets that, for example, use smooth-scrolling, which would muddy-up an e-ink display. You could start by nerfing a lot of animations in Android, but I'd bet you would still encounter implementations that are not as clean as to use up-to-date animation implementations. You would have to size the job by looking at every standard widget's implementation and factoring out the parts of that implementation that are hostile toward e-ink. After all the widgets are clean for e-ink, you then have to take a look at some user interactions: Dragging a "thumb" to scroll through a list might be quite tough to do well no matter how it is implemented. All the contender OSs listed in this article have a Web runtime for applications. All are making the same bet, that Web apps are ready to take on "native" apps. One thing that sets Windows 8 apart: Windows has a mature application runtime, the Common Language Runtime, that is roughly equivalent to Android's Java-based application runtime. Aliyun is derived from the Android Open Source Project (AOSP). In intent and execution, it is much the same as OPhone, which is another Android-derived OS used in China. Neither one violates licensing terms for AOSP. There are many devices that make use of AOSP for a wide range of purposes, from the well-known Amazon Kindle, which competes with Android, to in-vehicle systems you might never know run AOSP. If you look at the Open Handset Alliance membership, you will find several that either sell OPhone devices, or develop and integrate OPhone system software. And yet Google objects to none of that. Curious, no? In 2001 I got a beta of the .NET Compact Framework on an HP PDA, linked through Bluetooth to an Ericsson GPRS-equipped handset. In 2001, I was surfing the Web with a real browser and writing applications in a Java-like language using an IDE with powerful refactoring and debugging features. In 2001, I had in my hands, and Microsoft had in their product line, all the basic ingredients of Android. Between then and now, Microsoft failed to restructure Windows Mobile around .NET. Failed to make anything out of their purchase of Danger. Launched the Kin. And now may be too late with Windows 8, although Windows 8, the application technologies it contains, and the UX formerly known as Metro make it a worthy competitor. Imagine if it had 11 years of evolution and app development behind it. This all depends on what is meant by "dead." There are many businesses, like minicomputers and 370-architecture mainframes that continue to be large money-making businesses, but that have no mind-share because there is no upside, and nothing new to be done. It looks inevitable to me that PCs will stop being a consumer business. The only people who will buy them are people who need them, plus some remnant who are too used to them to change. Why has Obama been going to Florida? The only reasonable answer is that he is looking not only at the snapshot numbers someone like Nate Silver does a good job of reporting, but the trend, way ahead of current polling. Campaigns are very numerate. For the same reasons, Chris Christie and Michael Blomberg feel safe throwing Romney under the bus. Content publishers in the recorded music business are the biggest abusers of content creators, with crooked contracts and phony bookkeeping. They hardly represent the rights of creators. _"it's almost breathtaking to realize that a dragged-out Linux will close out next year as the single most relevant and dominant OS on Earth"_ Two things about that: 1. The price of admission to the OS business is to come up with a better kernel than Linux, with better driver support. If that price is higher than the benefit a new kernel will deliver to end-users, it won't happen. 2. The center of gravity in OS innovation is in the managed language runtime and middleware, where Android has done a great job (while Microsoft failed to capitalize on the userland power of the CLR, MSIL, and C# and other CLR languages). "There's a limit to the number of different platforms one can support" I keep hearing that. However, I don't think customers care as long as comparable products from developers who have decided that a platform is part of their market develop products for it. That is, not every ISV can, or should, cover every platform. Some should specialize in only one platform. Some should shoot for market entry on "less crowded" platforms. Quick poll: Which is worse... a) Battery-aware HTML5 apps b) Having a save command Android's APIs enable easy implementation of a sqlite-based data model, where changes are always persisted. That doesn't solve the problem for things like CAD that need an in-memory object-oriented data model, but the Android support for observer patterns can be wrapped around any data model, and the ability to quickly, which means, in practice, incrementally, persist changes is driven by both Android-specific issues like needing to respond to lifecycle events quickly, and by general mobile considerations like a battery that could fail unexpectedly. In other words, you need to solve the "don't explicitly save" problem for reasons ranging from "it's more robust" to "it fits Android UI conventions" anyway. The news story there claims the first step in this scandal was that Paula Broadwell's yahoo account was compromised. That's not too hard if you can guess her password hints. The next step, it seems, was sending some trolling emails. That requires acquiring or just guessing some email addresses. The people who got the trolling emails set the discovery of the affair in motion. Well played. But did not require a 133t hAx0r. Android is designed for multiple screen sizes and resolutions. The vast majority of apps can cover every variation with three or four sets of layouts and graphical assets. Android API levels are also well-verified by compatibility tests, and so result in excellent app compatibility across devices that have passed those compatibility tests. Hardware variations outside of screen geometry are covered by manifest declarations for apps that rely on certain hardware, or runtime tests for apps that have features that are conditionally available, depending on available hardware. In other words, for 95%+ of all apps, device independence is readily possible, and if it isn't attained, it's because the developer did not use Android's features for managing variations between devices. In most cases it is simpler yet: A port from iOS lacks the flexibility in layouts and use of graphical assets a native Android app would be born with. If you don't address that issue early in an iOS-to-Android port, you're going to have a bad time. If Google's roll-out significantly more expensive than any other type of facilities-based build-out? In fact Google's product is rational: If you are going to bother to build out in a competitor's territory, you want to get all of your competitor's customers to switch, so you need a disruptive product. That doesn't quite make sense. Mr Torrent has no real-time requirement. So, shape his traffic when other customers are streaming. At 3am, when nobody is using your network, torrenting HD movies is no problem. 4k video. It's here, now. Still camera resolution is also not going to stop expanding. The cure for discontent with digital audio is more bits. Hangouts that approach a sense of telepresence. There is no shortage of high-value, broad-market cases. The good part: Android has really good API-level compatibility across official and AOSP-derived Android systems. Even Kindle Fire is highly compatible. These terms appear to be aimed at maintaining that level of compatibility. Also, these terms do not prohibit SDK extensions or plugins. So, if you have an API you want Android developers to use, you are fine. The bad part: The terms are vague and could readily be used for evil, arbitrary, witch-hunts. "Fragmentation" is undefined. And Google has a history of wielding agreements, such as the "Anti-fragmentation Agreement" some OEMs have entered into in arbitrary inconsistent ways. The worst part: It makes Google look paranoid, like Sun and Oracle. Android is conquering the planet. Chill. You can shape packet flows at the GGSN. GGSNs are edge routers and that's where features like traffic shaping are usually available. It is unclear relative to both the text, and Google's intent in choosing the Apache license, which is a "liberal" open source license in the sense that it is nonrestrictive. You can fork, keep your source code unpublished, etc. Google choose the Apache license to give their OEM and carrier partners as much freedom of action as possible, while making Android an open source system. Having recently been on a jury, I wish airport security was as hassle free as a courthouse in Massachusetts, where my bag was x-rayed with my laptop in it, and I walked, shoes on, through a metal detector. I also agree that, in practical terms, security at a courthouse faces many more real-world challenges than air travel. That should tell us something about appropriate levels of security. A Metro-fied Office would have been very nice. It might have even "made" the product as a tablet with a new kind of UI. Another thing I find difficult to understand is why not have a Metro-fied implementation of C#'s (and other MSIL languages') base classes. Then you would have something like Android's architecture independence and a considerable based of apps. That's a general error, such as claiming there is no right to travel, or freedom of movement in general. You have the "sense" of rights backward. The reason internal passports would be unconstitutional in America would be that the restriction of freedom of movement is not a power delegated to the federal government. That's why in the BoR it has words to the effect "this is not an exhaustive list of your rights." > Passive CCTV is one thing. Massive spying on unrelated civilians is another. By that you seem to be implying we don't have both This is a bit of revisionism. Windows tablets, and tablet support in Windows, have been around since Windows XP. It was unsuccessful every time it was tried. Saying "no" to tablet support was, in light of Microsoft's experience with tablets, the right thing to do. So far the vast majority of top-level comments on this thread slag the article for hyperbole. But it is very likely true. Although the installed base of Android systems is small compared to what Windows has piled up over ten years of near total hegemony, Android's market share is growing at a rate that makes Tomi Ahonens's prediction a very good bet indeed. Remember this prediction, and start acting on it now. My prediction is that two years from now Hacker News will be full of posts about how nobody predicted how pervasive Android has become. I can picture the scene: CEO seated at fusty mahogany desk says "Eagles, jet fighters, and crew shells aren't selling to these 'millenials.' Hire some hipster models and get some 'edgy' copy!" There is a problem with "A cull of core users" Before this point, Canonical sold support as their approach to monetizing their investment in creating a distribution. Data collection, applying analytic, and selling user data is incompatible with both the free-to-use Ubuntu community, and the enterprise customers. Canonical has fundamentally changed what the Ubuntu brand means, and that is reflected in people finding that good alternatives exist. An Android phone would be the most rational way for Nokia to stay alive, and would have been the right decision at any point after their S60 business started to decline in the face of competition from Android. There was never a reason to bet only on Windows Phone. No other OEM has made such an exclusive decision. Nokia's app store, music, maps, and other infrastructure/ecosystem pieces are unique among mobile OEMs and applicable to the Android platform. I hope it's not too late. That's a very fair point. The main reason to think "Android" is that, after killing Meego, then pivoting back and starting Meltemi, and then killing Meltemi just after the project had been staffed, I'm not sure where Nokia would find developers for a third non-Android Linux-based OS. I suppose it could be a TV. Short answer: No. Longer answer: It will take a lot more work to adapt Java SE to mobile devices. Android Java has had years to refine this adaptation. For example, Android's JIT strategy is very different from from the Java SE JIT. While there is nothing in this that is insurmountable - the source code is all there - it does take resources and commitment to catch up. At this point, Android Java is the de facto interactive Java application environment, not Java SE. Many of the top Java best-sellers on Amazon are Android books. And there are products available for running Android apps in OSs other than Android. It is much harder to position a book than it used to be. Online documentation, both first-party and third-party, is far better than when O'Reilly started publishing. This makes beginner's books a difficult market, and there is a glut of books for beginners. So you have to make an intermediate/expert book, for a more-demanding market, that hangs together over several hundred pages. You have to get the market to be aware of a non-beginner's book to capture a large share of the people who stay with a topic long enough to need their second book. And you have to do it quickly on short money. ...or getting you on the same list of subversives he is on. Stallman is no fanatic. He favored a different business model from licensing proprietary closed-source software, and in many area his views are not only correct but essential. Don't mistake consistency for fanaticism. In crypto software, for example, you can't be "a little proprietary" and be trusted. Sometimes there are no shades of grey. The "anti fork" agreements Google has with OEMs are not public, but some terms of these agreements were made public in a lawsuit involving Skyhook: http://www.theverge.com/2011/05/12/google-android-skyhook-la... What it boils down to is that Google has a final approval over any Google-logo Android device. For phone OEMs, this looks like absolute and arbitrary control by Google, but, in reality, it's a three-way negotiation between the OEM, Google, and, in the US, the carrier controlling the channel for the product, with any one of them able to sink a product before it reaches the market. Google has never seen fit to make licensing terms for Google's ecosystem apps (Maps, Play, etc.) transparent. That's a pretty sharp contrast with Android as an open source project, and even with the way Windows Mobile (not Windows Phone) was licensed. So Android is open, on the one (AOSP) hand, and un-transparently proprietary on the other hand. That leaves an obvious market opening for a truly open OS. But, so far, Tizen, Open WebOS, or any other possible contenders have been insufficient and/or under-developed. Maybe Canonical will get it right. YouTube was an optionally pseudonymous social network (with subscriptions to feeds, followers, comments, etc.) built around videos. I am not a big YouTube user but I can see people who are really into the culture of YouTube being torqued about having that culture re-engineered. I don't think the complaint is overstated. The issue is the usefulness of community patches and contributions. Opening only released code makes those kinds of community involvement mostly impractical. It isn't as if there isn't a model for community contributed patches for Google products: The Chromium projects take community patches and have a code review workflow for them. I don't know how effective this is, or how many end up in Chrome and ChromeOS. But it's not as if opening up more is not do-able. > This is meant to prevent forks that break compatibility. Like that chinese company that made their "own" phone OS. That was just a fork of Android, but not perfectly compatible with the Android SDK. I don't see a distinction between what Aliyun is doing and what Amazon, OPhone, and Cyanogen are doing. Aliyun was, after all, accused of making Android apps available for Aliyun without the developers' OK. So Aliyun is as compatible as Kindle Fire. There might be some reason Aliyun is different, but, so far, nobody has actually shown such a difference. What's bad about this is that Google is putting a fence around code they have made available under the Apache license. At best, this article is overwrought analysis. At worst, it's fabricating unlikely scenarios. Samsung has been diffident regarding Tizen, and quite unwilling to commit a level of resources that might draw Google's attention. NTT Docomo was the most high-walled walled garden, with a Docomo-specific app runtime and other tightly bound ecosystem-technology links. More recently, docomo has had to accomodate Android smartphones. It's likely that Docomo sees Tizen as a platform for defending their garden walls. This is not to take away from the accomplishment. Getting Tizen to market with a top OEM and a top carrier ain't chopped liver. But neither is it a strong indicator of continued success beyond that Samsung will support Tizen as long as Docomo orders handsets. It says nothing about whether US or European carriers will pick up Tizen, or whether any of Intel's plans for a Tizen ecosystem will come to fruition. On top of all that, the question "Will Motorola rise..." is an appendage, without a single link to reality, least of all any indication that Samsung is less committed to growing their Android products. This is interesting, but is it usable? Do you have space on your table? Would you snuggle up on the couch to watch a movie with someone with this held between the two of you? Does it fit down your hallway without turning it sideways? Would you need a butler to carry it and hold it just right for each task? This is just an object lesson in why Windows 8 is an answer to a question nobody asked. There is an interesting part of this video that illustrates just how hard multi-user multi-touch is to do right: Note that the scene of the girls "fingerpainting" is faked. Why fake it? Drawing programs are very modal: You have one brush, with one set of properties. You have one selection you can move or operate on. One property sheet to edit. Etc. Except for games with their own interaction framework, most OSs assume one user with one selection in one document at a time. It may seem like a trivial change, but true realtime collaboration on a single screen seems to demand a UX system designed to support that. Two things about that: 1. And it's clearly technically possible... 2. If it can be made "properly"... Consider how hard it would be to turn any particular app that assumes a single user into one where two people can operate on the same "document" or "world" at the same time. I figure you need a UX system with that concept baked into it before you even start writing those apps. If by brilliant you mean "less incompetent" then, yeah. Any site, such as Yahoo, MSN, AOL, etc. with a large number of users and multiple properties that touch social network features like posting (images, videos, blog entries), comments, followers/friends/groups, etc. could have grown a social network the way Google is doing. Google tried to do it as a standalone product, with Orkut, and failed, and then they correctly realized that by integrating the concepts of "posting" and "circle" into all their properties that have similar characteristics, they would succeed. Yahoo tried this half-heartedly and failed. I'm sure others went halfway, without discipline that enforced implementation in multiple Web properties, and failed. Google is integrating more systematically than these failures. Before blaming OEMs, look to Google for leadership, or lack of it, in supporting Android as an open system by encouraging open drivers and documented peripherals. Google has wielded the "Anti-fragmentation Agreement" as a whip to keep Android OEMs from straying into temptations like Aliyun. Surely a bit of love for AOSP-based Android distributions that grow the system integration talent pool are within the scope of not being evil. There are three ways this article gets it wrong: 1. It fails to divide the market into price bands: Android dominates from $100 to $300, above which it splits the market with Apple. 2. It fails to note that Apple isn't attacking the $100 to $300 price bands. 3. It fails to note that the $50 to $100 price band is dominated by Samsung and Nokia feature phones. Is Apple going to expand in that price band ths year? Is Series 40 ready to defend against cheap Androids? Yeah, we know what's actually going to happen here. This is true as far as it goes. Nokia and Samsung between them hold most of the under-$100 price band in mobile phones, so it's not just Asha but ultra-low-cost phones where Nokia is holding ground. But this is no longer most of the phone business. Nokia used to be in a class by itself, with 35% of the whole handset business worldwide. That is down to something like 5%, and that part is the low-margin business, so margin contribution makes that picture even worse. The bad news is that $50 Androids are coming and $90 Androids are pretty good. That's right in the Asha price range. _Theater! Why that is a degree option at a university_ Maybe because theater is a big business. Disney makes Broadway shows and Cirque du Soleil is a billion dollar business. But that's beside the point. High quality university education is not trade school. If you have a liberal education you should be ready for a wide range of tasks. Out of all the possible risks of the Singularity we decide to prevent profanity and cynicism first. Not a good start. Here is the killer quote: "I’ve no information on the likelihood if an Android OS will ever have an official desktop version, but then neither does Microsoft." Pumping up Android into a desktop OS, although it is theoretically possible, makes as much sense as dragging a bulky decades-old desktop OS into tablets and handsets. The article also lacks technical depth: The speculation might have even been fascinating, though still baseless, if it compared, for example, what it took to make Android multi-user versus a hypothetical desktop multi-window UI with all the attendant lifecycle modifications. I hope the future looks like there isn't one answer. Apple's answer has been hugely successful, and so has Google's and they are not the same, even if they contend on the same classes of devices. It looks like US carriers are going to give a QNX-based OS a chance to keep Blackberry in business. Being able to carry a full desktop OS in your pocket and dock it to a big screen is something that makes sense for Windows Phone and is a stated goal for Ubuntu. It looks like B2G will pick up the HTML5 Web runtime in phones torch later this year. Anything that runs Android 4.1 and comes with Google's apps (Maps, GMail, Play Store, etc.) and has capacitive touch should be OK-ish. You should be able to find a 7" tablet like that for the price you are looking for, but they will be from obscure third tier OEMs like "YuanDao N12 Deluxe 7 Inch Android 4.1," or "Teclast P76e 7 Inch Android 4.1," to give two examples I found. The screen resolution will be mediocre. Don't expect software updates. If you can afford it, buy a Nexus 7 instead. For twice the money you will get a tablet that gets timely updates and that you will be happy with for at least twice as long as a craptablet. The under $100 category has improved a lot in a year. You can get Android 4.1 and Google apps for that price now. Even cheap tablets have capacitive touch now. Screen resolution will still suck at that price. That's over $20 per month. That would buy several premium content subscriptions for "traditional media" such as The New Yorker, Netflix, Hulu Plus, etc. and quite a bit more "new media" content. For some of the content, it will be difficult to make the case that traditional media cost structures have to be maintained. Android is both cheap and very good. A Nexus 4 stands toe to toe with iPhone hardware and Android 4.2 is the best designed and most innovative OS in wide use. Nexus branding makes it easy to find both good Android and good pricing (even scalper's pricing is hundreds of dollars less than an off-plan iPhone). If the gripe is with cheap devices with trailing-edge versions of Android, both Google and the OEMs can share the blame. Google could do more to eliminate excuses OEMs have for not keeping up with the latest versions, and reward the ones that do with an expanded Nexus branding program. But consumers still have the choice of buying Nexus devices. It looks very interesting, and it looks like they did it the right way, by porting the Dalvik VM, system server, and the suite of processes like SurfaceFlinger that make up what one could call the "Android app runtime" to Windows. That is in contrast to putting all of the Android OS into a virtualization container, which is what it appears Bluestacks does. There are some interesting challenges to that approach, but I believe they can all be overcome. It will be interesting to see, if, for example, you can run Android JNIs or if the use of JNIs requires re-compiling to create .dll instead of .so files. Very very interesting in any case. Might be a simpler explanation: iPhone had the longest head-start in the US. Users, developers, and designers all have an iPhone bias because, for a few years, it was the only new-generation smartphone. For many users, there is simply no reason to switch. iPhone is a really nice product. Tablets are a more-competitive situation. I can see someone switching to a Nexus 10 or Asus from an iPad. But there, again, Apple has a huge head start, and many users will find too little reason to switch. That would work for MBAs and perhaps JDs, but why tip the scales against, say, a med school that produces great GPs but not many cosmetic surgeons? A money-based measurement is also heavily canted toward the "old money" set and their legacy admissions to their alma maters. Money isn't everything. And often it isn't even accurate at measuring how well a school equips students to make it on their own. A cynic might predict Harvard's building plan that was suspended for the financial crisis will soon be back on track. Maybe the problem is that, for many kinds of education that are useful and/or beneficial to society, money is a poor measuring stick and market forces are not a desirable influence. The effect on GPs you describe is already driving a health care crisis in the US. We may be left with an overhang of specialists who will surely argue their education should not become a "stranded asset." It's a good bet many people reading this forum today downloaded and/or linked to leaked Stratfor, HBGary, and/or Britam dox. Do you think they should be charged for doing so? One of these predicted dire consequences is not like the others: "Low-fertility societies don't innovate because their incentives for consumption tilt overwhelmingly toward health care. They don't invest aggressively because, with the average age skewing higher, capital shifts to preserving and extending life and then begins drawing down. They cannot sustain social-security programs because they don't have enough workers to pay for the retirees. They cannot project power because they lack the money to pay for defense and the military-age manpower to serve in their armed forces." I'm surprised the author did not complete the circle of irony and claim we need to project power because of low birth-rate China. In prinicple, anything worth having is worth having in a Android-native touch-optimized implementation. But... There is a lot of software, especially on a formerly hegemonic platform like Windows with a decades-long history, that will never get ported or functionally recreated. Most of it deservedly so, but some some of it is going to be valuable enough to enough people that a compatibility system will be just the right thing because a reimplementation would take too long and/or cost too much. Until we come to grips with what will likely be a post-labor world, this is a good transitional approach. The 40 hour week is an arbitrary standard, and it may now be rational to reduce that number. Few jobs are now so arduous that 70 year olds cannot perform well. We are suffering from outdated standards for work weeks and retirement age, and un-sticking our assumptions is likely to benefit the situation. Copyright infringement is very different from theft. First, if you copy one of my books, say from someone who bought it in pdf format from the O'Reilly site, you have not denied the owner access to his paid copy. You have not robbed anyone of a physical artifact with a measurable cost. Second, such as act doesn't even rise to the status of "theft of service." It isn't like sneaking into another movie theater after watching the show you paid for. You are not taking up a physical seat. At most you have committed a tort. The problem is these tiny torts have been criminalized. But that doesn't make them any more significant than they really are. How insignificant are they? So insignificant that simply by telling me you will write a review, I would give you a copy for free. Quantify it: how was I damaged? If you lie to me just to get a free copy, how do I distinguish moral crime comitters from well-intentioned potential reviewers who never got around to it? How many of them should I pursue as thieves? What effect would that have on attracting reviewers? Stamping "MORAL CRIME DOER" on the forehead of people who have taken something weightless, incrementally cost-less, and that is marketed by giving it away to people is like turning jaywalking into a felony. The irony is that if copying my works was economically significant - if, say, I made an ERP system and a customer failed to pay maintenance fees - my recourse would be to sue them for the tort of not meeting a contractual obligation. The law already has a measure in place to prevent stupid cases: Is it worth suing over? If not, just move on. Currently, removing an individual permission from an app will almost certainly cause an unhandled exception, since having that permission makes security exceptions for the corresponding API calls unexpected. This could be changed without breaking existing apps. Google could modify Android's app model just slightly, to enable apps to declare in their manifest that they support "a la carte" permissions and then enable users to select individual permissions. To work under this new permission model, apps would have to test for permissions, or handle security exceptions - small modifications. I think this kind of change would be well worth it. For example, I prefer to trust the OS is preventing location tracking than that the app developer is being honest about turning it off in a setting. Where shall I send it? I'll even inscribe a hard copy for you. That's a $44.99 retail value. More seriously, there is a lot of evidence that promotional copies sell books. You could buy, or ask for a promotional copy of Guy Kawasaki's book about making books. It's about self-publishing, but his experiences with promoting and marketing books apply to any book where the publisher's marketing budget is very limited. There are some other effects I can count on: That readers of HN are fairly likely to not bother to take something they won't use, because they value their own time. You are only a hypothetical pirate, and your question is hypothetical, too. In the real world, piracy behaves much like promotion. But, you may be thinking, what about entertainment products? It's been shown over and over that "pirates" are also top-ranked among paying customers. Is there a real-world case that piracy reduces revenue? If you get past the hypothetical cases, it's much harder to say so. tl;dr: Google isn't saying for sure, other than that Google Fiber isn't a "loss leader or publicity stunt." "What stops any country that's adopting it from simply forking their own version?" Nothing. Anyone could start their own bitcoin2. But new instances of a digital currency cannot debase other instances. So that isn't a viable way for a government to capture bitcoin, or to debase the value of the original bitcoin. In fact, were I running a banana republic with a worthless currency, I'd be tempted to try using a new "bitcoin-space" as a currency with strong protections against being debased. But that has plusses and minuses if you are a government. The reasons people are using this particular instance of bitcoin is that it was launched successfully enough for people to have sufficient confidence. The mining mechanism is one key element. "Sure. But if you give them all away, what do you sell?" The anecdotal evidence Guy Kawasaki bases his advice for self-publishers on is that giving away books is always good. My publishers have signing events at conferences and give away case-loads of my current book at these events. Amazon sales always spike afterward. In practical terms, that tipping point seems to be very far out there. If he had stopped at "Hmmm, there may be some cause or causes of lung cancer we're not paying enough attention to." that would have been fine. I do not know if Vertu was ever run at a profit, but, evidently, their new owner thinks it is possible. The future prospects for Vertu are probably on an upward trend. If they can keep the software on their devices updated, a nice Android phone should have a five year lifespan before it is hopelessly out of date and unable to run new versions of the OS or lack the peripherals to support new features. The size of phones, and screen resolution might be stabilizing. Several years of incremental improvements to power efficiency and other parameters will still add up to obsolescence. But, eventually, phones may become more like wristwatches. I have worn the same watch for more than 20 years, and it was made to last. The largest similarity to Windows is that Android has the potential to be as dominant on tablets as Windows was on PCs, and that tablets could replace many if not most PCs in business settings. The answer for buttons in multiple layouts is to factor out common parts of a layout. That is, before adding a button to several layout files, find the big chunks of layout shared by multiple variants and create a single layout file for each significant chunk. Now you have one place to modify. What's REALLY harmful is code that goes like this: if (portrait) orientation = VERTICAL That is guaranteed to be wrong on some device. The road to that inner ring of hell where testing on dozens of devices is a vain quest for "good" code that makes decisions about layout is paved with code like this. But if you let the Android system choose among layout files, the chances for a pathological decision about layout are greatly reduced. "I still don't understand the tablet form factor. I concluded that it's not for me some time ago, but am waiting for the general population to come around to one glaring flaw: you have to hold it." What you have obliquely hit upon is what makes tablets destined to be the center of workplace computing. You CAN hold it, like a notebook or sheaf of paper. You can walk around with. You can also lay it on a table and type on it, or use a keyboard with it for sustained typing for most office tasks. The deskbound will be left behind when everyone else is walking around, and will suffer tribulations. No! There are now Ubuntu Store apps (they used to be called "Disco" apps but they had to stop using that name). Ubuntu Store apps have to use a new L&F and can't use inter-process communications and have to be vetted by Canonical. Kidding! I'm kidding! Put the pitchfork down! The name Android was inherited from a pre-product company Google bought. The logo was copied from an old video game. Neither were intended to be a brand. Android as a brand is a legacy of Google's geeky days. Not that that is a bad thing. Android is a nifty fun technology, and having a name that's more fun than "OS Flux Version 7" is good. Android phones always had a Google logo, and the original branding strategy was for Android to be in the background behind names like "Droid." Android only became a brand because Google has so much more mind-share than mobile OEMs. Android fading as a brand is, at best, a a sign that the Google ecosystem and OEM brands like Galaxy are coming to the foreground. At worst, it is a sign that Google has lost control of branding and that the Nexus brand has been rolled out too slowly. One problem Google faces is that OEM brands come with OEM bloatware that is 90% useless. Samsung's mobile device management extensions are the only OEM "innovation" I can think of that is actually a useful improvement. While there is nothing wrong with pre-loading thoughtfully curated software, there ought to be a "reset to Nexus state" icon on every Android's home screen. Conflating OEM bloatware with brands is a very bad outcome. What percentage of the workforce do you expect shares your requirements, or the rough equivalent? Probably about the same as need to build a machine for their requirements. People like you used to be the whole PC market. Now you are less than 5%. I would argue that 95% of the PC market constitutes a kind of "overshoot" of success, since, until recently, there were no alternatives that could overcome the manufacturing efficiencies of PCs. 95% of the PC market is made of users who don't need PCs (meaning Computers they Personally control), and their PCs are locked-down and use trailing-edge versions of Windows. Only Jolla Sailfish and Microsoft Windows 8 have a coherent platform strategy that does not rely on the wishful thinking that HTML5 will become so popular that it will be a powerful locomotive pulling Linux+browser Web operating systems into the market. Based on seeing carriers being willing to ship some of these unlikely OSs, there is a market opening. Is anyone ready to take advantage of it? Wearable computing, in general, is unlikely to be as successful as a tablet with a great capacitive, finger-friendly touchscreen and a UI designed for fingers. The modern tablet is a true breakthrough. Wearables are potential new market, and there is some excitement around the fact that both Google and Apple will enter that market soon. But wearables are far from a sure thing. For one thing, Google Glass has a voice user interface. Google's speech recognition is the best there is, but on alternate days it still veers from astounding to laughable. The most compelling application, face recognition, has a high creepiness factor, and Google probably won't touch it even though I would be first in line to buy if I could pick everyone in my contact list out of a crowd. I hope nobody is surprised to find that B&N's management is not incompetent and has made the correct decision: B&N can't become a viable player in e-books and e-book reading devices, much less media and media playback devices in the broader sense, which is likely required for success. Bookstores will continue to decline, but there is a place for the last man standing. College bookstores are dominated by B&N and focusing on where you are winning is a good decision. At best, Microsoft could buy Nook and the B&N e-book infrastructure and turn it into a software component for Windows 8 devices. At worst, it's doomed to not become viable. If Nook does become viable it will do so mostly outside the US. Re "only an idiot would care about made up 'achievements'" Napoleon said about military medals: "With such baubles, men are led." And yet, even in this forum, you will probably find some people eager to explain how that's not the same at all. In designing any system of incentives you have to figure in, or be fortunate to get right, how irrational people are about incentives. The market is a darwinian engine for optimizing irrational responses. Sometimes that's brilliant, and sometimes it isn't. What you say about price is sometimes true, but Amazon has proven trustworthy, so they end up being the vendor backstopping a short list of specialists. For electronics I try Newegg first. For cables, Monoprice. For espresso machines, WholeLatteLove. If I can't find a specialist site with good prices and a good reputation pretty quickly, Amazon gets the deal. There are some categories where Amazon is a really bad shopping experience because they do not properly police vendors who "spam" a category so that finding the best price in a search is thwarted by pages of redundant listings. But for "stuff I might buy at Target but Target probably won't have as many choices" Amazon is tough to beat. Or you could say "for stuff that people are not passionate enough about to support an obviously good specialist site that can match or beat Amazon prices..." It is unlikely to be a Java ME VM under this. It is most likely Java SE or CDC. A comparison, with Android, of VM performance and battery life would be interesting. There might be some "mobilizing" of SE that they got from SavaJe and applied to this. In theory it can go 2-4 orders of magnitude higher. The value of all bitcoin now is about the value of a dozen tons of gold, or about 1% of the gold backing SPDR. Bitcoin is still minor-league, but it's knocking on the door of being significant. It will be interesting to see if any major governments freak out about bitcoin, or if any governments embrace it for, say, selling oil. I'm surprised this hasn't been mentioned yet: Ubuntu was able to cobble together Ubuntu Touch running on Surface Flinger as a compositor. There are limitations to that, including lack of really working support for multiple monitors. Mir may be designed to fill in the deficiencies of Surface Flinger for use as a compositor for Ubuntu. That might make project scope controllable enough to think it could succeed. Mir is likely to be influenced by Canonical's experience using Surface Flinger as a compositor for Ubuntu Touch. Imagine the conversation at Apple or Google: "We can bring a tablet to market that has file extensions in the user's face, and a command line, and part of the UI needs a pointing device." "lolwut? You're serious? Get out of here!" Microsoft is still dragging too much untablety legacy tail to make a successful tablet. Courier was the right idea. Windows everywhere isn't. The result wll be a rearguard that only slightly slows the decline of the PC by dressing it up as a tablet, and leaves Microsoft without a competitive tablet product. You can see this in sharp relief in the market failure of the ARM-based, neither-fish-nor-fowl Surface. Re "Tablets are not replacements for a full computing environment, and never will be." How many PC users actually use or need "a full computing environment?" Like all git novices, they forgot "git add." Re OpenGL: If I understand this https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MirSpec correctly, libhybris is what is currently used to cobble together the use of SurfaceFlinger as a compositor for Ubuntu Touch. Ubuntu intends to pull this compatibility with Android's HAL, more specifically the GPU drivers, into mir, which will enable mir to be binary compatible with GPU drivers written for Android, which support OpenGL. Mir has specific goals for hardware and binary driver compatibility and Canonical has demonstrated proof of concept by using SurfaceFlinger as a compositor for Ubuntu Touch. The number of deaths is a poor measure of harm. One reason is that trauma care keeps improving. So there are now a large number of amputees and brain-injured soldiers that would have previously died. Cars are getting more survivable, and almost certainly safer, too, but do numerical comparisons with numbers from the past remain valid in light of external influences on these outcomes? In this case, improvements in trauma care may mask both brain injury from lack of oxygen and serious disability from gun accidents in this comparison. Or we don't know the methodology and they could be counting ER visits, which might provide a better comparison. Iowa Electronic Market is run by the University of Iowa. It seems to be accepted that it isn't gambling and it isn't a scam. While Intrade might have been mismanaged, there is nothing fundamentally dishonest about a prediction market. I really don't understand the attraction of "making the one thing." Chrome/ChromeOS and Android are very different. Neither is going to supplant the other. They also have some clashing goals: Chrome wants to be more security paranoid than Android. In theory Google can find Android malware authors, cut them off from access to Google Play, and kill bad apps in the field, while Chrome is exposed to both malevolent and hacked Web sites. I see harmonization as more of a product management activity than any particular technical choice. Visual programming. This time, for sure. Benedict Evans is usually very sensible. But this time he's way off. Samsung isn't anywhere near being able to replace Google's ecosystem, which has been getting much stronger over time. Google Now, for example, is going to be as important as Maps and navigation in acquiring and retaining users. Outside of China, where there are at least two Android derivatives growing their own ecosystems, only Amazon and, on a much smaller scale, Barnes & Noble have Android derived products that are sold without Google's services. I have often criticized Google for being hard to work with for second-tier OEMs. Many of those devices that go without Google's ecosystem built in do so for no reason except that Android licensing is so opaque. Perhaps Google will now stop leaving money on the table. All they have to do to expand their "share" of Android is answer the phone. You may very well be thinking "The PC cannot and will not be replaced." For some tasks that is true. But, the same can be said of mainframes. They still are there, and still make big money for the remaining makers. But they are not relevant. PCs will continue to be used, but with sharply attenuated relevance. What do I mean by relevance? Ask yourself: "If I am pitching a new venture, and there is a chance Microsoft will get into that sector, are my chances diminished?" 10 years ago, nobody would invest if Microsoft made noises about getting into some sector. Today, investors might not even take that into consideration. "What if the next version of Windows has that built in?" isn't a relevant question. I'm not as old, and MIT's LCS and AI lab were well-established by the time I was an undergrad. But I do feel privileged to be there close enough to the beginning to have written code for some of DEC's oldest products and seen, firsthand, how venture capital and software intertwined and grew together. Maynard does a great job of articulating the perspective that growing up with computing imparts. I think it is no accident he is making Android code. It's a system you can learn about inside and out. It's elegant in many of the same ways Macintosh was in 1984. It's enjoyable, which is important when you could just decide you are too old to code. Re " How the hell do we measure a police department's effectiveness?" I don't think it's that hard. There are a set of crimes, like burglary, mugging, and armed robbery that are at the core of the quality of life in a city. Clearance rates for those crimes, plus a survey that measures reporting rates, should give a pretty good measure of a police force. Arrest rates, unless they are in these categories, tell us very little. The focus on flat vs skeuomorphic is partly due to designs being mainly static drawings. Most UIs have additional dimensions. One dimension that goes underused in Android is the ability to share UI among apps through the use of intent filters. That hasn't advanced much since Android was announced. Both Google and 3rd party developers under-utilize this powerful capability. Google makes a vast suite of apps now, and how often do they "borrow" an activity from each other? Then there s the amount of direct manipulation in apps. Viewpagers are nice, but there isn't a lot of drag-drop, especially on tablets where it provides feedback and trains muscle memory. Audio ques, haptic feedback, animation, etc. are all dimensions in which apps can expand interactivity where the visual interface, on handsets, is tiny. Skeuomorphism that is just pictures of things is obviously dissatisfying, but so is a flat UI that doesn't go beyond simple touch. There is a serious concern in that. Spy agencies buy and commission zero-day exploits. Compared to the cost of satellites, they can easily spend so lavishly that exploit authors have an incentive to worm their way into open source projects. That quite a bit less direct than buying or commanding a back door in a proprietary product, but it's going to be difficult to defend against. It will be interesting to see if such shenanigans are ever uncovered due to the "many eyes" approach. There are several things wrong with this analysis. First among them is the supposition that Android is rudderless without Andy Rubin. Android has won, on mobile handsets, in an explosive way, in the past three years. It is time now to consolidate that victory. Android has a whole other area to conquer, in tablets, in the workplace, displacing PCs instead of feature phones and failed smartphone platforms. What Google product already dominates in PCs? Chrome browser. If Google simply knocks the rough edges off the process of becoming a Google Logo and/or Nexus OEM, Android is going to continue to mop up the remaining handset and tablet OEMs and expand into PC OEMs entering the tablet business. Maintaining the blistering rate of Android versions with meaningful innovation will not be easy, but there are still plenty of units in the handset and tablet world to conquer. Android is a very sweet OS, and the app environment has proved to be very attractive, but a huge part of Android's value is in Google's proprietary suite of apps and the Google ecosystem those apps access. Indeed most of that value is in the ecosystem. Having Android apps is surely a worthwhile short cut to consider if your aim is to compete with Google, but if you don't have Google's ecosystem, you need, at least, an ecosystem as big and rich as Amazon's. And if you have such an ecosytem, you have to ask if your would't rather have your own app environment. This is unlikely. Samsung and Intel need to learn how to cooperate on Tizen. There is no agreed Tizen road map. No unified governance. HTML5 is an unproven, and some would say disproven, mobile app platform. Browsers, compilers, SDKs, and frameworks are immature. There are no success stories despite several tries. Samsung, and its likely carrier partners, have no ecosystem comparable to Apple's or Google's. The only 3rd party ecosystem success story is Amazon with the Android-derived Kindle Fire. I believe it is possible to compete with Apple and Google, but Tizen is not close to being able, as it is today. At this point Tizen is well behind Windows Phone, Blackberry, Sailfish, B2G, and even Ubuntu in being ready to compete. Having a decades-long duopoly will be boring in many ways, so I hope somebody gets their act together. But it's serious business. Hobby projects will go nowhere. Android is a lot more than look & feel. In fact Android was pretty homely looking at first. But it was always beautiful on the inside. Android is apps that share UI, using intent filters that launch Activity objects. Android is a Java VM, including a unique bytecode, and jit and gc, and that's good at multiprocessing, and that's appropriate for battery powered devices. A lookalike launcher that launches apps written in C++ that can't do what Android apps do is not going to make any headway in the market. In fact it is kind of silly to emulate Android's launcher style. There is nothing, apart from familiarity, that makes it especially good. Android's app runtime technology has become the de facto client Java technology. Anything that is going to credibly compete has to have something at least as compelling going for it. Re "people really want to put Android on PC's" I think you can generalize to say people want Android in form-factors Google hasn't got the time to provide. Or look at it this way: Google TV could have been an "Android PC" OS but Google TV isn't developed in the open. Initially, it didn't even have install-able apps. This seems like one of those cases where more openness would be to Google's benefit. You can get Ubuntu pre-built for Pandaboard http://www.omappedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu_Pre-Built_Binaries From the article: "On Tuesday, it was confirmed that approximately 20 percent of the applications in the BlackBerry 10 App world were in fact, re-packaged Android apps." Why aren't 99% of BB apps Android apps? The key is "re-packaged." Blackberry is SO close. But you can't take an .apk file and install it on a Blackberry. That's putting a huge bottleneck around getting Android apps.