Hey a game! Disclaimer: not a native english speaker, i might lack vocabulary and do some grammar mistakes. 1/ I have no idea of what a protected group is. A discriminated group however, depends on where you live. Erythreen jews in israel are discriminated against by the “dominant” group (white conservative isreali). Chinese suffer discrimination in some parts of India and Philipines, while people from Philipines suffer some in China (sorry, no idea how englsh call them). Past oppression is only relevant if some discrimination is done because of this (Hello Rwanda). Let’s take South Africa. Past oppression was relevant even after Nelson mandela because the culture was still related to the apparteid. This is less true today, so this is not as relevant now (my question: how did you not figure this on your own? Do you like asking leading question that much?) 2/Leading question, again, nice. None. But people in discriminated groups should have an easier time joining profession that brings power or visibility, so related to law (even if it is as paralegal), politics or television, or company management. Again with the S.A example, the culture changed because there were more and more black people in courthouses, politics and at the head of national companies. The fact that there is some racial inequalities there come from class inequalities (not the subject here) and not racism. 3/ What agenda? 4/ None. I don’t see your point there, it might be lost in translation. 5/ What? Why would you punish statement made at work? Except if there is a client (let’s say, the state want to buy your product, and you say “public worker are paid doing nothing” to his face, get ready to be fired or put in a closet). Is this a leading question? 6/ Victims are defined by law in my country, i don’t know about the us though. I’d define “offensive” a statement that i would not say out loud to all my friends or family. Like “i find that any theism is dumb as f…”, which i would never say to my grandmother, despite being my real feeling, is offensive. 3rd part is a leading question, but my response is that i do not care about you and you can tell whatever you want to anyone, but if you say the previous sentence to anyone and get called out, i would not help you 7/ I’m not advocating for anyone, but i can see (in my country anyway) that some people (obese people) have it worst than anybody in some places (hospital mainly). I defend them orally with my friends and on internet when i feel like it (not often in english though). Well, since i’m 20 i don’t really hang with anybody that would judge people for their looks (because its tiring /time-consumming to defend people i’m not related too for no reason but my personal ethic) but i did that. 8/ Do you know that apostasia is punishable by death in pakistan, but not in other countries (tunisia come to mind), and in some, nobody cares. So it depends on WHERE you live, obviously. Do you feel that in USA/UK, the way most of the people treated Cat Stevens/Yusuf Islam when he choose, after nearly dying twice, to change his religion, was justified/ subjectivly fair/fair isn’t the question? Where i lived, no one cared about this. So probably MORE protected if you live surrounded by dumb a-holes, about the same else. 8bis: Sorry about the passive-agressive subtitle there, i might have no personnality and just mimic the way of expression of the people i’m talking to. 9/ Well, you can see my response in 6/. Yes, there is studies that make correlation about IQ and how religious people feel, still, making any remark about that out loud (or on a forum where religious people gather, on a video about gregorian chant) is just rude. 10/ Depending on where you live, discriminated people are not the same, so i don’t really care. I spent entire vacations with my racist cousin, we had no problems. He is quite honest with his hate and while i disagree, i still quite like him. Honestly, most of those are leading question and i decided early to go away from people i perceive as manipulative, so i would never hang out with you anyway, but we could coexist just fine. 11/ No, i don’t care about the majority, i’m old enough to think on my own. 12/ Sorry, how does work safety come with guilt and social pressure? I think this is manipulation, but w/e. Guilt and social pressure are sadly two educational levers, that are used and abused with children in school quite often (and in dog training too). Using it against adult are less effective, but it still works for some reason. I do hate this way of doing things, but whne i was a youth camp consellor, i had to use social pressure to make activities run smoothly. I’m still feeling guilty about it. I disliked doing it because i feel this was dishonest, even if this was the easiest way to get thing started. Those questions being a bit dishonest, are you feeling a bit guilty about it or do you feel its fine being dishonest to try to convince people they are mistaken (or do you think those question where objectively honest and i’m mistaken)? It was an interesting game, thank you. Its not really a bad choice, but writing really good c++ is hard (sightly less with the newer versions, but still). You can use the same performance tricks that a C dev will use to make your code faster, plus a whole lot of new tricks, some doing exactly the same thing (but not the same way). This is not a problem if your team is used to work together and have a common codebase they already wrote together, for for OS project (like linux), its a bad idea. And in my opinion, writing optimized c++ code is waaaay harder than writing optimized C code (almost each time i had to optimize c++ code, it ended looking like c with classes and weird pointers)(Disclaimer: i'm bad with OOP, it might be just me). Anyway, Google is supposed to have good c++ devs, with experience coding together, so this is not a problem for them, i think. Another issue is that the compilation is slow compared to C, but i don't think its an issue for Google either. [edit] Yes, binary size can be a problem too, forgot about that. But if you only use basic libraries, i don't think your binary will grow that much, right? Disclaimer: while i'm not a physicist, i happen to date one working for plant security/contamination at Areva. The claim about 70k tons of nuclear waste being uranium is frankly misleading. The author have to be aware of this, so i will not expand the discussion (because it could give him credit), but please be aware that the main part of nuclear waste is contaminated equipement, so very much not uranium. In France, we consume several tons a year of screwdrivers hand hammers, and while our yucca montain equivalents are working, this is still a pain in the ass to get rid of this stuff. Maybe someone can explain how John Oliver is wrong, but please don't trust anything this guy write. i don't know much about nuclear waste, but if i am aware of this, there is no way a "specialist" is not. Yes, but most of nuclear waste is metal and plastics. Screwdriver and stuff. The guy that wrote the article either don't know anything about nuclear plants (well, less than me so almost nothing) or is misleading everybody on purpose. Either way, wait until someone reliable and knowledgable talk about this to forge an opinion, this is bullshit to me (and im a pro-nuclear guy) Elsevier taking "too much" money is incidental, and not the main problem in science right now. And this Scihub solution do solve this incidental issue and more, but this is a fraction of all the issues in science (i can't explain this very well in english, so i won't, but the eastern/western culture clash, ego war, bureaucraty, lack of good HR that lead to depressed/apathic scientist, and the publishing race are some other issues not solved yet). But this is not communism (i know lot of people in the US are confused by this, even the people that call themselve communist) but rather anarchism ("Libertaire" in french that is a left-wing libertarianism) with the idea that science is one of the common good. This new-wave anarchism take some old idea from Proudhon and enhance them. So you let behind the idea that private property is evil, but private property of the common is. You have the idea that people can't own what is used by other people. So you can have a hundred appartments in a big city, but you can't rent them. You can sell them, speculate on them, but you cannot rent them. And since it is anarchism, a more distributed/less powerfull government is needed too. On the point of "no private ownership of the common good", this seems like communism, yes (Communism come from anarchism somehow), but communism is the idea that the state have to regulate this, scihub is not on any level a state initiative. Sorry for the messy thoughts again, conversationnal english is a bit hard for me Well, he earn his life well enough, have a really decent and cheap healthcare, and free education for his kids, what need those millions would fill? Honestly, in any european country, winning around 60k per year (as an employee) or 100k (as a business owner), if you are not living in Paris or London, is enough to provide you a carefree life. You don't need to sell yourself for more. While its a false generalisation, most of modern philosophers specialized on morals/ethics whether they are utilitarists or not agree that excluding the intolerant (more like banning intolerant behavior) is beneficial for the "common good". From an utilitarist point of view, this isn't even a question: intolerant behavior leads to less people being happy (not even talking about hypotethical fights resulting of intolerance, just people feeling excluded), therefore it should be banned. But the abandonment of free speech by _private_ company, while worrisome, is very understandable. Internet and the SV made everyone more utilitarist. A lot of CEO (or website owner) think that way: it may not be very legal, but since it reduce cost and make more people happy than it make people unhappy, it should be fine. But from an utilitarist point of view, intolerance have a huge cost and create more unhappy people (not talking about violence, just people being the target of this intolerance) than happy people. Therefore, intolerant behavior should be stopped if there is some possibility. Now, of course this was a mistake, but this mistake is understandable. (I'm more of a negative utilitarist myself, but this work the same way) The thing : #1 was wrote by Popper, a rather known utilitarist (well, negative utilitarist: every action, instead of optimizing overall happiness, should aim to decrease overall pain). There is a lot of modern philosopher that agree with this as well. This is a catchphrase, it doesn't refer to what you read but to the reflexion behind (like "i think therefore i am" refer to cartesian doubt and that you can doubt of anything except the fact tht you exist). HS: The main issue with that, a sentence that resume an "essai" (don't have a clue about the english translation), is that people that do not know what philosophy really is. Let's be honest, if it is taught as well in the world than in France, almost nobody knows. So most people misunderstand what it really means, while some of the other use this knowledge to put people down. Even writing this, i'm pedantic, and i really don't want to be, so imagine someone who like feeling full of himself? And that way, more and ore people hate philosophy and philosopher, and get disinterested. (i wrote like a hundred lines about philosophers in French media, but i'm sure no one care so i will refrain...) Holy cow. Great job. Sadly i'm busy even on weekends atm, but i'm bookmarking this and i will try to contribute when i find some time. I don't really like facebook, but the two reactions (putting it down and putting it up again) were appropriate. The first one show that the algorithm do its job, the second show that a human factor still exist. However i agree with the poster: if facebook do not put a mean to reach out in the put-down email, this is a mistake that should be fixed. I'm not using facebook (not since they had this anti-adblock stuff), but if it is always the second item for everyone, it should be quite easy to hide with a small greasemonkey script (that you don't even have to code yourself, someone probably already did). For the first question: https://github.com/ProtonMail/WebClient For the second, it is unlikely, spying on third party app is not in the ToS of android, and if google (or any big tech company, really) is caught doing something not in the ToS, it will cause a PR shitstorm. I have a Proton Mail account since 2014, but i never really used it. I might give it a try again today. You can't search content. This is the main reason i had trouble switching to ProtonMail in 3 years. I think the reason for this silence is mostly because this already have been reported on HN. And if PC and indignation is used by some as a "see how much of a good person i am", this might not be the case for everyone, especially on HN. (first time reported here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15471570 ) I agree with you in your comment that point that these disguised insults against trump are inappropriate here (saying this more directly could have better effect imo). But please, you seems to be a good guy, do not fall into the Tribal trap, whether it is "i must defend m own even if i'm wrong" or "He has opinions from the opposite side, he must be wrong on everything else". The people this man hang out with AND this symbol he wore are enough evidences that he support, even if it is a little, Nazi ideology. Since nowaday, nazi ideology has several sides, xenophobic, antisemitic, racist ant anti-feminist (i might forgot some), he might agree on at least one, and if you're dead set on defending him you can say he is only xenophobic or something, and the other part of neonazism, he doesn't support, but are you really believing that he wore this to say "i'm anti-communist"? If he did, he must have been seriously misinformed (and anyone this out of touch, honestly, deserve to be kicked of of any job that require you to understand history). Please do not go tribal on Hn. Yeah, i'm not from america but i'd favor a theory similar to 9/11, it could have been stopped but incompetency and paperwork allowed this to happen, hence the non-disclosure. Incompetency explain this as well as conspiracy, and respect Hanlon's razor: "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity". harassment is not always sexual harassment. Now i think she read way to much into his emails but honestly, i would never work with a guy like this. Either he is "socially inapt" like other commenters said, either he is a very manipulative guy. Tis is NOT a case of sexual harassment. He might be unknowingly threatening (best case scenario, the one i believe), or downright manipulative, either way she do not want to work with him. He joined her on the project and she offered to give him 2 of the 3 tickets then he started his passive-agressive emails. I got those from people i worked with too, every time i just left the project (mainly because it was never mine). This type of passive-agressive behaviour exist very much in tech, mainly because this behaviour is related with self-entitlment and goes well with smug personnalities. I always found it funny that the word "libertaire" (french translation of libertarian), come from the word liberal with the word "proletaire", and is now used to qualify some members of the american far-right. It was used to criticise liberal anarchism (Proudhon) because it was not socialist/egalitarist enough, and later inspired Marx (who built his theory of communism with anarchist fundation). So people in US that call themselves "libertarian" could change their names to "communists cousins", really. Well, if we are talking about recent great medical advances, i think Spain and France are leading right now with the discovery of CRISPR. And i'm pretty happy about this, if it were discovered by an american pharmaceutical company, no other laboratory would have even heard of this before a patented product hit the market, and every research on the subject would be subject to a patent too. Not if poor people have to work double hours to be able to live decently. I won't go deep onto the working mother issues (single mother with two job or mother with 2 jobs and a father with one but doesn't do anything with the kids as it is a "woman job") or how people working more than 50 hours a week is a net loss in productivity and a costly public health issue, but these problems can be solved with high enough minimum wages or universal income. Reading Marx (or some explanation of his work from different point of view) is interesting. I think most of his critics do not apply to this world but he do have an interesting point of view and adding some of his ideas into your personal philosophy. I found really good critics of Marx from a rather liberal philosopher. I forgot his name, it was at my college library, but i'm pretty sure that if you are interested in philosophy and in economics theory you should read some of his work. Well, i installed an IRC (well, mattermost actually,a glorified IRC) where my friends and i can discuss and keep everyone updated on latest news on tech and games. Honestly it's better than facebook (we can send each other snippet of code) and no one have to change the default setting to receive mails only when something interesting happen. Well, i feel its moral for me to pay all my taxes, and even though i also give money to charity, i don't use this fact to reduce my taxes, because i feel a lot of people need this money way more than me. This is socialism. But i could choose to pay less taxes, and i don't. Honestly i'm pretty happy with socialism right now, i lived in the bottom 20% for 23 years and still got to go to the hospital to get surgery at 3 y/o, my little brother did not die from his appendicite and my mother breast cancer was detected before it spread too much. I never suffered from malnutrition and access to free education allowed me to get into the top 20% with no debts while attending social gathering and studying in other countries thanks to erasmus. I agree that i don't have the choice on what my taxes will be used for, and this is a problem, but the other choice is to count on charity? to pray that everybody will act like homo economicus and take rationnal decision on how to improve everybody well-being without being greedy and acting like children? Sicilian orphanage is what you get when "charity" is in charge. I'd rather pay taxes and have the state manage that tbh. Now if someday, everybody become smart and decent enough, i would totally agree with you to ditch socialism et start a liberal anarchy. You could use less spite and disdain for your comment i think. You probably already know that convincing yourself that your outgroup is dumb and unqualified is a tribal ego-boosting technique, but a reminder never hurt. Well i actually got more from the government that what i put in, but at this very moment, i certainly give more than what i get, and even with kids in the picture i'd still give more. And even when my overall contribution to my country will be highr than what my whole family got (and it will eventually happen), i'd still be happy to pay my taxes so that other kids can have the same chances i had. I believe in meritocratic society and i don't see how to achieve that without socialism and some taxes until everyone stop being petty, greedy and/or self-centered. Then we can all be libertarian. Finally i'm an utilitarist (well, a negative utilitarist following Popper's definition) so my moral values are not abstract. I wish people stop with this glyphosate in food. The traces we cand find aare in small quantities and even if you eat the same quantity of lead, you should still be fine. The issue with glyphosate is the volatility, the fact that it stay in the ground, it can be absorbed through the skin (hence bad for farmers and people living near farms) but at least in europe, the quantities you can ingest are too small to endanger you. The fact that the main arguments of anti-glyphosate is this flawed argument, lobbies can easely convince the legislators that this argument have non-scientific ground (obviously) and should be ignored. Irak war was also a political loss, and the "reconstruction" (almost alone, without inviting former iraki interest holder, like Total, or emerging country like Russia and/or China) was a moral, political and tactical mistake, and made the US loose a lot of cultural influence imo, at least in France and Germany. But i agree that the confirmation bias in the article is obvious. Then, as it was said in another HN comment, make ISP liable like facebook and twitter are. They have to detect and prevent DDoS from their customers, detect and prevent malware, as well as child pornography and stuff. If they want to look at what you're sending and receiving, they should be liable for it too. If a law allowed all post office to take a look into your personnal mail, they should at least uses this power to prevent criminal activities. We trust the website we give our information to. It is https-based (else my browser will tell me) and probably using an ORM that will 99% of the time hash my password. But the javascript layer... Sorry, call me paranoiac, but i will never trust the javascript of a website. With no webdev experience, i was able to inject js (almost by mistake) three years ago. Moreover, is the js communicating with the backend using https too? How can i check that? Are those js library on the website server, or are they hosted by a third party? I can trust them, but how do i know that no attacker was able to modify those scripts? Yes, those risks are small, but i'd rather have ublock making those risks closer tho 0 than not, am i wrong? I disagree. Some of my friend and me were able to implement by ourselves RB tree algorithms by the 18th day of our month-long formation, and only one of us knew how to write code before this (and we almost reached his level the day before, when we implemented linked list algorithms in C). After this formation, we were able to write a hashmap algorithm that handled collision in less than a day and a half. I honestly don't think we would have been able to do the same if the tools we were given during our formation were python, php or javascript. I don't think resolving the philosopher dinner problem in Go can teach you much. In C, it does. The biggest advantage C have is that you start from nothing, so you have to understand everything. I would not understand BTrees this well if i did not first understand linked list. And i think the thing that taught me the most about OOP was writing a raytracer in C. I don't think anyone should go with a language that allow him to do bad OOP. In my experience, this lead to poor code in the beginning, even when this person is one of the most brilliant you ever met. People that learned with C (Pascal too) piss more straightforward code on average, and have better debugging skills. And they are more "aware" of the computer. PS: I did go C, assembly (had to rewrite some libc functions) then emacs lisp (before trying to write stuff in Common Lisp). I don't think going assembly will help a webdev much (even if he work mostly on backend), but lisp is definitly helpfull for anyone. Assembly is great if you like having some fun, but beside CTF and "that one time" (i had a really nasty C bug), the stuff i learned while writing assembly were not really usefull to me. From what a saw, exceptionnal people aside, those who learned to code with a language favorising bad OOP (most OOP languages, maybe with the exception of Lisp) write nasty code. Especially when they work with a language like javascript, but even with c++ or Rust you can easely find abominations. Everybody should learn proper data structure before learning OOP. I don't like Go, but i'd much rather work with an intern who was first taught Go than any OOP language, even one i like. OOP is a great tool, but people that learned with it have the tendancy to use it poorly and everywhere, and to use abstractions of abstraction when this is not needed. Maybe for you, it was not an issue, because you were brilliant enough, but for average devs like myself, it is. True. Glyphosate opponent target the fact that everybody ingest glyphosate (and that's supposed to be bad). But the dose we ingest (at least in western europe) is too small to be really dangerous, and i think this arguent is a bad one. However, i am concerned about farmer and gardener using the product, as well as kids living near them. Most natural pesticide and herbicide show bad affect on young people brain developpement. I would be really surprised if a chemical, more potent one was harmless. copy the spreadsheet, modify some code because the need is sightly different (or the spreadsheet need adjustment) and voila. Either it works just fine on the first time, either you just begun a one hour debugging session. To me excel is just fine, except when its not. A French bank lost 6 billion ten years ago because one market maker made false entry on a spreadsheat and no one in the back office noticed for more than 2 years. And the back office was not at fault here. (At least php usage allied with miscondonct never made a bank lose 7.2 billions: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/01/30/socgen_hack/ ) I kinda understand what you mean, but i don't get why it is relevant in this conversation, do you mind being more explicit? It's the second time rape is evoqued in two days, so i'll add my personnal anecdote. Both my parents were social workers, my mother as a psychologist, my dad as youth camp director (Not a summer youth camp, more like a permanent youth camp that help children (6-15) with difficulties manage their homework, organize football/basketball tournament after school...)). This line of work made them befriend a huge variety of people, especially a prison counselor and a judge specialized in minor protection. Well, the discussions when they came home were "fun". One of those discussion was about a young man who raped a young girl. The judge said something like "it's the first time i felt guilt and compassion from a rapist". It was disturbing, so i asked her to tell me a little more than this, and she told me that at most, rapists regrets being caught, regret "not being able to control themselves" but she can never feel sentiment over the victim except jealousy. The prison counselor and my mother agreed, and my mother even said that the boy might be either a really good faker, either an extreme case. Later i learned that the boy had a schizophrenic episode and was send to a mental hospital rather than prison (as he should). I have nothing to conclude this, but i do think personnally than most rapist should be on watch after a prosecution, and should be really costly. I don't think they can reform, and the only way second crime to be safe from them is to take them out of the society (aka long prison time). It's bad for german power in the EU, but i don't think it's a tragedy for the EU. The UK paid more to the eu than what he got back, that's a fact, but the right to trade European currency is what made the City this powerfull (compared to Paris, Franckfurt, Zurich). I'm pretty sure the taxes on income from displaced trading centers will make up for the "loss" for EU budget. Also, the skill loss for EU is almost nil, while UK will lose europeen skilled workers (and those contribute a lot to GPD). No its not, UK leave reduce EU negociating power, and isn't good overall. On the other hand, EU does not lose a lot of specialized workers with UK leave, so it will have little impact on industries (maybe in biotech and in finance). A German leave, on the other hand, would destroy EU economy. Grandparent is right however, in France, most people see that as a good thing (i don't). Exactly. I have nothing against adwalls or paywall, i might even pay to read the article if the quality is here (hello wsj). But i choose what's going onto my browser/computer. Someone remember this time when Forbes put an anti-adblock wall, then distributed malware-infested ads to some of its users? This is the reason why i use noscript: i don't trust all third party websites. When forbes infested its clients thanks to a third-party ad network that distributed malwares[1], i was smiling with shadenfreude. Maybe i'm self-righteous, but since 2005, blocking ads is for me a way to protect my computer. [1] https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160111/05574633295/forbe... Project you can follow that link Unix comprehension, security and programming: -implementing malloc (C) -implementing nm and otools (C) (basics options only) -implementing a ftp server (a fork for each new connection) or a basic IRC-like server (maybe using ring buffers, and only non-blocking I/O if you want to write in C) -implementing ping then traceroute (in C obviously) (and nmap if you really want to push it). In security, do small and easy challenges, like nebula (less than a day if you already know your stuff, i'd think maybe ~3 if you don't) and protonstar (i already knew some of the exploits and it still took me 4 days). Don't do those challenges alone, find a friend to help you: a second brain can think of new solutions and allow you to explain what you want to do (and just by explaining you'll get closer to find why it doesn't work, or why it does). The other challenges are not worth it if you just want to get how basic security work imo. At my school we then had to program some stuff like ptrace or strace (i don't remember which), it's pretty helpfull too, and it help a lot understanding gdb. Ah, and prior to the challenges, we rewrote a small part of the libc (strlen, strlcat and stuff like this) in assembly, and it was pretty helpfull (decompilers are fine, but its easier if you know a bit about assembly, at least with protonstar). If you want to do it, chose like 5 easy functions then 5 function which might use rep string operations, and implement them, it'll take you ~2 days (most of those will be research and reflexion, and you can do that during classes, like most of the security stuff actually). I'll repeat myself, but if you're not crazy about security, i really advice you to work on this with a friend, security is boring when you're stuck (and really interesting when you're not) If you're convicted of pedophilia (or rape) in a country, you should not be allowed to be alone with kids (or women) in another (like Polanski in the western world, but other examples exist). Should you? But if you think that "passive" political action (i.e just being present at a rally, not being a speaker) outside a community should not have consequences inside the community, i think i agree with you (for now, i don't have put much thought into it, my opinion is not definitive). No, the way GDPR is written, the cost is null for most small startups in europe. And for the startups in need of personnal data, either the ammount of data that need protection is small (like a birth day field) and will need at most ~4 day (counting deployment) to be corrected, or they are working with state-related business (at least in France). Source: i'm currently paid to create ML and data analytic clusters for startups and to give some advices on regulation. I agree with you, but i can understand her point of view. Her coworkers are mostly male, so most of the braggart she talk to are probably male too, and this skew her view. This is not a skin color or gender issue, this is a cultural/civilisation issue. Most of the westerner tourists going to SE Asia are acting in a weird way, it doesn't matter if they are sexual tourists, backpackers or others. Respectfull, non-arrogant westerners are not that easy to find in SE Asia. This is unrelated but i think USA focus on gender and skin color for every subject is unhealthy. Yes, you have some issues related to those caracteristics, but you are forgetting about class and/or culture discrimination. the cost of GDPR is almost null for new startups. I provide infrastructure (and tech advice) for data analysts and data scientists (mainly, i also have DL and Blockchain projects) and only one project started last year needed more than a day worth of work, mainly because the infrastructure with both Hadoop and Elasticsearch was weird and the dev who put it together was gone. You're not wrong on electron: this tech allow devs to be lazy and we all know that when we are allowed to be lazy, most of the time we are. That said, electron can have a small fingerprint if the dev team is carefull/good enough, and is hte best option when your app have to be able to read HTML (and copy HTML formatted string). To me, an email client is a good way to use electron for an app. Even if this was true (and that depend on euroshield implementation), this is not the spirit of the law. You don't even have to take a european lawyer (and those are at least an order of magnitude cheaper than US ones) to win your case (i'm joking, please take a lawyer). European courts don't like bullshit, even when it come from big company, so if you're afraid of trolling (a la patent trolls), please don't be. Hopping into this. The GDPR ask just that: if you are using ad networks, you should ask your user to give his explicit consent for each network you are serving him. Note that if you are serving malware, you are responsible and can be fined, which is pretty fair, imo. This is practically GDPR. This is simply not true. i spoke two years ago with the CEO of a small publisher company (~3 employees). This company was focused on mobility, from train to skateboard, with cars being obviously the main focus. Affiliated links for small stuff like electric monocycles and/or sponsored tests for cars was enough to pay himself, his author, IT guy and tester. I'm pretty sure this is satyric, but it bother me that even on HN, i have to read this type of comment twice to understand the author. Do you have any experience with a Eu country internet regulatory service? I have experience with the CNIL (The french one), and they were helpfull and yes, good-natured. Part of our demand to be able to host data from hospital was drafted with their help, when they had no legal obligation to help us. A friend who work in a legal/tech startup also had good experience with them, and i don't know anybody who ever had a bad run with them. So if you have contradictory experience, please share them. Until then, i'll still take all this "GDPR will kill tech companies" articles from people who only experienced the US legal system as jokes. And if you are a small/medium business, don't comply and somehow are reported, you will receive an email from the regalutory instance of the country the person who reported you come from. They will tell you what is wrong and point you to some articles who can give you advices on how to comply. If you have difficulty to do so, you can contact them and ask specific advices, they will respond (probably a bit late) and as long as you comply with the RGPD within a month after that, you're good. Audit can take some time and have a real impact on your business though, so i'm not saying everything is perfect. But to me, audit is the only thing you have to be really afraid of, not fines. You know what? i'm pretty sure you can just talk to one of the european regulator in advance and ask him questions about points you don't understand. They are pretty slow but they do respond. Well, in europe, it work like this: (1)A random person complain to his regulator that you are not complying with GDPR. If he asked for his personal data, jump to (3) (2) His regulator contact you, tells you that wht you're doing is bad: you have some stuff in opt-out, not clicking "opt-in" cause a degradation of service, or you are sending him 3rd party cookies he did not accept. (3) Depending on the complexity and your ressources, you have X months to comply. (4) You got caught again, you are fined. Stop spreading FUD please. 1: fines are up to (4%? thought it was 2%) depending on the offense (i dont think even Cambridge analytica would qualify to max fine, even if they were a persistant offender). 2: Yes some terms are vague, some part are vague too (what is considered "big scale"...) but if you want to cry about a vague law that enable government to shut down businesses, look at FOSTA-SESTA. This law is also vague to allow european countries to tinker around. Moreover, a vague law is often in favor of the defendant on european courts (if a litigation is ever taken to european court), so this is an advantage for owners. 3. A warning will be issued before any fine, then some time would be given to comply. If complying is difficult, regulatory instances have to help you by giving you ideas/examples/advice. 4. In the case of a physical guestbook, i'm pretty sure the regulatory instances will just laugh at the demand and ignore it anyway. 5. We had a CNIL contact before the GDPR was even drafted (we host health data) and we store non-hashed IP address of our customers (for ip whitelisting), name, surname, email address and phone number. Everything seems good for him as long as our security audits every year are good. I'm pretty sure we hold more client data than almost every small to medium shop whose business is not selling customer data, yet members of regulatory instance say we are okay. This panic is ridiculous. And you are allowed to take it to the european court if you think the fine is bullshit. And if you don't already know, european court don't take bullshit very well. Anyway, all regulatory instances are working together (in a group named G29, imagination is not their strength) to draw guidelines for fines and warnings. They will also discuss together ongoing cases (to avoid multiple prosecutions i guess). If you are not trying to cheat data from your customers and if your security is up to date, you risk nothing. The company can't make business deal with europe. People owning the company are fine and can't visit with no fear of being annoyed by the police, the EU is not the US. Sorry, little digression here: It was probably in response to the Terror attacks, a stuff called "operation sentinelle"[0]. They still patrol near strategic points now and then, but you see them less often now. And while military training is not police training, there was some controversy and some generals said it was a huge mistake, as the money spend on this operation (~1M$) would have shown better effect if spent on intelligence. Also, to afford the men, military had to cut monthly training. A friend of mine said that physical exercise/conditionment was divided by 2, while tactical and shooting by 4, but he really hated this operation so take it with a grain of salt. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Op%C3%A9ration_Sentinelle if you don't deal with EU customers (like if you don't sell ads to EU advertisers), you don't have to. But since the answer is no, is this still a fallacy? Also, this is one of the sane solution if he know he has not that much user data. First fines will not be high or won't happen at all, and he will receive advice and even help from regulatory instances if he is ever reported. If every business owner commenting those GDPR post on HN could act the same and not like headless chicken, discussions would be more healthy. And if IP is the only PII you keep and if you destroy IP logs after let's say 6 month and write something about that in your TOS, you're good. And even if you're not, if hey contact you and are not happy with your way of handling data, they will warn you then offer solution. You can even self-report if you're not sure you handled the privacy well, and they will point you the stuff you have to work on (and give you month to do that). I Understand Americans are afraid of fine and lawsuits, but please don't be afraid. Read GDPR statement from regulatory instances, they are here to help business too. >hey will probably not be able to travel to the EU without fear of arrest, etc This is EU, not USA, Russia or China. At most his visa will be denied (and i'm not even sure immigration services will actually care) Not really, he said in substance: "America do this, EU will not". Using this example to somehow gain a moral high ground. You have two solution: 1: ignore GDPR, you'll probably fly under. And if you dont, fine are scaled for business and people affected, as well as privacy infraction. Encrypt your backups, encrypt PII if you can do it effortlessly, and you're good. If you are not using emails except for checking double inscription, encrypt them too, the entropy is low BUT this is better than nothing . 2: If you have some time and money to spend to try to improve your services: self-report. A public agent will point you the weakness of your data processing. The fact that it beat Stockfish9 is not what is impressive with AlphaZero. What was impressive was the way Stockfish9 was beaten. AlphaZero played like a human player, making sacrifices for position that stockfish thought were detrimental. When it played as white, the fact that is mostly started with the Queen pawn (despite that the King pawn is "best by test") and the way AlphaZero used Stockfish pawnstructure and tempo to basicaly remove a bishop from the game was magical. Yes, since its a game, it's "useless", but it allowed me (and i'm not the only one) to be a bit better at chess. It's not world hunger, not climate change, it's just a bit of distraction for some people. PS: I was part of the people thinking that Genetic algorithm+deep learning was not enough to emulate human logical capacities, AlphaZero vs Stockfish games made me admit i was wrong (even if i still think it only works inside well-defined environments) Yeah, but their other Science headlines are weird: - "Ancestor of all living birds survived asteroid strike because it couldn't fly" It's wrong, on so many levels, I don't know where i should start. And since it's the only science article on a subject i have knowledge on, i'm now wary of the other article, as i should be. Yes. An average developper with knowledge in C will. Honestly, around my 3rd year i created a lib containing a struct for strings (well, two, and a couple functions working with them) and i don't think i ever used an strX function again. I was pretty proud of the "string for already allocated buffer" part of this lib tbh. Anyway, i'll never take C for a four-hour coding challenge, but for bigger, non-web project, C is really awesome, thank to BLAS and to the fact that most languages implement mostly painless C ffi. BUT diversity as "diversity of background" is never tested against diversity as "diversity of races" on those group performance studies. I think it should, because i'm pretty sure that if your "culture" is the same as your coworkers (same neighborhood, same school, same type of family, faith etc...); skin differences, except if you are subject to negative stereotyping in the field you're working on, should amount to almost nothing. Free market and all this stuff. Also a similar "technique" (LBO to be exact) was used to break down a giant company into smaller companies, effectively shutting down monopolies at the expense of a small number of workers, often making big gain for investors. With the failure of RBR Nabisco LBO, investors think twice about this kind of venture nowaday. If Toys'R US failure could cost the investors a bulk of money, maybe this won't happen anymore with big business like this. Anyway, if you take part of venture like this, you better be the law firm or the executives, especially if your target is a big company. Oh, that's probably why i always have to go through those tests, reCAPTCHAv2 is not vimium-friendly. > Keyboard keystrokes get captured too but the systems are intelligent enough to filter out passwords and payment details. Citation needed. But i did not realize that before, so thank you very much for this information, i will desactivate js on every page with a password field from now on. "to big to fail" only apply to (big) companies that mainly use debt to finance themselves, and have no assets to sell if they ever "fail" and go bankrupt. Because debt owner then would go bankrupt, and if debt owners are also companies with a huge ratio debt/asset, they would then go bankrupt and so on. So banks. (NB: i may have misused financial terms as i am not a native speaker) It does not harm china that much: It's too late for IP on old products, China is becoming more and more interesting for european "brain" (or US is less interesting, i don't know), and China education have caught up to western education (at least in STEM) during the last decade. The tariffs attack the wrong goods: Us manufacturers will still be buying them at 25% up, and chinese and europeans will sell finished products lower than manufacturers. And China can actually outsource the finishing touch of unfinished products in SW Asia or (even better for almost everyone) in Africa. Honestly i don't really care but i am interested on how India/Indonesia (and some african countries i hope) will take advantages of Trump policies. To me this is a good thing for the world, general "comfort" of several countries could rise thank to Trump. I know it's frowned upon here, but i like several move he made, including this, and how he made european countries closer. > I'd say the closest thing we have in Europe would be found in France I don't know about other countries, but you're right, some Frenchmen want the government to fear them, because it's one way to keep the power in check. We also have a really strong executive power who kinda own legislative rights and have control over a tiny bit of the judiciary system, so it's understandable. I don't want to look like a linux advocate, i like mac UI better, but if you find gnome painfull (and you should), try cinnamon. It does not have searchable menu like asked in this article, but it has everything else, and i personnally find the interface lean and efficient on laptops (i still like mac UX better). England might have been lucky enough (blessed with rain and all). Southern France and Greece, not so much, and will probably never recover pre-roman empire forests. I was kinda skeptic about federation at first (mastodon, GNU.social etc), but i've installed and tested a nextcloud platform for one of my client and i've been really impressed so far. It's clunky, a bit bloated (for me, TUI > GUI for 90% of apps, so take it with a grain of salt) and have an average documentation (a pretty good documentation for a free software /s). But despite that, once installed successfully, it is better than most free cloud services i have used imo, except maybe gDrive (integration with email, android calendar and gSuite is hard to beat). If other federated services can see light, and if people start to care about it, internet will be a better place i think (sightly related: is lichess federated too? I know you can host a server yourself, but i'm not sure if it's true). No easely accessible guns make suicide harder (the success rate of pill or wrist cutting is way lower than the guns) and make passion crimes less deadly. Without accounting misfire and/or lost bullets, crimes are deadlier with a gun than with a knife. That said, i don't really care if you are having a gun in your car or at home, or even carrying one with you if you have sufficient training, it's just for the sake of the argument. You are probably right, with the same opportunities and power, women should cheat as much as men. But if it was the wife cheating in public, i'm pretty sure no one would have made a deal with her and her husband would have been warned within the hour. Women are not faultless, but those in power have to hide their faults and vulnerabilities harder than men. This is not what he said. He basically said that in many cases, some developpers pushed something like mongo, ES or cassandra in their project or even company when a small sqlite or an effective postgressql were much more appropriate. Specific databases solve specific problems. In my current company, for log storage and analysis, InfluxDB was our solution after testing both ES and postgress, but we did compare all the products, and we still do as we expand. In my previous company, the main database in the product was Zope. I agree that mongoDB may be better in some use case, but i strongly doubt that most company are running it because it's the most appropriate product. Yes, it is alarmist. But england did not train ANY new border&custom agent in case of a hard brexit, unlike Ireland and Netherland (and France already have some somehow). The renewment of the Touquet deal still isn't done, and France could very well say "no deal mean no deal" in case of a hard brexit, or ask for even more money to act as England border patrol. Spanish government don't care for Gibraltar, so transfering daily necessity (food and meds) will probably become more expensive (you can't say "no" to american military bases in Europe, but UK ones don't carry the same weight). Anyway, hard Brexit will be hard on UK, but it will be hard for EU too. But it will be worse politicaly if EU look weak in front of UK, so either UK cave, either we're in for a loose/loose more game. async IRC with ring buffers was one of my last school C project. It was really interesting and straightforward, and despite its "obviousness", it still made me understand better some C and unix key principles. I think it's a great idea for discovering a new language. _Frankly, I'm not sure you know what you're talking about. Before the web was popularized, designing a layout meant a using a simple layout tool. Now it's a stack that is at least HTML, CSS and JS, and often more. We're doing more, to be sure, but you can't honestly claim, without a deep ignorance of the past, that it's easier or more inclusive._ Maybe developing web application is harder now (and i may disagree, react and node are really an improvement compared to 2013 SenchaJS imho). Also, CMS now exist for minimal programming. But you're looking application-wise, not tooling-wise: - Javascript is safer and easier to use with the last ES iteration (ore maybe it's just me, but my last pet project was really easy to complete with the new javascript). - OpenBLAS now exist, and libraries were written around this fantastic piece of software. Compare a jupyter notebook to matlab, and appreciate how easy it is to do math on a computer now (and i had to use matlab in college for my math bachelor degree, so i KNOW it is less complex for young mathematicians right now) - I've wrote stuff in C89 (gcc option, for school related work). Then i was allowed so use C99 (still for school). C99 was easier to write and to optimize. Also, my current collegues were using C in the early 90s, and for them debugging was a pain, while to me, C is one of the easiest language to debug thank to gdb (using the TUI or not). - Sytem building automatisation is easier (not painless yet, but easier). You can argue it's more complex, but automated stuff i always more complex than manual (but faster too). And in the 90s, system automation was Perl job. I like Perl, but let's agree ansible is less complex. - System monitoring is easier now too. And i'm a relatively young programmer, with 2 languages i'm comfortable using for professional work (3 with bash, 4 with ansible, if it count). I'm pretty sure experienced programmers who can use other stuff than C and python have plenty of other experiences. Also, consider compiling your own kernel, writing your own filesystem and/or paquet manager. Would you rather do it in 2018 or in the early 00's? It is a second year project in my school. Second year. It use to be a master degree assessment in college. Tools are easier to use, and information easier to get. Don't do this in France. It's considered "polite" to arrive ~30minute late if you're invited, however, if you arrive early, you will be asked to help while the host/hostess take his/her last minute shower. I don't mind and i like being early, because the most meaningfull discussion are made there, but non-Latin foreigners can have some troubles to adjust. Do america's teacher wage depends on the child result to a standardized test? It's actually a clever plan. They will destroy ecosystems on the way so its not _perfect_, but it's feasible and will likely work if they fuccessfully find the right kind of tree to start the forest. Greenland is doing it too[1], with a lot of setbacks, but they are starting to recover (albeit slowly) [1] https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/20/climate/icela... > Um the dependency hell is not something I have seen in Windows, but quiet often in Linux. You never had to install 2 different version of php with IIS. My worst internship by far, it took us almost 3 week to get my workstation to work, and my coworkers were windows powerusers. I'd rather spend multiple times 10 minutes to resolve dependency hell than spend again 3*40 hours doing the same thing, just with no understnding of what i'm doing. Which IQ test? IQ as a number alone mean nothing, as you can't make a standardized test for it. And IQ number is a comparison (you calculate the standard deviation). Also, even in clinical tests, multiple scales can be used, and this mesure evolve. And there is no "single number", multple subjects are tested, and now we have another limitation: those tests don't mesure everything, or mesure thing that can evolve. I "scored" 123 on the weshler when i was 8 (or 9) with a really bad spatial visualisation score of 90 (89?). Since i'm now able to play blindchess or to chart a course on a marine map, either my spatial visualisation skills have improved, either people i know hide a lot. And i'm sure i would score way less on the other subjects too, looking back i was a pretty interesting kid, while now i'm an average adult. I'm not saying it's useless, but to me it is way overvaluated by some people. Maybe you can approximate intelligence with an IQ test, but the number itself is meaningless imho. The classification can be used though. I'm not sure about this, but i have no study, only anecdot. I scored 123 at 8 or 9 on the weshler test, and 90 on the spatial visualization part. (that mean that around 60% of the european population was better than me at spatial visualization when i was a kid). However, i'm able to play blindchess and chart a course since i'm a teen, i was probably one of the best at understanding geometry/vectors in highschool and the only math course i wasn't bad at in college were topology and n-dimmension vectorized spaces. If i "blundered" the IQ test, i'm not aware of it (i know i wasn't very cooperative, but still). Maybe i misundertand what spatial vizualisation mean, but i don't think so. Oh and also one part of the test was general knowledge, and i don't believe it can't be trained (like the puzzles/tangrams, symbol recognition or verbal expression tests). If you're right, then it's reassuring for me since i feel like i'm more dumb on multiple subject than when i was a kid. I know it's a hobby, but my favourite youtube Chess teacher is GM Ben Finegold. Yeah, and an imperial pint is half a liter, whereas the us pint is somethin like 0.46 liter if i remember correctly. Somehow, in France, "Pinte" is still used for beer, "livre" (pound) was still used recently in cook books for butter, and we still use some weird non-metrics mesurment like "corde" for raw wood. I remember my philosophy teacher saying to the class that we can make 3 hypothesis: - Technology can advance until we can make simulation undicernable from reality: in this case, we are likely to live in this simulation - Any civilisation comming close to the previous point is likely to already have destroyed itself. In this case, living in a similation is unlikely, - Technology can't advance to this point in our universe. Living in a simulation is impossible. On of these proposition is true, but we are unable to know which one. So we have to put an equal weight on those, and the probability that we live in a simulation is 1/3. Sadly (or hopefully), Church-Turing conjecture is somehow backing the 3rd theory too, and i'll by anything coming from Turing. Windows10 did a good job right now from what i've seen, but the first time i went back on windows after a year of code on linux/mac with a friend high on tuning your tools and workstations to your needs, it never really felt "good". Granted, i had to use netbeans and this was on 7 (or 8), but when you're used to the tools and you understand the system (not system as in OS, but how everything work, where to look if you have issues etc), it's really hard to switch. On the other hand, those 6 month using windows made me really respect windows sysadmins. Be carefull though, even though it's not chemecally addictive (at least the 2 people around me who used to smoke everyday successfully stopped within a two-week period without difficulties), there are some unknowns around cannabis effect when mixed with tobbacco. If you're already at risk for heart issues (genetics, overweight, male, black), you'll want to slow down consomption (cake, pure pot seems to be still okay). Also, like psychotrops or anything that numb your sensations or slow your brain (alcool, keta, fenta), it might have an effect on developing brains, so don't take too much until you're 24-25. Again, studies are pending (the war on drugs really killed of research at some point). That said, it is a valid brainhack for anxious people from my experience. My sister used to be an almost daily user for 3 years, and augmented consomption again after a rape (2 joint a day when she started living at my place). Still, after a year, familly support, a diploma, a great job, a non-abusive boyfriend and now an appartment, she is "clean" since early november, after her first try at stopping. I'm pretty sure she'll smoke again on some weekends or for new year eve, but it will be for fun and giggles, not because of any addiction. Imo if you're well, it is not really addictive. Carefull though if you're at risk for heart problems (again: genetics, overweight, male), don't take it with tobacco. And like any drug, do not take it alone the first time. My little sister was raped by her boss last year when she was an apprentice[0]. Since she was devastated (and her ex-boyfriend a cunt, pardon my french), she waited 3 day before telling my father, who then took her to the hospital, but it was to late: no evidence we could give the police. Result, the only thing she could do was filing a report at the police station, and now she have to wait for another girl to get raped and go to the police. I still scream "rapist!" when i pass by his restaurant though, twice this year and will do that too at Christmas, and will continue until i get arrested or until i pardon him. I also gave his picture and contact information to all my highschool friends so they can avoid him, as it's a small city and we are around the same age (luckily i'm no living there anymore). My sister's former cooking school now forbid female student to take apprenticeship there (a bit cynical, but well, better than nothing). I was all for "innocent until proven guilty", and still am, but maybe because it's still fresh, i really can't condamn public shaming anymore. [0]I might have the wrong word: she was working on her cooking diploma while working in a restaurant Talk about this with someone you trust (wife, kids if they're old enough, brother and/or sister, best friend...). Talking with people you don't know is nice, but if you're anxious you need to have an open conversation with someone who has known you for a long time. For financial advice i can't help you, though i can give you advice for travels, especially if you don't particulary ike visiting cities: pick a place, then pick something (a hobby) you can learn within two weeks at this place. I've learn skydiving, kitesurfing, and i've improved my windsurf and kayak skills this past two years, and it was much more enkoyable than siviting museums/bars and so on. Also i got back in shape a little, so there is that too. But wasn't the "increase social spending" move called populist by everyone during the 08 crisis? Most of the time, those porting the neo-keynesian theories to the national TV where called populist in my country. And during the presidential election, the populist werent those wanting to cut half the jobs in hospitals but those who wanted either increased social minimum income or the "universal income". The third kind of the so-called populists where those against euro or/and against immigration. Did you really check your affirmation, or is this just something that you think is an universal truth because you feel it's true in you country/social circle? But the Five Star was called a populist party by most of the european media (and italian ones: see Il Tempo, L’Unione Sarda and Il Fatto Quotidiano after the election night), so you are undermining the point with your example. You can still travel and work across europe for now, as long as a brexit deal is reached. You have a fine startup scene in the baltic, crazy startup in Paris and Berlin (tbh, it'll be easier in germany right now), you have really professinnal, interesting companies in the Netherlands, Lille or Hambourg if your thing is devops/non-web dev. With the AI4EU project, you can also land a job building tools for machine learning[1]. We have plenty of oportunities here. [1] Honestly, it'll mostly be integrating different ML opensource solutions together and maybe some FOSS contribution from what i've seen. If you're not a native english speaker working in tech, google will sometime show you (in my case) French forums or websites even if the query was entirely written in english. It is quite annoying, and i often get better results using ddg and !g than using google itself. We do a weekly meeting every monday morning, and i think as long as you work remotly, you can be as productive as any other day while in a meeting. And if your manager is good, he will only get your attention back when needed. Actually, some of my best ideas/hacks came to me during seemingly boring (remote) meetings. I agree with you with non-remote meetings though, they are highly improductive to me. Don't you have at least a raise up to the yearly inflation? If not, you should vote for a prop like this in your country. I've lost ~15 pound by cutting sugar, pasta and white bread. I also eat smaller portions overall, but i think this is a side effect. I paid for a private hospital in France ~15k for a surgery and 14 days in a single-atient room with quality food and available nurses. Only the drugs (and anesthesia) are subzidized and paid for by the national healthcare. The high-quality room, the transportation, the doctor and his team were paid by me. If a 2 hour surgery and 14 recuperation days cost is around the same in the US, you're not overpaying; if it's not, you are, even if you're well-off. And it's true for any country. There is already a complete lisp tool being implemented, aiming to take advantage of C++ libraries called Clasp. You can also take a look to some major Clisp/scheme libraries like biolisp (i think it's the name). I'd never make a group project in common lisp if this project do not involve either a finite-state machine or a DSL (rewriting a prolog interpretor in lisp is a breeze), and in this case, the language fits perfectly imho. I don't know if it's innovative, but you can look at https://www.nexedi.com/ . They are open source, you can find all their projects on their gitlab: https://lab.nexedi.com/nexedi . They are selling services and the fact that you have to understand a lot of their tech before you can even contribute (let alone "steal") help a lot. Your Senate works weirdly, why a 60% majority is needed for budget allocation? Do you have a link that explain that well (if possible non-partisan link)? I've heard that most illegals arrested at the borders (airports too) or when detected are supposed to wait until judgment (hence cages last year i guess?), but the justice Dpt is so underfunded that it take a really long time to pass judgment, and people end up staying. It was in a meetup around 2015, a French man who overstayed his visa to launch his company in Florida (something about autofilling paperwork for tutition and taxes). He got arrested 6 month before the launch date, still launched the product in time, then paid a lawyer to get away since his first visa was tied to an abusive company. Why not giving those 5 Billion to accelerate those judgments, see what happens? I might be more effective. And if you think a wall is effective, you should see how gibraltar handle border security, and ask them why they don't just build a wall. It may be less true now than when i visited northern morocco in my teens, but i have the feeling than people in charge of border security there might be puzzled by the idea. It's not a wall, and it's not seven layer everywhere. A wall is shooting yourself in the foot, seven layer is just the entry point. If you never went to gibraltar, please, please don't propagate false claims. Multiple videos exist that explain how the EU border there work, you can easely check if someone lied to you, so please do. Oh, this is why filibusters aren't done all the time. This is weird to allow that for a budget vote though, since budget is more about the executive part of the government than legislative. Thank you. This is actually a fairly accurate video (and it seems that it is worst than when i was there 15 years ago somehow, the ditch and the morrocan side fences are new). I don't like that some opinion were leaking through the depiction of facts (even if i have the same opinion) though, but i understand this is hard. You can see this not a wall (because you can't see through walls obviously), and that this is not effective without border security agent. Do you know that even with a see-through fence and cncrete floor, people were still able to dig themselves in? They though about creating an artificial underground river alongside a the time (it is probably replaced by the ditch now). They hired a team of engineer in the late 90s (or early 20s at least) to create a secure door system that won't force people from morocco who work there to wait unknown amount of time. If maquiladoras are still a thing, you might have to do the same. I don't think a wall is a good idea, but maybe US should try it. Please be accurate though, if you want to have an efficient border "wall", it should never be a wall, but a fence, and you should actually have border agent monitoring the fence at all time. Also thank you for the video, i'll binge watch this tonight. Thank you so much. The main risk in "artificial" GMOs are that the evolved species might be a bit too adapted to the environment and start to replace the original and/or destroy species from the old biome (because new toxins kill usefull insect or small bugs, or because its taking to much from the soil thus kill surounding trees and plants...). Other concerns exist (especially when playing around viruses or other self-repliquant organisms). I had two really long discussions (hours) with a former PhD in genetic, although he did not wrote anything about DNA: he was studying population of plants, insects and sometime cattle. From what i understood, the issue with GMOs is that the change is too fast, and other organisms from the same ecosystem often can't adapt. But this case sometime appear with "natural" settings too. And human exploitation of ressources have the exact same effect, but often without any scientist to limit the damage, as they are called after most of the damage are done. I wrote a small supervisord ripoff in go just after its launch, it was at the same time frustrating and enjoyable. I will have a week off in less than a month, do you think i should build a similar elixir app just to learn the language? Or do you have any idea of a better well known programm to build to "learn" the language in a week? Frog or Froggy was never racist to me. It might depend on who's saying it and his/her intentions though. Union works this way in the US? Wow, this is not a clever way to achieve anything. I understand why some people are anti-union then. I wasn't obese, but overweight (10 to 15 kg above the baseline for my height), and i did had craving i thought i could not stop. A 3 day diet made me understand that the feeling of hunger is just that, a feeling, and some willpower was needed to ignore that. Hormonal imbalance caused by overeating was in my case worst than the hormonal imbalance caused by lessening the amount of food i ingested, so it wasn't this hard to stop. Also my life improved a lot around that time (credit, job, appartment, relations), this might have helped too. Language-wise, assembly and C will allow you to excel at debugging. And debuging will make you earn a lot of money if you're interested, or will help you spending more time on developpement cycles. For training, i think you should try some easy "security challenge" that exist on the web, especially those based on shell, network and assembly with no stack-protection. They are not usable in the "real world" (well, some shell exploit might still work tbh), but you will learn how to use debugging tools efficiently, as well as reading assembly. If you want to be a devops, those skills are very important imho. In my country, its not illegal to film people in public. Using this film for anything but personal use w/o the explicit consent of every identifiable person on it is illegal and can be charged with jail time (its usually just a fee + public excuses though). I can easily see a similar legislation/formulation for personal data. > Please explain how the statement "tax avoidance in the USA" proves market-friendly policies have been a "failure". This one i can explain. Whether its ordo-liberalism, social liberalism or any kind of post-1929 liberalism, a market-friendly policy aim to brake cartels, monopolies and remove unfair advantages, and help new companies start even in an already competitive field. You can easily see how tax avoidance, easier to avoid for big, international, old companies is a failure of "market-friendly" policies. This is not the only point where those policies fail, but this one of the most obvious. Sadly i don't have any english papers on this, but even really old-school liberals (like the ones you can proably see on fox, although i don't know if they invite PhD or lobbyists there) are saying this is becoming an issue. Also income inequality should never be a problem. Wealth inequality, however, especially when more money is gained from wealth than from work, is. And its easy to fix: less tax on work income, more taxes on wealth/wealth income. There. Although it's not completely pseudoscience, in a sense that microexpressions do exist. You can't detect most of them with your bare eyes, and those you can detect (pupil dilatation) are not significative and can be caused by external factors. I heard in a skeptic podcast that the "ripple under the eyes" in case of a true smile is not fake though, its one of the few thing they got right (not the first time a pseudoscience got some part right, but this time it not just lucky). i disagree with the main article, but he is right. C++ was supposed to be more than just browsers, GUI and video games: it shuold have been a better C. It failed. It was supposed to be more secure than C. It failed. Mostly the OOP failed part, because it wasn't that good of an idea (usefull in some case, to do geometry and grapic stuff, and for other, specific cases). And Java's "everything is an object" did not help C++, with countless students trained on Java then writing software with C++ and doing awfull things everywhere. C++15 is really fun to work with in new, clean projects, with either new or very ancient C++ devs, but i would get away from any proposition including a pre-2013 C++ codebase and any "rockstar"/"genius" C++ dev with 2-10 years of C++ experience as a lead. And by the way, nowadays python and Js replaced C++ in the GUI usecase (yes, electron is written with C++, this is not my point). Well. He is seen as right-wing in france (i.e close to the money). Average older citizen do like people who will protect their rent system and who seems to add stability, that's why they voted for him. Wheras most of my non-economically challenged younger friends prefer a bit of chaos and a high-ish inflation, and did not. I got the /s at the end, and i understand why you formulate your opinion like this (i would probably do the same outside HN) but this is quite misleading. I think until France 4+ subs with atomics missils onboard are found and destroyed, EU is pretty safe from conquering even without the US. Whether it's karmic reincarnation or an afterlife, the morality type it generate is the same. Nietzsche seriously need to be taught/explained early so people stop with this "slave" mentality (i'm paraphrasing here). And maybe more didactic consciouness philosophers could be taught as well, for even in non-materialist theory, monism (that did not need "god hypothesis" unlike most dualism) seems to be mainstream. And perhaps people (esp those interested in psychology, neurosciences and/or IA) could be lured into materialist illusionism (insert maniac laugh here). People in Charleston WV are super nice (but we were caucasian so it might have helped). They might be _sightly_ surprised that someone from another country chose their place as a vacation/tourist spot however (despite amazing rivers). This is a really, really good news. However i really don't like the fact that again we talk that much about PV solar energy. As utility, spot electricity generator, they are fine (and way more effective than thermal), but as far as solar farm are concerned, we should lobby for thermal if the water supply allows it. Ten years ago in France, it was around 279€ and since my familly was in the lowest quintile, it was covered by the state. But i've hear that the true cost was in fact 3.8K€ per student, up to 7K per student if you count lodging. Or around 10K$. For "Elite" schools the upfront cost is between 7K and 15K, and you can add 2K for the true cost (paid in taxes, VAT or income) and 3k for lodging. I say elite but the best school in France for math is actually a public university (ranked 5th in the world or around that), and you can get this for almost free if your parents are poor. i still have not. "pseudo-masculine tough guy" aesthetic are efficient, especially for learning/reading space (80% of my time spent on the net). It does not have to be as ugly as "better f ing website", but still. Maybe, just maybe, when you're in a plane that does not respond to your commands, you want to have a look at the most likely possibility: the autopilot did not disengage, or the autopilot malfunctionned and prevents you to get full control of the airplane. IF hte pilots knew about MCAS, they would likely have checked that instead, but they did not. Most pilots are rationnal and pretty smart people. Implying that two of them are stupid enough to "play" with the autopilot in this situation is pretty insulting. This kind of reactions are interesting though. I might tour facebook, twitter and reddit to see if it's widespread. It really depends where in the US. I've recently been the wild state of West Virginia, and while you can meet stereotypical "rednecks", every person i met in a position to help me helped me, and everyone was very welcoming. I did not experience the same in California except maybe around Bishop. /off-topic If you are making claims like this, you might want to source it. Like a Jimmy wales interview link, a wikipedia link to a "sensitive" topic that have been politized (that does not prove anything but still show that you've done some research). Also generalization is bad. You might want to visit a skeptic association and follow a course about human cognitive bias (it is helpfull, but it won't "cure" you from them, just make you more self-aware). Also keep in mind that right now, debt is often monatory creation. If this debt is reimbursed, it might slow the economy and might create a deflation and push the growth of GPD to th negative (GPD is a bad indicator, but for stuff like that it is quite usefull). Its not likely, but still, people often forget that debt is good for our current economies. I stopped following GoT since S05E04 or around that so i did not see nor do i understand what's all this noise; but from the writing lessons i took years ago i learned that foreshadowing is NOT character development. If you use foreshadowing, especially if it's not subtle, you still have to "earn" your twist (see: Frodo if front of Mt Doom, Gollum). You can only foreshadow and drop hints about a character changes if you do those change away from the action (the protagonist that will change is away from the limited narrator), or if the spectator do not know the character that well (he is one of the antagonist). Let's compare to other "masterpieces" with a lot of public love. Does the character change feel as justified as Darth Vader's one in Return of the Jedi? Or even as Severus Rogue (Harry potter) change? Those change are not really well written imho (a bit too rushed for the 1rst one, a bit forced for the second, but that's only my opinion). If the character change in GOT is not at least on this level, i would understand why people are disapointed. The error GoT have done for me is from way back. The first few seasons used realistic plot, few plothole, believable and clever characters, pretty realistic choices and political stuff. My suspension of credulity bar was set pretty low. Season 4 was weird regarding time and distance, but still mostly believable (and the dialogs were really good too). But S05 broke my suspension of credulity almost every 10 minutes and that made the show a bit boring (imo). That's the issue for GoT: they did set the bar too high at first, then couldn't reach the same level again. By targeting Boeing, they really are targeting FAA power over other national or transnational agencies. Can this cause repercussion on other US agency power? I know that FDA ruling is mostly ignored in western countries, and this do not impact any other US-based agencies, so maybe it won't have any other consequences. If this only impact Boeing the US should be glad. And Boeing deserve a slap anyway. Their decision killed more than 300 people and the people responsible won't really be impacted (as the marginal utility of the money decrease the more you already have). Bamboo straws for both home and bar use are pretty neat. I don't know if its true for children, but for grown men and women it feel better, at least. And those cost a less (especially if you already have small bamboo home and friend with woodwork equipement). I thought all vegetable oils were bad when heated (and also provide few nutrients, unlike animal-based grease/fat). In the short term yes. In the long term, i'm not so sure. If no revolution take place in China, they might come out stronger in ~20 years. [edit] Also this trade war is gold for the propaganda. While the wealthy/educated people don't buy it too much, it helps Xi and his government with the "mass", thus strenghtening his power. Your current presidential administration is not the norm. Most countries keep highly knowledgable/connected people from one administration to another, without changing them despite different political colors, especially diplomatic administration. Trump did not name enough ambassadors, and everything turned out pretty well, no? That's because US ambassies work pretty well w/o any ambassador. Those are just prestigial distinctions, the workers don't really change. At least in France, there is at least 5 power: the administration is the 5th, and it should not be underestimated. Not a solution for everything, but focused websites/blogs (on guitar, camping, kayaking... Or even painting) can afford "ads" with no tracking (link to amazon products), or even invest some time to call specialized stores about single image ads without using any advertising network. II.B.15: use, under any circumstance, any open source software subject to the GNU Affero General Public License v.3, or greater; That's spooky. Any idea why? And if it's not the majority definition and does actually not improve the search experience, the market will punish them for it. I'm nearly degooglized (youtube vulgarisation videos are hard to pass sadly), i'm not a fan of their policies and their control of the market, but come on, this argument do not stand. And this is probably their real argument to Trump administration. Historically, you're right. But the meaning of right/left changed post WW2 (some would say WW1), at least in most european countries. 31 BMI is highly unhealthy, i know it was mine 2 years ago. You don't look "obese", but when fat start to show on your cheeks, you have to stop eating that much sugar immediatly. I'm less than 30 and i my ankle/knees are hurting like i was 40. I couldn't run, and running is still really, really hard on my ankles (after 40 minute i start to feel lot of pain). Even walking too much (more than ~7/8 kilometers) hurts. It's not beause you don't "look" obese than you are not. And i have freaking hearth issue (it's not genetic, none of my grandparent ever had heart issues, and most of my great-grandparent lived to 100 yo or near that. I still have 26.8 BMI and i'm aiming 23-24 as i'm not a very muscular guy. I'll have to agree though, alcoolism is worst than low obesity. Etanol is as bad as fructose for the liver, and worst for everything else too. Well, races are artificially created by inbreeding and culling. I don't know if it have ever been done for humans, but this might be the wrong word. And i won't trust any geneticist who don't know that given that a geneticist taught me that. The actual piece is imho more interesting and less opiniated: https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2019/07/educati... Workers are poorer. That's the issue. Wage slave is not just a fancy association of world, it is now the state of a lot of people. This article is misrepresenting the truth. Maybe the majority of the waste mass is really uranium (i doubt it, but i'm no expert), but from what i heard from an EPR engineer, the volume of this waste is in fact tools, clothing, used part that have been replaced and stuff like that. Not hard to take care of, and waste that contain very low level of radioactivity, but this should be the majority of nuclear waste, and this is not "mostly fuel" in any case. Please be precise. > Hot summers probably come with milder winters Even if the thermohaline circulation that makes europe winter quite mild is not disturbed, prediction for climate change is colder winter, hotter summer, more flooding and stronger storms. Hopefully there will be some positive feedback loop we did not find about yet. I'm not pro-China in any case, i really believe in liberalism, but i think in history, and with the exception of Tibet (That's not really an exception tbh if you get back in the historical context), China was never known for waging exterior wars. Internal wars however... Yeah, i understand. hosting your own mattermost (or other slack clone) is not enough for you? You can also have 2 self-hosted solution on different servers (one on our own, one on any CSP), in case your server fails. If you're a big enough company (more than 60 people if computer are your means of production, around a thousand if not), you should have your own server and a fallback on a CSP. Just pay some guy in India/South Africa to manage all your internal services and architecture. If they are sensible and you need to trust the guy, just pay him well and hire locally. I can set you up a resillient architecture and 3 services (communication, documentation, filesharing) in less than two weeks (let's say two weeks and a half because security concerns/limitations and all that stuff). Add one week and you will have mail server, VOIP communication, log conservation and monitoring, backup images on CEPH, vnc service for "easy" maintainance and a small documentation explaining the few action needed to maintain the monster for two years. Initial cost for a company: 15 to 25k$, + 1 hour and ~100$ a month. This is false. Sufficient evidence was found in the 40s, but tobacco was seen as a threat by some scientists/doctors way before. And today we have a much better understanding of epidemiology, so any cancer glyphosate enhance would have been discovered already. And we did: NHL. Theories about efficient market/exchange is _liberalism_. Capitalism is an ideology about who own the means of production: in this case, the person who own the capital. When the state OR a "commune" owns the mean of production, this is communism. But you can definitively have a "free market communism", except WTO will probably disagree on whether product issued by a state controlled industry really respect its rules. You can also the two, like in the nordic countries (or germany) where employee actually have voting power about the strtegic orientation of the company (actually i think employees are considered "owning" 30% of the issued shares or something like that). From a (weird) point of view, this is 70% capitalism, 30% communism. is this a reference to : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_true_Scotsman ? >In my experience "free" healthcare stops being a thing once you get above certain income level as the service provided by the public healthcare facilities is subpar (waiting lists huge, best specialists often work at private clinics, etc.) so you end up going private but you still end up paying a huge chunk of your income in tax. This is true, but this is not that bad. The basic social security indeed stop being a thing once you earn enough. But if you earn that much, your work will provide you with an insurance that start at 50€/month to 250€/month that will cover A LOT of what you would have to pay in a private care clinic. You will still have to pay for the surgeon (especially if he is well known), but not the full cost. The problem has been going since Douglas bought Boeing with Boeing money. Douglas shifted in the 80s to a state monopoly culture, where politics is more important than engineering and safety (see DC-10), a bit like lockeed martin. Boeing was still a company "a la" Dyson, led by engineers before the acquisition (in 97). I think the first Boeing non-engineer CEO was hired in 2004. Yes. DNA probably "evolved" from RNA. Keep im mind that the time scale is huge and that at the time, the earth was really hot and pressurized, so we can only have speculations. A posituve thing is that in Miller experiment, he found out that those conditions create aminate acids. That also indicate that panspermia theory is unlikely (not impossible, but not Occam's razor choice at least). It is interesting, but following Popper's epistemology rules, this hypothesis is not scientific. So saying it is a not-widely-accepted theory is right, but with reasons: this is not a theory. Not that just because a hypothesis is not scientific, it doesn't mean that people can not research or fine-tune it until it become a scientific theory, but in this state, spending public research credit on it is not a very good choice (especially in the current state of funding for biology). (it can be read wrong, my command of english is not great: i'm just adding thing to your comment, this is not a critisism of you or what you said) The real solution is what companies did until early 90s: you cut your company in multiple parts and let those unprofitable bust (and try to sell them before they do). Market consolidation is the worst if you're a pro-market guy. And they have an history with FBW-caused accidents. Especially AF296 killed 3 people when they try to demonstrate the anti-stall capacity of the FBW during an airshow. Airbus modified the way the fbw control reclamation worked after this. After the Rio-Paris accident (forgot the flight name, it was AF too), they changed the way the degradation worked wehn sensor fails (i think now 3 different mode exists, and information is more visible). Those incident killed people, and there is a chance that the first one was actually caused only by the manufacturer (the second one was 99% the pilot though, the remaining 1% was: better information, better sims and better gradation so that even new, tired pilot can't make this kind of mistake). I thought the "i" was for "insert" and f for "find" (that i use a lot to move quickly in a line in vi/spacemacs). But i am wrong, and realising made me smile a bit. This is BS though. I used to work with " 10" devs (more like 2 tbh) and the only way to be at their level is to: - Have a lot of creativity and nerves (because sometime you have to "hack" something in a really short time). They can be 10 in this case. - Know your tools and your product really, really well. - Be on point on everything surrounding your product: basics on GUI, network, hardware, security and crypto (even if your basic on crypto is "do not run your own crypto", its enough). Also the 2 10 i met were not jerks, and one i only talked to via skype was just a bit arrogant but nothing unsufferable, so to me it is a urban legend. I think his point is that what's considered "leftward" in the US is actually not really leftward for the rest of the word, so for him, the "left bias" is actually a "normal bias". Not exactly. From what i understood, this article is telling that if someone feel he is better at reading/comprehension than he is at math, he is more likely to not go into math-related field, regardless of his math performance compared to the average. To dumb it up, most of the time, you don't go into a math-related field because you compare your math skills with other, but because you compare your math skills with your own reading skills (at least when you're young). It feels right, it was a really tough choice between math and philosophy for me and only peer pressure sent me to STEMs (and i sometime regret it). I'm gonna wait until replication is done until i define an opinion. Try C maybe? It is still updated, but only really minor tweaks for optimisation. Also Common lisp specs never changed since the 90s and is still usefull as a "quick and dirty" language, with few basic knowledge required. But the "basic feature set" can make everything, so the "understand any code" is not really respected. Maybe Clojure is easier to understand (and also has a more limited base feature set, with no CLOS). I'm sorry, for me it still more of a "how to define data" that "thinking in type". Full disclosure, i would create a struct like this: typedef struct Transactions { int value; char currency; } Transaction; (sorry for the naming and the poor c code, i've not done any c since 2016). If the transaction value can be superior to 21 thousands (or if the code is deployed on a 32bit system, or if i want my floating point value high), maybe i would use a long, and probably an enum to keep track of the different currencies the second time i pass over the module. Maybe even a field (or a macro outside the struct) with the floating point value (4 to 6 seems good enough tbh). I'm an "int, char, loop" guy, at least at first, especially if i have to write something from scratch. Thinking in "object" or "type" makes me uncomfortable except when it is for interfaces (but GUI makes me uncomfortable too, so...). I feel this is inefficient, and that well-defined/organized data should not need such complex handlers in most cases. Well, for free camping, not evrywhere, but municipalities in the south often provide it as an alternative to the forbidden wilderness camping. Well, this happened in France circa 2008 in a state company becoming private. The suicide rate was bit superior to the population average, but not that much. So the CEO argument during trial was to compare the suicide rate to cop's suicide rate and say "that's not too bad". This is dumb. You should compare to the suicide rate in similar company, or if you cna't find similar company in your country, you take the suicide rate 5 years prior and adjust for intangibles. Turns out the suicide rate in telco was way inferior to the population average prior to the "new management" methods. The ex-CEO will probably avoid prison still. But the trial isn't over yet, so anything can happen. Most investigative journalism, at least in France, only live from subscribtion. And it is starting to works pretty well. You might want to target eastern Africa. Not all countries, but Ethiopia and maybe some countries in the EAC (especially if the constitution is accepted by all). As long as western Africa does not break free from the CFA, i don't see any equivalent there anytime soon. or you know, maybe just using the new "easy" tech of lignin removel through oxidation. But you're right, we can't excessively clean the forest of organic "waste". More than a week for a doctor? It is possible in large city, especially if you don't want (or can't afford) to pay a premium (at least in Paris). Never had any troubles in Munich, Liege, Lille or Rennes though. The premiums are not really fair for the people living in those cities, but with the square meter price, it is understandable that cost increase for medecine too. But if you think you have an emergency (and no money), you can still get to a hospital (at least in France). University hospitals are great too (if you have one nearby), because if your affliction is weird, you'll get some of the best doctors available to help you. Clermont-Ferrand dental surgery speciality saved two of my teeth when i was 16 and my mother on minimal income for the grand total of 0€. Any private dentist would not have bothered and have removed those two and replaced then with false ones (the teeth were stuck into the jaw bones if you want details), for probably much more. Yes. French hospitals are underfunded and desesperate right now. They cut corners everytime they can, often on the back of nurses and mediacl assistants (who are wholly underpaid). Doctors are in an okay position, but some specialties lack specialists (especially in position where French medical education is really good, or very lucrative: i.e. surgery and anesthesia). We are far from a great medical country. I would happily give another 100€ per month to resolve those issue (and i do somehow with not asking for rembursment after consultations as i can easely afford those). My biological grandfather (long story) is considered poor in the US, and is at the very bottom of the social hierarchy (you know, early 70 hippies that got stuck in the past?). Yet he lives way better than at least half the US population imo, and would never trade his place with the other half. He live in a cabin in West Virginia, share 100 acres with two other people, have access to a natural gaz well for 100$ a year (shared with 4 other people). Free food, almost free gaz, free beer, and he make 20 to 50 bucks a month from playing banjo at local jam/bars. Well, winter sucks up there in the hills, but still. I think that the most he have worked in a year was 3 month doing odd construction jobs (I think the town name was Akron). Being poor doesn't suck because you're poor, it sucks because you don't live well enough and you can't really enjoy life. If you're poor but live well enough, it doesn't really matter. I don't know how people manage without at least 5 weeks of holidays per year. I know i have troubles without at least 7. The corruption was there before the military coup. I think the only coup that did not involve prior corruption was the one against Mosaddegh (and still, the country was still corrupted from his predecessor). Also this was probably the coup that finished any hope of peace and democracy in the middle east. > When managed badly it can make an area the size of Europe uninhabitable Citation needed > as Chernobyl might have done No. If you take all the waste in Chernobyl as well as all the fuel, and dissiminate all around Europe equally, it will sightly increase the natural radioactivity, and in some place this increas would be laughably negligeable (Wales, Brittany, probably others). Also, you should be aware than risk =/= danger, so even if your argument were true, it would not be receivable in any non-political debate. Plus the pressurized water reactors reduce the risk so much than even the Tsunami the provocked Fukushima would probably just paralize the reactors sightly. But the FUD spread by anti-nuclear activists, uniformed people and media killed more than all the nuclear incident in the last 60 years. And i'm not counting the social exclusion cost or even the abortions caused by all the bull . Interesting to read, but maybe to simplistic? I mean, asynchronous communication and synchronous communication each have advantages depending on the work. If I have to code something completely new, i want to be able to work alone with no distraction (and email is still king of asynchronous communication). If i'm debuging or if i'm doing ops stuff, having other devops around me help, whether its by my side or with a shared screen + audio. Human are not robot, and i think/feel that foc creative/innovative tasks, async is the way to go. >A chicken has the awareness of a bug I this true? I thought that all birds were highly intelligents. Although they don't have any pack instinct, chicken still have a peck order, that mean that they recognize individuality. Thus they probably have a sense of self. If consiousness is an illusion created by senses, they probably have a conscience too then. I don't know about "Science", it's too broad, but a valid scientific theory must valid the "refutability" point, and not respond "this is an exception!" when this point is reached. How many scientific theories does Econ have is a much more interesting question than "is Econ a science?", at leat to me. > My personal experience Well this the point. Personnal experience is flawed and unreliable. In my personnal experience, something that weight more should fall faster. This is not the case. Which economic theory enuce clearly the subset of conditions required to be true and fit the refutability criterion? For chemistry: all of them. Are group and ring theory not a science, or are they not mathematics? > It's what the vast majority of people and businesses do with their money. The vast majority of people invest in founds that deals with short-term gambling. Heard of LTCM? They didnt. They said both time, with a different point of view (different bias if you will), that this is too early to draw conclusion. Any rationnal person would do the same. The issue is not really hormones (they are the political reason, but not the technical one). The true issue is the antibotic abuse: this is a bio threat, especially for farmers and rural guys. Let's say you're walking your dog in the countryside. You fall somewhere, it gets infected, so you get some antibiotics. Those antibiotics do not work after 3 days because they were used in the next door farm, and bacteria is used to them. Now you have two solutions: * you are educated (or at least knowledgeable) and you know that if the antibiotics do not show any effect after 3 days, this is caused by resistance, so you go to the doctor again and he gives you type2 antibiotics. * You are not knowledgable and you let the infection get worse. You have two new solutions: * * You're young and in good enough shape: depending on the bacteria type, you will suffer for some time, probably have troubles walking and lasting scars. * * Are you old and/or in a bad shape? Tough luck. Depending on the bacteria type, you might die. Sorry, a bit of-topic, but is kale that expensive? In France it's like twice the price of romanesco (despite being harder to prepare tbh) but still pretty cheap (like 6€/kg). But you force them to compete with you. And this kills people as well: France does not have as much available land as the US does, we cannot squander it away. We can't afford a spill like the one in WV from a few year back, it would kill hundreds of people. and destroy a high percentage of our lands. I'm pretty sure the spill have never made to the national headline: that's how much land you have. In France we would talk about this for years. Our farms are way closer from the cities than yours, we cannot afford to feed our beefs and chickens with antibiotics and just hope for the best and pray it will have no impact. Please understand that we don't have the same population concentration, nor the same money to hide/fix the issues caused by the farming industry. Go visit back-to-landers hippies from the early 70s, they lived quasi of-grid for almost 50 years now, all play music everyday, some of them (the youngest) can still ride their horses everyday, and they eat whatever they grow. Poorest people in the US, poorest than some homeless, but they still live really well, and better than most i shall say. They chose how to live their dreams, did it for ~50 years and still ended up pretty comfortably. If they had the same viewpoint you have, they would probably have lived miserably until an Oxycontin OD. Well, if someone is taking Jung and Freud seriously, not really understanding him/her should be an average reaction. Not paying attention should be the hypersane (or, you know, rational and mysentropic) reaction, and believing the writing the insane/irrationnal reaction. That said Jung made some philosophical points, so you can't reject everything he wrote. But it's not enough to take him seriously. > The global average temperature has been higher than that in the past Yes > there was plenty of oxygen in the atmosphere. Well, citation needed. Because macroeconomy is a large subset of economy, and wereas some subset of macroeconomy are well-understood, how those subsets interact with each other and with human/group psychology, however, is way harder to understand. But also, you can be right for the wrong reason, especially in "soft" sciences.