Interesting indeed. Would you say that this is price is unreasonably high? If I am reading the following article correctly, the target patient population for Zolgensma experience an average of 4.2 hospitalizations a year with a mean cost of $150K per hospitalization (2012 dollars and rates) https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s41669-018-0093-0 The Article is just re-reporting the Albuquerque Journal, which has a better description[1]. The power company (PNM) planned to split the costs of the grid upgrade between wholesale payers and the ratepayers. The regulator ruled that PNM cannot charge the ratepayers, but PNM did not include the the grid upgrade in the contract with Facebook. It seems that the power company is the one stuck holding the bag. [1] https://www.abqjournal.com/ That depends entirely on how much they are paid to delay. A successful pay to delay settlement can be more profitable for the generic than entering the market. That is to say, it is more profitable to share revenue from a monopoly than race to the bottom. A classic example is GSK and TEVA with Lamictal. GSK priced the original drug at $465/dose with $1.5 billion in sales. Teva's Generic was $14/dose. TEVA happily agreed to be paid by GSK because if TEVA had won in court, entered the market, and captured 100%, they would only bring in 50 million a year https://www.fiercepharma.com/regulatory/more-scotus-fallout-... Hi Rob, Great idea! I have ton of questions: 1) If you hope to target low cost renewable power, will you be operating intermittently at peak production, or around the clock? 2) Does negative pricing of power factor in to your business model? 3) Do you think your process could economically compete in the market for grid energy storage? I so, how does the costs and efficiency compare to other methods? Not all mass shootings stem from extremism. Gang violence also falls under the same definition. Also from the business insider: "There is no broadly accepted definition of a mass shooting. The Gun Violence Archive defines a mass shooting as a single incident in which four or more people, not including the shooter, are "shot and/or killed" at "the same general time and location." Another source suggests that death rate from "Islamic terrorism" in the US is somewhere around 1 in 3,500,000. If you presume other types of extremism are similar, there is still a significant difference from the mass shooting rate. https://www.businessinsider.com/how-many-mass-shootings-in-a... https://politicalscience.osu.edu/faculty/jmueller/since.html Gang violence also falls under the same definition. Also from the business insider: "There is no broadly accepted definition of a mass shooting. The Gun Violence Archive defines a mass shooting as a single incident in which four or more people, not including the shooter, are "shot and/or killed" at "the same general time and location." The 1 in 3,500,000 rate is for years 1975 to 2015 and includes the 9/11 attack. Since 2001, the rate is about 6 deaths per year for a total of 100 over 17 years. This gives a post 2001 rate of less than one in 50 million. See page 4 of the previously referenced document. Very good point, I missed that I expect that the countries covering Spinraza will also cover the new Novartis treatment as it will cut costs. https://www.treatsma.uk/treatments/spinraza/spinraza-access-... I'm skeptical that harsher DUI penalties are the appropriate solution. Most states already have significant DUI penalties, and think that increasing them is largely a PR move. Drunk drivers are involved in about 20% of fatal accidents, leaving 80% to other causes[1]. About 30% of fatal accidents involve speeding [2]. Perhaps we should consider similar penalties for speeding as for DUI. Drunk drivers do kill more "innocents" than guns, but also keep in mind that very few gun deaths are innocents. 97% of gun deaths are homicide or suicide [3] https://crashstats.nhtsa.dot.gov/Api/Public/ViewPublication/... https://www.ntsb.gov/news/events/Documents/2017-DCA15SS002-B... https://www.vox.com/future-perfect/2018/12/11/18135976/gun-d... Thanks for pointing that out. I'm not sure how to reconcile the 29% listed in the intro and table 4, with the 20% listed in table 2 and table 3. Table 4 shows BAC >0.01 if you are interested. Regarding your disappointment, human player goes into a game with an intended strategy, how different is this different than selecting a strategy based AI for each game? I would like to rewatch the replays with this in mind, but the AI did appear to transition between different unit compositions and strategies at different points in the game. I wonder the degree to which this was predetermined opposed to reactive. The version they showed in january had full map visual information, but they focused the camera on region with the most actions. The new version is limited to one screen of information at a time as well as a 350ms reaction time. My question is if it can "click" through all possible screens in 1 ms, then click through each screen 350ms later with a reaction. The other question is what constitutes meaningful APM. If only 20% of human APM meaningful do to redundant clicks and hotkey cycling, what is the appropriate AI APM. Here is one of the top google scholar links I found. https://link.springer.com/article/10.2165/00007256-200939060... Or 3. CEO's are superhumanly capable of DECREASING the company's bottom line. The board is paying to minimize their risk of ruin. With consistent good management, mature organization should hope to see incremental growth. Bad management can destroy a company overnight. I think there is a fair distinction to be made between growing the market, and growing the market share. You may find the Econtalk podcast interviewing Dan Pallota interesting. He is a high paid charity consultant (450k) and defends his work and salary. http://www.econtalk.org/pallotta-on-charity-and-the-culture-... Based on the experience you shared, I think the may find the podcast linked below interesting. http://www.econtalk.org/canice-prendergast-on-how-prices-can... Here is the description: "If you have 250 million tons of food to give away every year to local food banks how should you do it? Canice Prendergast of the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business talks with EconTalk host Russ Roberts about how he and a team of economists created an artificial currency and a daily auction for the national food bank Feeding America so that local food banks could bid on the types of food that were the most valuable to them. Prendergast explains the results of the new system and the cultural and practical challenges of bringing prices, even artificial ones, to a world accustomed to giving things away." > I bet a lot of people were happier with it than without. And a lot of Turkeys will end up in the dumpster as well. This mentality is the problem with current medicine. The doctor is not causing harm, they are mitigating it with a less than optimal method. If the tuning forks analysis has better outcome than no assessment, no harm has been done If a doctor has a treatment with 80% efficacy that costs $1,000, and another with 90% efficacy that costs $100,000, there is nothing immoral about giving the patient the choice. "Doing Harm" would be prescribing treatment that leaves the patient worse off than they started. The authorized generics are just screwing over the PBMs who are state mandated, do nothing, middle men with profits equal to the manufacturers. Regarding you anecdote. One potential reason is that the ACA limits the profit margin of insurance to 20% percent of medical spending. This incentivises them to maximize healthcare costs. Switching to Lispro would hurt their bottom line instead of increase it. https://www.healthinsurance.org/obamacare/billions-in-aca-re... I think what I found fascinating and disturbing is how frequently posters will completely disregard the facts presented and construct an imaginary narrative for events. Depending on the group identification of the poster, this counterfactual narrative is either extremely exculpatory or damming. The whole experience gives me a lot more sympathy for those who are judged a jury of their "peers" >Nobody likes state run agencies and everyone loves defunding them. I think there is a general sense of american exceptionalism when it comes to bureaucratic incompetence. It is hard for citizens to point to any well managed government agency. Sometimes this is a self fulfilling prophecy due to defunding, but more often I suspect it is due to lack of accountability and negligence. Take the CA DMV for example. No one is accountable for the horror show that is our backlogged paper based system . If I understand the incremental benifit presented in the article correctly, upgrading to an ev before the useful life of your fuel vehicle is over could increase emissions, as would be buying a a ev as a secondary vehicle just used for commuting I think you have it backwards. If they stop supporting it, it will go down towards 6 yuan per dollar. If you own or want to buy a yuan, 1/6 USD is more value than 1/7 USD, hence the term devalue. Please read the parent comment I was replying to again. >So for the last ten years, it has been closer to 6 RMB/usd than 7 RMB/usd. This couldn’t last, and the yuan’s natural market value was closer to 7 This was an artificial devaluing of their currency. It is called devaluing because it makes Yuan cheaper to buy (more exports from china) and USD harder to buy (less imports to china). From the title article: "China bids up the price of the dollar relative to the yuan by buying dollars with yuan, and then sits on these dollars". >This couldn’t last, and the yuan’s natural market value was closer to 7, even above 7 and maybe even 8. If China does nothing, the RMB falls in value, not rises. Historically, without interference, Yuan increases in value relative to the dollar ( https://www.npr.org/2019/08/05/748155575/chinas-currency-fal... >China's yuan plunged to below 7 per U.S. dollar on Monday morning Seizing the assets of foreign national corporations within the US would be mutual assured financial destruction. Markets would crash and plunge the country into depression/recession as foreign capital flees the US. Given the line of sight limitation for drones, gas power does not add much value. Batteries are usually sufficient to map/photograph the area within range of the operator. Given this limitation, it is often more economical to hire a small plane like a Cessna with an avionics package and a 400 mi range. Repeating my post above: Given the line of sight limitation for drones, gas power does not add much value. Batteries are usually sufficient to map/photograph the area within range of the operator. Given this legal limitation, it is often more economical to hire a small plane like a Cessna with an avionics package and a 400 mi range. I am very curious to see how this will be implemented. Will drivers be entitled to minimum wages from all of the apps they have active, or only when they have a fare? Will there be a single union to bargain with all of the apps, or individual unions? I'm not the poster you replied to, but I can weigh in with my experience. I think the two statements, while similar, are usually employed by those with opposing socioeconomic views. >People don't work in sweatshops because they love the job, they do it because they are desperate >People don't work in sweatshops because they love the job, they do it because its better than any of their alternatives The first statement is often part of a moral argument against exploitation and expressed in conjunction with a an desire or indifference to eliminating the job. The second is usually used in an argument which frames the worker as a rational actor and lacks the moral judgement. A common, if inflammatory, example is sex work. On one hand, sex workers can be seen a desperate, vulnerable, and forced by circumstances into an inherently exploitative relationship. Those that hold this position often believe that sex work should be made or kept illegal to protect the individuals from this exploitation. The alternative framing is that sex workers choose the job because it is the least bad of the available options. Removing the option will only push workers into a less preferable occupation. Either that, or people will go back to driving and using public transportation more and the drivers will leave the labor market. in response to 2 and 3: What about the status quo where gig workers are running 2-5 apps at once. If they are payed between trips, do they collect minimum wage from all companies? If the court rules that Uber drivers are employees per the AB5, my guess is there will be no more drivers with 40 hours a week. Ride sharing companies will just do what fast food has done and cap working hours at 29 per week to avoid healthcare benefits. This will also mean that neither uber or lyft can capture the market, because they will need each-other to supplement hours to the drivers. There are a few more listed in the article and elsewhere: * pre-registered experiments * listing number of regressing models * P-values with no significance declaration Regarding 1) Can the title IX issue be resolved by separating the sport budgets from academic budgets? If the football programs receive no money from the general budget, is their mere existence discriminatory, assuming equal numbers of scholarships are given to female athletes? If that was your experience, then you probably wouldn't mind the "penalty" of deprioritized football playoff tickets. The think the accurate statement is that 1% or product lines have had a shipment sampled. The FDA is not in the business of performing QA testing, that is the job of the manufacturer. It is better to think of them as a legislative body. To be honest, QC and testing has never really been the FDA's job. They perform a one time assessment for safety and effectiveness to prevent the sale of snake oil equivalents. They also have the power to inspect manufacturers periodically (maybe 1 in 100 manufacturers per year). Otherwise testing, QC, and release is self-regulated by the manufacturers. This is actually a huge advantage. As I understand it, there would be no need to accelerated to GEO before docking with the station. The earth side of the teather would travel at about 10% of GEO. This is a large savings in energy expenditure because kinetic energy is m*v^2 The paper actually points out and hints some very interesting implications. It could also serve to stabilize a station at the L1 lagrange point. Such a station could be permanent as it would not need reaction mass to maintain orbit. If you couple this with cheap material from the lunar surface, you could create truly massive habitats from thin plastic sheeting from earth and regolith from the moon. The really interesting part is that the elevator would not be in a true geostationary orbit traveling at ~3000m/s. instead it would be traveling at 100m/s at the same height. The delta-V to reach GEO without the radial velocity to maintain it is closer to 10 km/s if you use the partial escape velocity equation. This is pretty huge as mass required to achieve delta-V is nonlinear. you dont even need a smelter/forger if you want to build a massive space colony at the L1 lagrange point (which the moon elevator would pass through). Just pack the raw lunar regolith into prefab plastic sheeting similar. this is similar in concept to inflatable space habitats with the added benefit of radiation protection and thermal insulation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inflatable_space_habitat And likely less expensive than the international space station. The proposed mass of the lunar elevator is 40,000 kg, and does not include life support. The mass of the ISS is 419,725 kg and cost ~150 billion. For comparison, direct appropriations for the 2003-2010 war in Iraq (in addition to the defense budget) were 1.1 trillion. We currently dock with the ISS which is traveling 10X faster. I think it would easily burn up in the atmosphere. With With a compact, people are putting their own money at stake, have skin in the game, and a concrete goal With taxes, people are usually putting someone else's money at stake, hope some of it goes where they want, and move on. *edited for grammar and clarity Even more amazing when you compare it to Intel with a p/e of 11 That depends on your definition of sustainable. Most almonds are/were grown using sacramento river, which can provide a self replenishing source of water. It is more of a water use issue than a sustainability issue. I think many will assume the comment is flame-bait because lack of genetic diversity isn't really a problem. The entire human species had a population less than the current UK for the the majority of its 350,000 yr existence. Most of this time it operated in small related communities where diversity was much lower. Some have hypothesized that the global human population was as low as 2000 individuals for as long as 100,000 yrs. [1] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2427203/ My guess is that it has to do with low worker motivation, both from lack of individual incentives and organizational inertia. My friends in government jobs know what their promotions will be for the next 30 years and there is no allowance for variability based on personal performance. This prevents nepotism and corruption, but also means that leadership is based on seniority, not competence. It would be interesting to see how successful governments manage promotion of talent. As long as the lines are still running at max capacity, you are still taking the same number of vehicles off the road. If you extend the period of max-capacity, you taking more cars off the road. The question is if the benefit of more revenue and environmental savings warrants making the secretaries an cashiers adapt to less efficient schedules (eg come in earlier, stay later) I agree that it is sad, but it is a real consideration. Nearly every environmental proposal has the potential increase hardship on low earners. Most commonly, this comes in the form of higher costs for consumer products, utilities, and housing. There are are a lot of similarities with road congestion pricing going into effect in San Diego and NYC, and planned for LA and SF. Who will bear the greater burden, high earners who can easily pay the fee or low earners with rigid schedules. I agree with your conclusion, but I'm not so confident "moneyed" special interest groups are the issue. I could speculate it has more to do with voter interest priorities in general. Take California DMV for example. The DMV is led by state governor appointees. No governor will be voted in or out office based on DMV improvement performance. Running government services well hardly ranks in voters minds Most American approve of THEIR congressmen by wide margins (50%+ for, 35% against, 15% no opinion) (Scroll down) https://news.gallup.com/poll/1600/congress-public.aspx That simply isn't how the Supreme (or any) court works. Perhaps there is a servitude issue at hand, but that is not the argument that the plaintiff made. There very likely were thousands of stars in the paths of the jets as they passed through the galactic bulge at the center of the galaxy. Our galaxy gets thicker in the galactic center and the bulge is 3000+ light years thick and contains an estimated 10 million stars. Database and records issues aside, it seems that the constitutional amendment was pretty clear: "No. 4 Constitutional Amendment Article VI, Section 4. Voting Restoration Amendment This amendment restores the voting rights of Floridians with felony convictions after they complete all terms of their sentence including parole or probation. The amendment would not apply to those convicted of murder or sexual offenses, who would continue to be permanently barred from voting unless the Governor and Cabinet vote to restore their voting rights on a case by case basis." If the fees are part of parole or probation, then the felons should be not be able to vote. Does florida not have a database of who is or isn't on probation? If the fees are not part of parole or probation, the new law should be clearly unconstitutional. I'm not sure how the law is actually skirting the constitutional amendment. It seems to actively conflicting with it. I updated my post to be more clear. If parole is tracked and the felons are not on the list, then I'm not sure it even counts as a technicality. I agree the desired effect is likely the same. >Apparently not when it comes to fees owed as part of that. I think there is another more likely answer: Probation is tracked, fees have not traditionally been considered a requirement for probation completion, and the legislature is trying to shift the lines. Legally, rights can be taken away by the government. For example, prison inmates do not have the right to bear arms. Here is a decent wikipedia article on it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner_Law That does seem to be the most defensible argument. Why do you think regaining the right to vote should be more difficult, and for that matter, lost at all? In my opinion, loss of the right to bear arms only makes sense for violent offenders. Im not sure what the argument is for the loss of the right to vote is. Is it simply punitive? A deterrent? My understanding of the article is it applies to those who completed probation, not those who's probation is ongoing or revoked. So I found the law and you are correct that it is clear what fees are in and out of scope, despite the several articles i read to the contrary. The relevant portion starts at line 1345: https://www.flsenate.gov/Session/Bill/2019/7066/BillText/er/... The fun part about this is that it is publicly disclosed information. Blizzard revenue for Q1 & Q2 2019 were 88% in Americas and EMEA, with 12% in Asia Pacific. The percents are unchanged from 2018. https://investor.activision.com/news-releases/news-release-d... How is that different than just saying anything you don't like is bullying? China is within its rights to demand Blizzard censor content. US user/viewers are within their rights to criticize and boycott them. Blizzard is within its right to change their policy or ignore the criticism. Yeah, Most of the coverage of the outage has been complete garbage fueling and fueled by public resentment. I was listening to NPR forum yesterday and people were calling in and complaining that PG&E was continuing their tree trimming activities during the outage. The expert panel empathized with caller outrage opposed to pointing out trimming is countionious activity. One partial explanation is a portion of the public and government that want to take control of the infrastructure from PG&E and make it state owned. >Are they demanding that Blizzard "censor content" or is Blizzard trying to stray away from politics? I expect there is some of both. Fear of government intervention and fear of public backlash in China. I agree it is very understandable that blizzard would want to be apolitical and discourage divisive speech. The question is what to do once the speech has occured, because now blizzard is in the hot seat where their response can be REALLY divisive. I personally think the response was overly putative, especially the firing of the hapless hosts. Especially so, given that 90% of their business is outside of asia, and only a fraction of the remainder is in China. The question remains where customers will accept blizzard drawing the line. They would be equally within their legal rights to restrict streamers, game chat, or out of game speech. Do you think their core business lines have room to grow 400%? Alternatively, can they cut costs 75% with their R&D investments? No, because this often repeated trope simply isnt true. Government funding usually is very early in r&d, (think lots of small grants for tens of thousands of dollars which have 1 in a million chance of succes). private industry takes the outputs and spends about 2 billion dollars per sucesscul drug screening and further developing it. It is like saying a large part of web development is government funded because tc/ip came from a government lab It is a tough problem, patients expect doctors to prescribe the best possible care, and doctors think it is amoral to take financial impact into account. Ideally, the doctor would be able to help the patient understand the trade off and make an informed decision. No they cant. The pharmacy benefit managers would drop the products and it is illegal for the manufactures to sell direct to hospitals It is more complicated than that. Pharma companies dont get paid by insurance companies. They must go through federally mandated pharmacy benefit managers. The benefit managers keep the rebate, but charge list prices, so they have an incentive to drive up both I think the more relevant example is how the US manages investment in critical transportation infrastructure, and that doesnt even require innovation. They are the same multinational firms operating in other countries and selling the same drugs. But you nor your hospital paid the pharma company, they paid the PBM >There was never any need for crypto currency Of course there was and still is. The three main purposes as I see them are as follows: 1) International money transfer free of regulatory oversight. 2) Anonymous purchase and money laundering 3) Decentralized currency free of government manipulation - Bitcoin falls short of this. Cryptocurrency is a great solution for all of these needs. Of course I agree that most currencies add little or no value to their core product, especially the ICO crowd. I think black market purchases fall pretty clearly under #2 above. >If it were truly for values, I'd expect alcohol to be removed from shelves as well. Not sure why everything has to be black and white. An individual or corporation can hold values that are against smoking but ok with alcohol. Picking one and not the other does not invalidate the value. >Anecdotally, and ironically, most of the people that are aware CVS made this move are inconvenienced smokers. I'd expect a huge continued marketing campaign around this endeavor in the US, but it hasn't been as strong as many other less impressive campaigns. This is not surprising or ironic if the action was based more on ethics and less on PR/ virtue signaling. I don't think your points are mutually exclusive. In both cases, negligent government policy is fueling the deaths. They are killing chronic pain sufferers and addicts alike, and addicts are sick humans too. >You want folks with money to have “more free speech” and don’t see anything wrong with that? Yes, I don't see anything wrong with that. If I choose to print 1,000 flyers to hand out, I am using money to amplify my voice. Do you see anything wrong with this? Facebook Ads are no different. I think your numbers are pretty far off if you look at Facebook financial statements, and a more accurate cost would be around $200/yr for a daily user [1]. US & Canada had 189 million daily users and a quarterly Ad revenue of 8.487 Billion dollars. That is $45 per user per quarter. [1] https://s21.q4cdn.com/399680738/files/doc_financials/2019/q3... A more accurate cost would be around $200/yr for a daily user [1]. US & Canada had 189 million daily users and a quarterly Ad revenue of 8.487 Billion dollars. That is $45 per user per quarter. [1] https://s21.q4cdn.com/399680738/files/doc_financials/2019/q3... . >The truck drivers who lose their jobs will get new ones. Or they won't, and we will have a wave a depression, suicide, and populism. The critical factor is the rate of change. > we understand them for what they are. Im not sure if I understand what you are trying to say they were. Are you claiming that Mao and Stalin were sadists? I think it is more plausible they were altruistically motivated (greater good, ect). Inconsistency has been the known challenge of renewable for decades. You also need to duplicate the entire energy production infrastructure so that we can operate on 100% fossil fuels if the wind isnt blowing and the sun isnt shining. >Workers do not have control over the fund choices they have in their 401k. Cant they just transfer the balace to a 401k of their choice with better options? if you chose to pay fr it, it is at least worth that much. Sure, there may be a more valuable film that was never made, but that doesn't negate the net positive. I can understand but disagree with folks who don't believe in creative rights, but don't really understand your argument. If the entertainment industry has gotten gross and stagnant, it seems like the solution is to not consume it, not pirate it. This just seems like a thin excuse to steal. If people don't believe in digital copyrights, why don't they just say that instead of going on about pricing and bundles. If your mother in law is on the account and everyone on your account gets the family plan, it would make sense that each household has access. I think there is some truth to what you say, but you would be more productive if you approached the "problem" from a place of empathy, like the article discusses. A lot changes after high school/college which frankly makes learning more difficult.The nature of brain development changes, people acquire new priorities like jobs, children, and family. Additionally, they have more cognitive inertia to work against. If you are implying that harsh attacks are required to snap them out of a deep set belief, and I don't agree and have never seen it work in the real world. >Of course context matters and no sweeping generalizations can be made, but (as per the example in the article) making your grandma cry by articulating her self-inflicted harm due to smoking is, imo, much kinder and empathic than being "understanding" and keep quite maintaining her short-term good mood. That is only true if you believe making the grandma cry is in some way productive or helpful. If not, it is simply cruel. That said, I think this example isn't the best for the article's message. Where would you place saying nothing in your hierarchy. I think that saying nothing is better than being right and mean, because being right and mean is usually counter productive and reinforces the wong belief. Humans are simply wired to use aggression as overriding evidence of the person being wrong. If your goal is to change minds, it just doesn't work. This is entirely goal specific. Your position is fine when you don't need to build consensus. It would be interesting to see how the rates compare to other professions. >More than 80 law enforcement officers working today in California are convicted criminals So 80/80,000 have some sort of misdemeanor conviction. I wonder how many of those are serious and how the rate compares to doctors, politicians, and engineers I agree that there are fringe cases where individuals can separate emotional reactions from factual arguments. I would argue that it is the exception to the norm, and there is usually an implicit understanding of mutual respect My experience is that saying something and being mean leads to others doubling down on their position, unfair or not because you made yourself an enemy. Orca whales and dolphins also will hunt larger prey. One on my favorite examples is that of the orcas in Eden Australia. The orcas would shepard baleen whales to whaling vessels in the bay, then help the whalers kill them in exchange for the tongue and lips of the prey. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killer_whales_of_Eden,_New_Sou... >People complain about how slow the DMV is, but if you ask them if they want their car registration fees increased to reduce waits, most will say "no". Despite one of the highest fees in the country, my DMV took 4 months to transfer a vehicle registration. At one point I spoke to an employee who told me they needed to go find the the appropriate microfiche to print the next form needed to continue processing. Not op, but I do think that many employees at my company dont distinguish between between republicans and kkk homophobes. >at which point we'll have a conversation, and at which point I am morally allowed to no longer tolerate you. Not op, but curious what actions or behavior you think becomes fair game. That depends on if the bank in question is subject to the federal regulations. Demand for stock is not determined by the number of outstanding shares. Buybacks are routinely priced above the list prise to ensure sales. Once the buyback occurs, the only change in corporate value should reflect the improved financial fundamentals of the company. Yes, along with 100 million other Americans who bank with credit unions. On the contrary, What is a reasonable cost/car overhead at scale for the following: 1) email + snail mail registration reminder 2) accept digital payments 3) maintain database of registered vehicles I couldn't disagree more. Walnut is an example of what happens when amateurs move into an industry without understanding the fundamentals or doing sufficient dillagence. There is no reason that Co-op workers and IT can't be paid market rates. Worker co-ops have a long and successful history. In their favor, they can run at lower costs, treat workers better, and avoid inefficient worker/owner conflicts of interest. The reason we don't see more, is because it is much harder to get off the ground without equity investment. Essentially, there is no exit to excite investors. Not if you set the correct requirements. It would be interesting to see if chess is more or less popular now. Questions of endless economic growth are a red herring/off topic. If exponential economic growth is possible now, then it should be invested in now. If yields change in the future, investment should be reassessed. You are assuming that increased resource consumption always is tied to increased GDP. Others have argued that once GDP hits a threshold, both incremental and total resource consumption decreases. For example, a richer economy might replace physical goods with digital goods which have higher value and lower resource demand. [1] Check out Andrew McAfee on More from Less >because any level of exponential growth with any level of resource consumption can't be reconciled with a finite universe. I think you misread my post. Real world growth with negative or zero resource consumption can be reconciled with a finite universe. On a mathematical level, there is no reason that GDP can not go infinite in a finite universe as GDP does not need material inputs. Just Curious: In what way is the continual improvement of tools a motivation to keep editing? Do you think that $40 million is a reasonable cost for those improvements? Seems like a terrible investment for the Gates foundation. It is highly visible and has ample public funding. Additionally, it appears that it has no budget control. Thanks for responding! So perhaps the issue is that there are two cases being conflated. In the practical sense, there is ample room for GDP growth on Earth in the immediate future. A huge portion of the population is underdeveloped while only a fraction of the world's natural resources have been extracted. Data also suggests GDP in developed economies can be increased while total resource consumption decreases once areas reach. If someone is going to make a hypothetical mathematical/universal scale argument, I think it worth pointing out that GDP is accounting construct, with no inherent tie to material reality. For example two people could sell each other arbitrary services, (eg silence), and charge arbitrary sums. >Without corporate taxes, foreign investors could extract all profits from a company, without paying any income tax in its country of residence. Howso? You still have income tax and capital gains tax. I'm not sure if you are being sarcastic or not, but somebody owns that property and is paying income or capital gains on any realized profit. As long as berkshire hathaway is paying capital gains on every investment, why would you care if the money stays invested in the company? This is a review paper. As someone who frequently conducts literature searches, I find these review papers critical to my work. If taken at face value, a it lets me know that I need not look further. If not, it is a starting point for cross-references. That said, I would have liked to see a methods section with a list of search terms. There is obviously a tradeoff between risk and speed. The article provides evidence that speed is increasing. I don't think the article provides any compelling argument that approvals are too fast. Do you? I thought the FDA summed it it up well in the article: >“We would expect every once in a while that we would be wrong,” with an accelerated approval, she said. “Otherwise, we aren’t taking any chances, we are still making them wait too long to get their hands on this therapy that will extend their lives.” Im not familiar with his work, but from what you posted, it seems Prasad takes issue with the use of surrogate end points in trials, not fast track approvals. I tend to agree that surrogates and bio markers are a huge problem, but think they are a necessary evil. Drug development would screech to a halt if developers had to wait another 4-5 years for survival data. What we need is more Pase 4 postmarket trials with direct endpoints. Interestingly, the paper linked shows that in some respects, fast tracked drugs have a better track reccord. This shouldnt be surprising as the best drugs are fast tracked. >18 drugs failed to improve overall survival (in 6 of 15 accelerated approvals and in 12 of 21 traditional approvals) I was skeptical at first, but you are right Today, there are ~77 million Americans over 60. In 2040, there will be ~100 million Americans over 60. I thought so as well, but it simply isn't true. Total number of folks in their 60s will continue to grow. Today, there are ~77 million Americans over 60. In 2040, there will be ~100 million Americans over 60. You can play with the numbers here. https://www.populationpyramid.net/united-states-of-america/2... 49% of a growing company is better than 51% of a failed company. 49% voting shares plus 51 other investors is still de facto control. I agree there will be a small peak, but there is no cliff on the other side. 5 years is a pretty small range to look at 10 years you get the following: There are 37.5 million folks in their 60s now. There will be 40 million folks in their 60s in 2030 there will be 39 million folks in their 60s in 2040. Thanks. Its shocking how many posters in that thread thought it was entirely appropriate for the state to retain the profits. Sorry for any confusion, I looked at the numbers both ways. As posted elsewhere: There are 37.5 million folks in their 60s now. There will be 40 million folks in their 60s in 2030. There will be 39 million folks in their 60s in 2040. I think the controversial idea is that the USA healthcare system is operating on the same efficiency curve as other developed nations. That is to say, a socialized healthcare system with the same spending is unlikely to provide any improvements in life expectancy. Causation isn't mutually exclusive. The relationship between obesity and heart disease is clearly causative. Any causation between income and obesity does not negate this.. This is an important distinction. It is much worse than that. 40% of american men are obese, which,for the average body type, is ~50 lbs above normal. From wikipedia: >The National Center for Health Statistics at the CDC showed that 39.6% of US adults age 20 and older were obese as of 2015-2016 (37.9% for men and 41.1% for women).[1] Obesity in an adult is defined as a BMI of 30 and above. The Average american male is 5'10. A "normal healthy" BMI of 22 is 153 lbs. A BMI of 30 is 209 lbs. [2] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obesity_in_the_United_States [2] https://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health/educational/lose_wt/BMI/bmi... Broadly speaking, yes. The post suggests that we are operating in a regime where outcomes are insensitive to cost. I would never claim that income/poverty is the root cause of obesity, as obesity poorly correlated with income in the US. Obesity is prevalent in both the middle class and poor, with the middle class slightly leading the poor[1] >39% of people ≤130% of the federal poverty line (FPL) are obese. >40.8% of people 130 to 350% of the FPL are obese. While individuals should be brought out of poverty for other reasons, it is not a cure-all for obesity. If anything can be implied by the correlation, it will make the problem worse, and the healthcare system should prepare for this. [1] https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/66/wr/mm6650a1.htm >society is in pretty damn good shape considering how safe modern vehiclular travel is While driving at large is safe, there are a few high risk subsets of driving: speeding, drunk driving, and inclimate weather. GPs in the US also tell people to exercise and lose weight. >Second potential bias is possibly how many patients continued with "bad behaviours" after the surgery vs. the stent. My understanding is that open heart surgical intervention is much more effective at inducing behavior change. If so, what does that imply that cardiologists should recommend? Should a more invasive procedure be used, simply for the fact it is more invasive? Should the stenting procedure be made more painful? I would like to learn more. Do you have a source? Thanks! And James Watt based horsepower itself on the 1700s horse-to-mining pony ratio. I think you are making of conflating how a socially raised human would behave in the the wild with how a feral human would behave. Despite nearly 8 billion people on Earth, we have very little data on human cognitive development when isolated from other humans. I think this may be the same data/paper for free : https://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/ninthmars2019/pdf/6027.pdf >Actual evidence consistently shows that mild penalties with a high probability of enforcement are most effective at maximizing compliance. I find it hard to believe that mild penalties are more effective deterent than high penalties and high enforcement. That said, the punishment should still fit the crime I get what you are saying about tipping points, but in your example, but i would fault a bad law, not the enforcement. If the speed limits are universally hated, the community should raise them. Instead they chose to ignore and arbitrarily enforce them, most likely against minorities and the poor. Why keep undesireable laws on the book? The public should want the law enforced. I think /r/PoliticalDiscussion is a great example of this. Up until 2016 there was a lot of active debate and ~50k subscribers. Now there are ~750k subscribers and only ~2 posts allowed per day. Must be exhausting for the mods. I wonder if the same company could silo content to address this effect. Essentially have the same staff support multiple sites with identical backends. One which is child friendly, one racists, one for porn, ect. If creators get flagged too much, they just get bumped to a different silo, but you still take their money. In this example, what is fairness, if not the most accurate prediction possible? That is incredibly vague. What effect and what policy? Abstaining from topics where you have conflicts of interests IS integrity. I tend to agree, but think that there is a line somewhere where it become price gouging. What if Lyft or uber have data that you have a flight to catch, are 9 months pregnant, or disabled? >Since it's illegal to hire based on intelligence in the US, we have to come up with other proxies for it. Where are you getting this from? Mental disability is a protected class but not the same as intelligence. Interesting read, as was https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ricci_v._DeStefano I'm glad I don't have to worry about hiring. Seems like employers are caught in a catch-22. Yes, This is essentially the only model in Pharma and bio-med. I think another factor is that it is much harder to defend high risk investment from corruption and cronyism. >her job is literally to create javascript notifications of company policy, I think there is a reasonable difference between security notifications and other corporate policies. Were non-security notifications in scope for their job or the tool used? >by an employee whose job it was to do exactly this kind of thing.. I think this is the crux of the issue and people are making up the facts they don't have to fit a narrative. There is a reasonable difference between security notifications and other corporate policies. Were any non-security notifications in scope for their job or the tool used? Is there precedent for google flagging specific external websites with HR policy notices? it is not uncommon do mothball planes and return them to service. Here is a decent article from when many were mothballed in 2009: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/airlines-park-idle-planes-in-th... My understanding is that the carboniferous was a particularly productive coal forming period, but in no way unique. The majority of the coal on earth has been formed since the carboniferous and the process is ongoing today. Figure 1 in the link below provides a good demonstration of north american coal formation over time/ https://www.pnas.org/content/113/9/2442 I Think there is some confusion between coal formation rate and coal formation volume. My understanding is that more coal has been formed since the cretaceous than during the cretaceous. Figure 1 in the link below provides a good demonstration of north american coal formation over time. https://www.pnas.org/content/113/9/2442 I would love to see the numbers on that. What i often seen is the number of teens who have vaped in the last year compared to habitual smokers If someone doesn't hit FU at $1M in the bank, you probably never will, which is ok. $1M is about 20 years of coast on a modest bay area mortgage + family healthcare. I'm not the original commenter, but I think you are vastly oversimplifying the situation. Most jobs are not black and white in one category or the other. There are people who will never be completely happy with any job, and there are local maxima, where one might not reasonably expect a better fit to exist. >Or am I giving the average person too much credit? Another consideration is that this is an irrelevant question for your average person, or even 99.9% of the population. Would you say the same of candy, alcohol, or videogames? Why not? If you have a partner, you would be able to cover half a mortgage, and if not you can get a roommate. I know tons of people who aren't in tech that make ~50K. It makes sense because 50K is pretty close to the median per capita income in SF [1] and a starting teachers salary [2]. [1] https://smartasset.com/retirement/average-salary-in-san-fran... [2] https://www.salary.com/research/salary/benchmark/public-scho... Perhaps that gets at my intended point, which is that different people have different comfort and stability thresholds. If someone doesn't feel comfortable leaving a job to bet on a startup project with 20 years of mortgage payments in the bank, it is unlikely they ever will. A million dollar home mortgage is about 5k a month. Half is 2.5k/mo, or 30k a year. How so? 3k a month is a lot of fun money. I wholeheartedly agree 50K is a miserable salary in the Bay, but the original premise was $1M in the bank: >I feel like it is hard for people to say what they truly love before they have at least $1M in their bank account. If you have FU money, your view on working at a FAANG vs building a startup can change. You will find it easier to know what you truly LOVE The question wasn't if you can retire, or live of the investment income, but one of perceived finical security. If someone is too afraid to try working at a startup with $1M cash in the bank, it is unlikely they ever will. Even if someone has kids and family, $1M provides a huge buffer to find a new job if the startup doesn't work out. Maybe 20 years is a stretch, but I am utterly baffled that other posters think this would only cover 2 years of spending... >A substantial portion of the population believes it. I think it is somewhat disingenuous to suggest that these people were simply duped. The average person has tons of exposure to government incompetence in other arenas. Being wildly expensive and vulnerable does not necessarily mean it can't provide $13B of value You might find the the paper [1] and HN submission interesting. I believe it addresses every concern you raised, and comes to the opposite conclusion. [1] https://fermatslibrary.com/s/the-silurian-hypothesis-would-i... [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21840320 Many federal, state, and county employees already alternate Fridays off. I think getting rid of employer based healthcare would be a huge step forward towards this type of flexibility. I think most employers would be more open to this, but know they have fixed costs per employee and it is too difficult to to determine what a pro rated salary would be. better yet, separate 401K and all other benefits while you are at it It would be interesting to find out how many US workers actually do 40/8 Based on this [1] paper, 85% of white collar workers are exempt from the 40 hour week limit. p38560, https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-2015-07-06/pdf/2015-1... Google and the OP are failing in different ways. Google is failing to identify and extract more valuable labor from OP. OP failing to manage their emotional engagement is a separate criticism. I think it is just an optimal solution for large companies with disposable income. A company I worked at hired smart engineer with a masters from Berkeley, and then tasked him with breaking down cardboard boxes and other mundane tasks. The fact that they were grossly overqualified for any of the tasks was a advantage because they were flexible, and reliably needed no oversight. If money isn't an object, why not get the best tools possible. The problem is not a zero sum game. There is no reason to believe that private capital used to convert coal to gas would be spent instead on renewables. Additionally, 100% renewables is not viable today outside of specific locations with concentrated hydroelectric power. Not to mention the costs to offset the carbon impact of the pony's feed. Do you have any information you can share regarding the highway? I live next to one This is fairly common in M&A and is called a "reverse termination or reverse breakup fee". In addition to the direct cost of having a deal fall through, you can imagine other damages from having a major competitor scrutinize your books. Some notable reverse break up fees include: * a 6 Billion dollar fee AT&T incurred for failing to complete a purchase of T-mobile. * A 10 Billion fee (avoided) if Verizon backed out of buying Vodafone's stake in Verizon. I tend to agree.It will be interesting to see how post-boomers reconcile the pervasiveness you mention with their safety minded pro-scocial worldview. Both are obviously a gamble, but pharma is more of a black box than tech. As an investor, I can make an informed option whether there is a market for subscription indoor cycles like an Peloton. I could be wrong, but I can look up the market numbers and weigh them against my personal experience and world view. When it comes to pharma, almost nobody has domain expertise of the subject. To put it another way, the leading risk in tech is market adoption, while the leading risk pin Biopharma is technical feasibility. I'm curious what part of the experiment you find objectionable and why. Is it the destruction of a life-form? Is it the creation of a different life form? Why does it matter if they are equivalent? It is unclear what differentiates EQRx from other pharma companies. As the article points out: >The idea of creating a “fast-follower” — a new drug that is much like an existing one — is anything but new. All I see is the claim to come in with competitive pricing - something else that is anything but new. >But fast-followers do not compete on price, because lowering price has not historically resulted in selling more units of a drug. Yeah, I believe a number of biosimilars have entered the market with steep discounts as well. I'm still skeptical. It seems like this approach would be harder than making a biosimilar drug, which still takes >$100 million and 5-8 years. Pharmacies are not allowed to fill will biologic generics without FDA bio-interchangeable approval, which no biologic in the US has obtained. They would not be able to substitute an alternative drug either. I don't understand how researchers can meaningfully separate European and US RND. The pharmaceutical Market is international and both us and European companies expect to commercialize in both regions What do you mean by there are only legal protections for generics? As I understand it, original developers have the protections, not generics . >although personally I've always wondered why this is desirable Most people finding waiting to board unpleasant and want it over ASAP. For me personally, it is often less comfortable in the terminal for a number of reasons. The climate and noise is worse, I must keep an eye on luggage, and I have a mild anxiety about inexplicably losing my documentation or becoming too engrossed in whatever activity I am doing while I wait. Alternatively, I could be sitting, stretching, taking off my shoes, ordering a drink, and focusing my full attention work/entertainment/sleep for that 20 minutes. It is still much more pleasant to do it sitting down with a drink, than breaking focus every 30 seconds to check your boarding status. I would never consider waiting in a lounge past the start of boarding. The risk of having to reschedule a $5K flight is to great to justify the reward. If I'm not going to be in the lounge, I'm back to minimizing the time at the gate. I don't think we can make that claim. There is no reason to believe the problems will affect both algorithms the same way. Some may be more fragile or failure resistant to different failure modes. >Second, often this “awareness” is completely absent, even among volunteers. I ran a race once where the primary charity was lung cancer research, and volunteers along the course were smoking. What exactly is the issue with volunteers smoking? Is it that they might physically or emotionally trigger someone? I dont even think you need the explosion. You can imagine two gas sheets sliding along eachother. All of the vortices formed between them will spin in the same plane. You can imagine similar trends for interacting spheres and other geometries. I am honestly still missing exactly what the poster finds offensive. Is it a fear of second hand smoke related illness? Do they find the irony upsetting? Something else Yes, cigarettes cause lung cancer. Does that mean smokers should be disqualified for volunteering at a lung cancer charity? They probably have more of a vested interest in the charity than the general population.