Hm? Windows was first released in November of '85, and the first release that achieved significant popularity was released in '87. Do you mean to say IBM regarded the Apple Macintosh as a toy? I guess I can understand the first two, but you'd take Java over Ruby? Really? I've always wondered why Nokia doesn't do more marketing in the US. I've never had a bad experience with a Nokia phone, and I definitely plan to keep buying phones from them for the foreseeable future. Their development process looks pretty nice too, though they could use a few pointers on making a professional website: http://developer.symbian.org/ The biggest problem, as I see it, is that certain apps only work with certain phones, forcing wonderful things like OggPlay to make extensive lists of which phones they support, and you could conceivably end up having to do research before buying a phone to see if it supports what you need, which is too much effort for most people. I think that Dalvik provides a great way to address this for Android, but we won't see a whole lot of Android phones for some time now, probably not until Q1 2010. Symbian and Android are far more open, though, which I think is what has some people irked. I can't imagine it does any good for the environment, at least not until >five years from now. Producing a car isn't exactly easy on the environment, and requiring people to buy new cars isn't going to help. The title is somewhat misleading; what's actually happening is that they finally observed spin-charge separation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spinon The results around 22 aren't too surprising: most people will probably quickly figure out that the target cannot possibly be above 66.67, but few will realize that this implies that the target will be below 44.44. If you assume the guesses will be randomly distributed from 0 - 66, you get a target of 22, which isn't a bad guess for most of the times this experiment was performed on the proles. I have a personal stenographer. >without a proper solution that doesn't involve the words "boycott" or "jailbreak" Why not buy a different phone, perhaps one that does what you want? Eric Schmidt and Scott McNealy are the trivial ones, I guess, though Sun never got into the consumer market. Perhaps Shuttleworth? Sounds overblown. Carbapenems ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbapenem ) are beta-lactam antibiotics that are resistant to all [previously] known beta-lactamases. This seems to be a newer beta-lactamase, but that certainly wouldn't confer resistance to non-beta-lactam antibiotics like chloramphenicol. It's a matter of serious concern like any other new antibiotic-resistant bug, but it's by no means "resistant to all known antibiotics". In fact, MRSA was already resistant to carbapenems, having lost all D-alanine residues in it's cell wall. Phage therapy is also an option for bacterial infections that are resistant to all available antibiotics, though it's not very popular in the West (it's mostly used in Russia). That ignores the size of the polynomial, doesn't it? If the fastest polynomial-time proof finding algorithm is O(n^50), it's not going to do much good. "Since then, it has found its way into all major operating systems, including GNU/Linux, BSD, and Solaris. It's also available for the Microsoft® Windows® operating systems as a third-party commercial package." I don't think that you can really exclude Windows from the category "major operating systems". It might not be your favorite operating system (it certainly isn't mine), but give the devil his due. I liked the idea behind http://twi.bz/ , which at least shows the domain name behind the link. It doesn't make for quite as short links as tr.im &c though. What about moot and weev? They're not members of the open source community, but they are notorious. I think it was really a joke he played on the Rails guys. The original presentation is here: http://www.zedshaw.com/repository/rubyenrails2008/build/ruby... and it seems to me that it'd be easy to realize it was more or less a joke; the tone of the presentation didn't seem very serious ("Sounds like Erlang, so it's fast!"). On the other hand, maybe that's how Rails presenations typically are; I was never part of that scene. 12chan? Perhaps, but they would no longer have an incentive to kill people as they were going about it. That's really what we'd like to end. If they had a public presence (which they'd need if they were going to compete in a world of legal weed),they wouldn't be able to commit violent crimes. Hell, they probably wouldn't be as bad as most businesses. Now Google shows this comment page first and the Badabingle search engine second. It's funny how quickly the updates come. Hell, the way things work these days, he could leave a comment on a popular news aggregator: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factor_(programming_language)#c... or even just a post on twitter: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leave_This_Town#cite_note-1 Is it worth arguing over which blogging software is better? Use what works for you. This guy's points -- Wordpress is the Windows of blogging, etc -- some people are looking for Windows. A lot of people host Wordpress on cheap Dreamhost accounts and don't want to think about security; they'll probably just restore from backups if something goes wrong. It's the sort of thing that I'd figure makes security guys pull out their hair, but it's the market wordpress serves. seL4! ...wait, that's cheating, isn't it? I came here to post this. The solar "gold rush" of 2006-08 was precipitated by companies like HelioVolt claiming they could achieve panel production for under $1/watt. Cheaper solar panels won't kill the industry, it will make it economically viable on the large scale. If this article's predictions are correct, it's probably time to invest--if you know the right company, that is. If you ask me, #3 should be "aerobic metabolisms". It seems like a pretty significant development. This lua paper looks interesting, though I don't like the way they pass code as strings: http://docs.google.com/gview?a=v&q=cache:G3KOwdPfnsAJ:ww... I've checked out both concurrentlua and luaproc in the past and they seem quite similar (both use cooperative scheduling via co-routines). I initially liked luaproc more because the channel-based message passing approach in luaproc seems to me to be inherently more flexible than message passing based on process id's. luaproc leads to a particularly elegant implementation for the chameneos-redux benchmark, for example. concurrentlua seems more maintained, though; it showed up on luaforge more than a year ago and its latest update was in May, which to me means that the creator is interested in continuing the project. I believe this is the paper that introduced concurrentlua: http://docs.google.com/gview?a=v&q=http://www.google.com... luaproc's luaforge page is here, for comparison's sake: http://luaforge.net/projects/luaproc It seems like drop-boxes, like the ones used to return library books, could be built into the rooms in new apartment buildings. That would probably solve the delivery problem except when shipping really big packages (e.g. televisions). I've always preferred "waltz, bad nymph, for quick jigs vex", as it's the shortest one that uses simple words and has a straightforward sentence structure. I'm assuming the effects on humans are different for different types of radiation and different types of exposure; as I recall, lung cancer deaths are significantly higher in regions where radon (an alpha-emitter) emissions from granite are above average. There's a funny thing about dedication in that it doesn't really feel like dedication if you're interested enough in what you're doing. I can recall stealing my father's old college calculus book out of the the top cabinet when I was in third grade and reading through it at night when I was supposed to be asleep, purely out of boredom with the math we were taught at that level. By then, I barely had any concept of a variable, and yet I somehow managed to teach myself a decent portion of calculus in the next three years. These days, I struggle to apply that level of effort to anything I'm required to do. For the record, Google also distributes its own version of Linux to customers, whereas Amazon and Facebook do not. It'd still be nice to see them contribute, of course. As for Yahoo, it runs on FreeBSD, actually. They provide hosting to the FreeBSD project, though I don't know if they write any code. Isn't that what l4linux does? ( http://l4linux.org/ ) &totse users ran tests of zfs-fuse back in the day and found that it was actually noticeably slower than native ext3. From that, I'm inclined to argue the opposite: filesystems should almost definitely be in-kernel. Granted, their tests were on Linux, not on a modern microkernel. Is it really possible to implement the full functionality of the Linux kernel in such a way that it would be significantly smaller? Obviously, there's bloat from bad code, but would a redesign of the kernel be seriously useful, or just a waste of time? As a (possible) comparison, is NetBSD's kernel any smaller? It'd be nice to know if Linus had anything to say to that effect - it might lead to a more productive discussion than waxing lyrical about the wonders of microkernels. It's the same version of Webkit ued in standard chrom, according to the article. If you're already supporting chrome, it should only take one more line of html to support chromeframe. You could also solve the problem in the other direction: install two browsers on every employee's computer. When that's done, you can safely migrate to a standards-compliant version of the internal web-apps. You could solve that by using Google's extension, actually. If the page requires standards compliance, put in the annotation for standards compliance. Otherwise, let ie6 render as default. The employee using the webapp, ideally, wouldn't even notice. If I knew that someone were qualified to talk about whatever we're discussing, I'd be more inclined to upvote them. That was fast. I knew OS X and FreeBSD were very similar, but I didn't expect to see GCD in FreeBSD until at least the end of the year. I think it'd be interesting if they included times for unladen-swallow as well. I'm going to guess that pypy is currently further along than u-s, but I haven't done any comparison myself. Probably not. Since python is a dynamic language, there are issues with using the llvm for optimization[1], but overall the llvm's code generator is significantly more mature than pypy's which means that it'll probably be easier to make unladen-swallow reliable. [1] see http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/2009-06/msg00071.html and http://lua-users.org/lists/lua-l/2009-06/msg00069.html Google found this video of the t400 for those interested: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evk-Ln_TFLA Apparently some people like the screen; some absolutely despise it. Here's a complete review - warning, bad music incoming: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKNxecHXUAU&feature=relat... Doesn't Vala handle that? Not to mention it runs faster and with a lower memory footprint. ReadWriteWeb claims a sale price of $15-22m. Can anyone confirm/deny this? ( http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/nokia_buys_dopplr_the_o... ) On a tangent, why does everyone drop the 'e' in '*er' these days? Flickr, dopplr, and -many moons ago- twittr. Newegg was never connected with EggHead; it was originally a subsidary of ABS. For future reference, wikipedia is that way ---> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newegg#Name >I don't buy it. JWZ is a central point of control for DNA Lounge, I assume; PG is a close to a central point of control for YC news; Linus is a central point of control for Linux kernel enhancements -- or was, for a while; I haven't been keeping up so if I'm wrong, please understand the general point, which is: we happily accept central control as long as there is good will. I think what you're looking for is right here: >as long as there is good will. I don't think nearly as many people would be angry over the App Store if the approval process were sane. Also... >OK... but it's a platform. Sure, but before the iPhone, application development for phones was, in general, significantly more open. If I wanted to deploy a Symbian OS application three years ago, I wrote it and let people download it. Windows Mobile was similar. It's not the fact that it's not open, but it's the fact that it moves the industry towards less openness that's concerning. Hyman Minsky argued exactly that for a long time, and he's only recently been taken seriously: http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/ideas/articles/2009/09/13/... I take issue with "and it can be shown that they knew it was false". If you're going to force a takedown of someone else's content, it's your responsibility to be entirely sure . According to NetApplications, Bing lost 0.2%, Google lost somewhere around 0.2%, and Yahoo lost 0.44%, but it looks like the biggest real change was Baidu, which caught almost all the users google, yahoo, and bing lost. >there are more slaves than at any time in human history -- 27 million. Total, clearly. C-- is used in GHC over LLVM because it (last I heard) supports tail call optimization better than LLVM does. http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/glasgow-haskell-users/2006-... http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/glasgow-haskell-users/2006-... Those are rather old, though, and LLVM has changed (and improved) a lot since then. I'd also figure that LLVM supports JIT compilation much better than C--, which may not support it at all. >Money: Adsense pays for my hosting bill so can't drop them, besides there is no worthy competitor with Adsense (for small blogs) Project Wonderful? They seem to get decent results: http://www.blogcatalog.com/discuss/entry/project-wonderful-v... That picture is somewhat misleading. Tor (and other VPNs) doesn't bypass the Great Firewall, it makes it irrelevant via encryption and offshore proxies. If the US broadcast free Wifi across China somehow (a la Radio Free Europe), that would bypass the Great Firewall. Adobe Acrobat PDF Reader. This is in part because the manufacturers have adopted standards - be they patented, like x86 and directx, or open like opengl. Unfortunately, we don't see as much in terms of standards on phones. Android addresses this, though, since everything runs on dalvik. A JIT would be nice if we're going to see more resource-intensive stuff. foobar2000 requires a little more finagling than winAMP to set up, but it can be very nice when you do. It's also significantly lighter than winamp. They both do things that iTunes won't (in particular play flac and ogg, which is a very important feature for me). Of course, their graphing calculator comparison neglects the fact that graphing calculators are only priced so high because they have a captive audience, like college textbooks. You can't effectively compete with TI for graphing calculators because school districts outlaw competition. >and everyone was talking about Twitter. Back in 2007, twitter's userbase was smaller than 4chan's and it wasn't nearly as well-known. In 2009, they're now bigger than MySpace. These graphs should show the difference clearly: http://www.google.com/trends?q=twitter%2C+4chan&ctab=0&#... http://www.google.com/trends?q=twitter%2C+myspace&ctab=0... If all webOS applications are coded in JavaScript (so I've heard; didn't look into it too much), the VM overhead could well be dragging things down. Even V8 is ten times as slow as Java or C#, and v8 isn't even available for ARM. You're quite correct. http://www.hardwareinsight.com/apple-to-replace-nvidia-gpus-... While I doubt Maddox alone was a serious influence on anyone's stock price, commentators like him definitely have an influence on people's attitudes; when Crocs became ugly and smelly in the minds of many potential customers, those people were no longer potential customers. (Whether Crocs are actually ugly and smelly is beside the point, though I agree with maddox here) There's more to tail-call optimization than simply imitating iteration using recursion. It lets you navigate through a two-dimensional graph of youtube videos. I personally found the part of the article about Abel summation[1] much more enlightening. It really seems to indicate why 1 - 2 + 3 ... = 1/4 instead of just showing that 1/4 arises if you look at the sums a certain way. [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1_−_2_%2B_3_−_4_%2B_·_·_·#Abel_... >Do you USE all the space between your bed and the wall? I can't see three-quarters of my floor. Does that count as "used"? There's a more interesting correlation in the graph: five of the six most obese countries have an English-speaking majority. Zero of the others do. Assuming your netbook has a 32 GB SSD, and that drive capacity doubles every two years, 2099. Assuming that SSD prices drop dramatically and you have a 512 GB SSD (still this year), 2091. In other words: not for a long, long time. The real question is: how could you possibly generate a yottabyte of data? >There is a big difference between Al Qaeda style resistance and collective resistance. Sure, Hamas and Al Qaeda exist but... they are losing and they will inevitably lose. Isn't that what they said about the Viet Cong? If that's true, why doesn't Apple make their own swf viewer? I mean, they're Apple , they have twenty billion dollars in the bank; they can afford to reimplement Flash Player. >What can freemium webapps learn from freemium games? Games have some advantages that can be hard for apps to replicate; games are, in general, more social than typical applications. Games are also somewhat more enviable. When I was 11, a few friends and I played RuneScape (remember runescape?). After one of us got a paid membership, everyone else suddenly got way more interested in having a paid RuneScape membership. That is to say, if one person gets a paid membership to a multiplayer online game, other people in their social circle will probably be more likely to subscribe as well. Taking advantage of this with a webapp would require that you provide something that someone either finds worthwhile showing off or something conspicuous enough that they don't have to. The second condition applied for Apple's iPod in the early part of the decade. It'd also probably be a good idea to offer benefits to groups of paid members as well as to individual paid members. I'm pretty sure it was always an online game played through a Java applet. It's had a few incarnations, but overall it's still pretty similar to when it started. Do you think the problems with the camera are with the hardware or the software? On a related note, is there an SDK? The iPod is hardware; isn't this case about software patents? >Have you tried anything but Ubuntu? I had this question in my head through the whole essay and the top commenter beat me to it. I've heard thousands of issues with the new Ubuntu release (never bothered trying it myself). I doubt I'll recommend Ubuntu to anyone I know who's interested in Linux for quite a while. I've had great experiences with several of non-Ubuntu distros and will probably recommend them instead. In one of my freshman CS courses, one of our last assignments was to read this paper (as well as a more approachable tutorial written by our TAs) and carry this out on a toy architecture (LC3) that we had been working with for the whole course. It was probably the most interesting assignment we had that semester. Python is similar enough to most other programming languages (and has a relatively small featurelist) that it's usually pretty easy to figure out what it does even if you (like me) don't know the language. Of course, you're out of luck if you have only ever used J, by some crazy coincidence. This is really awesome; I've been a fan of enlightenment for a while and personally think it deserves some wider appreciation. However, not to be a Nattering Nabob of Negativism (to steal a phrase from Spiro Agnew), but the enlightenment project predicted an alpha release[1] of e17 in September; it's now November, and there hasn't even been a snapshot since July. That isn't on the top of the list of ways to impress large corporations. [1] http://trac.enlightenment.org/e/wiki/ReleaseSchedule It'd be interesting to see a memory usage comparison as well, especially considering that last I checked unladen-swallow's memory usage was less than stellar. Funny, I was referring to the same class! When did you take it? >Android market might be a little better, but no-one is using it 10000 apps is no-one? This is awesome, but it also feels like something that should have been there from the beginning. >(I can't keep track of which stories I've already read) Most browsers will color a link you've clicked on differently. I know I've read a story because its link is gray. Of course, if I didn't remember them most of the time, I'd wonder if I wasn't wasting time in a more heinous way that I'd originally imagined. Really? Fall or Spring? We might have been in the same class! I've got a script running right now that should be able to color everything by a sort of random walk. It colors around 230 nodes quickly and then slows down, so I suppose I'll find out soon enough. edit: nah, at this rate it won't finish. source here for those interested; you probably just need to iterate over the remaining empty values in a more effective way than I am: http://ctrl-v.org/3708 Try just placing 73 1's. You need to be able to place that many, but I can't get more than 65. What about the Nintendo DS? As someone who's been paying attention to various high-performance battery technologies, I'm a little disappointed that they didn't link to the original paper (if anyone could find it, that'd be nice). However, the author is a little eager to jump to conclusions, some of which are wrong: first, a non-rechargeable battery that "uses air as a cathode" is called a fuel cell, and it's not a particularly new design. In fact, silicon fuel cells have been around since at least 2007 [1]. Also, Bolivia does not have half of the world's supply of lithium; they currently have the cheapest reserves, but as lithium represents about 2% of the cost of producing a lithium-ion battery, there are many more potential reserves available [2]. It's also worth pointing out that we've had non-rechargeable batteries that exceed lithium's energy store potential for quite a while, in the form of lithium-thionyl chloride [3]. Really, though, what seems more interesting to me are the nanostructured silicon-anode lithium-ion batteries, which have been demonstrated multiple times now, have capacities several times those of lithium, and are rechargeable [4] [5] [6]. [1] http://news.cnet.com/2100-1001-983920.html [2] http://gas2.org/2008/10/13/lithium-counterpoint-no-shortage-... [3] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lithium_battery [4] http://gas2.org/2008/11/25/silicon-could-give-lithium-ion-ba... [5] http://aiche.confex.com/aiche/2009/webprogrampreliminary/Pap... [6] http://news.stanford.edu/news/2008/january9/nanowire-010908.... "Fructose - Glucose Study Showdown [1] (a)13.9% increase in LDL cholesterol but doubled Apoprotein B (b) 44.9% increase in small LDL" You don't make it clear here whether fructose is (a) or (b), though I'll hazard a guess that it's (b). Considering the amount of failed *chans that showed up both before and after 4chan - world2ch, 5chan, etc, I wouldn't count Moot as merely lucky. At the very least, he kept the site sane by continuing to run it -- in contrast with, say, the constantly fluctuating staff at 7chan. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1894453/development-time-... should be helpful. SPOILER: Ada and Haskell get high marks. SBCL is very impressive. Until recently[1], it was far and away the quickest implementation for a dynamic language. Considering we have yet to see invokedynamic or tail calls on the JVM, I'm rather unsurprised by SBCL's comfortable lead in performance. [1] LuaJIT 2 GCHQ = Google Corporate Headquarters or something I haven't heard of? It uses the GNU GPL version 3, which is incompatible with the use cases of many of BSD's "customers". Notably, Apple has refused to use the GPLv3 versions of GCC in Mac OS X, and FreeBSD has followed suit by staying with GCC 4.2 until clang is considered finished. It also tends to have problems on less popular architectures that Net/OpenBSD still consider important. The title is relatively misleading: the article doesn't say that atmospheric CO2 levels have been the same every year; rather, the percent of year-by-year emissions which are absorbed has not gone down. >Currently there is no computer, in any form, that is successful because it can be used together with other people in a physical sense. I think this new product must be great to use alone or will not meet the masses. Game consoles come to mind. Mexico is in red, which I suppose is "technically" accurate, but the Mexican Constitution guarantees health care to all citizens: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_care_in_Mexico#Public_he... There's been a popular trend of posting screenshots from Google search recommendations over the past few months; I wouldn't be surprised if one of those shots made it to Google Headquarters (though I'm certainly surprised they didn't notice it sooner!). Also shame on PZ Meyers for yoinking that article from atheists.org. This should clear things up: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qubit Also this: http://www.het.brown.edu/people/andre/qlambda/index.html but the basic idea is that quantum computers allow operations to be taken on an entire list simultaneously (entanglement). Languages aren't everything. Gnash, written in C++, never succeeded in replacing Flash even on platforms like *BSD where Flash was nonexistent. In particular, when dealing with Flash, feature-completeness is going to be much more important than perfect performance. Since the Flash VM on Linux and OS X is so slow and software-renders everything, it really won't take much to improve on it. The advantages of a dynamic language are probably going to far outweigh C++'s speed, and Javascript's similarity to Actionscript is icing. Plus, Javascript can take advantage of whatever hardware-accelerated graphics library the browser vendor chooses. At those prices, it's cheaper to buy music legitimately. Purchasing power parity per capita per year? (by this measure, Cameroon is 24 times as poor as the US, perhaps not what the article was going for) I would apply Hanlon's Razor here. I'd venture the journalist misinterpreted what Google was saying, as many headlines on popular news aggregators talked about Google "pulling out of China". I'm surprised Dirac hasn't come up more in this discussion. It's as free as Theora - perhaps freer, since the BBC can guarantee there are no submarine patents - and it's miles ahead of Theora, comparable to h.264. Simple trick: come up with "random" numbers, from your own head. Make a list of them. They're not random, but part of the charm here is noticing that even you're affected by Benford's Law. Now, pair them off, in order, and write down the products: you'll notice a large amount start with 1! (of course you'll actively avoid this if you're expecting it) They also used to be a major player in the PowerPC line. >You might think a compiler could do several optimizations here, and you'd be right. But you'd only be right if the compiler could reorder the terms in A + B + C, or even if it could apply the notion that (A + B) + C == A + (B + C). But it ain't so in Java, at least not when I last looked at it. Except Java is statically typed, so it's possible for the compiler to know if f returns an int, and it can rearrange the expression given that knowledge. unladen-swallow does not get a 5x speedup, but pypy gets pretty close. http://morepypy.blogspot.com/search?updated-min=2010-01-01T0... http://article.gmane.org/gmane.comp.lang.lua.general/42210 is tangentially related. May I suggest Lua with metalua? It seems to have most of what you're looking for (and luajit is very fast). Such as? >I simply disagree with this. It is not a right that everyone have a free education anymore than it is a right that everyone have a free pair of underwear, but people get confused because one seems noble and the other silly. Why do they use the word "free" here when obviously it isn't? http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/10/06/what-happened-t... I'm not sure if I'm misinterpreting this, but it looks like lazy evaluation could make his "synchronous event loop" into his "asynchronous event loop" without all the worry about callbacks. A few Lispy macros could have the same effect. I guess an "asynchronous web framework" (buzzword bingo!) written in a Lisp (or any language with macros, like Lua) would be interesting. Or maybe I'm getting this wrong. Please stop mincing words; you know as well as I do what the phrase "free and compulsory education" refers to. Yes, it's tax-funded. No, taxes do not constitute enslavement . (And before you mention that you said "payment or enslavement of others", let's both agree to admit that you included the word "enslavement" solely for dramatic effect.) I'm not going to play the "human rights" game, because you have no rights [1]. I'm going to say that providing education to everyone has been proven time and again to be good for society [2]. The attitude of "oh well it's not a right" is perhaps the greatest piece of sophistry I've been subjected to in some time, in that the definition of a "right" is entirely subjective and consequently useless. It is a right as much as the freedom of speech, in that it's provision helps to provide a basic framework that is necessary for a free society. An uneducated populace cannot perform simple democratic tasks, like, say, voting. Speaking of which, why is voting a right? Doesn't counting several million ballots require "significant effort"? I certainly couldn't do it in an afternoon! Are you "enslaved" by having to pay for people to count ballots? [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWiBt-pqp0E#t=4m0s [2] http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/11/03/want-a-stronger... s/great/well-designed\ and\ properly-tested/; s/good/feature-complete/; (Am I getting this right? My perl is rusty.) It's hard to disagree with this guy. What's the point of a 5 megapixel camera if it can't focus properly? >You're usually better off using coroutines for this sort of asynchronous programming in Lua. Macros and coroutines don't solve the same problem here. Macros provide wrappers that make "callbacks" implicit; coroutines provide scheduling. >Also, Lua doesn't have macros, at least not in the sense that Lisp and Prolog do. It just has eval. http://metalua.luaforge.net/ I object! >It pisses me off to no end that I can’t use that word out of fear for my own life This is easily the most offensive sentence in the article. Black people are not mythical stabby monsters. For Opera users, you can change the styling of any page to black-on-white: In Opera stable, it's view -> style -> High Contrast (B/W). In the beta, it's page tools -> style -> High Contrast (B/W). Yeah, some people deserve to starve. Fuck 'em. >human visual response is non-linear Human visual response to color is also nonlocal , which has an array of interesting effects. That makes a very noticeable difference! Why isn't it the default? > So there it is. SQL doesn't scale (effectively or efficiently). You might just want to say "cheaply". It's another case of "right tool for the job". If you're just looking for a data store , NoSQL may be right up your alley. If you need a query language, you may want SQL. I mean, the fact is that there are a lot of servers out there even today that are running SQL databases to be used simply as dumb data stores. It's not the most efficient coding, but it happens, at least partially because MySQL is available on every shared host and their brothers (wait, what?). Rechargeable batteries good enough to power a vehicle would be nice. [2005] (relevant, since it's a current events article) They're native in Perl 6, and people above have linked to libraries for Lua and Clojure. I think there's a library for Python as well somewhere or other. Also peg/leg for C is intended (iirc) as a direct competitor to flex/bison et al. It'd be a lot of fun bringing in water, food, and oil, that's for sure. The introduction of HIV protease inhibitors in 1995-6 was pretty big. http://content.nejm.org/cgi/content/abstract/338/13/853 > Mortality among the patients declined from 29.4 per 100 person-years in 1995 to 8.8 per 100 person-years in the second quarter of 1997. I'll still view it as a rumor until Google confirms, personally. If you want to try something like throwing out lots of the current design and going to a new one, it'd probably be best to go around, drum up support, and bill it as something new. Sounds cool, but someone has to get coding. >and can't help feeling that exposing more people to that isn't a great thing. So the solution is to throw them in jail? It is, however, really the only alternative to legalization. Decriminalization is stupid. Dispensary systems are stupid. Coffee shops are stupid. Decriminalization is stupid because the implication is that cannabis is evil, and the only reason people want to smoke it is that they're addicted. This is false. The "push toward treatment" isn't helpful for anyone who isn't addicted and doesn't want to be treated, like me. Plus there's the implication that selling someone to someone who asks for it is somehow evil, which is even worse ("Selling is legal! Fucking is legal! Why isn't selling fucking legal?!"). Dispensary systems are stupid because dishonesty is baked (haha) into the system. The South Park episode Medicinal Fried Chicken is a decent explanation, but the short of it is that people fake illness to get weed. Granted, this is like people faking illness to get painkillers -- but since cannabis is significantly safer than opioids and benzodiazepines, doctors are significantly less likely to care. It's not an issue with physical consequences, since cannabis is extremely safe when used under medical supervision, just the fact that lying becomes so much more prevalent. Coffee shops are lame because free markets work[1], so why don't we have one? They're not that bad, though -- the implementation of such a system would bump the legalization of cannabis way down my priority list. What really gets me on this is that people conflate the question "should cannabis be legal" with the question "should you smoke cannabis". Nobody conflates the legality of trampolines with the safety of trampolines. I find it incredibly disheartening when people I know -- smart people, in most respects -- respond to legalization with the idiotic knee-jerks "but it's dangerous !", "but my friend does nothing but smoke weed ", ad absurdum. I know people who do nothing but play video games. I know at least one person who quit his job and left everyone he knew to become a paragliding instructor. He took a huge pay cut, too. And this latter example, I think, illustrates the biggest issue I have with arguments like yours: Who the hell do you think you are that you can dictate what someone does with their life? If it's what they enjoy, they can go for it. Even if it is a bad decision -- you really can't outlaw bad decisions, because it's hard to say what is a bad decision. Thing is, the sort of "always-on" lifestyle, that sort where cannabis (also other distracting activities ) is most likely to interfere, really isn't a good fit for some people. Some people burn out on weed, some burn out on other things. Thing is, sometimes people just burn out . I think there are a lot of people who come into this argument from a pro-prohibition point of view because someone close to them changed after they started smoking marijuana. And I think that this is akin to blaming a spark for a bomb. The thing is, that your stock-broker friend may in fact have been unhappy as a stock broker. It is possible, even likely, from my anecdotal experience, that he latched onto weed because he didn't like where he was in life. It doesn't really matter if you think he should have liked where he was in life. There are plenty of harm reduction arguments for legalization, but I prefer the libertarian argument because, I think, it most directly refutes the central point of the popular anti-legalization arguments. [1]: with a few exceptions. > And yet decriminalization has proven tentatively successful when trialled. It's more of a logical thing than a physical thing. If you can't justify throwing a cannabis user in jail, how do you justify throwing a cannabis seller in jail? It's ludicrous! If you can't justify throwing someone in jail for smoking weed, how do you justify fining them $100? It essentially encourages organized crime. You're feeding a black market that has no competition, for chrissake. > I think it is absolutely fine to talk to people about their "bad" life choices. Of course it is. I make no claim that you can't try to tell someone not to smoke weed, only that you oughtn't try to force someone not to smoke weed. And that's what prohibition is, and that's also what the goal of decriminalization is. > it's not so readily available that it becomes the kind of widespread habit smoking became. It doesn't matter! If 24% of the country wants to smoke weed, then 24% of the country can smoke weed! I think you'll find, though, that most people choose not to. This is another assumption that I think gets ignored: "if weed is legal, everyone will want to use it" -- well, hell, if everyone wanted to use it, they would already. Most people don't want to use it. If that's your main concern, it's worth pointing out that it wouldn't matter if weed were sold in every gas station in the country: cannabis usage probably would never rise above 15% or so. It's already 11%, according to the WHO. A lot of people don't even like it, if you read bluelight. This is the third thing that bugs me: somewhere along the line cannabis became the best feeling ever. I like alcohol more than weed. I smoke (vaporize?) weed more than I drink because the negatives are less severe. > Agreed, ny friend was not one of them though. But that's what they all say! Everyone's friend was perfectly happy. People who burn out don't do nothing -- they while away their time playing video games, or masturbating (ya rly), and slowly neglect things that they may have once enjoyed. That said, I accept what you are saying. It's true: some people do get addicted. But punishing everyone because some people react badly doesn't work. More to the point: punishing me because someone got addicted is being a dick . Punishing the guy who sells me weed is still being a dick. Punishing the guy who sold your friend weed is being a dick. I'd like to make a potentially difficult claim: selling cannabis to a burnout is not necessarily wrong [1]. It is not entirely the responsibility of a seller to control the use of their product. The image of a predatory dealer who pushes cannabis on an addict who is trying to quit[2] is, in my experience, largely false, especially among the affluent and the well-educated. It happens, though I can't think of any particular instance. It can't happen under a system of legitimized commerce. It is frightening to see people use it as an argument against a system of legitimized commerce. [1]: In a world where cannabis is legal, they would be responsible for adequately and accurately informing the user of the risks of cannabis, verifying the user's age, and possibly for providing information about treatment for cannabis addiction. All of these are good things. All of these can't happen under prohibition or decriminalization. In fact, the only way I can see to blame a drug dealer is if they claim that their product isn't addictive -- which doesn't happen, and can't happen, in the world of legitimate commerce. [2]: The image of a dealer who gives out free first samples of extremely addictive things is a little more grounded in reality. Cannabis is not one of those things, in that I hope we can all agree that it is not extremely addictive. EDIT: Slight, but significant, modification to last paragraph. I intended to clarify that the provision of cannabis is not a problem in and of itself -- there are of course unethical things that a dealer can do and may have done in your friend's case. ps: Personal freedom is a hard argument to make, and it can be a bitter pill to swallow (Farnsworth: "now, if they could put it in the form of a suppository"). I think that's why tax revenue dominates the national stage. I don't like it, really. Instead of having to make a difficult -- but ultimately sensible -- decision, that might establish a serious, meaningful precedent, we are instead distracted by the prospect of more shiny things that we might get. You mean like the kind that already exist? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_battery ...unless you're not okay with it. > there is a massive gap in the market for a fast, easy payment system that doesn't treat serious customers like dirt. You're thinking of AlertPay. So... this would mean that all of those things that we assume make you live longer "because they do them in Japan" are bullshit, correct? This has to have been covertly leaked by said 'cheeky developer'. I refuse to believe that anyone found this randomly. I think you need to look more specifically at what exactly the Gates Foundation does if you want to answer the questiona at the end of the article. They're known for fighting disease, primarily; disease in third-world countries is a major barrier to industrial expansion into these countries. Further, charity has achieved at least one major victory: the eradication of smallpox, perhaps the greatest achievement in human history, so I'd say it's contributed at least a little -- and the Gates Foundation has some good precedent for their goals. Edward Jenner introduced the variola vaccine in the late 1700s. Polio didn't even become a major problem until after his death! >In developed countries during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, improvements were made in community sanitation, including better sewage disposal and clean water supplies. These changes drastically increased the proportion of children and adults at risk of paralytic polio infection, by reducing childhood exposure and immunity to the disease. (Edward Jenner died in 1823) Water, milk, green tea, orange juice. Coffee, occasionally. Soda and energy drinks, I go by an "only if it's free" rule. Alcoholic: Yuengling is my go-to beer, I'm not exactly picky and I'll drink just about anything if I'm looking to get drunk, which is usually. I love good Scotch and always drink it straight. Whenever people whine about PayPal, I usually mention AlertPay, and get maybe one upvote and otherwise I'm ignored. What's wrong with AlertPay? They seem like a pretty honest business and I've never had any trouble with them, though I've only ever bought things, not sold them. Nicotine demethylates when heated into nornicotine. This reacts with saliva to form the carcinogenic N-nitrosonornicotine -- which is also found in any variety of cured tobacco. While not itself carcinogenic, it is incredibly hard to separate nicotine from cancer, unfortunately. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Janda#Nornicotine http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N-Nitrosonornicotine The article on Wikipedia takes no position on the proposition. In fact, it makes it sound better than, say, the newspapers do. I take issue with the bad science involved in saying that terahertz radiation causes cancer. Terahertz radiation is very low energy, far too low to ionize DNA the way that UV rays do. If they're using actual X-rays, that's another thing entirely. I don't know if there is a single government agency more universally reviled than the TSA. I cannot think of a single person who supports this, and yet it happens. Unbelievable. It's altruism, but it isn't astonishing in it's volume. I'm sure that of any suitably large group of people, the total dollar amount of donations to worthy causes will be well into the tens of thousands, which is basically what reddit's done here. You might call them kind of naive for doing things only about those causes that manage to get popular on reddit -- while reddit has some well-publicized random acts of kindness the overall impact of what they've done is pretty tiny. Would some of those thousands of dollars have been better spent fighting malaria? I really can't say. Is it impressive to donate only to those causes that are presented in such a fashion as to jerk at the proverbial heart-strings? I should think not. Is reddit above the rest of the Internet in its altruism? I would say perhaps not, but they're a good and valuable net community. There are many instances of Internet activism accomplishing something good, both inside and outside of reddit, and I would say that reddit's accomplishments are nothing short of pretty good. If you total the number of people living in Western democracies, you get more than 1.3 billion, the current population of China. You can prove this easily, if you count India as a Western democracy, or harder, if you don't (US + South America (except for Venezuela) + Mexico + Western Europe). >there are some cultures to which democratization is simply incompatible There's no evidence at all to believe that democracy wouldn't work in China, as it's never been tried. On the other hand, if you look at the downfall of the Soviet Union, Russia's experiment with democracy has been quite a success, even if it's not so perfect a freedom as we're party to in the US. It's certainly not Stalinist and the very existence of organized resistance movements in Russia, something that would have been entirely unheard-of thirty years ago, is a sign that they've made huge strides in the right direction, and their global standing seems to have benefited. >Even here in the US, we're finding that our rights to move freely must be tempered by TSA searches, PATRIOT act and other impingements in the name of security If by "security" you mean "security theatre", then sure. The vast majority of academics disagree with the new restrictions, and most people I know think they're absurd. >What if that is actually the end-run for civilization and it's actually the US that is behind the political ideology curve? Let's all hope not! I cannot understand this argument, as there seems to be no substance to it. There's a weight of literature on the value of freedom (e.g. John Locke, Voltaire), and little inquiry in this regard. >We seem to be moving inexorably toward China-like "freedom with caveats" direction, and the electorate actually seems to prefer it I have no idea how you could come to this conclusion. The vast majority of tea party anxiety over Obama was that he was restricting freedom too much . The main issue of the protesters was that their freedom was threatened, at least in their perception, and whether the candidates they chose are actually working to improve freedom is not quite so relevant as the reasons they chose such candidates. Quite the contrary, just two weeks ago the US state of California came closer to legalizing marijuana than has any other entity for the past thirty years. A general movement toward restricted freedom, indeed. We're seeing such major gains such as legalized abortion and gay marriage even in highly religious regions such as South America and, aparently, Tunisia, and many countries with a long history of human rights violations, e.g. Bangladesh, Vietnam, Nicaragua, have improved markedly in recent years -- the current state of affairs is close to the freeest many such countries have ever seen. You don't hear about all the good things happening in the world in the news as much, but they're happening. The doctrine that freedom of speech is an inalienable human right may have been implemented in the US some 234 years ago, but it only became international law 60 years ago. Progress, indeed. >They are all, of course, almost bombastically fervent about a strong military, and support the wars. You know, this is so entirely wrong that it discredits the whole paragraph. You clearly know nothing about the Tea Party movement, or even that it was started in support of Ron Paul, the most anti-war politician there is. >I mean, if we continually capitulate to those parties and politicians who support anti-democracy, anti-freedom ideas and laws, why wouldn't there be substance to the argument? Who's capitulating? There are more democracies in the world today than ever before. Ever . Name one. 1) An image-blocker script isn't going to prevent the viruses from working. It's also certainly not going to keep people from trying -- further, if they can't visit known, safe sites, they'll keep looking and find their way to the dangerous ones. 2) If someone is crazy enough to download child pornography onto a public machine, they're almost surely good enough to bypass whatever protection mechanisms you may have in place. >What does crazy have to do with skilled? That's a really good question -- the short answer is it's a really great motivator. Some random pedophile, who wants to obtain child porn, first must learn how, and in the process they would have to learn some basic computer skills, as well as learning to bypass the mechanisms we (rightly) have in place to prevent such material from being distributed, and to catch those who download it. This is why malcontent teenagers who would want to do something like DDoS tumblr are far more likely to know how to do that than well-adjusted teenagers who don't care. Is that a reference to GOBBLES, by any chance? > finding verifiably humanely-raised meat is difficult enough that I'm not sufficiently interested to bother, and there are practical advantages in eating a predictable diet. http://slowfood.org/ GOBBLES is a trolling/security outfit of sorts. They've given talks at Defcon but as far as I know their members are basically anonymous. >Please don't break down into some 'but animals die all the time in the wild,' argument. Yeah, let's not bring up a totally valid objection! The RSS is good, the Opera mail is good... the IRC and bittorrent, on the other hand, are not very good at all, which is sad, because it would be very nice if they were! http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/CamelsandRubberDuckie... The rich are taxed a lot? They're taxed at a lower level than any other time in the past twenty years -- that's not a lot . The richest people around today -- Gates, Jobs, Ellison, Buffett -- made a significant portion of their money during a time (the '90s) when the top marginal rate was higher than today's. Clearly, that didn't stop them! I'm going to break the rules here and answer two languages. First, you should learn one of the easy dynamic languages. This means Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Lua, Clojure. I think Ruby is a good choice because it has a lot of cool concepts built in to the core language that the others lack, and so it can be a foundation for learning many different styles of programming -- it does this, in my opinion, better than Python, and has a nicer syntax than Perl. _why's poignant guide to ruby is a bit outdated but still a pretty awesome and cool introduction. http://mislav.uniqpath.com/poignant-guide/ Second, and this might come as a shock, some form of basic assembler. I recommend LC-3 assembler. And the main reason here is that a decent understanding of the memory model is going to help you a lot when it comes to dealing with pointers, complex data structures, or anything, really. You'll probably never write a program longer than 100 lines in LC-3, but the short things you do write will give you a deeper understanding of your code everywhere else. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LC-3 http://highered.mcgraw-hill.com/sites/0072467509/student_vie... There may actually be a newer "learning assembler"-styled language out there, but I am not aware of it. LC-3 is showing its age, but it was great when I learned to program, and I learned as much programming for three months in LC-3 as two years prior in Java. That said, you should definitely familiarize yourself with control structures prior to jumping into assembler or you could break your brain. Health is a much more long-term thing than 6-8 weeks. I'd wait at least a year to pass judgement on any health proposal, unless it's clearly not working, and if you can't keep it up for a year, well... AlwaysInnovating's touchbook beats the iPad on price, last I checked. http://alwaysinnovating.com/ This reminds me uncomfortably about that crazy "internet ID" program Obama has been advocating. Also, I'm not giving TechCrunch my Facebook login. I don't want them messing with my Facebook, and I really don't see any reason to trust them. FreeBSD desktop user here. We're as rare as the dodo, apparently. Would you call PGP a walled garden? >none of the men in the room had actually read their contract. Only two of them knew how to read. Only two of them knew how to read? Now, whose fault is that, Dubai's government, or India's? If so much of India's population is illiterate, they're screwed wherever they live, be it Dubai or Japan. Vietnam's literacy rate is over 90%. India can surely do better. What I'm saying is, these are India's (and Pakistan's) citizens, not Dubai's. The onus is on India's government to protect them, not Dubai. It is to be expected that a pseudo-organization concocted (or shall I say "arisen") to combat a government which is itself magnificently designed to quickly and thoroughly shut down any organization formed in its opposition, that such a resisting force might have a hard-to-understand structure, purely out of necessity. Basically, there's a virtual firehose of disgruntled people, and then there are a few (a "few" in this context meaning a few hundred) smart people who facilitate their efforts to do damage to the system they collectively revile. For example, I doubt that the creators of LOIC have ever used it themselves. Assange used to break into systems himself, but these days he just makes it easier for other people who break into systems to report what they find. In the case of Wikileaks, these facilitators are at least themselves organized, lead by Julian Assange. In the case of Anonymous, they are less organized, spread across lots of random IRC channels, wikis, and imageboards, so that even the people running the show don't know who is running the show. Such a system would, of course, collapse immediately, if there weren't a constant, massive influx of disgruntled people with Internet connections and plenty of free time to read through bugtraq archives and free online hacking guides, and the recklessness necessary to not care if you get caught (notice how various arrests haven't stopped anyone). Those who don't get caught, they eventually start teaching other people, providing kids who wander into lcirc asking "how does I hacked BoA" with the information necessary to make it happen. Recall that the hack that took down HBGary wasn't technically astounding; it was a combination of HBGary's total incompetence and Anon's willingness to try shit until it worked. So, could this be Wikileaks operating under the banner of Anonymous, and is Wikileaks itself a part of Anonymous? It's hard to say, because Anonymous is itself more of a phenomenon than a group, a criticality accident of discontent, if you will. They both operate on the same principles, though. (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticality_accident ) "Discoveries" are unlike ideas in that they build on each other, giving them value of their own. The guy has a long track record of saying he's going to do something, and not doing it. Take his proclamation, upon entering office, that the detention center at Guantanamo would be closed within a year. It's still open. Take his statements back around 2004-2006 that we needed to decriminalize marijuana. It took two years of the same issue rising to the top of polls for the guy to even address it, and he brushed it off. Take his promise to fight for better healthcare -- except during the voting, I heard more from Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid than I did from Obama. Or the whole "let's talk diplomatically to Iran". Argh! Now I'm confused and don't know what to use! I'm a case of this. I met these motherfuckers from Turkey and Bahrain through the community surrounding that little flash game "n". Also several (?) people from Finland, a guy from Bulgaria, and another from Singapore. That's assuming that a copy of the legible characters wouldn't lose any of the original information -- the way words are written could matter. It's not just amusing -- it's a clever, unique and interesting solution to a common problem, however pyrrhic[1] the victory might be. [1] -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrrhic_victory He was joking about the comment "//why isn't this async?" which appears in every entry. Well, my last job was with the Navy, which I suppose is The Man, but that doesn't fit into any of the poll options. It'd be good to add "public sector" and "military" options, I think. Even the Republicans don't grease their slopes this much. One guy killing one elephant for the sake of a minor and frankly uninteresting publicity stunt (and this guy being part of a small minority of company owners capable of doing this, since shareholders would never approve) does not ipso facto lead to a bunch of rich sport-hunters decimating the wildlife population of Africa as a revival of some sort of primal hunting instinct. That's absolutely absurd. I seem to recall this show back in the day called the "Crocodile Hunter" featuring the contest of a human with an endangered species in waaaaay more glorified terms than this. >He killed an elephant [...] People should be outraged at that. Few sentences later: > [...] That doesn't mean they don't have a right to an opinion [...] Pick one. Kind of ironic that this would happen on World Backup Day, perhaps? http://worldbackupday.com/ What would really be interesting is someone finding a nonconstructive proof that P = NP. It would be quite a scramble to find the missing algorithms... 150, huh? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunbars_number I think people misinterpret the concept of Dunbar's number. It isn't how many people you can keep track of -- it's how large of a team you can hold together, provided you spend massive amounts of your time on team-building. From the article: >Dunbar has argued that 150 would be the mean group size only for communities with a very high incentive to remain together. For a group of this size to remain cohesive, Dunbar speculated that as much as 42% of the group's time would have to be devoted to social grooming. Spending 42% of your time on social grooming isn't a very efficient way to run a company, though, especially when you only work 8 of your 16 waking hours (and that's generally considered a good thing). Shouldn't you just be able to report the corrupt official for not giving you the refund in the first place? Politics, I'm definitely with you. "Current events", though, is an extremely broad term -- what exactly did you intend it to mean? Sounds like it might lead to abuse. If a comment is -that- bad, it should be worth taking the time to flag it. Something slashdotty -- i.e. qualitative moderation, not just quantitative moderation -- would help. If you had seperate upvote buttons for "amusing" and "informative", this could factor into sorting. >Is there some other way to show what the most interesting comments in a thread are? How about if I displayed the point totals for subtrees, but not for individual leaves? How about dispaying the rounded log(score)? You give some indication of how well a comment is doing but it's hard to vote strategically. Not that easy with negative and zero scores, obviously, but those usually aren't the comments people are looking for. Lua still has no regex-dna because the standard string functions aren't proper regexes (no choice operator) and LPeg isn't available as a Debian package (which is the real problem). 'course, it'd be hard for LuaJIT to do much better in the shootout than it does now. It's beating C#. Why not at the least accept the first submission for the PyPy entries? It shouldn't matter that it doesn't run on CPython -- if it's idiomatic Python and it runs on PyPy it looks valid. At the same time, I can see where the guy is coming from with ctypes. I wouldn't say that the politics of the early 20th century exactly got us to very good places. We got a Depression and then a massive War. But... but social is an adjective. As far as I can tell, Google is talking about implementing social feedback in a sense similar to Slashdot (also Digg, Reddit, HN, etc), not social networking a la Facebook. And this feedback mechanism on search results is the basis of the 25% bonus[1]. How does voting on search results relate to Facebook? [1] -- since this could use a source, see http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/04/08/google_bonuses_tied_... and 'Page is tying a proverbial lamb chop around the neck of its new social thingy, "Google +1" [...]'. Palytoxin. EDIT: Oh, the deadliest, not the second deadliest. Botulinum toxin, of course. >second deadlist in the natural world, not overall. The deadliest "synthetic" poison with a known toxic level is polonium-210, used in the murder of Alexander Litivenko. It comes in third to palytoxin and botulinum toxin in potency. I always figured you would assume the market is in equilibrium, unless you can prove it isn't by e.g. evidence of intentional discrimination, that sort of thing. In an efficient market -- a market in equilibrium (I took economics a long time ago) -- everyone earns what their labor is worth. Any wage gap in such a situation is by definition still fair: everyone is getting what they earn. This is assuming the 10-year / 10000-hour rule can both a: drop that first bit and b: is not dependent on critical periods of learning early in life. This seems logical. It doesn't seem shocking to propose that considering the way he went about this 10000-hour experiment decision, he'll soon find something new to worry about and quit before he finishes. It's more like Three Mile Island, in that its scale and the damage it caused is likely to be overstated for many years to come. >You find someone perfect but he has a competing job offer and is asking for 110k/yr instead of just 100. He's no better than the other 9 people you have already hired. If he's not better than any of the other people working for you, these people can also presumably get a $110k job. Otherwise, if they can't, he is better; the market deems it so, and the solution is to publicly give the guy $110k. Is it fair? Well, it's not biased -- it certainly isn't egalitarian, but were I an employee making $100k in this situation I'd much prefer transparency to shadiness! Vala could be a contender on the "system languages" list -- it's runtime is just GLib, which has already been ported to all sorts of platforms and optimized quite well, and Vala is quite a nice language in and of itself. http://live.gnome.org/Vala Also, I don't think he gives the game-oriented scripting languages quite enough credit. They're not as mature as Lua, but almost all of them seem like more likely competitors with Lua than Stackless Python or Io, much less Tcl or Javascript (all of which except V8 are slower than Lua, and when Lua's performance is already an issue that's not encouraging) -- most of the game-oriented languages solve one of the biggest Lua gripes quite handily, which is that Lua's exclusive use of floating-point arithmetic makes it a pain (okay this is hearsay) on ARM-based platforms without floating point units (which is most of them). The good news is that LuaJIT now has a port to powerpc along with the mainstream i386 and amd64 ports, and to my knowledge an arm port of the interpreter is in the works as well. The best domain registrar of which I'm aware -- everyone I know who's used it has been happy with it -- is http://nearlyfreespeech.net/ . I've also used DynDNS and been very happy with them; someone else mentioned them as well. NFS doesn't make it obvious that they do domain registration -- you have to click through to "services" to see it. A surprisingly short loop: http://earslap.com/projectslab/otomata/?q=3z3o43503s and some lame attempt at "chaos": http://earslap.com/projectslab/otomata/?q=1h4o2n (though of course these are just finite state machines and they all loop eventually) You say you refuse to learn them. If you're not going to learn their technology what use can you possibly be? If you read the Bloomberg article more carefully, you'll notice that the 5-8% figure refers to rooftop solar installations, not the sort of large-scale solar panel fields produced by a utility company. That all is not terribly relevant -- the article isn't claiming that solar power will be cheaper than coal by 2013, rather it is simply fielding speculation about the implications of solar becoming cheaper than coal. There's a much longer article linked, and it deals with the practical issues of solar power: http://www.fastcompany.com/magazine/131/solar-goes-supernova...