It's great that Miguel de Icaza posted this, with .Net being open sourced, the future Mono was uncertain. Most likely your phone has unwanted software or your carrier is injecting ads. At least it seems clean on my Android using Chrome or Firefox. I didn't even click the article because, AFAIK, no one has "unlocked" autism yet and thought it was spam. "May" or "might" would have made the tense clearer. Now that you mentioned it, I can't stop seeing the 'a's. They're really annoying. Someone at Reddit explained that these ridiculous cases come from inconsistencies between federal and state law. In most USA states, adulthood is granted at 16-17 years, but federal law states adulthood is granted at 18 years. How the prosecutor gets to convince the court that someone is both a minor and an adult illegally taking advantage of himself without being laughed at is beyond my understanding. I've been reading Lewis Dartnell's "The Knowledge: How to Rebuild our World from Scratch", and it is exactly what you want. A insightful collection of recipes to bootstrap civilization after a global disaster. http://the-knowledge.org/en-gb/the-book/ I hope I don't get to use it ever, but it is really interesting as it necessarily explains the fundamentals of our current civilization. Not OP, but I would guess the components were not to sell, but to use. You spoke to Daniel Suarez's Daemon! You made me learn that latinum is a silvery liquid. You're throwing a baseball, but at the last moment you spot a kid running into its path. You tried to stop your arm but it was already in motion. You decided half a second too late. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroscience_of_free_will#Over... And awfully in Firefox, full UI lag. I know Firefox's implementation makes this its fault, but come on, it doesn't hurt to test the home page in it. This put me off too, although only Firefox has responsiveness issues. I'd suppose most kids learned quickly that you could float mid fall and bypass the energy penalty. Even if you fell by accident, it cost practically nothing. We will always win at love and free will /s This would actually be great for the field. I don't think this is the place to seek cool comments. I come here precisely for the technical discussions. It is probably an issue with your video driver. No text editor should feel laggish right off the bat. The open source Radeon driver is prone to sluggishness. Damn, TIL that bar was not decorative. Probably had laser eye surgery. Doesn't seem like he uses glasses. Then why was this such a huge deal? http://www.databreaches.net/191-million-voters-personal-info... If only "in secret" really meant "only between diplomats" and not "hidden from the public but not corporations". Someone always has children. Your legacy will not be wasted. I prefer to keep the mystery and not know all about my opinions from the start. It's the small discoveries that keep the flame of love alight in our marriage. And the alert tone could be ICQ's "Uh-oh". I'm no expert, but wouldn't said seed first be baked by the heat of an impact strong enough to launch a chunk of planet to space? My ideal notes app would be a rich-text offline hierarchical organizer like CherryTree ( http://www.giuspen.com/cherrytree ) with a mobile version and synchronization thru Dropbox or similar (like KeePass). Cloud solutions are nice, and I've tried several, but it always feels more like a convenience for the provider rather than the consumer. What is this congress that imposes Helium prices worldwide? Being experimental and open source resonates with most users here, but it doesn't make the project immune from technical criticism. Aesthetically, it's an interesting proposal for minimalism, but technically, it's literally the opposite. I fear in a few decades we would buy a cheap robot and command it to scare the cats perpetually. Just 5400 more days and I'll be able to downvote! What a time to be alive! USA is the country with the highest illegal drug consumption by far, obviously it's not the will of its people. We've used Zabbix for 5 years to monitor about 200 servers/computers and 100 networked devices using a combination of TCP pings, SNMP, HTTP, SSH and the resident agent. It's really well thought, flexible beyond what we use, and configurable entirely from a web interface. There aren't good alternative to the web interfaces, though, so projects of this kind are nice. Because they insistingly invite you if you happen to land on a Facebook link? This is as simple and sustainable as you can get. Even the aluminum alternative is more wasteful. "making the website effectively racist regarding devs" Just so your communication skills improve, discrimination is not the same as racism. It's confusing. I'd think it means it shrunk 0-2 times by an indeterminate amount. Just a thought: some times, when you start to feel the side effects, it's too late to correct them, specially if it's organ failure. Please read the side effects. That certainly would freak out anybody. How Skynet was born: - SYSTEMD IS AN ABERRATION AGAINST ALL THAT IS UNIX! - But A.I, you use systemd to boot... There's an annual celebration between the cities of Brownsville, Texas and Matamoros, Tamaulipas which could have been the precursor of this idea. It's called "Día del Charro" (Charro Day) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charro_Days . The two cities are in such good terms that even in the late eighties migration control was suspended one day so people could freely cross forth and back to see the parade starting in downtown Brownsville and ending in downtown Matamoros. This free crossing was discontinued due to federal laws, but the two cities remain as close as ever. Wow, you're good. You easily reverse engineered their reverse engineering. It's surprising that a dedicated phisher would go so blatantly overboard, knowing it would stand like a sore thumb. This wasn't spearphishing, it was regular phishing in a pond. Have you considered non-propietary alternatives in your stack solely to reduce licencing? I understand technology choices are shaped by many factors, I'm just curious. I believe the sentiment is not "wanting to stickg to one thing", but rather "we keep fixing development by adding more layers and complexity". So? They'd lay eggs with wings. Come on, at least buy a few nice wallpapers, carpet or curtains. Something good enough to look nice but cheap enough you can leave behind if you move. It wasn't Chinese then, but it is now. My first guess was closed source :/ Just keep in mind that's against Apple's EULA. Yes. Next question. I'll just leave this here http://xkcd.com/1597/ For their price, Teslas shouldn't break that easily. And obligatory SMBC http://smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=1623 They could colonize not to actually interact with the environment there, but for computing resources and redundancy. Waiting for the jump upgrade for the iBot. Somehow, it's reassuring to see how 45 years later, the rm -rf class of problem still persists. Dualism is the technobabble of philosophy. This is awful, but if you use a smartphone, this is about the same telemetry that has been collected on you for years. Microsoft is just keeping up with the times. And maybe multiple non-touch monitors, where the comfortable mobile interface feels cartoonish. Are you a time traveler from 50 years ago? I think you answered yourself why D is not more popular with the "cool kids". C++/Java/C# are overengineered, verbose, horrible languages to use. Java is a bastard of C++, and C# is the better looking bastard. Yes we use them, and even like them in a weird Stockholm Syndrome way, but they're not fun to work with. We use them because we need them, not because we enjoy them. Disclaimer: the personal pronoun "we" as used here means the author plus zero or more people. ... on your own lawn? This is my question as well. We do that at fairs for fun, a spinning habitat seems very feasible. If you care so much about being on topic, please keep politics out of this discussion. > have a bias for full-width sites and browsers. Ah, of course. He's using it wrong! "70% of accidents near stop sign intersections are from stop sign violations" Wow, who would have thought? But only if we break it with the savage might of atomic power! This strategy is likely to make your employer keep you until they can find a replacement at their convenience. "In order to maintain a tolerant society, the society must be intolerant of intolerance". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance They could lower the threshold until they get an acceptable proportion of false positives, but I wouldn't want to be one of those false positives. Wayland finally. The tortuous Mir and Unity crusade is over, I'm willing to bear with whatever is broken in this release if it means Ubuntu working with actual industry standards, specially in the graphics area. It's not the first time they've done this, they adopted SystemD instead of their own Upstart as soon as it was deemed the standard. It is my understanding that difficult tasks should be attempted before banging one's head against the wall. I'm lost, why is it relevant that "in France, we have 7 days to cancel a purchase"? I prefer to call it "C Gone Wild". To support your point, blue (the color) is "azul" is Spanish, but blue (the feeling) is "triste". As a native Spanish speaker, I was lost for a few seconds with your example. It rings as true to me. I've been to small towns in Catalonia, and while most people figures I'm Mexican and treat me as a tourist, a few locals would feign not understanding a word of Spanish and would only speak to you in Catalan, even if you're trying to buy something from them. I don't think so. The iPhone was revolutionary because suddenly you had a lot of sensors and the power to use them in creative ways. There are still sensors that could be added to devices of this price range that, coupled with new apps, would make them cool again: infrared vision, range finder, molecular scanner, etc. Imagine pointing your camera to find an A/C leak inside the wall, or scanning fruit for their ripeness, or measuring furniture at the store to see if it fits in your house/door. Hell, it could even alert you if you have bad breath. Before the iPhone, the best smartphones were Symbian or Blackberries. The iPhone was ridiculously better in every aspect. The market was ripe as people realized they wanted to trade battery life for more powerful devices, after the success of the iPod and the iPaq (not a typo, the PDAs from Compaq/HP). It was a revolution then, and it happened so fast Nokia and RIM were left in the dust. "it was that the things on the screen behaved fluidly when you manipulated them, without lag, allowing you to use the interface _while forgetting that there was an interface there in the first place_." This. Playing solitaire by easily flicking the cards away was magic back then. If postal packages arrived in milliseconds, there would be no need for express delivery. My condolences. Its a very unfair match when only one side gets to make the rules. The business guys who are into watches tend to buy fakes that can fool people like them. FTFY In that light, his performance has been stellar. Not even personal threats to him or his family sway this guy, he'll be the perfect scapegoat when this is over. This was all Ajit's fault, but he's been sacked from public office, rejoice! Come on, it's obvious it's shaped like a penguin. The change in albedo is caused by the rotation needed to maintain gravity for the small alien penguins within. Reading your comment feels like licensing software from Microsoft. I just pay a fixed monthly amount for unmetered data, and I wouldn't have it any other way. It's already 22 minutes old by now, we can trust it. > The entire tech industry, including some of the wealthiest companies in the world, will most certainly rebel against any attempt by ISPs to threaten net neutrality Have you noticed not many tech companies have complained? Did telecom win by attrition, or did they negotiate after the last failure? "Lasers can't even penetrate our navigation shields. Don't they know that?" > How are you going to get food distributed across the country without fossil fuels You would distribute less and source more locally. No more bananas or mangoes. That was the idea behind the "reduce our standard of living" phrase. “The cellphone manufacturers want you to keep a minimum distance away from your body and you should find out what that distance is,” Couldn't be more vague, what a useless recommendation. Also, don't keep smartwatches next to your body! > completely reset me installation to stock I'm picturing a very upset buccaneer. Maybe the Corporatocracy is inevitable, only with stupid names instead of Weyland-Yutani or OmniCorp. Imagine a Ferengi/HAL9000 hybrid: "I've still got the greatest enthusiasm and confidence in this quarter's projections." Good point. When the NSA started going crazy and spied everyone, it was the first time I saw the "It's not OK to spy on USA citizens, but it's OK for foreign citizens" reasoning. I don't know if it was used as openly before. Or, you know, charge ONCE instead of yearly. The "membership" should be an entry barrier, not a revenue source. I hope he ran the Hollywood script while the password cracker ran modestly in the background https://github.com/dustinkirkland/hollywood Did you establish your company before or after Afghanistan was given "freedom"? Until someone names their firstborn Block Chain, we're not there yet. Buroku chan is acceptable too. We as developers might have plenty of RAM to waste, but our users usually don't. If it runs well on our machine but not in the users', what good is it? Even if it runs well on the users' machines, how many resource-heavy applications can they run concurrently? Will they have to close one to open another? Take my hand, I'll guide you back to Reddit. It's not that fascinating. Dying without reproducing happens all the time to many creatures. Missing one's genetic legacy is something the world most likely won't notice. In my experience, they only repost pictures on Facebook about how motherly love is unconditional and infinite. Also, check your family history. If you are a descendant of Arathorn, those spirits might be persuaded to be your personal army as atonement. Single data point: Many years ago, I suffered a severe concussion and was unconscious for a while. For a couple of days I heard voices calling my name even when alone. While my inner dialogue is clearly internal, those voices were spontaneous, which felt eerily external. I think those were flashbacks of people talking to me while I was unconscious. I propose a middle ground with "whorenalist". Is devops really meant to keep microcode patches up to date? Isn't hardware and OS security sysadmin work? > An alternative to an acoustic-optic modulator is the electroptic deflector. There are a few types but the readily available type uses a quadrupole electric field on a lithium niobate crystal. This generates a linear refractive index gradient in one plane that can be adjusted on a ultra fast time scale. This gives the ability to change the deflection angle of a suitably polarised beam propagating down the quadrupole axis. With fast pulse generators the deflection speed can be good enough to achieve deflection by several diffraction angles in perhaps 10 ps. This sounds like something Geordi LaForge would say. It's more underbought than underrated. The X is better than cheaper iPhones, but not that better as to justify its price. Since Apple releases subjective statements instead of hard numbers about iPhone X sales, I have to go by personal anecdote. In my circle, where at least one person always buys the new iPhone, there isn't a single iPhone X owner. I know several would love to have it, but the improvements vs. the previous generation can't justify the expense. My opinion is similar. Before the announcement, I wanted to change my Android for an iPhone. After seeing the price, I'll go with a vastly more capable Android again. "A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it." - Max Planck Imagine stubborn, immortal scientific/economic/government/etc. leaders. > Ending a case that electrified punctuation pedants, grammar goons and comma connoisseurs, Oakhurst Dairy settled an overtime dispute with its drivers that hinged entirely on the lack of an Oxford comma in state law. I see no Oxford comma there. Am I missing something? I think you might enjoy this Sci Fi novel: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voyage_from_Yesteryear I hope she wins because that requisite is dumb. You can endorse a $50 check but you can't endorse a multimillion lottery ticket? No Fucking Bueno > I realize that the proper solution is to terminate my account and never attempt to log back in I've had a "terminated" account that occasionally gets emails inviting me to "Log back in with one click". When I originally tried to delete the account, it told me it would be actually erased a month after. That was 6 years ago. It's a sad state of affairs when one can't tell whether China really has backdoors on Huawei phones, or USA just wants you to use phones with their own backdoors. Too much smoke and mirrors. Agreed. If they were humans, that would be entire towns lost. Wow, sounds real mature. >a completely insane Nixon proposed nuking North Vietnam Knowing someone sane held back the insane leaders of each superpower gives me hope for the future. If humanity was truly hopeless, we wouldn't be here. Ah, thanks. Now I understand. I'm all for leaving a religious calendar and using the Holocene calendar. Just add 10,000 to your dates and you're set. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holocene_calendar If you don't mind videos, here's a good explanation of it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czgOWmtGVGs Is it? Since Facebook knows which browser you used to login, it would be reasonable to expect one scan for each computer you sign in. I guess you could copy the entire browser profile so it thinks it's the same machine, but that's even harder for your regular user. "Yes, father. VirtualBox.org... Yes, .org, not .com... Without spaces, yes... Remind me, do you have Windows 32bit or 64bit?" OTOH, I was pretty sure I wouldn't get to see the 10K problem, even less the 10M problem, and I intend to keep it that way. In other words, r/Programming is like the r/RoastMe of programming. Take everything with several grains of of salt. I have to admit, a resume that lists superpowers is easy to remember. This punishment looks unusual, though. Shkreli called too much attention towards these unethical business model, but there are more people doing it. If he's the only one convicted that harshly, it just sends a signal that you can do it, but with more discretion. So there's little water on Saturn! but wait, since Saturn is about 300 times the size of earth, and Earth's mass is just 1/4000th water, I'm still utterly confused as how much it is compared to us. Odd choice, indeed. > I hope we become better so we can emerge as the role model that we once were. USA is still a role model on many areas: cultural, economic, military, etc. It was never a moral role model, although that didn't deter the government of boasting about it anyway. And to think this article was written in 2000: "Clinton Forecasts Debt-Free Nation" http://abcnews.go.com/US/story?id=94572 And in 2012: "The Untold Story Of How Clinton's Budget Destroyed The American Economy" http://www.businessinsider.com/how-bill-clintons-balanced-bu... Thanks, messed the years. Corrected. > The bones have unfortunately since been lost, and so cannot be analysed. Someone needed Amelia's bones in his private collection? What infuriates me most about minimalism is when attempt an action, and the UI accepts your input but does nothing. No error message, no hint as to what you did wrong, because that wouldn't be minimalist. Minimalism these days imitates half-finished. What about disturbing their Oort cloud analog, spawning rogue comets? It might if he blocked it. Reddit has a large user base and a myriad of subreddits where different solutions have been tried. So far, the best I've seen is strong moderation: clear rules and swift enforcement. AskScience is a shining example of a high quality subreddit, although the comment section usually looks like a graveyard with 90% of the comments removed. YYYY-03-14 Wear OS sounds kinda silly in Mexico, and probably most Spanish-speaking countries. It sounds like "güeros", which is blondes in Spanish, and a (good-natured) euphemism for "gringo" in Mexico. It's difficult to take it seriously. On a related topic, webOS is rarely spoken because it sounds like "huevos", eggs in Spanish and another euphemism for testicles. We know our TVs have it, but no one mentions it in a serious setting because everyone would think the TV is very brave. This. They didn't have money, so they bartered with information. He's saying that the ideal is zero shootings. Having fewer shootings is good and can be appreciated, but the ideal goal is still zero. That would require gasp employing more humans! The management algorithms would not approve! You might want to correct a typo in the landing page: "Our indespensible reports..." > as it matured and catered to more and more 'normal' people it introduced the concept of folders I think it has more to do with capacity growth. Relying in tag+search would be insane if most queries returned hundreds of files, As native to one of the countries affected by Manifest destiny, I can assure USA's foreign policy never has had the moral high ground, but it just liked to say it did. Seeing how faster it is for me (compared to the web interface) to keep up to date with HackerNews after the weekend, I disagree. RSS is excellent to sift and pick many articles. First make it work, then make it correct, then document it, then make it efficient, then make it pretty. Rarely all stages are reached, but in open source projects, anyone can cook their favorite dish for this dinner. > I object to it asking for far more access than it needs, before you're even able to see the product you're granting access to. If after trying it, you don't like it and revoke its access, it's fine. The most meaningful data was probably siphoned already. Obligatory exec() mention. I tried and it's not worth it. You get much more free time, but all your schedule revolves around always having a place to take a nap on time. Miss your schedule and you fall back to normal sleep pretty quick. Besides that, my impression was that injuries heal slower with polyphasic sleep. What do you think about sleeping pills? I disagree. If you make something, THE thought is that it fulfills its function correctly. I wouldn't pursue an excellent UX if the inner workings are buggy. You're right. They are supposed to get you used to a sleep schedule, not to force you to sleep every night. They can't be used forever. As someone else already suggested, meditation might be worth trying. Some people find it harder to calm their thoughts, but those are usually the most benefited. > The engineer in question now has to support multiple variants of the driver, and QA has to acquire several of these screens and maintain a dedicated test rack of them. Conversely, the update just needs to reliably detect if the screen is Apple brand, and abort the update if it's not. If this can be done, then the current driver could be considered generic and working everywhere, and the engineer would just need to maintain the generic and the current version. That is, if Apple didn't mind to pay for making easier for third parties to get sales instead of Apple. Somehow I don't think that's the case. Please, developers, don't use back ticks. They're not as accessible in other keyboard layouts. I'd prefer no quotes, but that would restrict the dictionary to keys without spaces. Maybe square brackets, since anyone using python already types those to access dictionary keys. Even if it's all-or-nothing and no generic drivers are implemented, it's better to deny new features than to cripple a working device. Apple defines the third-party market with how much documentation it releases. This is not a technical or practical problem, it's Apple not easing its iron grip, as it always does. Flashing a custom ROM I guess. Most are made by enthusiasts, so while amazing, there are no hard guarantees about performance and security. Despite that, a custom ROM feels like having a modern device again. All the marketing-driven little walls are gone. "The NES Homebrew Scene Is Driven by Nostalgia" Hey, why isn't anyone reading our article? Sure, Download the source from https://source.android.com/setup/build/downloading . The driver is in kernel/drivers/input/touchscreen. Unless the Pixel 2's touchscreen is so weird that it needs a new driver, this will work for everyone. This one? https://news.ycombinator.com/rss > I looked at it, but that doesn't actually tell me the touchscreen interface. It just tells me the bits they're currently using. I have to agree with you on this. This is not a full hardware specification, it just tells how the hardware should behave up until the driver was released. Modern open source hardware is still far in the future. I prefer ActionScript to all the other languages I've learned/worked with (C#, Java, PHP, Python, Lisp, etc). So thanks but no thanks. Oh, wait... You have to admire their ingenuity in fighting smartphone addiction by selling you another smart device. Except governments should watch the interests of their citizens, not only those of their shareholders. Sadly, that's why I said "should". Imagine those same governments being actual corporations... maybe your standing as a citizen would be measured by how many shares you own. Oh, I'm not drinking through a straw, I'm actually pushing the liquid up using the atmosphere. If the Hubble observations end up fitting old boring theories, I fear those scientists might release a new Universe.js framework on their own. A modern, beautiful and almost as performant universe than the native one, Could you open it to more countries? Seems nice, but it's not in Mexico's App Store. I'm using FeeddlerRSS out of the limited options of good RSS readers in my country, but I'd like to try others. I apologize, it is there. I assumed it wasn't because the search "Telescope" showed some apps ending with "scope", then some astronomy apps and after that a bunch of non-related games. Thanks. This is one of the strangest stories of Reddit, both scary and useful. Glad to see it here. Even if all people started reading, fully understanding, and declining those contracts, they can be made longer so people stop reading them again. Let's be real. You can't expect everyone to be fluent in legalese, just as you can't expect everyone to learn plumbing, masonry, electricity or carpentry just to pick the right contractor when remodeling your house. Fixed link: https://imgur.com/a/BsaC6ZA Unless you're in dire need of thousands of wallpapers (most of them you are going to delete anyway) it's better not to hammer the website. I'd even limit the download rate. When Google Reader died, I tried several alternatives including Feedly. At that time it could import your feeds, but it didn't do export. I don't now, but I didn't want to use a service that locked-in RSS feeds. I really like Jeeps too, but they give 14 mpg at their best, so 20mpg does seem good relatively, and 30mpg impossible, even if many sedans can reach it. I guess it would be maddening. At least in the tank you can still move, speak, blink, touch, breathe, etc. Much more importantly, in a vat you'd have your entire central nervous system exposed, that could be painful. > I've wondered sometimes whether we're headed towards a post-privacy world If post-privacy worked both ways, I'm all for a future like that, it would be a transparency utopia. I'm amazed HN launched in 2007, this was written in 2013 and for 5 years no one has added new definitions yet. I've been using Ubuntu almost since it started, because it works and I sure as hell don't miss fiddling with X modelines or compiling my own kernel. I've stuck with the standard Ubuntu, but have tried all the flavors because I wish some degree of customization, and Gnome wishes less every time. Unfortunately they are not as polished. Since Ubuntu is so great anyway, I try to convince myself that less customization means less wasted time. > Dragging a window to the top of the screen maximizes the window. FOR GODS SAKE WHY. It must be great for avoiding accidental unlocks, but I always feel a bit dirty swiping up the mouse to unlock. I'm sorry your curiosity declined after college. Well, Apple's logo is a sideways bitten apple. It's a cartoon too, just more stylish. The first time I was telling a fellow .Net developer about the awesomeness of Firefox vs Internet Explorer, I thought the 3D view would blow his mind. It crashed instead. Waiting for someone to advocate free markets and how the markets regulate themselves. Any time now. That extension is just a placebo. It doesn't exclude search results, it just hides them. If your search returns many unwanted results, enjoy paginating a handful of links at a time. It filters only web searches; news, images, videos, etc. are not. I used and dropped it last year. Maybe it has improved, but I doubt it will ever replace the removed "block this site" feature Google had. That worked. Ideal for those times when the echo chamber is not enough. I don't get why people expect privacy on information they made publicly available. It's hardly stalking if your information is just a few clicks away. > You can't really design a perfect virus Just design several good-enough viruses. Because if they pay to get the troll away, it will attract more trolls. How can that be? Are buried ancient bones indistinguishable from buried recent bones? In my country there's an aphorism that roughly translates as "Tell me what you boast about and I'll tell you what you lack". ¿Where is this magical world where you study up to your twenties and retire at your 30s? Can deposit cash in their account as easily? That was the main hurdle in the parent post. I might add, in my country you can still deposit cash in any account, but the bank is required to declare cash deposits beyond $1,000 USD in the same month. > Honestly, I don't believe any company would "do the right thing". Companies exist to make money, as much as they possibly can. Don't forget that companies are a tool for people to make money, It they lack ethics it's because a) the people who run them lack ethics, or b) they are too removed from the operation it only means a quarterly stream of money. I think granting legal personhood to conceptual entities was one of the biggest mistakes of capitalism. This reminded of a famous fraud in the Mexican Lottery. It was low-tech, basically the company that transmits the draw managed to record it minutes before, tell insiders the numbers and later transmit the video as if it was real-time. $12 million USD were stolen, only $8 million were recovered. The lotteries here (besides the statistical argument) are not trustworthy. I urge people who buy tickets to save their money, but the dream of getting rich instantly is too alluring. Only if it includes a lightweight and fast electron client. I wish there was a book that collected famous security incidents in this writing style. > efficent immigration A couple of years ago I had to take a connected flight where one of the stops was in USA. I was never going to leave the airport, yet I had to form in a line while immigration was doing the routine bottleneck check on dozens of travelers, while my flight time was getting dangerously close. We just had to suck it up, any complaining just brought additional delays. The check was fairly automated, I guess they just needed more agents, or less gratuitous revisions. If aliens were like our whales, for example, there isn't going to be much communication anyway. No civilization, no technology, no dwellings, clothing, artifacts, or any significant culture. No effective strategy to outsmart predators. Aliens mainly devoted to eating, finding a mate, procreating and fooling around.