I see where you're coming from, but environment has many subtle factors that lead to, I believe, missed opportunities if they aren't taken advantage of. For example, what would a Houston Oil startup gain from spending a few months of critical startup time in a city with high rent, drastically different driving culture, little access to oil companies, services, equipment, fields and etc, and a completely different set of laws regarding their practice? Better to be spending their after-hours times mingling with the oil folks in Houston bars than the tech folks in SF bars. Who makes the first top-level judgement of "this is very good" or "this is very bad?" That's the story story of a game-learning program that found the best way to "not lose" at tetris was to pause right before a brick extended above the top of the level, and leave it paused indefinitely. I don't understand how this is relevant - it's a technology people use to stay connected, share photos, and communicate. Is there some issue you have with this? The article wasn't commenting on the moral implications of facebook or even the beat-to-death privacy issues. Soulless algorithm designed by living humans, hosted on a website which features user-generated content, designed by a human. It's not like it's AI. Many of the bootcamps rely on this self-selection as an aspect of their admissions, to ensure their post-program hire numbers stay high. For example, having a technical interview with a high failure rate, followed by about 80 hours of precourse work, followed by another failure chance on a precourse test. Those that have the desire and ability to learn enough technical material to first pass the technical interview, and then complete the precourse work, probably would have figured out a good deal of developer skills on their own anyway. My only fear is that ultimateGuitarTabs will use these developments to make visiting their site on mobile even more of a hellish experience. Agreed here. I found myself lethargic and frankly stupid until I discovered, through a sleep study, that I have sleep apnea. To cure this, I was simply prescribed an anti histamine pill, to be taken once a day, and a corticosteroid spray to be taken in the nostrils once a day. My sleep apnea was cured within a week and my abilities as a developer increased tenfold. It is really amazing how much of a difference in your personality and abilities a good night's sleep can make. A quick google search shows, yes. Anecdotal, it's how I was raised. Really? A person can be the flagship of a movement that is so opposed to your point of view as to be dangerous. A radically religious up and coming politician for example. Or, I suppose, Hitler. When it comes to investing, "I like how the teams work" is probably not the path you should be walking down in making a decision about where to drop a hefty chunk of change on. Odd, I hadn't heard of that until now, and I spend every day in a room with ~20 people all on various windows 10 machines. 'Travel > Destinations > Middle East' So I can assume Yahoo isn't the one watching this particular bit of my internet traffic... That's probably a different sort of correlation than a Google-caused one. I wonder how this applies in my case - self taught with a degree... in Literature. I haven't had a hard time finding a job but that's a pretty big selection bias. These are all really nice looking, but the android radio buttons seem very user-unfriendly. I'm usually pretty good at sorting out indecipherable buttons and whatnot but they've got me stumped. Even if you could argue that Apollo was nothing more than a "PR Stunt", what is the issue with it being that? From a nationalism perspective, there's a tremendous advantage to be gained from plugging an entire generation with patriotism from a moon landing. Why is your OP getting downvoted? Are we assuming they're an SJW because they informed us of the popular meaning of those words? I knew what those words meant and would have shared as well, despite how much I detest the SJW movement. They is the easiest, and already fully adopted, option. Why bother trying to add another? They is the easiest, and already fully adopted, option. Why bother trying to add another? You must not have been alive long. There was a time people in the States were being jailed and having their rights rescinded for possibly, maybe, being communists. But, but, salesforce is building another downtown San Francisco skyscraper! That means they're successful, right? Guys? By having your articles directly on your site, linked to via a "feed reader" that everyone already uses - twitter, facebook, reddit, etc. I remember trying to get into RSS feeds a few years back. I passed them by - it was easier to just hit news.google.com or my multireddit or twitterfeed for news I was interested in. Sure, I didn't "get it," and yea fine I'm not the smartest guy ever, but I'm probably a good representation of the average net user - interested in efficient means at getting the news such as RSS, but also tremendously lazy. Why bother? I already have a twitter/reddit/gnews account. Now that's thinking the npm way I didn't finish the problem in my interview, and got hired. I asked the PM later why, and he said "we wanted to see you try to solve a problem we know you couldn't, so we could see your problem-solving process and how you handle stress." The author of the article comes off as defensive and blame-shifting. I'm not surprised he didn't get hired. Since when is it ok to say "why?" when someone asked you to perform something in an interview? Do you really think the multi million dollar news agency will need you to program a maze at some point, so they're testing your ability to? Just how dumb do these engineers think recruiters are? Tim Ferris based a huge chunk of his "24 Hour Body" book on the concept of cold baths. This illustrates a question for my I've been wondering for a while - while each developer on a project should have a good idea of security best practice, is it worth it for each to be an expert in security? I've always felt that there should be a member (or team, depending on project scale) for each project who is a "security expert" and can guide decisions for security best practice. So the developers can be aware that they need to tie in an API key at some point, and the security expert can guide the best way to implement that. 5,677,000 tourists to Brazil in 2012. So 500,000 is an 8% increase, correct? If you're looking at the chart, that's 2012, not 2015. I typed "Virtual Reality" and got back "Media depictions of Latinos don't match reality" https://www.theatlas.com/charts/V1RJtzYA Can anybody ELI5 what this site's supposed to be doing? They also washed their hands before they went inside. Edit - and wore a hair net I find this absurd. This is natural language processing. What do languages have? Gendered pronouns. Some languages have gendered nouns. We use language to communicate information about our environment. Whether or not someone is male or female may be irrelevant to how they perform in certain tasks, ie, don't judge someone by their race/gender obviously. However, purposely crippling a natural language processor by removing its ability to use language to determine gender is insanity. Every single aspect of this API has a degree of uncertainty. If you'd like to improve the capability of the algorithm, put in some PRs to help out the accuracy. Hey I'm a noob, can anybody expand upon what other languages are used to program mainframes? Is there any indication that COBOL will eventually be traded out for something newer? Hey I'm a noob, can anybody expand upon what other languages are used to program mainframes? Is there any indication that COBOL will eventually be traded out for something newer? Off-topic, but I've always felt like "silver bullet" isn't a very good metaphor to use because we keep using it sarcastically, as above. Wasn't the silver bullet the only way to stop a werewolf? Or does the phrase come from somewhere else? Anyway maybe something like magic bean or some other "looks useful but turned out not to be" metaphor would be better, not sure which one though. How are two sites sharing this fingerprint information in a way that says "yup, this is the same guy?" Like is there some sot of cabal of evil advertising companies running a bunch of sites, or what? I work for a popular bootcamp and can offer further insight. Interviews: Criteria include technical ability. Our site points towards a lot of free resources for learning JS, and I can personally attribute that there is enough material to get a liberal arts student from 0 to a basic understanding of core JS functions. If they can't use those free resources to self-teach, or haven't grocked the material after attending a bootcamp prep course, they probably won't be able to keep up with a 3 month intense training program. ~80% of applicants will be asked to interview again, and of that percent, maybe 50% will eventually be accepted. Criteria also include hireability. If a potential student has never held a job in their life, they probably will be rejected. We want to bring people in that will be employable, and motivated to seek employment. On that note, yes, personal hygiene and social skills come into play. If someone comes in for an interview that we would loathe working with, they will be turned away, regardless of their technical ability. Outcomes: We are financially motivated to ensure students get jobs, but probably not in the way many think. We don't receive placement fees (that I'm aware of), but we all face the rampant "bootcamp grads aren't as good as comp sci grads" mindset in the industry. For every candidate we place, that's one more person proving that bootcamp grads can operate on the level of a comp sci grad. That's good for brand. More people will hear about the program, be more likely to attend, etc. Furthermore, more PMs and Engineering Managers will see the good work of our graduates, and perhaps come to understand that these candidates are competitive with a comp sci grad, and be more likely to hire grads in the future. On reporting failures: The hardest work in avoiding "failures" is in the admissions process. It's rigorous. If someone would be a "failure" i.e. unable to finish the course or unable to build the portfolio necessary/perform in technical interviews well enough to get a job, they won't get into the program (mostly). I don't work in outcomes, so I can't comment on how transparent the numbers are, but there's no concerted effort to conceal anything at this bootcamp and I feel the numbers are accurate. Without a doubt, it's worth investigating a bootcamp thoroughly for outcomes results before attending. Alumni Network: Shockingly powerful. For example, one of our graduates interviews at, say, google. They meet with the outcomes staff after and discuss the interview. We now have a general idea of what to expect in a google interview. This data is stored and updated for every single graduate, forever . So if a candidate who graduated 2 years ago is job switching and interviewing at google, they can come in and discuss what to expect in a google interview based on other alumni interviews, practice whiteboarding problems with staff, etc. We are careful about NDAs, etc. Everything I've seen is above the board, but I can't speak for any but one bootcamp. >The ability to communicate The bootcamp I attended focused heavily on this aspect. All sprints were pair-programmed, and there were 3 group projects. They lectured repeatedly on team dynamics, feedback methods, agile workflows, etc. Furthermore, applicants with extremely poor soft skills wouldn't make it into the program. We call those "reminders." I would say the concept of DX is rising not just in terms of UI, but in the holistic sense. For example, Windows releasing the Ubuntu Bash and Microsoft Code in an attempt to make Windows a better DX environment. My first serious introduction to programming was through Harvard's online CS50x course, which uses C. I think it was a fantastic way to introduce a newbie like me to what programming languages are doing under the hood with memory allocation, pointers, value vs ref, etc. I once tried out Tan-tan, China's version of Twitter. I was idly swiping away until I saw, on one girl, "you have crossed paths with her twice!" underneath which was a Baidu maps frame showing Balboa Park station. Swiftly uninstalled. Oh well. I feel the same way about all the Monty Python movies. To each their own and whatnot. Occasionally, yes, though I'd say that 2% of accepted students because people already in the industry have the skills to learn what is needed switch over from say back to front end, or apps to webapps, etc. Typically these students learn a great deal of soft skills and pair-programming skills while they're here, so I think it's still valuable. Apologies, I like to keep my online and RL identities as separate as possible. In any case, I can only speak for one bootcamp. I really don't know if all the other ones are doing placement fees. Besides the fact that on android, the app requires what appears to be every single permission, be aware that all companies dealing in media have a designated Party official liaison who usually sits in the office and has more decision power than the editor in chief. Based on my experience working and developing in China, I would say I can all but guarantee that the Chinese government is viewing and editing all data as it pertains to wechat. All chatlogs, all private conversations, all financial transactions, all GPS coords for checkin locations, all of it. They may not be doing anything with it, but it's being stored. I'm about to take us from off the rails to into the forest, but since we're on the subject - poor people are poor, yes, but I think the biggest problem is lack of financial education. I know people that are making enough money to live comfortably, but are crippled by debt caused by poor decisions when they are younger, or poor decisions now. I say better financial education, and then the next step. That's fine, but so why don't we? If the whole purpose of downloading all these courses is so that we can continue to access them after Coursera goes full moneygrub mode, surely someone is willing to sacrifice their Coursera account for this? Does this mean netflix can stop paying Comcast? I would say the same reason we teach web developers what a linked list is. They might never use it (watch me eat my own boot here) but it's a fundamental principle upon which a lot of the tools they use are built. It's good to know what's going on under the hood. I don't think the OP was commenting on the intelligence of the locals, but more their grasp of a foreign language. I've studied Chinese for six years and lived in Taiwan for four of them, I still make elementary mistakes because it's just not my native tongue. I bet if I was drawing up a menu I'd miss a couple characters or strokes on characters. You could use the google predict api to to language analysis, ex this is a happy tweet, this is a sad one, etc. I bet there's someone on the team playing with just such implementations. https://cloud.google.com/prediction/ I mean, what would you do if you had access to over a trillion searches? It's already being worked on: http://thecreatorsproject.vice.com/blog/enter-the-void-the-w... Wasn't he referring to the phone app that integrates with the plug? I wasn't sure either. Well, we are on a something.ycombinator.com website right now... why don't you throw together a prototype, register a company, and present to ycombinator? I've met with Kyle Simpson a couple of times. He develops a lot of our coursework at Makersquare/Hack Reactor. Definitely a sharp guy and very down to earth. His code can be above my head but he's really good at bringing it back down to a level the students can understand, which as a former teacher I think is even more difficult that getting to an expert level in the first place. Wouldn't user reviews technically be a form of "curation?" It's not like when I search "SD card 16gb" I go past page 2 on the search results. It's true - Chinese kids age 7 can write less words in Mandarin than American kids age 7 can write in English. However, it doesn't change the fact that the difficulty of the language has nothing to do with literacy rate. China has a low literacy rate because huge swaths of the population don't have access to education. I learned Japanese and Chinese to a fluent level, and at least from my biased point of view Japanese is a tremendously more difficult written language. Not only do you have just as many "characters" (kanji, hanzi, 汉子, 漢子, whatever) as you do in Mandarin, those characters can have many different pronunciations. You also have katakana (phonetic, 46 + modifications), hiragana(phonetic, 46 + modifications), and just for fun the occasional English (phonetic, 26). And yet, Japan has a 99% literacy rate. Compare that to the USA's 97.9% literacy rate, a country that teaches English (26 letters, phonetic), and I think the argument that difficulty of the language reflects the literacy rate falls apart. This is because we speak Mandarin Chinese in Taiwan, using Traditional, rather than Simplified characters, whereas people in Hong Kong speak Cantonese using Traditional characters. It's a different language entirely. Similar to how you can use Chinese characters (traditional or simplified, whatever) to write Vietnamese and Korean and Japanese, as used to happen many years ago. What boggles my mind is that this is just one of many cases of provable long-term return. It's trickier for HR type investments (measuring the ROI on increases wages, or putting a pool table in the break room), but another example is most governments' refusal to believe that education has a massive ROI. Despite the fact that we have economic scientists repeatedly demonstrating with overwhelming evidence that these types of long-term investments have massive ROI, people can't overcome their natural short sightedness. As long as the mindset of "we're done hearing from experts!" is allowed to resurface again and again, we'll have this problem. See: Anti-vaccers, the insanity with radium, maybe even Bob Marley's toe cancer. In modern music, "audio production" is arguably more important than any other aspect. If we judged your average top 10 hit by the same standards (melody, harmonization) that we did a Bach piece, no modern music would be considered "good" (le wrong generation, I get it). But these songs are popular and drive a multimillion dollar industry, so they must be doing something right. I would point straight to production quality and technique. Why is Dr. Dre so popular? He's a decent rapper but he doesn't really have much content volume. He's who he is because he's one of the best producers in hip-hop. He made a career, a legacy, and an industry out of just being really good at production. Having lived in Japan on and off for the past decade, this is just par for the course for a Japanese company. If you wanted to get anything done, it's done via fax. God knows why, that's just how it is. Everywhere. edit: I'm referring specifically to the need for lots of paperwork Perhaps zombocom? http://www.zombo.com/ That turned out to be a lie from Erdogan. Yahoo! Taiwan as well. It's the primary buyer/seller platform, weirdly. Jesus christ, that dude was standing next to three shells that were as big as him. They were really launching artillery that large? What kind of power did those shells have? How'd they launch them? I always thought of the artillery bombardments as similar to modern mortars. The lesson we can learn from the poisoned battlefields of WWI can be applied as a counter-argument to anyone saying we should nuke something - consider not only the short term implications of the nuke, but the long term effect on local and global environments. Just take a look at your google fitness tracker map after a run to see why this could be bad. Oops, we're suddenly a block north for some reason? Let me just veer sharp right to fix this! Javascript? Why does Angular need a build process? You can just point script tags at a fat angular.js file, or a CDN, and go on your merry way. Sure it's not like the 10x dev way to do it, but I do it for simple apps all the time. Try the actor generator. I got samuel m. lee, heh I don't understand what you mean by this. Do you mean a button that grabs the current URL you're at? Do other websites have this? I'm not challenging you, I genuinely don't understand what you're talking about. That's kind of funny because there's a major trend now following people like Elon Musk who promote skimming through engineering texts. The idea being that you're not going to learn rocket science reading a dissertation on rocket fuel, but you will become aware of things you hadn't done before, and retain random knowledge that could be useful and will be useful as you continue skimming more and more technical books. As someone who spent yesterday firing off 38 job applications (with personalized cover letters!), this terrifies me. Kids are an awesome way to think about these problems. I did a teaching abroad stint once and it was incredible to witness kindergartners wrastle with this new language I was introducing to them, adopt it while they're still learning their native one. It got even cooler when there'd be a half native kid who already spoke English as well as Chinese. I wonder if there's AI focused research that analyses how children learn language as an aspect of their research? Especially kids learning a "new" language. Can you clarify "focus your efforts?" For example, I am a graduate software engineer. There are a lot of companies that I have a more than sincere interest in working for - I have a near obsession for working for, say, Google, Amazon, Dropbox, or Facebook. I also have a desire to pay my bills. All 4 of the above have rejected me for "lack of years of experience," and so now what? Find more companies I sincerely want to work for? At this point, a company with a software engineering team I can learn from fits the bill, of which there's probably 3,000 in the Bay Area alone. So, I don't understand how my options at this point are anything other than literally sending out 3,000 resumes (I'm at 80 now). Other than, of course, extensive networking, which I also do. >There's someone a few comments over That's me, we're in the comment chain for it right now. I don't understand what else I can do to get a job as someone a.) new to the city and b.) a graduate software engineer with no prior experience other than personal and group projects. None of my "passion about" companies will take me - dropbox rejected me in 30 minutes flat, probably automatically. What can I do but spray out absurd amount of resumes? What can I do but have an auto-generated cover letter that swaps out COMPANY_NAME and JOB_TITLE so I can crank out enough resumes a day to ensure I get a job before my bills swamp me? I'm still confused by the CDS bit. Is there a good eli5 article on it? I've already checked the eli5 subreddit and couldn't find anything specifically on the mechanism that allowed shorting. The weird thing is, there's no reason we can't have both (megacity and nature preserve). A hop skip and a jump over the golden gate bridge brings you to the expansive Golden Gate Recreational Area. Head south and you have lots of state preserves, national parks, state parks, and etc for hiking/climbing. A mere three hour drive south is the incredible Big Sur. A few more hours East, Yosemite. So why not develop down town? Why not knock down the dinky little family two stories in Daly City and put up highrises? I don't get it. I don't think he was necessarily implying it'd be date-like - I've had those "4 hour conversations resulting with the key to my existence" type conversations with the sex I'm not romantically interested in, from small coffee "dates." To quote Always Sunny, it's all about the implication. I start with a question unrelated to the coffee "Jane, how are things going at Salesforce? I've been considering a move lately, mind if I get you a coffee and pick your brain a bit?" You can initialize the convo at that point and then either fluidly move the conversation elsewhere if desired, or, you know, not. Anyway, that's how I do it: transparent objective. Technically the same metaphor can be used for "commit" if we assume you stage the one thing and commit that one thing. Now look through the same workflow again but replace "stage" with "stage it and commit it." It's reputational hangover from I would say maybe the 80s. My experience in Japan was totally the opposite. Most people's emails are something like abc3fa3a11fe.afj.kl@softbank.co.jp because that's the email their phone provider gave them, and they don't know how to check their email if they lose their mobile phone. Internet access is sparse - not even the starbucks at the famous shinjuku intersection had wifi when I was there in 2014. If you want internet, you need to go to an internet cafe - those places that people sometimes just move into as cheap apartments. To do that, you need to register for a card... with a Japanese phone number and a Japanese bank. You want any paperwork done, it'll involve a fax. No, scanning and emailing will not work, sorry. No, you can't just bring the paper in, it must arrive via the fax machine. Japanese websites: https://randomwire.com/why-japanese-web-design-is-so-differe... Etc. They look the same and that's boring. ...I'm only slightly kidding. I think it's relevant. I think there should be an addendum: the human should have total control over "how important" a given technology is to it. So for example, there's maybe 3 apps on my phone out of 50 that are allowed to use notifications. I'm always horrified when I pick up my mom's phone and it's swamped with notifications, popups in the status bar, lock screen flooded over, yuck. "Comcast video streaming service is not in the same category as Netflix, Hulu because...." Back to square 1. Especially metrics comparing cost of getting your own vs offloading to AWS or whatever. When is the "break even" point for buying your own? Well, this feels obvious, but let's say the required PE classes have skilled professors that can adjust a PE program to your fitness level? Would your opinion change then? I hear the same arguments about engineering students forced to take political science, or liberal arts students forced to take x number of laboratory credits. Arguably, health is more important that a journalist's ability to use calculus. 20 miles a day? Surely you aren't serious? Someone check my math but at a 7 minute mile, that's a 2 hour run every day, plus warmup, stretch, change, cleanup time. That feels absurd for anybody with a job, family, etc. Maybe every other day would make more sense. I think their point still stands - sure there's regulations, but that's just added bureaucracy and history on top of an arbitrary system. I won't pretend like it doesn't work - clearly it does - but something like the USD is extremely vulnerable as well if "the system" goes down - hyper inflation, hyper deflation, currency rejection (people want chickens not dollars), etc. Sounds like a lot of hit and miss with these schools. With the rise of bootcamps as well, I wonder - is there any organization / website / agency compiling and auditing a list of these types of schools? It'd be great to be able to say "I want to become a pipeline designer" and knowing with Better Business Bureau level of confidence that I was choosing a good training program. To clarify, can we reduce your point down to "natural talent doesn't exist?" It's a bummer but you couldn't have known. Just keep making smart investments. Are you an American? Because plenty of countries strike that balance just fine. Or be hacked and then distributed. This is a fun thing to talk about in Hacker News. I'm outa this thread. Do either of you mind linking to your static blogs or an article discussing your process here? I've only ever used a wordpress install for blogging but have been thinking about just building a static blog from scratch. I don't understand how "national security concerns" is not a valid risk. Of all the countries in the world, China is 1 of 2 that are actually capable of standing up to US military might, and the only real advantage the US has is a more robust intelligence system via satellites. Satellites that for example can early detect missile launches, track missiles, guide missiles, etc. If I was a US military adviser I would absolutely be putting full pressure on avoiding any situation that gives the Chinese or the Russians more insight or access to the space program. I think war and military stuff is stupid and antithesis to the advancement of the human race, but I can see how someone who's job it is to be concerned about that sort of thing is very concerned about that sort of thing. It's almost as if... different people have different experiences at different companies... as if, dare I say it, not all people and companies are the same? If you value your worth based off what label an organization slaps on your paychecks, sure. If you are getting better and better at your job, you can tell your company or other companies you require $x.xx salary, or want to move into management, etc. Why wait for them to promote you? To be fair, avoiding the fries and shake (or chips and coke or what have you) seems to cut 50% or more of the calories. 760 calories on a burger is a fine portion. Then again, the macro ratio is probably not where you want it if you're counting that sort of thing. "Here let me UPload the local repo to our git server" git down "Great now let me DOWNload the changes to another branch" git up What? I mean, is that a masterpiece? I ask as someone who is unaware of Stephen Shore and has never seen this picture before. As someone living in 2016, that looks like a random picture of a gas station someone took on a road trip. I agree with Keegan here, it's boring. I'm sure there's some historical context or something I'm missing out on here, but that's just my take looking at the picture. What do you think would happen if Twitter didn't exist? You'd probably just email them or something. If Twitter only needed to serve the states, sure. But they need to sync servers globally and provide decent bandwidth to every corner of the developed world. That's a big $ technical problem. And so it does? However you feel about the executives and history of Hyperloop, I think it's important that companies like this exist and try things like this. You know what's expensive and was once unfeasible? Strapping thousands of tons of fuel to a rocket and launching it into space. And yet... "Will need to be persuaded to compensate," i.e., sued, which will take probably 2-5 years to complete because it will be cheaper to bill lawyers than payout potentially millions to Vachani. A big problem with our legal system is that it favors those with more money in every way - the rich can lever more cases, better cases, more often. They can afford to appeal at every level, to pay lawyers to look for hundreds of little loopholes. And they are essentially immune to being sued because not only can nobody afford to even begin procedures, once they do, all the more enriched party needs to do is fend off attacks long enough for their opponents' funds to run out. How does that matter? Possibly? I can see why one would want to assume that an entity that can simulate a universe would be able to know more than the collective ability of that simulation, but on the other hand, we simulate things and learn unexpected results from our simulations. I think it's entirely feasible that a simulation can generate more knowledge, or different knowledge, than exists outside the simulation. How? I'm not sure I buy into that, because we haven't been able to draw a strict line between what a "player" and "npc" would potentially be. True, but in the end their ability to perceive will be limited by the wires to/from those cameras to their hardware, and thus it is still possible that even the external world they thing they're observing, including themselves and their place in it, is also simulated. As in, someone could plug a "fake" camera into the AI and fool it. I don't understand - all methods of inspection exist in the same world as the hardware and thus can be spoofed. What about R&D output? Even if the company goes broke, they / their research can be purchased and used in the future. They might only produce new materials that they sell the patents for upon going bankrupt. Their engineers and scientists will develop and learn, and move on to other firms if Hyperloop becomes insolvement, and take that knowledge with them. I've often found a problem with open source projects is that they aren't set up for non-profit, so you can't claim a donation on taxes. Perhaps minor but this could mean a lot for, for example, an organization looking for a donation target. The debates that didn't run commercials? >force them to upgrade their browsers Please yes I always use SkyScanner - similar UI with options for "find the cheapest flight in a month," but usually way cheaper prices. Also includes Southwest, which Google Flights is missing, if I remember correctly. https://www.skyscanner.com/ Skyscanner also has more airlines than google flights, if I remember correctly. I don't think google flights shows southwest flights, but skyscanner does. I have no idea why. What does /ncr do? I'm having a hilariously difficult time googling for it because I usually google straight from the omni bar. I disagree that it will replace both. The DS brings ruggedness and a smaller form factor. I can't see me bringing this little flimsy tablet with probably max ~8 hours of battery life with me on one of my travels. My 3DS has had no trouble being thrown into a ruck and dragged across SE Asia needing a charge a week. That's a bit pessimistic. "I wonder if Elon will go down path A...." "Interesting that the battery is now x, this is probably a result of Y technology they developed last year." Etc. I don't find it hard to discuss a topic in a positive light at all. Or any porn website. I didn't even know the 3DS had AR features and I probably have 300 hours logged at least on it. I didn't even know the 3DS had AR features and I probably have 300 hours logged at least on it. I usually have folders of stuff that I want to blog about later (consolidate a bunch of tutorials or articles on some aspect of Backbone or whatever into a single post) or mass-send people who are going down paths I've once gone down, for example learning Chinese or learning Javascript. I thought, "first actual space battle! Neat!" Then I felt horrible. Add 1800 contacts, ynab. Maybe not important to some people but it was how I realized something was up. I know a lot about some things, but almost nothing about networking, so excuse me if this is a really dumb question but - would your physical location determine what hosts you returned from that query? Like if you were in Asia would you get different ones back? The unfortunate thing is that common sense dictates that productivity should be going down with quality of life, but apparently, it isn't. Or at least, nobody has been able to demonstrate a correlation yet. It'd be fun to build a tool that does this. I still have ~170 companies I applied to more than two months ago that I haven't heard back from yet. Funnier still is that in the end, the 3 offers I was fortunate enough to receive in the same timeline all had at most a timeline of 2 weeks from initial communication/application to offer. Rejections came either within a half second (auto somehow) to two weeks. The best thing my boss way back when I was a recruiter told me - "Updating someone that there's no update yet is a hell of a lot better than not updating them because there's no update yet." In other words, a simple "the team is still discussing your interview but haven't made a decision yet" email can make all the difference in the world. That being said, and I'm swaying off topic here, candidates should never pause or slow down their job search, no matter how far along they are with a company. A rejection can come in a million forms for a million reasons, and how much would it suck to be back at square one across the board if it happens? I'm not using the service, but I'm curious what an acceptable threshold for this company is. Like, if half the DNS servers are attacked? If hostile actors sever fiber optic lines in the Pacific? I ask because my secondary question, as a network noob, is was anybody prepared / preparing for a DDOS on a DNS like this? Were people talking about this before? I live in Mountain View so I've been thinking today about the steps I and my company could take in case something horrifying happens - I remember reading on reddit years ago about local internets, wifi nets, etc, and would love to start building some fail safes with this in mind. Two pronged comment, sorry. It would have to be an audio device that has that little "ring" of audio in. Sorry, not knowledgeable in this field, someone smarter will be able to clarify, but I've noticed that my headphones that don't have a mic capability have less little "separator" rings on the 3.5mm jack, whereas the ones that do have mic capability have more. Also your solution seems... excessive... I'm an avid surface user, which doesn't make sense because 90% of my tweet history is me yelling at Microsoft that a windows update is preventing me from giving a presentation, again. So, as much as I love the platform, the issues for me are 1. Windows 10 updates are not sane. They do not schedule properly, and do not try to tell me otherwise because I have invested probably 40 hours total at this point trying to sanely schedule them. If you disable them, your build of Windows will go out of date and your machine will reset randomly until you turn them back on. Also, on a surface pro, updates take ~30 minutes to 6 hours. I joke not. So result: I'll roll into work at 8, have a presentation at 9, pop open the machine, and see "windows is configuring your update.... 39%" and know that I won't be working on that machine until after lunch. Maybe. 2. Random, impossible to track, unrelated bugs. Plugging in a second monitor causes all sorts of weirdness. It gets stuck in tablet mode. It'll refuse to go into tablet mode. The task bar will refuse to go away in fullscreen mode for some apps until a reset. It'll forget my office app credentials. Onenote will crash a hundred times. It'll soft-eject the microSD card randomly, but usually in the middle of a file transfer. Keyboard won't be recognized. Pen tip will fall out and they'll charge you 12 bucks for a replacement pack with 3 inside, 2 of which you'll instantly use. I love the surface because it perfectly fits my needs, but damn do I also hate it. Don't leave us hanging like that - who in the AR world has the largest user base? I tried to get back into snapchat last week. "Surely they've made the Android app usable by now." Why is the android app so trash? Why is the UI so convoluted? I want to like and use snapchat because clearly everybody is "getting" something that I'm not, but I genuinely cannot figure out the UI or take more than a few pics without the thing crashing. Because I chose an offer within a month. So approximately half of those were sent within 2-3 weeks before I accepted an offer, and of that half I had to turn down a good deal of follow-ups. Also, bootcamp-grad. I chose a shotgun approach. It worked. EDIT: to clarify, I haven't heard back from 170. I applied to ~300. Never, really, because each company would only see my resume once, and they're getting my resume through expected channels. I don't have a Compsci degree to fall back on. I needed to be realistic about my chances getting in to a company. Each company received a crafted, custom cover letter. These were not spam applications. I thought Tesla doesn't sell through dealers? edit: I'm absolutely positive I'm missing the joke here With all due respect, that is the standpoint of a cynic or perhaps nihilist. Which is totally fine, people should have the right to not care about stuff without being judged for it. However, if everyone was a perfect nihilist, you wouldn't have cheap old cars to drive because nobody would have made cars. You wouldn't have a cell phone, and especially a data connection, if not for the space program. And so on. So while I don't think it's a problem if some people take your viewpoint, I think it's a problem when everyone does. Somebody has to care enough about the environment to stop rampant capitalism from destroying it so that we have a planet to live on 50 years from now (electric cars, improved public transit.) Someone has to care enough to get humans off the planet so that when it is inevitably destroyed (asteroid, nuclear war, virus, overpopulation) the human race can continue elsewhere. Can you go into more detail on your setup? I've got a surface pro I'm thinking about turning into a little mobile coding station but I've been using my little lubuntu netbook for so long I'm not sure where to even start. In his AMA Bill Gates said if he could buy anything he would buy immortality. I don't understand this belief, can you expand on it? The way I see it, you don't "lose" anything when you die, because a "loss" implies the lack of ability to use something you once were able to use, and the feeling that comes from that lacking. When someone dies they'll never again be able to use stuff, so there is no loss. He still needs money to fund, for example, his cryogenic payments. He wears that little metal bracelet everywhere he goes (I got to a lot of conferences), I can't imagine the service is cheap. Wasn't the first act of a Pharaoh traditionally to begin construction of their tomb? My primary number has been a google voice number with a weird area code for the last 4 years, and I have gotten maybe 4 robotcalls in that time. "What can be fairly read into the game? Civilization players have noted certain telling omissions in its historical arc. Slavery, the single-most important economic institution of recent millennia, is entirely absent in the series. " If I remember correctly, in Civ 5 you could pop slavery to rush early wonders. Am I remembering wrong? Or maybe that was Civ 4. Chrome here 1080p at 960px. Ubuntu. http://i.imgur.com/PxLlDkP.png EDIT: Also: base.js:7035 Blocked a frame with origin " https://www.youtube.com" from accessing a frame with origin " http://programming.witheve.com" . The frame requesting access has a protocol of "https", the frame being accessed has a protocol of "http". Protocols must match. EDIT2: Why does opening the chrome console fix the text cut off issue.... this is so weird. :o how did you know about my stuck finger! I need to learn to hack better to counter-hack people like you! ;) Fix confirmed! >inherently a danger Can you expand on how they are an inherent danger, rather than a possible danger? I only challenge you because Tesla has published several occasions where Autopilot has possibly saved lives by auto-braking. I was about to argue that I found cryptocurrency tremendously useful when I wanted to shift a largish volume of money from HK to the USA without messing around with banks and immigration, and then I realized that probably fell a bit under "illegal activities." Heh, you may be right. My bank prevented me from making a purchase at Ikea last weekend because it incorrectly identified the purchase as "fraud." Since it was Saturday I couldn't resolve that day and had to return on Monday to complete the purchase... which meant tremendous inconvenience as I still haven't had time to assemble all that stuff. Even if a bank has the right intention, poor implementation can be a huge headache. That was my first question - I live with a banker and he's at work 8-8 every day including Saturday. I'm a developer and can go to work "whenever" and come home "whenever." It's a pure meritocracy - work done? Go home. Some of my coworkers come in at 11 because they surf in the morning. The point is - is it the same story for a developer working for a bank, whose bosses' boss presumably is more old-school and wouldn't be keen on hippie engineers wandering in and out of the office whenever they please? 200k+? Does DE have state tax? What's the cost of living there? That's a fantastic salary for the Bay Area as well which already has inflated salaries to make up for the high cost of living and general high amount of talent. What technologies? Care to expand? As always Science Fiction swoops in - in the "Culture" series, AI have hardcoded (as in, on their physical hardware) automatic code to shut down external communication in the event external communication is attempting to takeover the AI. I mean your question is pretty much "what would that automatic code look like," and I have no idea. I'm just getting pretty excited about all this sweet stuff happening with AI, automatic cars, hijacking of the human nervous system. Hngg. Anybody that's accidentally dumped a capacitor into the car's electrical system when trying to install a subwoofer can attest to this. I was genuinely shocked anything worked in my car when I did it. Why did the car activate the airbags? What car is this? I've never heard of airbags deploying improperly before (except when we have a busted set that we use to launch a tire a million feet into the air). I can't find the article but I read that you're more likely to experience a head injury as a pedestrian in a major city than a cyclist, and yet I always wear my helmet on my bike and never when I'm walking around. I guess it's about finding that balance between protection and, what, fashion? I don't know. What link? I don't see a link in your comment. It's a Texas-based tiny credit union. I really should switch but I'm still settling in to my new job out here in SF. I agree - it should work like that. I should, yes. I need to find a good credit union out here in SF, I just came here from Texas. The American Civil war comes to mind, but that answer is so obvious I'm a bit worried the angle here was a denial of that. Also, the formation of many Caribbean nations were the result of bloody slave revolts. So that's what I mean - I thought there was no opportunity to haggle for a Tesla - they're a shop and the price is what it is. I thought? So I launch the app. Top left button makes sense, it turns the flash on and off. Top button.... unsure, it's a ghost? Some kind of menu? So I push it, am given a screen with a help button, a picture of a trophy, and a settings icon. Looks like this is the app's "system menu" but also the place where I can managed friends, that makes sense then. Pop back down to main screen, Bottom left looks like messages, so I push that and... it's a massive, unsortable list. I scroll down and see all sorts of different icons. Probably the non-filled icons means the content is "read" but there's a red square, a purple square, a blue square with a triangle (probably chat yea?), a grey arrow, a red arrow. Some filled in, some not, totally unsorted, and it looks like message send/receives are mixed in with "new friend added" messages. So that's a mess. So now I pop into the mysterious "pyramid of three little circles" menu. It's.. news? "Recent updates" is another list of... friend... stuff... probably Snapchat's answer to Instagram Stories or whatever. More mysterious icons in the top right (other than search, that's obvious). When I take a picture there's an x (obvious), a postit note, a T (obvious), a... pencil (pretty obvious if so), a timer, a download icon, and a square with a plus (no idea). Also a "send" icon. Throughout all this navigation, I'm lagging, hanging, etc. Use case: A coworker says "add me on snapchat, here I've got my QR code open on my phone." Starting from the main menu I enter the "settings", click "add friends." "Add by Snapcode" looks right, oh, no, I need to take a photo, it won't actively scan for QR. Things like that. My understanding of inherent might not be right, then. I think of it as "it is definitely a danger, and thus can only be described as dangerous," which I would argue is not mutually exclusive with possible but is mutually exclusive with "not always dangerous and maybe even anti-dangerous." So what I mean is, the autopilot could turn out to be safer than manual, in my mind, so how is it "inherently" dangerous. My understanding of inherent might not be right, then. I think of it as "it is definitely a danger, and thus can only be described as dangerous," which I would argue is not mutually exclusive with possible but is mutually exclusive with "not always dangerous and maybe even anti-dangerous." So what I mean is, the autopilot could turn out to be safer than manual, in my mind, so how is it "inherently" dangerous. Does twitter use the JSON api? AKA doesn't that url only have the username/status part for "discoverability" reasons, but realistically that tweet id at the end is the ACTUAL id for the tweet? Instead, you should be like us Houstonians and spend a billion billion dollars moving main street 15 feet to the right and plop a 5mph tram on top of it. A tram that has to stop at red lights. A tram that gets stuck in intersections for 15+ minutes blocking other tram and car traffic. A tram that in downtown shares a lane with car traffic, which never causes accidents. On the other hand, every shop in Vietnam has printed off a "rated #1 on Trip Advisor!" sign and stuck it to the front window. It can go both ways. I feel similarly whenever I ride my bike in Mountain View. Awesome that we have bike lanes and all the lights here have sensors. Not so awesome that nobody realized bikes need to trip the sensors also. This is way off topic, but as a linux user, did you ever dual boot linux distros on macbooks? Work gave me a macbook and after fruitlessly trying to learn a new OS (and hotkeys...) I just threw ubuntu as a dual boot on it... and it's a nightmare. Crashing, freezing, hanging, video glitches, stuck pageflips, etc. Would love to know your experience. I don't know but I accept you. Interesting, I am a recruiter turned software engineer and have the exact opposite feeling. When I was a recruiter it was a fantastic way to find niche candidates and just maintain a casual discussion with my best candidates in general, as well as publish relevant news to my connections. As I was undergoing the transformation to engineer, it was a fantastic platform for me to reach out to people in my new industry and city, people who had gone down my path before, mentors, and etc. Then when it was time for job search, LinkedIn and Angel.co had the highest quality postings. Also, on LinkedIn when looking at a job posting I could see if someone from my bootcamp or university worked there, as a link right under the job posting. Ah haha this is too funny, I just this morning caved from trying to have a functioning version of Ubuntu on the macbook work gave me, booted back into OSX, and spent a good 30 minutes scrolling through the VSCode keyboard shortcuts JSON, writing down the ones I was interested in relearning on post-its and lining them around my monitor. And not four hours later they release a pretty little printable PDF. Not very on topic but I hope some of you can at least get a hoot from my misery. The biggest thing for me has been the consistency. They already had an amazing IDE (Visual Studio), then they buckled down and made an amazing paired-down version (VSCode). It works well, does all the things I'd want and then some. Compare to Google releasing a chat client / message handler (google voice app), another one (hangouts), taking away functionality (removing shared sms/hangouts convos), then releasing two more chat apps (allo/duo). Or countless other occasions they've done this. I was just thinking today after yesterday's HN thread on the new Macbook and "everything wrong with it." People were complaining that nobody can really match the build quality of Apple, which is a shame because it'd be great to have a windows / linux device with high build quality (that isn't hacky). Imagine if Microsoft put their weight behind manufacturing a dope laptop like Google has been trying to do with the Pixel phone? That's weird, it does for me if if I don't crash. I remember specifically closing and reopening when I have my files just right so that they'd still be like that if it crashed lol. I think a strong pull for it is its node debugger. At least for me. I'm not building giant C++ libraries (or however you C/C++/C# folks do) so it's just the right weight for what I do. Last time I tried to install Visual Studio it was like 9gbs for the core. Hah, thank you. I also always confuse "here here" and "hear hear," amongst a million other things. Would you believe I spent 4 years getting a Bachelor's in Writing? :P This is what I don't like about the current zeitgeist. Things are either black or white. You are either Red or Blue. Conservative or Liberal. Democrat or Republican. Right or Left. There is no room in this political system for a pro-life atheist, or a pro-gun liberal, or an anti-war economic conservative. There's no room on the internet for a third party voter, or someone who both believes cops lives matter AND civilian lives matter, or any other middle ground. You're either a 4chan user or a Tumbler user, you're either a Hillarybot or a Trumpbot. Reasons for this I believe include upvote/downvote trains on the internet, clickbait headlines, and networks streamlining content to cater to certain audiences. People who watch Fox news don't want to hear about Trump rape allegations, they want to watch news casters talk about Evil Hillary. It's the reverse for CNN. Remember in the Bush era how blatantly Fox news was a Republican news-horn, and how the case is the same now for CNN and Clinton? Euck. Can't stand it. No room for moderates, your voice won't get heard if you aren't making someone stamp their feet. Ninjaedit: I mean honestly how is it possible that of the 300 million people spread across one of the largest (geographical) countries in the world and one of the most diverse populations on the world, exactly half want one person to represent them, and exactly half want one other person to represent them. It doesn't make sense. I voted for Jill Stein though she is (recently, apparently) anti-nuclear energy, and before that said some silly things about vaccinations and WiFi. There is no perfect candidate other than perhaps yourself. When it comes to third party, you can safely consider your vote a vote for the party values themselves, rather than the candidate in particular. A vote for Jill Stein is really a vote for the major political parties to work on more green legislation. I agree that generally the best position is a moderate one, but I think we achieve that by having two extremes scream at eachother until they're hoarse and fall exhausted into the middle of the aisle. I voted for Bernie, but how could he win independent if he couldn't win the Democratic primary? It's a balance, yea? On the one hand, apps that I use rarely that are totally functional via a mobile browser, such as Facebook or Google News, take up space on my phone and potentially Do Bad Things in the background. On the other hand, there's potentially more of my monthly data used when I visit the sites vs using the app. I remember hearing about / reading about (here? on reddit? at a meetup? who knows) that the Chrome browser on android is going to begin implementing features that allow "psuedo-apps" to be developed. A browser favorite exists on the homepage and has a fat cache to save bandwidth, but isn't an app in the sense it can run in the background. I don't know too much about that, but what I DO know about are cool firefox and chrome Javascript methods like window.getDeviceOrientation or sendVibration or getLightLevel and other experimental features obviously focused on mobile devices. >Well he probably had it coming I've witnessed people saying exactly that. You can't argue that anti-cop violence is any less real of a problem than anti-black violence. What about the shooting in Dallas? I don't understand how "meaningful work," when the Dalai Lama says it, means "40 hours into the system." My understanding of Buddhism is "meaningful work" or "meaning" can be slaving away 60 hours a week at your own company, sitting on concrete tinkering away at a motorcycle, or even living on a mountain shaving your head and relinquishing all possessions. The idea is to "find meaning," that is, only do things that for you are important and for you give you a sense of purpose. It's not going to help if you bring up downvotes, check the site rules. I know what you mean (turning someone into a pillar of salt, killing infidels, etc), but there's a stark difference between the "tenants" of a religion and the single books that drive them. Hence why there's a million different flavors of Christianity, Islam, Judaism, etc - they all take their given "book" and interpret it differently. If you generalize Jesus' teachings, they're hard to argue as immoral - be good to your fellow man, abandon your earthly possessions, wash the feet of another because he is your fellow, stuff like that. Anyway my point is, a tool is just a tool to be used as you will. Religious texts can be used to bring people together or start a war, obviously - just look at the current shitstorm surrounding "radical islamic terrorism." There are over a billion Muslims in the world, 99.99% of whom live peaceful lives - and a small percentage are convinced to turn their religion into an ugly justification for bloodshed. No religion is immune to this. Anyone got suggestions for what a web dev should read or what classes he should take to understand what this guy is saying? America also doesn't have a national language, and ballots are going out in Spanish, Vietnamese, Chinese, etc. I recommend a Japanese Peace Lily. On the other hand, what kind of electricity savings do you get from not owning a fridge? I'm not really joking - in Taiwan we ditched the fridge and gave up on cooking. Ended up saving ~50$ USD/mo because it turns out it's just cheaper to eat and drink out there than it is to cook in, combined with the fridge and stove electric savings. EDIT: I think it's worth noting that electricity was disproportionately expensive compared to other costs of living when I was there. Yes, but I really wish I saved my spreadsheet I had, because somehow in Taiwan they were able to show us the meter for each room, and I remember looking at the kitchen the month after we gave up cooking and thinking "no fucking way." The guy with the KW/h calcs is right, it doesn't make sense when you do the math like that, but it was like 10 bucks a month in savings. Extremely so. I can't find my spreadsheet but IIRC I could buy Chicken at something like ~1.50 - 2USD/lb, and about ~1/3lb broccoli for like .25USD. So that's 1.75 - 2 for a cooked meal, or I could get a meal at a restaurant for ~.80USD to 1USD. It adds up, especially because I wouldn't just cook chicken and broccoli for every meal, and beef is shockingly expensive in Taiwan. I suppose. It sounds like there'd be a lot of havoc over having people write "yes" or "no" vs "si" or "no," that's kind of what I was thinking would cause the problems. Hah, that was the reference, but I bought one after watching the movie for the umpteenth time, and it really is an easy plant to take care of. I know it sucks but it's good that you at least voted provisionally. If you get any kind of receipt, etc, it can help if there's class actions following the election. Given the state of this election... there very well might be.