Bringing the Google ad network to old media "will be a real challenge," says Greg Sterling, an independent analyst at Sterling Market Intelligence. "The ability to serve a relevant ad against someone's query is one of the great innovations of the Internet, and it's not transferable to other media, where people are more passive." Unless you acquire a lot of bandwidth and put yourself in the middle of the media stream... The president of Evans Data doesn't know that "data" is plural? It has become common - acceptable depends on your willingness to cede precision and expressiveness in the language. And it doesn't inspire confidence that I am more pedantic about this than the president of a company the name of which includes the word "data". I wouldn't have suspected video to be the optimal medium for displaying the contents of a notebook. And I think I would have been right. usenet? There were plenty of automobiles around in 1965. I think they even had helicopters way back then. Maybe competition between roads would reduce the time spent at tolls. Also, presumably, unmanned toll booths would be used. You may currently be spending more than $1400 to the government to pay for government roads. With competitive incentives in road placement and size, you might save more than enough time to offset the transaction costs. You seem to be asserting that consumers are not better off with the airlines deregulated. Although I hate air travel and everyone likes to complain about it, I don't think you can argue that, as government has been removed from airline regulation, air travel has become vastly more cheaper and available to more people and that it is possible to reach many more locations by plane. Similarly for another high fixed cost industry which you cite - telecommunications. Free markets might not solve everything, but they're almost always better than the alternatives. As examples of the alternatives, consider the postal service, government-run schools, Medicare and welfare. It's hard to know. Presumably the system would look different today if the government had not distorted it in that way. Perhaps if market incentives were allowed to operate instead of the land being taken, we would all be flying around in the jet cars we expected. That's great if everyone agrees to put nostrademons in charge. Instead what you get is: "When schoolchildren start paying union dues, that's when I'll start representing the interests of schoolchildren." -- The late Albert Shanker, former president of the American Federation of Teachers, 1985 http://www.unitednuclear.com/aerogel.htm But currently out of stock. They have plenty of other stuff you're going to want, too. "The heating has improved significantly. I turned the thermostat down five degrees. It's been a remarkable transformation," he said. Wow. Really good insulation can make 65 feel like 70. I didn't ask that question. But the point is your solution requires putting/keeping the government in charge of education, just like we have now. Once the power is given, all kinds of interests become involved and people like Albert Shanker participate in how kids are educated. I'd prefer to let parents decide how best to educate their children. The entire system shouldn't be designed to accommodate the outlying parents you fear who don't care about their kids. You sound so sure. You don't think if the enormous amounts of subsidies the government had spent on airports had instead been allowed to flow to alternative transportation modes or energy research, things might be different? He seems a little confused about whether the benefit of capitalism is that the fittest survive so that the failure of the unfit benefits the entire system or whether employing people to pursue ideas which fail is good in itself since it stimulates the economy. The latter would be an example of Bastiat's "broken window fallacy" ( http://www.econlib.org/library/Bastiat/basEss1.html ). http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=45984 By clicking "details", you can see the voting for posts for which the total is not yet displayed on the main page. How does Pantone make money? 0.69 vs 0.7? If that precision reflects accuracy, how did they get it? Why? The oscilloscope has an x and y input to control the spot and it's controlled by the sound card output. I'm curious to know what about the explanation you don't find believable. Wow. The Gap thinks that its new offerings in other sectors will appeal to an old customer? Is he also astonished that The Gap has spruced up its product offering for the fall? She's only 13 in human years, though. How come Rhapsody isn't the solution to all their problems? The price is low enough that it isn't worth it for most people to go to the trouble of stealing the music. Portability is an issue, but maybe that's solvable or has been addressed already. But, with Rhapsody, you don't have an equity interest in the music to begin with. The whole investment is the intellectual one in your playlist, which you can keep. At worst, if you discontinue Rhapsody, you could go and buy the music to replicate your playlist if you feel the need to own it. I would be more concerned about the potential obsolescence of my investment in music in a physical medium or a particular file format. Another video: http://www.reuters.com/news/video?videoId=61204&videoCha... No screens? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=48104 >Save your money on the fancy-shmancy hybrid, and buy a diesel car, and fill 'er up with biodiesel. It's carbon neutral, totally renewable, and requires no special modification to your car. If only it wasn't destroying the rainforests: http://www.newscientist.com/article.ns?id=mg18825265.400 The real story ( http://nostalgia.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Proteus_Steinmet... ): In the early years of this century, Steinmetz was brought to General Electric's facilities in Schenectady, New York. GE had encountered a performance problem with one of their huge electrical generators and had been absolutely unable to correct it. Steinmetz, a genius in his understanding of electromagnetic phenomena, was brought in as a consultant -- not a very common occurrence in those days, as it would be now. Steinmetz also found the problem difficult to diagnose, but for some days he closeted himself with the generator, its engineering drawings, paper and pencil. At the end of this period, he emerged, confident that he knew how to correct the problem. After he departed, GE's engineers found a large "X" marked with chalk on the side of the generator casing. There also was a note instructing them to cut the casing open at that location and remove so many turns of wire from the stator. The generator would then function properly. And indeed it did. Steinmetz was asked what his fee would be. Having no idea in the world what was appropriate, he replied with the absolutely unheard of answer that his fee was $1000. Stunned, the GE bureaucracy then required him to submit a formally itemized invoice. They soon received it. It included two items: 1. Marking chalk "X" on side of generator: $1. 2. Knowing where to mark chalk "X": $999. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=59195 Short version: For a technical job, interviews with the technical people are what matter most/exclusively. If you want trivial advice about how to find out about the company from the unimportant interviews, read the whole article. To what prices are you referring? Computers, VCRs, air travel, refrigerators, TVs, dishwashers, books? People today can buy more of almost everything than they could 20 years ago. Why (or why not) US health care is so expensive: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=63646 What we need is the iCleanSweep to eliminate home invaders and clean the floors. Scale in what sense? The stated motivation for the invention was to provide small amounts of power. What real deal? It doesn't seem far-fetched that it can generate enough power to run a few LEDs. Probably a pinwheel can do that too. 3D printer demo video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps0WEZbDjHE According to the article, the problem it is solving is generating small amounts of power inexpensively and reliably. It would power those LED lights which are used to allow people in developing countries to read at night. You seem to think that this is a small-scale proof of concept even though there is no reason to think that this is anything but the full sized device. He doesn't claim nor does it seem credible that there is a particular advantage to this technology on larger scales. Bearing friction, which he cites as a problem at the small scale, is not such a big issue for larger generators. LED? I've been charging my electric car from my phone line for years. Look for a reverse stock split to give Microsoft a $5000 share price. Now it's worth more than Google. Boom - a whole new company - problem solved. Does this guy read his own stuff before publishing it? Intangible capital of being in the U.S. = $418,000. http://www.reason.com/news/show/122854.html Wow. His writing style is exceedingly annoying. And, either as a result of that or not, I feel as though this is the fifth installment of something he wrote of which I haven't read the preceding parts. 2004 - when computers still had parallel ports. Oh. Symbian - not Sybian ( http://www.sybian.com/ ). Why is an inquiry like this voted up? I recently bought an iMac as an nth house machine. The software experience is very pleasant; the mouse and keyboard are terrible, but very pretty. I was thinking it might be nice to switch to a Mac as my main computer. I already have a nice dual monitor setup and a nice keyboard, so I would want a standalone Mac box. I checked out the price of the only Mac which makes sense to use with external monitors - $2500 for the Mac Pro!! I was surprised - especially since the iMac seemed somewhat reasonably priced. I'm surprised that no one mentions newspapers and magazines. These seem like the obvious win for the Kindle. No more dirty, bulky newspapers to carry around or dispose of. There is no DRM issue since the content has a one day shelf life. And the payback from a potentially lower subscription cost could justify the cost of the Kindle. As with books, it is obviously nice for commuters. > weed is legal What makes you think so? "Meetings are not always about the efficient exchange of information..." http://www.marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2004/01... What makes him think that sports teams aren't doing this kind of analysis but consider it a competitive advantage to not publicize it? Based on what he writes in the article, it doesn't look like he has done any investigation of his own. Viz. "To my knowledge, no sports team in the history of humankind has ever run a random control trial to figure out which strategies work the best. (I make this extravagant claim in hopes of provoking you all into providing some counterexamples.)" Interesting. I thought women drivers paid lower rates because they have fewer accidents. Not so? You might like to read this article which discusses the specialist/generalist issue: http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2007/04/30/070430fa_fact_... CAPTCHA (which was edited after submission) had been capitalized in the title because it is an acronym. Isn't it? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captcha That's great. If you add hour-by-hour and zip code cookie, it would be perfect. Thanks. If a community garden supplies free water, are they liable when someone uses the water to drown someone else? And a trackstick I'm thinking no. "It is true that, for every dollar we spend on the space program, the U.S. economy receives about $8 of economic benefit." Hmm?!?! The current iMac keyboard is a big POS and should be among these. But maybe the reviewers didn't want to include because it looks so pretty. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=98193 It will also seem very, very expensive. Agreed. But I wish they would stop mentioning how thick it is at the edge. I see now that it is $3100 for the laptop including the 64GB flash memory - not an additional $3100 as the original article said. So it's not as expensive as I thought. He was talking about the downside loss strategically - not in the pedantic sense you are using. It would be interesting to use this with a supervisor program which receives a rating from the user about whether an image is appealing and then attempts to make images with similar characteristics. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_ But I don't recall seeing Dennett in any episodes. Or Costco. > So you're saying that 50% of your potential customers are too careless to enter their own credit card details correctly? Have you watched/listened to the (real world) news lately? Tyler Cowen (Marginal Revolution) on why it won't work: "The very smart Dean Karlan and Ian Ayres are behind the idea. I've long predicted this won't work; one group of potential customers doesn't really want to change, the other group is unwilling to give up control. It's not exaggerating to say that human nature is on the line here, and that if I am wrong this is probably the most important idea you will ever encounter." From (which has additional interesting comments): http://www.marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2007/12... Why would someone get involved with this site instead of doing a Google search for "credit card best ..."? No one needs a "community" for a credit card selection decision. Failing that, Consumer Reports has the information at the library. Is owning a PS3 a prerequisite for that class? I don't think the article is any more anti-environmental than it is anti-deaf people. Isn't it a benefit to the environment to point out policies which damage it when intended to help it so that they can be replaced with policies which help it? Indeed. I have been on the losing side of alternate-title later submissions more than a few times. However, I think I did search for "unintended" before posting this, and that wouldn't have found your post... I was startled but not surprised to find the inevitable links to two additional pages after my initial interest had abated. How long until one of these companies makes its database available anonymously and offers a Netflix-style prize for a better matching algorithm? Silly. Why would anyone think that people's behavior while doing research on the web would be any different from their interaction with a library card catalog? Should we have concluded that people didn't have time to read because we observed them thumb through index cards, write things down and then scuttle over to a different drawer? It's by Neal Stephenson which, I suppose, might augur well (Snow Crash) or ill (Quicksilver). I think that fly was carrying a Macbook Air. You're missing a third outcome where Yahoo shareholders effectively haggle over the price and Microsoft offers $40. Greenspun has some data: http://philip.greenspun.com/flying/safety http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primary_color Meh. Now this is a hot business card: http://www.singulier.com/boutique_us/fiche_produit.cfm?type=... Seems like requiring sellers to leave feedback first would take care of 90% of the tit-for-tat problem. How would that give you the range to an arbitrary object - like a white wall? Also sonar is a lot better choice for this application. Before he branched off to the static type discussion, I thought he was going to propose a code editor which facilitated meta-data comments. That way the programmer could provide comments as verbose as he liked and the reader could decide whether to view them. They could include links, additional documentation, etc. The code and comments could be viewed in a split-screen, separate windows, etc. Maybe this exists? The source code could remain plain text. For those who want to view the meta-comments, their meta-comment-enabled IDE would open the plain text with its accompanying meta-comment file. They can remain in the source file. The additional meta-commentary would augment, not replace them. Is that password verification which obliges the user to retype or cut and paste really desirable? If the meta-comment system was useful enough, it might not be neglected. The meta-metadata is what could add a lot of value. You could tag your comments and make them selectively visible when they are relevant to the task at hand. http://www.lispworks.com/ I'm guessing Microsoft has invented a two-wheeled gyro-stabilized personal vehicle which will revolutionize transportation. There is no plural of Lego since it is an adjective (derived from the phrase "leg godt"). If you're taking the liberty of calling a Lego brand building block a "Lego", then it hardly seems reasonable to object to others calling more than one "Legos". It's available, incorrect, and was refuted in 1850 (search for broken window parable). What is the rationale for showing the top n instead of everyone? David Friedman on the popcorn question: http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Price_Theory/PThy_Cha... http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Price_Theory/PThy_Cha... Also, how to double the volume of your popcorn kernels: http://www.bioedonline.org/news/news.cfm?art=1278 It does seem like it should, but I don't care for the white on black either. Maybe it is similar to why it is easier to drive during the daytime vs. nighttime. Apparently not "Row, row, row your boat" though. If you can sell 2% of the company for $1,000, doesn't that imply a $50,000 pre-money valuation? I'm referring to the last bit of his post. I assumed I didn't understand something about the arithmetic. I think he's using the computer to host his web site. Thanks for the pointer to lispdoc.com. Any idea why it doesn't find Seibel's unit testing chapter when I search for unit test (or +unit +test) (or (and unit test)) (or unit and test) (or "unit test")? If Apple could provide a reasonably priced system for the customer who wants a Mac for his desktop but already has a monitor, I think they might have something. Presumably they are not homogeneous. Users would wonder whether they could/should vote for more than one poll choice because their philosophical mutual exclusivity is not reflected in the voting interface. ??? Why would that be bad? Then I think you meant that the signal/noise ratio would become lower. I think you mean lower. I liked "Super Parents Super Children" ( http://www.amazon.com/Super-Parents-Children-Frances-Kendall... ) From their book description: Provides the libertarian answer to solving all your child-raising problems, based on self-discipline and freedom of choice. Spoken like someone who has never reasoned with a two year old. Here are some quotes from the book which may provide more insight: "Children are rational and logical, and want to be happy, just as we do." "The only important difference between adults and children is experience." "The three main qualities you need to foster in your child's personality are independence, self-esteem and individuality." "In order to prevent your children from harming your belongings, you need to establish exactly what property belongs to whom in your home.... A working example would be to decide that your child's room, toys and clothes are his property." Would have been better without the punchline as the post title. Why stop with a four day week? Maybe people would be more rested, refreshed and productive with a three day work week. You don't know how much is enough until you know how much is too much. On which metric did you base your answer? 1) gut feeling 2) SAT score 3) GRE score 4) other standardized test 5) none of the above Working Model? http://workingmodel.design-simulation.com/WM2D/index.php That's swell. And although it's not the subject of the article, it seems to me that the distinction between "good enough" and "good" is lost on the always-on, no-land-line cell phone crowd. Most of the time, it's still miserable to talk to someone when they are on a cell phone. Since no drug is safe enough for some groups, what really matters is by whom it is allowed. Major league baseball, colleges, and other groups with which people can voluntarily associate seem like reasonable arbiters for their membership's drug use. Governments do not. How is this a corollary? As a result of increased productivity in society, everyone becomes better off. And yes, people today live more leisurely, relaxed lives materially because of increased productivity. Since money is fungible, the distinction you suggest is not meaningful. The money that a person saves by buying less expensive goods from a "first-order" business might very well be spent on training or other self-improvement. If a "first-order" business is better at its business than it would be at a "second-order" business, then, due to comparative advantage, everyone will be better off with the "first-order" business saving people money that they can spend on "second-order" businesses, your admiration for the latter notwithstanding. Stack three polarizers. Orient #1 and #2 parallel, orient #3 perpendicular. See no light come through. Rotate #2 to 45 degrees. See light come through. Remove #2 completely. See no light come through. But karma tells you whether what you wrote is valuable here. The invite link in the article worked for me. From the FAQ ( http://getdropbox.com/faq ): 15. How public are Public links? How Private are my other files? * Any file in your Public folder is accessible to anyone who can guess your public file link and the path to the file. No one can browse the directory, though. * Any file in your Dropbox outside of the Public folder is by default only accessible via computers linked to your account or to you via the web interface. * If you give out a shareable link to a portion of your Photo Gallery (from here), people who know the link will be able to browse any photos in the album you linked from and any sub-album. > ...not bother with Adobe Reader That's what Foxit is for. That seems awfully unlikely. I thought the description of the true Caramilk secret was much more interesting: http://www3.ns.sympatico.ca/mt-edward/cadbury.htm "Decentralization" would better convey the positive connotation he wants to emphasize than "fragmentation". I wonder where the tipping point comes in? Can't we gauge this by the number of viruses targeted at the Mac? But will probably cost a few thousand dollars less. http://workingmodel.design-simulation.com/WM2D/index.php How about Dilbert's Ultimate House? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=141389 In that case, I didn't suggest that virus penetration be the metric, but attempts at penetration. Although it is likely that there is a correlation between attempts and the perceived vulnerability of the system, you would also expect a correlation between attempts and expected total success (which goes up with market share). Or maybe window glass is thicker in the UK or one of another of the zillion other possible explanations for this statistic. Relevant patent: http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO2&Sec... Longer story: http://www.esquire.com/features/esquire-100/pigfinger1007 I wonder if they are able to test for this at sporting events like shooting. Is the benefit attributable to Redfin or to the selection bias of Redfin users? Why would a buyer's agent be a good faith representative in negotiations if it was in their personal interest that the sale price be higher? This belief follows from the mistaken notion that if there are two brokers involved in the transaction where one has listed the property and the other is assisting a buyer in finding a property, then one of them has a fiduciary responsibility to the buyer. This is almost never the case in conventional real estate transactions - all the brokers involved work for the seller. The listing broker receives a fee for having listed the property. If a non-listing broker is involved he/she receives a fee for locating the buyer. As you point out, the nature of this relationship should be clear when you notice that all the brokers' financial interests are aligned with the seller's. It is possible for a buyer to hire an agent to act on his behalf and there would be no reason for this agent to be paid a percentage of the sales price. Very few people do this - either because they don't think it is worth it or don't understand that the broker who showed them the house isn't working for them. Very nice. Suggestion: clicking an area in the Test Pattern should change the selection to that in the Color Palette. Or at least identify the Test Pattern swatches as corresponding to one of the numbers 1-5 in the Color Palette. So when the maintenance people clean the lavatories, do they bring their equipment in and lock the door so they can see or do they cart around their own lights so they can leave the door open and have enough room to work? Or is there an override switch somewhere? Things might not be as bad as assumed on the debt either: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=144294 Why is it of interest that someone now writes this on his blog? From the start of the Netflix prize, there were countless assertions and refutations that movie information would be helpful for better predictions. You can read all about it in the Netflix prize forum. http://www.netflixprize.com/community/ _________ industry revenues will be a set size, regardless of the quality or type of _______ they release. Incentives to innovate will evaporate. Yes. Fill in the blank - public education, health care, etc. If the blood-letting is still working for you, then, by all means, stick with it. As there is between a serious concern and a straw man. I couldn't find it online - maybe it is out of print, but are you also aware of the Laboratory Manual for the Art of Electronics? More: http://www.hitl.washington.edu/projects/vrpain/ http://www.news-medical.net/?id=36442 Snow Crash That sounds reasonable, but how many LEDs are they using? RGB and blue LEDs have been under $1 for quite a while. Is your dad John Gibbon? I'm waiting for laser projectors: http://www.colorvision-lasers.com/displays.aspx# Yes - I may be waiting a while. Aggregate those loans and sell them in bigger packages! It worked for the mortgages. How I Want to Be Remembered by Jack Handey http://www.newyorker.com/humor/2008/03/31/080331sh_shouts_ha... What's the name of the student team and what was their result? I agree. These also look nice - http://www.jitterbug.com/Phones.aspx . Although they are not so cheap initially, since they offer lower-priced monthly plans than I have seen elsewhere, the cost of the phone is paid back relatively quickly if you only need an hour or so per month. Also, I think they have a kind of Kramer appeal. http://www.slowforeveryoneorjustme.com/ Has there been a year's worth of progress since the article was written? "your a dumbass" ?!?! I realize this is only incidental to his article but the Lisp Regex Coach donation-ware is nice: http://www.weitz.de/regex-coach/ So why are round shields better? ...Apple's will be nicer in design, fit, and finish... I'm a little mystified when I read this stuff. On my new iMac, both the keyboard and mouse are very unimpressive. Although I'll admit that the keyboard looks nice and the little mouse scroll ball is clever, neither the keyboard nor the mouse is comfortable to use. The pretty aluminum monitor/box stand only allows up/down pivoting - where's my height and side-to-side swivel adjustment? Based on my experience with the hardware (i.e., mouse and keyboard need to be immediately replaced due to bad design and monitor would be if it were practical), I conclude that the premium is almost entirely based on the software. And I also was very disappointed that it is basically impossible to use iPhoto to conveniently access photos on a NAS drive. Thanks. Based on some shield images ( http://images.google.com/images?sourceid=mozclient&ie=UT... ) it looks like there are non-circular shapes which provide at least some of those benefits as well as possibly improved coverage of an elongated object, like a soldier. Or you might conclude that he is confident enough that he is right about this that he started a company in order to benefit from it. I have no idea how Digi-Key is interacting with Octopart, but I have been buying parts from them for a long time and have nothing but good things to say about them. I like the company so much that I called to see if they were public so that I could buy stock; they're not. Although Octopart and its investors may be frustrated, it does Digi-Key a disservice to characterize it as "evil", not "good" or a company that isn't concerned with its customers - it is extremely concerned with customer satisfaction and I have been very pleased with every interaction I have had with it. Sure it would be great if Digi-Key facilitated Octopart's objective, but that doesn't justify conflating it with the all-star "evil" hall-of-famers. It didn't seem like all that much more evidence was required to refute your one piece of evidence that Digi-Key is evil because they don't want Octopart to list their prices. Even if I had no evidence, my default assumption would be that they were good until confronted with significant evidence that they were evil. And between good and evil there's a nice-sized neutral middle area which it appears you have transited in one fell swoop based on your sole piece of evidence. I'm not sure what other evidence of goodness you seek than customers' experiences with them. I have found their prices competitive - as another poster said - lower on some items and higher on others. They have treated me fairly. I don't believe that they are engaged in any immoral enterprises. I agree it would be nice if they cooperated with Octopart but to say that makes them evil is absurdly hyperbolic. I can immediately think of some (non-evil) reasons for Digi-Key to prefer not to have Octopart include its pricing. It has invested in a web site which provides an excellent user experience and they would prefer not to make it easier for customers to use Digi-Key's web site as a reference manual for lower cost competitors (whether or not you believe this is inevitable). They would like to avoid doing business with customers who are concerned solely about price. They would like customers to purchase their higher-margin items based on past experience purchasing lower-margin items even though the higher-margin items might be cheaper elsewhere. Would you consider Octopart evil if they deny my request for their code/data so I that I can duplicate their site in order to provide an improved customer/vendor experience? Part search today is like travel search in 1995. I used to go straight to American Airlines to buy tickets and that was fine but how much nicer is it to buy tickets online now? I even travel more because it is easier to find things. It is definitely nicer to buy tickets, but the race to the bottom in pricing has made the flying experience itself (not just the airport) a misery. There are predominately two options - be miserable with everyone for whom price trumps all (see also Walmart) or spend much, much more for a decent experience. There is no choice of spending 20% more to have a 20% better experience. So while I value the ease of search and the low prices it precipitates, I am concerned that price competition will force a decline (or a polarization) in customer service. And maybe it is unavoidable. No, but a priori I would assume Philip Morris is a good company. Knowing what their product is, I revise that opinion. It looks like there is a larger back story to this than was originally obvious to me from your essay and that has loomed very large in your estimation of Digikey's character. Framing it as a David and Goliath morality play is good marketing but I think a more nuanced view is reasonable - they're somewhat less good than I originally believed. I'd suggest having something which explains that the idea is you think of the answer and then tell the computer whether you were right. It took me a while to randomly click "Show answer". I figured that was just for when I gave up. And how's Altria (aka Philip Morris) doing? I wish I could remember where I read about it, but a common technique is to wash the ink off real bills to obtain the genuine blank paper. Well, yeah. That's why it says that in the article. US bills are still the same size. Amusing Thinkpad X300 vs. Macbook Air ad video: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-136851774381520099&... Price Theory: An Intermediate Text by David Friedman. Online version: http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Price_Theory/PThy_ToC... So you're not using aif or awhen I bet. To refute a work of fiction? Very bad things happen when you make regulations. The cost of all goods is higher because they all must comply. That means that there are people who can't afford the cost of the regulated goods who could eat more if the goods were available which met a lower regulatory threshold which was still acceptable to them. Why do you assume that the current regulatory tradeoff between safety and cost is the right one for everyone? kosher? Eating is kind of funny. A big reason to eat something is because you like the taste of it. So you would think you would want to eat slowly and keep it in your mouth for as long as possible since that's where you taste it. Instead, the instinct (presumably evolution based) is to eat a lot of it quickly. So besides the nice taste, we are also wired to derive satisfaction from swallowing the food. If this link between tasting and swallowing as the atomic satisfaction producer could be broken, it seems like it could be helpful for people who eat too much. Did you ever buy vegetables from a roadside stand or a neighbor's tomatoes? Did you rely on the existence of a government agency to ensure that they were safe to eat? I can buy $5/lb tomatoes at Whole Foods or $2/lb tomatoes at Stop & Shop. Apparently Whole Foods perceives a market for food which isn't the lowest price possible. People will differentiate based on quality just as they do for safety. They don't need to be completely rational - they need to be minimally rational. The point of the original article is that regulations lead to more problems - they are not just a response to, but also encourage the centralization of factory food production just like you read about in Fast Food Nation. Not completely rational - minimally rational. And you're assuming the rational, non-corrupt government bureaucrat. Perhaps. But the problem is that once reasonable regulations exist, they inevitably become unreasonable. No bureaucrat or agency wants to be the one who said no to the incremental regulation which would save just one more child despite the many who might benefit from doing nothing. Yes - The king, the mice and the cheese. This American Life shows/podcasts. If you revealed why you aren't going to get an air conditioner maybe it would lead to more relevant suggestions. Money? Environmental concerns? Too difficult to install? Something else? How about the earmuff style? http://www.amazon.com/Peltor-Professional-Canceling-Earmuff-... How speculation may be contributing to oil prices (thoughtful): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=202498 If at all possible, it's also a good idea to let the other person in the negotiation be the first to propose a number/terms. Can't you just write a macro for those? 9. Traveling is overrated. No one should call back. What you were jabbering about wasn't that important anyway. This isn't a good example of Arrington being off-target. His point that you can get a much better product for less money is well-supported in his article. How hard is it to use a point and shoot camera exclusively for video, if that's what someone wants to do? A crayon and paper are simple too. It is hard to be enthusiastic about something which encourages the proliferation of god-awful, low-resolution, blurry cell phone snapshots. From TFA: I guess I was subconsciously coining a new term--which I so rarely do--this time, combining crowd and cloud into something new. I think I like it, even if it is a bit artificial http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=210383 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=208114 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=211712 Seems to me no matter how much food production is raised, population growth will eventually catch up. How do you reconcile this assertion with the negligible population growth in many of the developed countries? It works the other way, though. People in less developed countries have kids because they need them to produce food. When they know that they won't starve without having many offspring, they have fewer. Another way to look at it is that having a child in a less developed country is closer to a net gain in terms of payback to the parent over the life of the child. In developed countries, children are a big investment on which no one expects to come close to breaking even.