Fortunately the authors have addressed this in the paper: "Legality: In general, it is illegal to broadcast random signals on spectrum reserved for TV (or cellular) channels. However, battery-free backscattering devices (e.g. RFID tags) are unregulated and not tested by FCC because the emission levels from such devices is very low [7] and because they are only modulating their reflection of a pre-existing signal rather than actively emitting a signal in re-served spectrum. Ambient backscatter also falls into this category, and would therefore be legal under current policies." And the tolerance levels are not set at _zero_, but at a specific decibel level on a specific measuring setup. (I've been researching this professionally lately, especially ETSI EN 389-401). Pretty much all high-speed digital electronics in plastic cases will be radiating on the TV band, but at an extremely low level that passes the regulations. This system modulates by switching its antenna between grounded and ungrounded. At no point does it inject transmission power into the antenna. Your house is already full of small metal objects that are slightly resonant in the TV band - such as cutlery. You could probably replicate this experiment by attaching a switchable ground to a fork and holding it _right next_ to a TV antenna. Thanks to the inverse square law the effect is so weak that it really does have to be right next to the antenna; in the paper they report no detectable effects at a distance of more than a few inches. It's also worth observing that "culture" tends to mean "people similar to myself", unless more explicitly defined. So it's no suprise that the people who declared not to "fit" are a woman and a skilled manual worker (machinist). The totally uniform power distribution idea only works if you have totally uniform employees. As soon as you have signifigantly different skillsets and workflows - which you need to do different kinds of work - then employees become uncomparable and shortly afterwards unequal. The size of Valve is also over Dunbar's number, so they're beyond the range of what can be organised with informal social operations anyway. I don't know, how many women work for Valve? It's not public or easily googlable information. Remember, the purpose of this proposed legislation is not to be implemented, or to achieve specific results; it's to curry favour with Conservative voters, and especially those who read the Daily Mail. It will be pushed through only to avoid the loss of face that would come from "giving in to porn". (One of the major problems with the Blair years was this kind of closed loop between policy making and newspaper headlines; actual policy impact spewed out in all directions like scattered neutrons leaking from the policy reactor) I don't believe FCC approval alone is the big bottleneck. You need to test its radio emissions in defined conditions, and that requires some expensive test gear (base station simulator ~= $100k), but realistically you need one of those anyway to debug the device you're developing. A more serious problem is trying to get all the relevant firmware and radio software stack without tripping over IP that is (a) patented and (b) will only be licensed to you under NDA. Qualcomm are particularly bad at this. So you need to choose a suitable SoC with favourable IP licensing. Writing your own "baseband" is a substantial piece of work; some people have embarked on it at http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/ Canonical's approach is sound here and their costs are realistic. Getting it done for free by people working in their spare time is very unlikely to happen. The Arduino _board_ is not designed for running of batteries and is inefficient. The AVR _microprocessor_ is very efficient; that article links to http://www.gammon.com.au/forum/?id=11497 which documents a draw of 360uA in sleep mode. Even the 15ma of "fully on" is equivalent to a single LED. The main power consumer in the GSM case is of course the GSM transmitter, so it's no suprise that he can improve power consumption by turning it off. Generally on more powerful machines you take for granted the operating system, firmware and their many conveniences, but often there will be bugs or poor design decisions that increase power consumption by quite a lot. Solidarity first: find a whole load of people to go with, otherwise your "take the risk to be attacked by security forces" is just "suicide by cop". You cannot do this as a large number of independant individuals. You need an organisation, or several; and yes, that means politics and compromise and all the other things about working with people. In sensible jurisdictions you can't sign away your rights like that, although you may pre-agree to binding arbitration or a particular jurisdiction. However, I've not heard of someone successfully suing paypal, even in the small claims court :( Large areas of EU policy show that this isn't the case. There's a valid "regulation is hard on small businesses" argument, but it doesn't apply to telcos, which are necessarily giant businesses. This sort of market is very prone to "gotcha" fees resulting in unexpected huge bills, and the EU has so far done an OK job of controlling them. Why can't it be both? This is _not_ end-to-end crypto, that would require users storing the keys to their own emails on their own systems. This is basically TLS on a giant scale but does not prevent email from being intercepted while "at rest" on a gmail server. Meanwhile, Toyota claim that hybrid cars are at a "tipping point" in EU sales: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4984ab8e-196d-11e3-afc2-00144feab7... “We are increasing our sales in hybrid a lot,” said Toyota Europe President Didier Leroy. “In western Europe 27 to 30 per cent of our sales will be hybrids this year. In the EU it will be 25 per cent.” Obviously that's less than half of new car sales, and the total fleet will remain mostly petrol+diesel for the next decade, but hybrids and EVs will start to win on economy grounds for commuters fairly soon. Don't forget that in the UK we're paying £1.40 / litre, which is about $10/USgal ( https://www.google.co.uk/#q=1.4+%C2%A3%2Fliter+in+%24%2Fgall... ) While this is obviously very far from feasible, what _is_ possible is a return to servicability for the two parts that most commonly fail: batteries and screens. The rest of the phone is usually fine unless subjected to serious physical battering. The legendarily reliable Nokia 3210 is your landmark here. Note that in a modern phone, the screen strength usually is achieved by bonding it to the case, so in practice "replace screen" turns into "take mainboard out of case and place in new case". Modularity doesn't really help at all with the constant drive to replace working phones with newer, better ones. But there should be an effective secondhand market selling them to the Third world - and there is! No shortage of websites offering people money for their old phones. Long term, we have to wait for the Moore's law slowdown, and a rise in Chinese manufacturing wages and other costs, before a local western repair industry becomes viable again. (Apart from all the other issues, phonebloks would turn "Android fragmentation" into a far more extreme version; you can't guarantee that your peripheral will even be there next time you turn the phone on). Or buy the integrated phone that includes all of those features and doesn't make you swap them out and risk losing or damaging the blocks. Modularity often ends up being a _cost_ to the unsophisticated majority of end users. People don't like it in their software (preferring a "complete solution"), nor in their hardware (e.g. cheap integrated hifi versus expensive minority separates). In Europe, the manufacturer is _legally required_ to either accept old devices for recycling or contribute to a shared fund for doing this. (The program is called "WEEE": http://www.environment-agency.gov.uk/business/topics/waste/1... ) Relatedly, the Fairphone is shipping now: http://www.fairphone.com/ "Fair" in the sense of "ethically sourced tantalum, etc"; but they've also thought about e-waste and deliberately included a replaceable battery. Well, we could remove their existing optout from the Working Time Directive. As to the "but they'll just leave for the Third World!" claim below: 1) it's a networking-based industry. Everyone would have to move at once, or at least a very large chunk. 2) They would have to move to somewhere in the same time zone (finance has outposts in NY, London and Singapore/HK that cover the day in 3 8-hour trading days). I suppose that's less relevant if you're working 20 hours a day. 3) They'd have to move to somewhere similarly cosmopolitan to London. No point in making all that money if you can't walk out the door and find somewhere to spend it in your few precious hours off. That rules out much of the African continent, although there are expat clusters in Angola and UAE. Do bear in mind that there are effectively two alternatives: - uncontrolled internet access, where other people's kids have access to a lot of awful stuff (not just porn but "shock" videos; goatse and worse) - State- or business- controlled internet access, where someone else gets to control what you see, potentially eliminating access to inconvenient stories like Snowden. We could really do with a "third way", but it needs someone to imagine what it could be, how it could work, and how it avoids the usual attempts to ruin it for everyone. I hadn't realised it was quite that crazy. I'm still wrestling with CE approval for a device containing a GSM module. Which looks like it's going to be about E15000 for the radio and electrical testing, plus the complexities of RoHS compliance (random lab testing required, even if all your components are certified lead-free?) I've concluded that Tindie-style electronics cottage industry is basically illegal in the EU. Fortunately I can still buy stuff from dealextreme and alibaba that doesn't have to comply.. The real perk is having _access_ to something that's not on the market for any price - the privilege of a convenient government airfield. Even more exclusive than a regular private jet. The cost of UK fuel is mostly tax. Jet fuel is tax-free by international treaty, I believe (treaty of Rome?) This is not a tyrannical environment. A tyrannical environment is one that makes you clock off to go to the bathroom. There has been some _actual_ fraud involved, most notably the "robo-signing" (steal a million homes at the stroke of a pen): http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/25/robosigning-senten... It would not have prevented the crisis, but it would have prevented a substantial amount of cost-shifting onto mortgagors. Not having IMAP was presumably part of a lockin strategy. I think they may now have realised that it's possible to lock yourself on the wrong side of a door. The web is _very_ churny; waves of people move from service to service over 5-10 year adoption cycles. Eventually people will declare twitter "uncool" (perhaps as a result of abuse problems?) and move onto the next thing. Note that all cows (and some other farm animals) in the EU are already subject to legally-mandated "inventory tracking", of movements between farms. This is for epidemic control purposes following the last outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease. I knew someone who did a PhD on analysis of the cattle movements database.. Ah, you're right; misreading of http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/taxation/excise_duties/... - it's only tax-free within the EU. It's nothing at all to do with the marginal cost and all to do with extracting marginal _value_ from your tiny customer base with a high cost of sales. I worked in an EDA startup for a decade before we were bought by Cadence. Getting people to evaluate our tool generally took a few months of a technical presales person's time. We only ever acquired a few dozen customers: there aren't all that many ASIC companies. Most required at least one custom feature. Therefore there's an elaborate commercial negotiation to take as much money as possible from the customer in order to amortize the R&D. Given manufacturing fixed costs of $250k, spending $250k on software to get it right starts to look reasonable. I agree; market entry to EDA, even for a "utility" that you add to the build chain to improve your results, is extremely hard. What forces are those? Well, people are being suprisingly negative about this; my opinion is that it's a very good thing for the image of the electric car. Especially if it gets shown on TV. It can bust all of the "slow", "unmacho" negative stereotypes. There will probably be ongoing changes in the technology regulations; there always are. Yeah, Glasgow is a bit of an outlier; a nasty mixture of poverty, unemployment, alcohol, and sectarianism gives it a long history of knife crime in some areas. Cheaper? Possibly. Quicker? Almost certainly not. Consumption of _anything_ has political implications, albeit trivial ones: you support whoever made it, and the process by which it was made. I don't think there's anything which can truly be declared apolitical, because people can always _make_ it political. Not necessarily "party" politics, but any case where there are costs and benefits which accrue to different groups. There are some efforts (e.g. opencores), but as discussed here: http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/61873/why-is-... , and the famous Arduino is "open". The "freedom to redistribute copies" and "freedom to modify" aspects of Free software really don't translate well to hardware. There is work and cost associated with copying a board, and much more associated with copying an ASIC (modified or otherwise). It's simply not going to be within the reach of the average user in the forseeable future. Another factor is rapid obsolescence. Some of the open UNIX software is thirty years old; GCC is about 25 years old. Open hardware will generally have a shorter time before it starts looking horribly obsolete. This is especially true of all the things that people really want to be open: processors, graphics hardware, wireless interfaces. (You could have an open replacement for e.g. the 555 or LM741, which would be more timeless, but what would be the point? How would it differ materially from the current ones?) There is certainly scope for "community" hardware development, but that depends on having a stable, sensible community that can agree what it wants and is willing to pay for. Again, requires a lot of work. By the nature of their technology, any FPGA will always be more expensive and energy hungry than the inflexible ASIC counterpart. No silver bullet. What's more likely is interesting SoCs with partially reconfigurable analog blocks and accessible graphics co-processors. Star performers are not inherently more productive - context is important. They are talented but also benefit from the system supporting them. In one study, the performance of 10x Wall Street analysts crumbled when they switched employers if their team did not come with them. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexey_Stakhanov Stakhanov was held up as the >10x more productive coal miner; however, it's now generally understood that this was the result of a propaganda effort, and he had a team preparing and clearing for him. This is a common risk in work-rate-measuring systems, how do you account for worker A spending time which saves the time of worker B? Especially in knowledge work, where the old guy/gal who does very little but carries all the oral history of the company in their head can be more important than anyone realises. It's a rank indicator, not about experience. Also, fancy job titles are free employee motivation. I feel that's probably a low number for the cost of turbines; turbomachinery is always very expensive. The mirrors are "heliostats" that turn towards the sun. So they have a set of motors and control electronics which will be a large part of the cost. There's something very Chinese about banning social media with the ostensible goal of encouraging people to focus on their work. (Also, where do you stop with your "addictive and mind crushing" barrier? Other forums, like HN? Video games? Fiction books? Theatre? "Thought-negating" music?) Have you seen how large the heliostats are? They look over 2 meters on each side, and the surface looks like glass or stainless steel. That's several thousand dollars of light engineering right there. Plus shipping to a desert, plus installation crew. So you're looking at $100-$1000 of motor. Several hundred dollars for the controller board (how do they know where to point? Are they networked or something?), or thousands if you have to design it yourself. Then you have to cable power to it, all of which has to be up to code. The whole thing also has to be weatherproof in a desert and not blow over in the wind. (The passive one-axis heliostat does sound interesting for DIY systems, though) The official fact sheet http://www.bechtel.com/assets/files/Renewable_%202013_Ivanpa... makes no mention of molten salt, just a regular boiler on top of the tower. Lack of clean air can also _impair_ the right to live. When coal was the default source of domestic heating in London, toxic smog frequently caused hundreds of deaths and generally caused respiratory diseases. Fashion? There was a time when any group of people standing around would usually include at least one person smoking. That time is long past. Eventually it will be uncool old people with phones and cool young people with .. _something else_. That's not what the document says though! Scroll to the end. It says that one of Google's motions to dismiss has suceeded, striking out part of the case as inapplicable, and that the case is being allowed to proceed. This is nowhere near even a first ruling. And it relates to "spying" in the sense of processing email to show adverts, not the NSA. Other way round: we could have public research into codecs, but you can't make incremental improvement because of the licensing requirements. _Imagine if App store and Play store didn't exist and you'd have to individually find developers and buy/download their apps. That would certainly result in higher prices._ Higher prices .. and much, much lower sales. The analogous situation is developing with PC games and Steam; rather than spending £40 each on a very small number of games I find myself spending £4 - £15 on a large number of games. Some sort of ridiculous Galtian producer's strike will get you nowhere here. People have plenty of other choices. The strange thing is that games can effectively be "trial" by structuring themselves with in-app purchases to overcome obstacles. I wonder how well this would work with "productivity" apps. Well, they've already managed to shut down the government.. The individuals responsible for disclosing go to jail? Sticking the "unelected" qualifier on "judge" as if there is no distinction between law and politics betrays a lot of prejudice. Judges in the EU aren't directly elected anywhere, as far as I know. Human Rights law in the EU serves much the same role as constitutional law does in the US: an underlying set of values that the behaviour of the government must be consistent with. Article 8 ECHR serves much the same role as the US 4th Amendment in limiting searches. Besides, if there's genuine consensus the rules can be changed and the judiciary have to go along with that. This is ridiculous, partly because you're asserting that robotics doesn't work at the moment and partly because it's not clear what your objective is (realistic human emulation?) Moreover, even if some game-changing development happens after your death, it's still useful to get something done today. The Boston Dynamics rough terrain animal-like cargo bots are probably the most interesting application, although there's lots of industrial robots out there doing incredibly valuable work like pick-and-place. And you're posting this to Hacker News, where people discuss startups almost all of which will be dead, unrecognisable or absorbed in 20 years time let alone a lifetime. This is not only unsupported assertion but moving the goalposts so far that one of them is in orbit. Ability to move independently, with their own power source, be able to navigate our environment, homes, use our tools and do our bidding, following simple commands Apart from "use our tools", that's Roomba+Siri. Honda's "Asimo" is coming quite close. _And_ they have been donating to the Conservative party, presumably to erode the social security safety net to drum up business for them. Complaining that a C native library has its examples in C is like going to China and complaining that the signs are in Chinese. Oh, Kirsty Wark. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirsty_Wark (see "Controversies" and "Interview Style" Almost got fired for going on holiday with the Scottish First Minister ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/top-stories/wark-kept-... ), which is about as far from impartial as you can get. And her husband has his own email hacking crime history: http://journalisted.com/article/3dko About threats: look up the history of the Hutton Inquiry into the "suicide" of David Kelly over the case for the Iraq war, and the subsequent bullying of the BBC into not questioning the Government line any further. Depending what the bend radius and elasticity is, it could be hugely valuable. It makes it possible to have a display that is larger than your pocket. It would also be very valuable for "smartwatches", like Pebble, or other fashion tech like Nike "Fuel Band". The problem with fission is that its disasters are very hard to clean up. Mine collapses or fossil fuel fires are brief events. Most chemical spills either break down, are neutralised, or diluted to harmlessness (although far from all, see the various Superfund sites). Fission disasters tend to emit nasty metals that are bioaccumulative, don't break down in a short timeframe and may be airborne or waterborne. (Having said that, it looks like Bhopal was worse than Chernobyl for harm, and the chemical industry is still in business) Just because it's called "City of London Corporation" does not mean it's the same as a public limited company with shareholders. It's basically a local authority with an unusual name and history(+). Of course it's very pro-establishment, but that's a function of its electorate. PIPCU is new and a little unusual, although there's plenty of precedent for having special police units for complicated crime and they sit next to the Fraud bureau in City police units. It's a bit of an escalation - previously it was local Trading Standards who would handle piracy (e.g. people selling copied DVDs at the local market) (+) How old? Over 1000 years, its origin is unclear. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Municipal_corporation http://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/about-the-city/who-we-are/Pag... Note for Americans: there's no equivalent of "federal" police, it's handled by the local or regional authority. The "Met" end up with most of the national-level jobs like anti-terrorism. PIPCU is a bit odd and new, and clearly looking to make a mark. They might reasonably complain that London police have no authority over them, and they'd be right; this is really a problem for ICANN who are ultimately threatening the registrars. But then it doesn't run any of your existing software and has a tiny market, competing with the various vector processors and FPGAs. The demand from a comparitively small number of people for the hardware to be open . As someone with a chip design background: - prices seem reasonable for doing this as a commercial project - badly written intro that assumes far too much - seems to be based on 2000-era technology - not actually delivering hardware, so very limited practical use - the community that demands open hardware on principle is a lot smaller than they think, so this probably won't get funded But we're not used to kickstarting software projects at normal rates, we're more used to founders working for free to prototype something and using kickstarter to push it into production. This misses that last (even more expensive) stage. You've got it. The $200k level gives you a 2D graphics card from 1998. It looks like their original target market was people who want an embedded emulation of this sort of ancient system so they can run DOS, Windows 95, or ancient Linux/X11 on it. Markets in which changing the software is horribly expensive due to compliance costs. The $400k goal targets Direct3D 8. That appears to date to about 2000: http://www.gamedev.net/page/resources/_/technical/directx-an... (I'm impressed that article is still up from 2000!) $1m is not totally unreasonable for the shader-based design at commercial rates . Last time I did a back-of-the-envelope calculation for a shader-capable fully open graphics card delivering working silicon, I came up with two years, $2.5m, and a hiring shortlist. The Raspberry Pi is basically a GPU with an ARM in a tiny corner of the die. However, the GPU side of its behaviour is mostly Broadcom trade secrets. This produces outrage from some people who demand a completely open platform. However, I don't think there's enough demand money to produce one; and you may run into IP licensing issues, e.g. if you want to include an MPEG accelerator. If you want a large set of general purpose RISC cores, check out Tilera and Netronome. The Raspberry Pi GPU is actually very powerful, but not in ways that help you with CSS/DOM; I don't think there's much work been done to accelerate layout in 3D accelerators other than at the very basic level of glyph rendering and image uncompression. Or you could buy a 72 core processor: http://www.tilera.com/products/processors/TILE-Gx_Family (it's not as powerful as it sounds; memory bandwidth ends up being a major constraint, and programming all those cores effectively is hard in itself) That's nice. It would be even nicer if any of the major UK ISPs supported IP6. (Some of the small ones do on ADSL, but AFAIK you can't have both fiber AND IP6 from any provider, and now that I have FTTC I'm not keen to go back) Aha! That was a bit buried on their website. This is brilliant, and a good thing. Unfortunately, we in the EU are going to be left behind on this one, due to the more arduous product approval required before you can sell any electronic product :( So I read this until I came to the first badly misleading reference: "When it comes down to it, the leaders of the Weinmar Republic were just running an experiment." This makes it sound like the hyperinflation was the consequence of some recklessness, or an experiment carried out in a vacuum. The reality was very different (via WP): "The "London ultimatum" in May 1921 demanded reparations in gold or foreign currency to be paid in annual installments of 2,000,000,000 (2 billion) goldmarks plus 26 percent of the value of Germany's exports.[6]" The Weimar government had no choice but to keep shovelling hard currency across the border to France while simultaneously being limited in its ability to earn more. This looks, economically, like a huge trade imbalance which drove down the value of the Mark, and the printing started as an attempt to keep up with the rapidly collapsing exchange rate. It was not so much an experiment as an act of desparation by a government that was being looted at gunpoint. Just as famine in the modern world is a political problem rather than primarily an agricultural one, hyperinflation is driven by political or economic collapse rather than some vaguely defined irresponsibility. Also, anyone in the US or UK who is scared of hyperinflation at the moment must not be aware of how close to zero and well-managed inflation actually is. My reference for this is "Poverty and Famines: An Essay on Entitlement and Deprivation" (Sen, 1981), based on analysis of historical famines and the author's own experience in Bengal. It contributed to him being awarded a "economics Nobel". The "sooner or later" argument is that of "Limits to Growth"; we're not there yet. "Confidence" is not really an economic variable, nor does it magically evaporate. Go through that list of countries; filter out all those where: - it's a very poor third world country (Angola, Zaire, Zimbabwe etc) - countries coming out of Communism (all the 1992 events) or other revolution (revolutionary France) - hyperinflations triggered by war (Germany, Greece etc) - those predating a 20th century understanding of economics You're basically left with South America, which is somewhat exceptional and has a strong connection with the tendancy for revolutions, coups, US interference etc to trigger crises there. US inflation, meanwhile, ticks over at a few percent and is resolutely stable, despite the best efforts of the House to trigger a crisis. Opinions differ, although it's worth noting that inflation happened before the invention of banking and in countries that used specie as money. Most theorists revolve around the effects of economic growth and supply/demand sudden changes. Steam turbines are the most efficient way of turning heat into mechanical and electrical energy. You can get a slight efficiency boost at tremendous cost by changing the working fluid to something lighter, but nobody bothers with that. There's some interesting research in using fuel cells to extract energy from natural gas and oil, which potentially could be more efficient. This doesn't work for coal, though. Presumably the post-WW1 era of collapse in Germany, which is usually credited as a major cause of WW2. Well, why not? It's such a hassle to change your email address once you've used it for a few years, and you have so many accounts tied to it that you've forgotten them all. I'm very glad I've got my own domain which I use for email, and have done for 14 years now. This works almost everywhere, except Microsoft Exchange. Orwell participated in the Spanish Civil War, which had two "left" sides (anarchist-syndicalist versus communist) versus the "right" (monarchist-fascist). Within the Communist side, there were further factions (NKVD:Stalinist, POUM:other Marxist). Orwell joined POUM. As a result, he was condemned by Stalinists and had to flee back to England. He spent much of his career warning against Stalinism, from a position on what might be called the social democrat left. Also, the US has a very weak culture of consumer protection and regulation; solutions that require co-operation between competing entities are much harder to get off the ground. See the ACA software mess. This is selom practical, and is setting you up for quality problems if you don't care how it works. It's also undervaluing the importance of _communication_ in work. We're used to thinking of places either as "free country", like the idealised America that appears in films, or "police state" where vast numbers of people are rounded up into gulags and dissent is impossible. The current situation is neither of those . It's a large expensive system of state oppression .. that acts on remarkably few people(+). There is a gulag archipelago, Guantanamo, but it contains only 46 prisoners now. Outside it, hundreds of millions of people live pretty free lives in the western world. So there's little public appetite for doing anything about it. If you're not reading about it in the news you can ignore it entirely. Perhaps the main output of the surveillance program is the targeting information for drone strikes. This results in thousands dead .. but they are a long way away, in a part of the world that has its own problems with violence. Your actual chances of being victimised by the surveillance state for engaging in nonviolent leftwing politics are very small. But perhaps its worth noting that radical leftwing groups seem more likely to be investigated by law enforcement than radical rightwing groups that advocate all kinds of crazy things, including actual violence against the government (second amendment supporters). (+) (note that I'm talking about just surveillance here, as distinct from the War on Drugs, the horrifyingly high American prison population, racism in the police, or heavy-handed public order policing) (note 2: I'm from the UK, which has its own problems with official support for surveillance, occasional brutal policing, and particularly the state's role in violence in Northern Ireland has not been properly dealt with nor atoned for). No, it's measured at the battery voltage (which is usually not 1V, and varies with discharge) It's measured this way so you can most easily estimate runtime by putting an ammeter in series with the battery. The postage thing was explained a while ago somewhere, possibly HN: there's no "settlement" between international postage services in the normal sense, and there's a HK postal service that will ship to the US for pennies. Once it arrives in the US postal service, it's their cost to deliver it. Profit is taxable, whereas share price rise incurs taxes that are easier to avoid. Just because a device looks like a mouse doesn't mean it can't contain multiple USB endpoints, one of which is a mass storage device. Example Linux USB exploit: http://charlescurley.com/blog/archives/2011/03/13/linux_usb_... Ethernet's magnetically isolated transcievers are a bit pricey, though. Recently I've been wondering about rallying the Arduino crowd behind RS485 or CANBUS for this sort of connected cheap device network. It's the right protocol, but the licensing requirements are a real problem. Whereas RS485 is free but not a complete solution. People keep saying this. All it really prevents against is the most blatant kind of theft from the company; it doesn't stop senior management awarding themselves salaries that are huge compared to any other worker. That only applies to trademarks. This gets sorted out in court. All that's happened here is the police have seized some things under PACE as part of an unrelated raid and put out an excitable press release. Amazon primarily passes value to customers , and squeezes its lower employees and suppliers. In the UK, there is the widely-derided "Research Assessment Exercise": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Research_Assessment_Exercise#Cr... There is also the criterion of "impact factor", for papers and publications. It's very similar to a "Karma" system as used by HN, Reddit, etc., and it has many of the same problems. Imagine a system where you have to choose between doing research that might be vital but probably won't, versus something safe and predictable that ensures that you get paid next year. The problem is not so much science as the management and funding of science, which have been infected by the same managerialism that causes so many problems in big government and corporate projects. Is that it? That sounds basically the same as the UK, although with redundancy pay in place of the fine. The US is the outlier in allowing people to be fired for no reason. Fitness is both difficult to do and simple to think about. Selling fitness products is a great source of money because you can always convince the customer that it's their fault they didn't become fit. Of course it's not what the consumer needs, it's what the business needs. No, you are _not_ having your property taken away; you are suffering a loss in its market value. For most people, a reduction in the market value of their job or house makes more difference than the market value of their cash per se . Hence the need to keep an eye on the composition of inflation, as some parts may be going up and down more than others. Other way round; if you have negative net worth, and wage deflation (i.e. your salary is reducing), then your debts stay at the same nominal value but get harder and harder to pay. If you have a $100k job and $100k house with $100k mortgage, then 10% deflation means you have a $90k job and $90k house but $100k mortgage, which is now underwater and harder to pay off. "Violence"? (a) that's not verbal violence and (b) we're in the context of Quake, which is not exactly a nonviolent activity Bitcoin seems to be a very good way of creating a new "club" of a small number of bitcoin-wealthy at the expense of everyone else. Being resistant to legal action is not an advantage, it will create an environment rife with fraud and security risks. Except that finite money supply in a growing economy with positive interest rates is both deflationary and a driver of increasing inequality. Sensible active monetary policy and "lender of last resort" activities are vital to functioning modern economies. That's why they had to be enacted in Europe during the financial crisis despite not being properly provided for by the existing Euro framework. Bitcoin is highly steal able , in a world of vulnerable computers and non-reversible transactions. I reccomend the work of Hernando de Soto on extralegality: http://www.amazon.com/Other-Path-Hernando-Soto/dp/0465016103... In a country (Peru) where formal legal systems functioned extremely badly, there was a huge extralegal economy: houses, businesses, transport, etc all of which didn't officially exist and had no legal protection. Providing a route into the legitimate system provided a huge economic benefit for a lot of people and reduced Maoist terrorism. Bad legal system not coercive. Plenty of people here have been employees watching helplessly as managers run the company into the ground. Voting is not so crucial to democracy as pluralism: having lots of groups involved and making a difference. It's generally not feasible for people to really keep up with politics on an individual basis, so you need activists or union representatives or religious leaders or NGOs to do the legwork. But the US suffers from being very fragmented, fractious and individualistic. In that environment it's hard to promote a third alternative that sufficient numbers of people can get behind. Indeed; the US has recently seen the rise of an effective third party - the Tea Party, who are generally in favour of this kind of evil. The recent government shutdown caused significant chaos and economic damage. And over what? Healthcare that didn't even involve vast government expenditure. Wake me up when there's action on that scale against the much larger military budget. You're absolutely right. Rowling has explicitly stated in the past that she hasn't and won't use tax avoidance structures, so she will have paid 40% income tax on most of her income from the books. Plenty of UK bands from the 60s to the 90s have mentioned unemployment benefits as being an important factor in allowing them to exist before they got famous. Some pressure is required to keep the head flying above the surface of the drive. Removing all gas from the drive gives you a very nasty z-axis control problem. Hydrogen is notoriously good at diffusing through seals, and even through metal. Negative internal pressure does make this harder, but it might be a problem. Handling hydrogen is generally a hassle, so it was probably chosen to make life easier/cheaper at the factory. You are mistaking helium (inert,fire suppresant) for hydrogen (flammable). Is this the famous "impartial" American media I hear so much about? despite being a huge producer This is actually very sensible: conserve oil for export, add it to the long-term social fund. The exact opposite of the Saudi approach (burn it cheaply in nonsustainable vanity projects and things like desalinated water for golf courses in a desert) Formalised representation of contact information? What, like vcard? There's even an XML flavour of it: http://www.xml.com/pub/a/2004/03/31/qa.html Indeed. This is why there's not so many profitable software products between the few hundred $ range and the tens-of-thousands; as soon as you need signoff the cost-of-sale increases enormously. Normal bank insurance is done by the central bank, which can lend unlimited money to cover this kind of hole. (A large part of the Euro crisis was the Euro central bank refusing to backstop banks itself, delegating that to national central banks which can't print money and can therefore run out themselves) It looks like they've been sideswiped by iOS 7 changes that make their product infeasible. A common problem of proprietary APIs :( Also, software people developing hardware seem not to have realised that it's much harder to fix problems after shipping, which sadly makes good quality small run hardware very rare. If you like this sort of thing, read comp.risks ( http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/risks ). On the other hand, it might give you an omnipresent sense of fear about all the computer-controlled safety critical devices around you. As embedded software becomes ever more complex This is part of the problem in itself; the Toyota software appears to be far more complex than it needs to be. Yes, it is; and hardware development companies are _very_ conservative, so there's little room to launch a disruptive "Ruby for hardware" new language. I have some ideas myself on what a better language would look like, but for the moment they're at the back of the ideas drawer. Another important factor: bringing it to market doesn't scale up or down like software does. You can make a program and test it on a single user; or, at the other end, with a bit of pre-planning you can scale upwards by buying more EC2/AWS capacity on a credit card. NRE (one-off costs) on ASIC design is very large. PCB manufacture costs have gone down, thanks to companies like OSHpark, but you still have to assemble them. Then there's CE and UL requirements to actually sell into the market (somewhat evadeable if you're doing "kits" or "prototypes". As a result, you can't "fail early, fail often" without very deep pockets. And in some product categories "failure" gets people killed (Toyota passim) I don't agree that the market is saturated; people are building new gadgets all the time, especially "internet of things applications". New applications of techniques like capacitative sensing or innovative radio modulation keep appearing. Not as dramatic as the transistor, but then neither is a lot of software. Edit: not to mention the continuous background delivery of radical innovation keeping Moore's law going. Now down to a feature size of ~200 silicon atoms and still going. Who blacklists stolen bitcoins? People aren't going to maintain such lists individually. So you'd want some central operators, like the antispam DNS services. But then they have to decide what counts as "stolen". Ordered something and then claim it doesn't arrive - who do you believe? You're back to the paypal situation, except rather than reversing transactions you're declaring bitcoins "stolen". Not to mention the difficulties of running a collaborative central operator in a community of radical individualists. Possibly; there are already standards in certain areas. But it can greatly increase cost and time-to-market, so even when there are codes corners will be cut. See the Toyota lawsuit at the moment. Oh, and applying pretty much any "software building codes" to the web app industry would probably kill startup culture entirely. It's not unusual for the baseband to control the application processor's boot sequence. Quite a lot of phone unlocking/rooting/jailbreak exploits go via the baseband. I don't think baseband exploits exist for iPhone 5/5s True, but that just means that people haven't broken into the baseband yet, not that if the had done that it would be impossible to break into the application processor. "Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds" (Mackay, 1841) http://www.gutenberg.org/browse/authors/m#a516 Good chapters on tulip mania, the original South Sea bubble, Mississippi company, the introduction of paper money and hyperinflation in the French ancien regime . Bonus fun on "Influence of Politics and Religion on the Hair and Beard", duelling, and "Popular Follies of Great Cities" (which were basically memes long before the internet). I happened to be reverse engineering some firmware the other day, which has "AMSS" all over it ; this was in new Sierra Wireless devices built on Qualcomm ARM926EJS baseband. It might not be in the latest and greatest, but it's still out there all over the place. I'm guessing it doesn't work if you have javascript turned off, due to the unnecessary "splash screen". It does look like you're addressing the right problems with "Signpost" and "Irminsule". Am currently reading your slides. Hang on, that sounds like a serious limitation in the trading platform if you can issue a sell order at one price and have it fulfilled at a different one? Look at the 2y chart. Then look at the oil price chart from 2000. This spike will have a matching downspike with recovery. Not learn it? Certainly an option; keeping the syntax recognisable helped rather than hindered adoption, which was slow enough as it was at the beginning. JS+DOM could have lost to Flash rather than vice versa. Don't think that China isn't partisan; they're Chinese partisans supporting Chinese interests and companies instead. They don't have the same level of global meddling capability as the US - yet. People don't like K&R? I can understand it not being suitable for children and the very beginner, but it's one of a very few programming books that is useful, succinct, pragmatic, doesn't get bogged down in APIs, and is written clearly. (The companion book "Programming in the UNIX environment" is the get-you-started guide from the very beginning, although it assumes 1970s terminal defaults) Health is its own reward; paying people for healthy _outcomes_ == worse poverty for the chronically unhealthy, partially disabled, and (in the US) victims of the non-healthcare system. Money can't be saved without someone else borrowing it, even if that someone is just the bank. Saving is normally transmuted into investment : spending money on machinery/land/buildings/software development etc that will offer a positive return in the future. Investment counts as someone else's income and therefore increases GDP. Simply putting cash aside is basically hoarding, and normally loses you value over time unless the economy becomes deflationary, which tends to turn into a disinvestment and unemployment disaster. I've actually changed from thinking "financial services law will destroy this" to "this will become like the War On Drugs: ubiquitous illegality, especially evasion of exchange controls, witholding taxes, and foreign income reporting requirements". The US is requiring Lat-Am countries to enforce US patents on Chagas treatments, rather than let them be manufactured locally at lower cost. Compare American "product defamation" law: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food_libel_laws and the UK "Trafigura" lawsuit. can't monitor or trace payments made with physical cash For large values of cash, yes they can; cash is bulky and has to be smuggled if you want to do it secretly, which is expensive. Hence all the US asset forfeiture laws, and various countries rules on bringing currency in or out. See the famous video of one of the lunar astronauts dropping a hammer and a feather at the same time. Both of them drop fairly rapidly to the surface. Devices that do this already exist and have done since 1983: Tomahawk cruise missiles. Huge areas of military technology have been developed for precisely delivering explosives; now they are being repurposed for non-harmful use. GPS is certainly enough to fly it to the visual vicinity of your house. I can imagine needing to supply a landing marker (large QR code?) to tell it exactly where to land. Not enough power for the RF transmission; even if you go off-network while not in use (so you can't recieve SMS), then you still end up needing to do quite a few 2W burst transmissions to get back on and send the SMS. Also, peltier requires a temperature difference ; keeping it warm in your pocket is not enough. Ethernet port on its own is thicker than most smartphones. Having said that, I had almost all of those things you mention on my Toshiba Libretto back in 1998. Wouldn't fit in a trouser pocket but would fit in my coat's inside pocket. It's not a grammar correction, but a factual one, as if someone were misquoting the original article. All sorts of buried assertions in what you're saying: why are boom and bust "logical" in the first place? Do they not result from over- and under-valuing investments? Central bank management has achieved pretty much exactly what it's been tasked with doing: price stability of the aggregate inflation measure. This is despite large variation in underlying commodities like oil. Housing went mad, but it wasn't included in the measure of inflation and far too many people were happy with asset price inflation to stop it. (In any case, money supply is far more a function of lending than of currency issue. Hard currency does not prevent expansion or contraction of the money supply) What would help this would be "exclude by permission" in Play store search, so you can easily find which of the dozens of flashlight apps doesn't require extra permissions. Or a proper Open Source app store like F-Droid. Lots of digging? More seriously: permitting and infrastructure. Once you've spent a couple of years convincing people that you're not going to fill the water table with arsenic and you should be allowed to start building, you then realise that the mine is in the middle of nowhere and roads, railways, worker housing, electricity and water supplies all need to be provided. You can't shield an earth ground-based telescope from the atmosphere. And the Arecebo fixed telescope seems to work quite well - one of those in a moon crater would be an extremely sensitive instrument. Some background from Mandela himself: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2007/apr/23/nelsonmandela It's important to note the date of this speech at his trial, April 20 1964, _before_ the passing of the US civil rights act (July 2 the same year); so at this time parts of the US had apartheit-like conditions. Indeed. In the UK, we're wrestling with a rightwing _news_ junta with its own surveillace abuses, intertwined with the police. The power to dig up every detail about someone's life then publish it for the adverse judgement of millions of people is capable of great destructiveness if abused. This kind of ridiculousness is yet another reason to be glad of the UK health system: flat charge of ~$10 for filling any prescription, and even that can be waived for large categories of people who have trouble affording it. Having said that, certain categories of extremely expensive drug aren't available on the NHS; until recently Herceptin was the most prominent example of this. The architecture cost of this is _huge_; it's only worth doing on reliability-critical systems, where you might consider banning dynamic memory allocation altogether. I think it's perfectly reasonable for quick tech demo projects to never check anything. fopen() is probably worth a little bit of checking, but not malloc(). Last year we were contracted to do some IC verification work. The more we learnt about the system, the more we wondered, "doesn't this just duplicate existing successful products? What is the niche here, exactly?". Meanwhile they ran out of money and didn't pay our invoices. Mm, I was just pondering that both Costco and Sam's have good labour reputations, and that it's _not_ saying "takes on Walmart". The touch keyboard lacks feedback but folds to zero size, which is its great advantage. And people are in practice getting along just fine with them, which is why the hardware keyboards have fallen by the wayside. The main obstacle to boot-your-own-phone in the US is of course the carriers. It's very anti-profitable for them, because it removes their ability to suppress functionality of your phone in order to sell it back to you. First rule of phone company: why market when you can monopoly? government seems to pretty much stay out of their way. Not exactly - it's a low regulation environment, but there are huge centrally planned real estate developments and far less planning regulation or due process to stop the government building a road or a mall through your house. Not to mention the capital controls, and the restrictions on foreign-owned businesses, the lack of free speech or free internet .. Not in the mythos I'm familiar with; he robbed anyone who came past who had sufficient money, and redistributed it. Taxation in the 12th century was also pretty much limited to the landowning few. Depends what you include in "code"; your program might be a one-liner, but its language environment and operating system are the product of huge teams. It's a kind of modularisation that's so effective we don't think of it as a division of labour. One person writing all the code for a system from the bare metal up is pretty much limited to embedded systems now. The info wars have been going since at least the Tyndale Bible in the 16th century. Information gives power; people will always be looking to control it to bolster their power. Constitutions can also be a trap and a drag on social progress, such as the Irish constitution's deeply embedded abortion ban. It's more _energy_ efficient, but also much more expensive to maintain. Partly because it's held to more serious safety standards, and partly because it's so much harder to route around difficulties. Signalling is a major maintenance money sink: a distributed safety system that must be completely reliable. (Parking is rarely heavily taxed and often "free" - where were you thinking of?) The UK network prioritises passengers over freight in almost all circumstances. Much of the freight is "bulk" that can tolerate delay quite happily. You don't see a lot of freight going past while waiting on a passenger platform or at a level crossing. There are some freight-only lines mostly for coal to power stations. I think not so much as "unfeasible" as "does not offer any benefits that could not be achieved with normal night train carriages". Yeah, I got knocked off my bike by a car and mildly concussed; the addending police breathalysed both me and the driver. I suspect this happens routinely at minor accidents. I guess they're using "there was an accident" as evidence that there may have been erratic driving. (in the UK) Does it actually turn off the IAP-promoting game mechanics? I think not - more likely you just get bounced at the point you actually try to make the purchase. The algae->oil part of the process necessarily loses energy, so it all comes down to the process of turning sun into algae. Which is not itself very efficient, but may be cheaply scalable. I think if you just care about renweable EROI and not about storage in convenient petrol form then wind and solar are still the winners. Is this actually true in practice? People do not pay detailed attention when evaluating two sets of plausible and highly technical claims, when there is emotional loading attached. We get "teach the controversy". This makes it quite easy for the determined and self-interested to manipulate public opinion. It's like spam: people have long since ceased to argue with spammers, they just remove the spam. "Sunlight" has no effect on it; rather, it risks blocking out the light to other messages. A valid argument for not banning viewpoints is that it prevents accurate dissent from getting through, and results in the status quo drifting into being wrong because it cannot be critically re-evaluated. But in this case it has been evaluated often and thoroughly enough that we can be confident. They should nonetheless put a sunset date on the policy for future review. Sure, but people use nonstorable electricity just fine, so I disagree with your first sentence. Biogas rather than biodiesel might appear as a farm fuel in the future, either from manure or wood gasification. But not while underground gas is still cheap enough to flare. Almost certainly; that's the same processor as used in one model of the mbed, all you have to do is find the JTAG/SWD on the board. The default firmware may be code-protected, but there are ways round that. In some ways, it's even easier for information to be lost in the digital age; unless it's in regular use , it can end up on crumbling tapes in an obsolete format that cannot be understood. There are various underfunded efforts to recover and transcribe old NASA data that suffer from this. Nope. If you're not in the same datacenter you're too slow; all the HFT systems are in racks next to the exchange rack communicating over 10G Ethernet. Source: actually working on an HFT project. Orwell's book was entirely about state power; it was a parody of Stalinism. He was in the awkward position of being a socialist who'd been shot at by hardline communists during the Spanish civil war, and wanted to warn the left that Stalinism was really dangerous and should not be associated with. The other commentator has dealth with QT; it's not yet a really available commercial technology, and it's not even clear that it lets you send data outside of your light cone which might violate causality. I would like a cite for your bandwidth claim, but remember it's not bandwidth that matters - orders and market data are fairly small packets of data - but latency. The usual problem with radio systems is that you don't have a nice clean signal "edge" that you can recover, you need to apply some processing to the signal. That might be pure analog (heterodyne reciever) or A/D or pure digital (convolve to recover data from QAM). This processing delays the signal. Our approach is to do all the processing in an FPGA connected to a 10G line. This allows us to use various tricks to start sending the first byte of the trade before the final byte of the market data packet is recieved. It says "Principal Engineer" on my business cards; I'm a consultant for a small firm. I'd conflated two events; you're correct that Orwell was shot by an Fascist sniper, but there were also Stalinist purges going on against POUM ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homage_to_Catalonia ) as it was a non-Stalinist Marxist faction. "I would like" was me asking politely. My arguments are mostly about the difference between "QT can be done in the lab" versus "QT can be done outside of the lab with commercially available equipment", and also "can QT transmit information faster than c?". The answer to the latter appears to be no: http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/34653/is-it-possi... http://www.nature.com/news/data-teleportation-the-quantum-sp... asserts that entanglement survives transmission over long distances, not that this can be used to transmit information any faster than the photons travel. Also, starting this conversation with "hahahaha :D" was .. unhelpful, along with claiming things that contradict the experience of experienced people. Eventually it would have to be reviewed by a human. Also, reports of spam from someone who hasn't actually sent you anything should be silently ignoreable by the system. The cost of making one it probably several thousand dollars, not counting the year and a half of Bunnie's time. From then on it depends on how many you want, and if you can find an assembly house that will take a tiny order for (say) 1000 of them. Even in large runs I can't see it costing less than $1000, partly due to the FPGA on the board. Handcrafted aluminium and leather cases are also likely make up several hundred dollars of the price. That case looks particularly resistant to mass-production. It is, like most forms of official identity, primarily for the benefit of official databases and categorisation systems. But not entirely: Birth registration and death registration are a matched pair that enable the tracking and prevention of certain kinds of abuse. In Victorian England, way before the availability of contraception or abortion, there was "baby farming". This involved a oneoff payment to send an unwanted infant to be "looked after" with no further contact. The baby farms had very high mortality rates, which everyone turned a blind eye to. This was eventually stamped out. See e.g. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amelia_Dyer The most famous example of "why do I care about my birth certificate" is of course Barack Obama. Some people were determined to make it very important. Use your eyes, sort by size. (More pragmatically, try to estimate who really has the power in a situation; who has other options? Who is dependant on whom? Remember that a company is not a person and does not have physical or emotional needs.) Some areas of the US are more "3rd-world country" than the people care to acknowledge. Mostly due to the legacy of colonialism. Economy based on manual labour for resource extraction or farming? Yup. History of racial conflict from the time of slavery? Yup. Poor rule of law linked to family and business corruption? Yup. Excessively violent policing as a result of those factors? Yup. There is a very strong push from the right in the UK towards a US-style privatized system. The way the student loan repayments work over a lifetime, this is effectively a 5-10% income tax on middle income people with degrees, but without generating headlines about putting up income tax. The baseband can lie about the phone being off. So the phone has a blank screen but is still phoning home. I initially didn't notice that there was a "fold"! Quite often people need a new car because their previous one suddenly broke down or was involved in an accident, neither of which are plannable. Employees _do_ share the downside, when job cuts are made. People have serious problems learning how to write dataflow languages. Itanium exposed its complexity, and was a commercial failure. Similar complaints have been made about the Playstations that made heavy use of explicit parallelism. It's interesting that you mention Java; some ARM systems have 'Jazelle', a system for directly executing Java bytecode. I don't know how widely used it is. Meanwhile, 3D TV is fading in popularity. I don't doubt that one or two very cool tech demo "movies" will appear for OR, but there is _no way_ this will be the future of film for more than a tiny minority. It obliterates director control of camera angle, and requires a set that fully surrounds the camera position (you don't want to turn your head and see the crew ruining illusion for you). It's also currently rather low-resolution, but that will improve. What you might get are things like travelogues; the ability to virtually tour the digitised landmarks of the world from your chair, walking (or flying!) around at your own pace. That page says 300,000 listings, versus ~300m people in the US, makes 0.1%. That's not a large percentage; you could find a greater number of people who believe the moon landings are faked. There's a project I'm distantly involved with to roll remotely unlockable insulated boxes out to homes for supermarket delivery, but it's stalled. :( .. but check your registrar security, as it was only yesterday we had the story about godaddy allowing a domain to be stolen. Good insight; imposing yourself on others is never going to be very popular. The modern equivalent of the boom box is people playing music loudly on their phone speaker on public transport. It's low volume hobbyist market, obviously. And that has overheads. Don't call people 'greedy' for selling things at greater than the BOM cost. See http://www.ashden.org/files/reports/Isle%20of%20Eigg%20case%... The idea of aircon on Eigg is hilarious. They've only just built an electric grid. Heating is a mix of oil-fired boilers, wood, solar water heating, and probably the occasional portable few kW electric heater. I suspect quite a bit of food is locally produced. Crofting is an ancient way of life. Note that Eigg's population is only about 100, about the Dunbar Number. .. except is can be made viable by changing the charge structure; that's the whole point of IAP. It defies simplistic supply-and-demand analysis because there is no longer just one price, but many; the customer has to make a constant series of decisions about the value of instant gratification. Some people hate this. The question is "what would you consider your most significant achievement?". This is an opportunity for the interviewee to tell the story of the achievement; you don't want a one-liner answer from them, you want them to explain the significance. You're not ranking the achievements but the interviewee. Answered well, and if you listen to the answer properly, this question will tell you how someone overcomes obstacles and handles adversity. Investing in _anything_ productive is the opposite of hoarding. Hardly anyone in an advanced economy hoards large amounts of physical paper money; banks keep it to satisfy customer demand, but would much rather have the money in their central bank deposit account. A couple of central banks in Europe are experimenting with tiny negative rates on these deposit accounts precisely to encourage them to lend it out. If you _invest_, you're either buying a productive asset, or storing something valuable for a period of time, or giving money to some other business to spend on equipment, employees etc. in the hope of future return. UK Companies house has a pretty good web form: https://ewf.companieshouse.gov.uk//runpage?page=welcome ; there's a £15 annual accounts filing fee and extremely minimal bureaucracy. Getting a UK business bank account might be harder. I've heard of people having trouble with this even within the UK. As soon as you want to do 'git pull' with any uncommitted local changes, you're obliged to use the stash.