Now that top tier drive maker has acquired the 2nd or 3rd tier maker expect storage prices to go up. Seagate isn't the competition it used to be. If this is true, this is lame. You can't lose. Lame. you are addicted to infographics. Emacs had nothing to do with it. I don't think the government would deny either. I have 3 stations. 2x (2 24") and 27". One 2 24" is landscape portrait where the the other is dual portrait. I think I prefer having two monitors. It is really nice to have a terminal window, docs and IDE open all at the same time. Having the code on the vertical portrait monitor is nice (140+ lines visible at a time). Bezels were never a problem for me. See http://vimeo.com/22606387 Kostis Sagonas goes over PropEr and Dialyzer for Erlang. http://groups.google.com/group/erlang-programming/browse_thr... http://dialyzer.softlab.ntua.gr/ With these two tools one can have a stronger type system than Haskell. PropEr is amazing work. Not to mention CED https://github.com/mariachris/CED which checks all possible state transitions for race conditions. When is the pretending so good that it ceases to be pretending? How much Mocking does the Mocking Bird need to partake in before it is the Creating Mocking Bird? What it didn't seem like Norvig got was difference between understanding and a highly sophisticated pretender. Gut Level vs Self Aware intelligence. Both are valid forms of intelligence but only one is a valid form of understanding. I think statistical methods are a form of intelligence that are highly mechanical and could never achieve human level cognition (ie fart jokes). But I could be wrong, usually am more than half the time. Intel will stop making bricks (metaphor) and skip 28nm and go directly to 20nm for Atom. It is their only hope to get into mobile, even then it will be a weak value prop as the entire mobile market will be on an ARM ISA. Even though the whole dev chain is slightly more flexible to an ISA change, Intel will still be slighty x86ed out of the market only they will be on the other side of the fence this time. Intel won't run on the phones, but they might, if they play their cards right run on tablets and netbooks. It really does suck to be the 900 Lb gorilla. It is also a great excuse for podunk "Great Communicator" loving sherifs to implement American Fascism. As much as I love how safe NYC is, I don't want it to turn into Singapore. Don't mock this guy lest he get all agro on you. You should read, watch and listen to Hitler's speeches. He told the German people they were different, special and they had a destiny. That it would be wrong (all of the metaphysicals) to not fulfill that destiny. That they were a perfect beautiful people and he could see that it was so by being an imperfect non-full blooded aryan looking in on what their true potential could be. Amazingly manipulative stuff. I almost made a snarky comment on the sf comment section about how they aren't the most unpopular kid, there is always java.net! Lua's draw is not in its libraries (beyond a core set of very awesome GEMS). The stuff that is important is actively developed and will be ported forward if there is indeed an issue. Rarely can you go trolling for a library with a long line down rigger and find a good fish. Many libraries are out of date, the rocks system needs improvement. The addition of the bitops into core is very much welcomed. These changes look really good. I would love to see someone make a CoffeeScript to Lua compiler. My main area of concern is when the wonderful Mike Pall will port LuaJit to 5.2 when it is released. Maybe in Lua 6 they can default to local vars and add list comprehensions. Lua ranks up there with SQLite in awesomeness. I am strictly a server side programmer and have a problem doing front end work. I want to learn it, but it feels like a sheer cliff to me. The low level CoffeeScript documentation is excellent. What I am looking for and not being a JavaScript programmer this is admittedly difficult for me, is some hand holding on the mechanics. * packaging, how do I import modules or packages? Do these even exist? * debugging, how do I do this? * unit testing? I installed CoffeeScript via node, then npm (node package manager) and am using it via the command line. Something like the ipython ( http://ipython.scipy.org/moin/ ) shell along with pdb ( http://muffinresearch.co.uk/archives/2008/04/27/python-debug... ) would help immensely in my adoption of CoffeeScript. In a perfect world the repl/debugger would be built into the webapp and open a websocket to another webapp so I could introspect/debug the page from another page while it was running (turtles all the way down). This is similar to the workflow for developing server side software (Jython, Python, Java). This is not new. Reform would be to have actually created the thing you are patenting and not a loose description of how one might/could build the thing. It shouldn't be patentable unless you have done it. It would but none of the players have the mindshare, capital or cred to do this. We are at a near perfect astable state in terms of competition. I am really stoked about all of this. This is makes sense, esp with regards to the scalar core that is being included in the CU. Most likely that scalar core is ARM derived. I made noises that AMD needed to remove 32 bit and SSE and just focus on OpenCL. What is being speculated actually reaches much farther than that and is a better design. Thanks for the clue stick. Also more corroborating evidence, Anton Chernoff one of the main creators of FX!32 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FX!32 ) works for AMD Boston. FX!32 was/is one of the most badass dynamic recompilation engines I have ever witnessed. It could load X86 executables and effectively JIT them to Alpha. This is the kinda of technology needed to support a virtual ISA. Anton Chernoff http://www.linkedin.com/pub/anton-chernoff/1/59/6b2 http://www.usenix.org/publications/library/proceedings/useni... Half-Life Catacombs. Portal to Purgatory. If Valve bought PopCap then it would be like a Reese's Pieces. Two already great tastes coming together. PopCap is the perfect cultural infusion that could get Steam opened up to a larger (non asian 17 year old male) market. AMD is definitely not on board with Microsoft taking over the scene. AMD is 100% behind standards, standards like OpenCL. Look at the way MS implemented their AMP C++ GPU story, http://herbsutter.com/2011/06/16/c-amp-keynote/ that looks to me like it targets and has all the limitations of DirectCompute (MS specific GPGPU). If MS really wants to make this a standard then most likely AMD will implement that standard using Open64 ( http://www.open64.net/ ) and emit OpenCL kernels which will be handed off to their device specific OpenCL compilers. I don't think MS has the power you give it credit for. We are nearly in a post MS reality. It is like 1988 all over again. DR Dos, DESQview, GEOS they are all back in way with iOS, Android (which oddly enough is more Newton influenced than iOS). The Win95 logo on a K5 doesn't bother me, Nokia doing really stupid stuff is indicative that they didn't have any solid competition for a great long while and went batshit insane. I had reports from Finnish friends that claimed that Nokia acted like they owned the whole damn country and make or break any law it pleased. When that kind of hubris implodes you best not be standing too close. They could have made a tidy sum selling well built yet simple Android powered phones to the worlds bottom 2 Billion People while attacking the verticals underserved by Nextel and Blackberry's gaffs. HTC owns the mainstream sexy-as-hell phone market. I would not try or want to compete with HTC. AMD is above all this buffoonery, they are about to license their IP and throw it to the wind. And ARM might just end up managing the portfolio. Sistine Chapplaquiddick - Some sort of first person drunk angel flight sim Bad name. Disco has a tag based DDFS which is very awesome, http://discoproject.org/ . You are asking too much for a drop in DFS solution. You will need to roll something. I would use Riak and Python FUSE. Should only take you a weekend. I posted some notes here to get you started. http://pastebin.com/raw.php?i=Dn2JTbfd I already had that in my notes. They are in no particular order, they just caught my eye at the time for whatever reason. Thank you both for these links, I am off to a very good start. I am utterly offended, DOS is awesome. Esp for embedded devices where the OS and the application are the same thing. Less complexity leads to more stability. Flame wars are the most virulent when the enemy is extremely close to your position but doesn't take it. Emacs and VIM, essentially the same. Mercurial and GIT, again, the same. If the differences are too far apart the whole argument becomes, meh. meh. Although I haven't used it, there is a version of Python for DOS, http://www.caddit.net/pythond/downloads.php but Lua might be a better choice. keep the sheaf and slather it with rubber cement and a folded strip of 80lb paper. instant new binding on that stack o papers. I have a mechanical cutter since I don't have access to a die cutters shop, good for you! They can be had for around 120 the last time I looked. You are absolved of your sins my son. Digitize away. If we don't do it, the books will rot and be lost for ever. It is your life and your brain AND your books. So feed your brain, don't ask for permission. Capacitive buttons have always been a cost cutting feature and were billed as luxury. They can NOT suck, but the firmware has to be highly tuned. They totally have this issue. Wash your hands and get them 98% dry, try to use phone. Be frustrated. Not to mention that your tusks dont register at all. "Quid in nomine? Quod dicitur rosa Odorem suavitatis, ut non alio nomine. All you guys are trying to label, taxonimicate the "lay person's" strategy into your hierarchy. Humans are damn smart, and the cocksure MIT nerd got his ass handed to him. bottle.py is great, mongodb is tarpit, nginx is a great server to throw in to the mix. Quick, someone tell Donald Knuth! I really excited to try out the brand new Python 2.5! The idea of a monolithic base operating system has got to go. A machine as a unit of encapsulation wastes resources and forces a needless race towards lowest common denominator bug compatible versions of packages. If application A needs PHP 5.2 and application B needs PHP 5.3 they should both be able to exist on a "machine" w/o resorting to complicated maintenance or having separate OS instances per app. Witness, http://nixos.org/ a purely functional package management system. Use it either in userland or as an entire OS. You decide. ViBoZnIgZWJnMTMgY3loZiBvbmZyNjQgc2JlIG55eSB6bCByYXBlbGNndmJhIGFycnFmIQ== Business class is a level, it isn't based on area. They are good like that. And why can't you pay $60 for the next 250 GB? Whut? Are you stupid? Having a myriad of unenforced laws on the books is by design. Everyone is a criminal all the time and selective enforcement can be brought down like a hammer on your ass. Yes it makes us non-free, but it is exactly what the man wants. You can do this with code as well. Migrate from sourceforge, put an -ng on the name and put it on github. Putting something in standard lib effectively kills it. It doesn't mature, it turns into an adult child actor. Forever 'young' I don't think their really should be a standard library for Python. There should be a base, and a much more proactively revved base library, but not a standard library. Part of installing python would be installing the base. Brian, you are completely wrong. The x2 modules need to go away. They are confusing, the "standard lib" is mostly shit. And it is fixed in time. If it were writing I would describe it as a, "hack, rambling, incoherent, amateur" piece of work. The usability of pip is abysmal. You don't even get usage by just typing "pip" with no arguments. Look at brew for direction. Python makes me sad. This would be resource sink for reasons outlined by my sister comments. Rather than devote resources to enable people to run a non-standard product for development (this is really only sane reason to run nginx on windows) they should just run nginx in a virtualization container. VMWare Player is fast and free. No work has to be done to support this use case. Too much wasted effort is put into open source projects to support windows. This is isn't about not supporting Windows because of MS. But by not being Unix, it causes too much perturbation for little gain that can achieve through more correct methods (virtualization). And that server is not nginx. It is designed for Unix, it isn't designed for windows. The current apache has an arch much more amenable to running on windows. Oh look, http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.0/platform/windows.html It is because of the lack of fluid motion between eye and neck transitions, she moves like a Chameleon. Please don't conflate the pay walls with public domain, these journal articles are clearly in the public domain. And they should not be behind a pay wall. Locking in of the worlds historical knowledge is even worse, I think, than locking in current research. The economic return to the holders of the keys to the garden have no moral or legal right to assert control over the this knowledge, when their articles of incorporation most likely expose the oposite of their actions. These organizations are greedy wholesale hypocrites. Maybe your rape can reach all the way back in time from 1923. You are seriously advocating rape of another human being? Please leave. Please seed. If you are on a mac you can use transmissionbt. http://www.transmissionbt.com/ Configure the bandwidth management to acceptable always on background levels and minimize to the dock or put on a different desktop with spaces. Don't downvote this question, it is valid. And they broke all the links on their site, thanks dudes. I would wager that is phased array in reverse (phased array broadcasting). Constructs a 4d data space unique to all users, probably can't in this version handle moving receivers. Think of it like this, if a phased array receiver can reconstruct the signal at any point, why can't a phased array broadcaster emit signals that recreate any signal at any point in space. Wrong? His argument is a total straw man, he wants us to tear it down. He also begs the question that eval is for a repl. So the ClojureScript folks decided to give up flexibility for speed? A Lisp w/o eval is not a Lisp. Strikes me as a motherly premature (de)optimization. I am pretty sure he understands compilation. In the same vein, I have been thinking about a mysql wrapper around various nosql products. Same issue, installed base and connectivity. Composition, interfaces, abstraction. waste of hardware as you mentioned. your idea would have been popular 7-10 years ago. Just pay them bitcoins to simulate your dwarves and your fortresses. It is on par with a WII. It is only a game to psychopaths. I suppose you are right, if the game were facebook and you could buy a $50 dongle that has facebook and netflix people would probably only run that game. The irrational exuberance has come to an end as airbnb and hopefully many of these startups that while facilitating many great things also mask an exposure to danger. I remember when anyone on Craigslist was in the top %5 of nice humans. Of course that is gone now, but airbnb seemed like it was living in the early craigslist bubble. I am saying those bubbles shouldn't exist. They are naive. And most American humans don't have the street smarts to build their own trust metrics. This country is harsh and there is NO safety net for the able bodied at the end of a rope. Deliver pizza (and get shot), stock shelves, what ever it takes. You are not your job. It is illegal to be homeless in the USA. put your python resume on dice, monster, list location as the bay area. get flown out for interviews, get moving expenses paid. I don't really understand the downvotes. Please explain. I don't know why this makes me so happy. I had a working mapreduce job that was 300 lines of fairly high level java code. Compact, terse, expressive, everything you don't see in most Java. I came back over a the weekend and my boss/coworker made it 'configurable' which means he added 800 lines of code. I fucking cried. He was like, "I hoisted out some stuff that should have been behind interfaces." ... I didn't need an interface because I only had ONE and specifically made the API have a low surface area so this could occur IF IT NEEDED TO. I sucked it up and took it in stride. Jumping in and solving a problem is usually the last thing you want to do, but that character trait(flaw) is what people think of as a good leader. Someone who will take you over a cliff with conviction. I can't find the link, but I also remember a Puppet Master project where 5 guys could control the online personas of 50 guys and slowly shift the center of the conversation in any direction they wanted. I am sure that the FedBizOpps would get integrated with Puppet Master. I am so glad that these psyops tools will only be used against bad guys. By compact I mean the domain logic was all in one place and not diluted like a fine mist across the code. You could read it like english and it made sense. Consistency in abstraction levels and not too much genericism. While I have obviously self selected my population ... I don't know a single guy that doesn't find female intelligence enticing. Women that use their brains to do what they want are attractive and albeit in short supply. Women in the US aren't allowed to smart or funny. They can be hot, but not smart or funny. This isn't true in other places. Eastern Europe for one afaict doesn't discriminate against female intelligence. Wow, jesus, dammit. TVM has 9 registers, modeled after x86 registers 20k on a 30M purchase by a large company wanting to enter our space. I didn't know shit about options. Pretty good for 9 months, nearly even with the salary I should have had in a non-startup job. So in the end, deferred savings plan. You can buy some @ $25 wrap it in a nice case, add in a keyboard + power supply and resell them for $95. I think they should increase the single unit cost to $45 or higher (49 or 63). Have it a vote on the main page so people feel like they have some input, the higher cost can support discounts for bulk buys and other non-profits (think give one get one). Explain the rational for the price increase on the poll. The geeks that are making single purchases can definitely pay the higher price. Have a discount kick in @ qty 10 or 20 (down to $35). The at cost (which is never really @ cost, ever) discount shouldn't kick in till either non-profit status or qty 100. ---- You are going to have a problem meeting demand. And some for profit shop is going to use these as digital signage and suck up all the supply. Beware of unintended consequences, everyone that buys them isn't going to be doing good in the world. Capitalism is faceless and cares about us much gravity or water. ---- Another option is to have a classroom in a box package where you sell 30, power supplies, keyboards and an app that runs on all operating systems so you can DD pre-canned images onto end user supplied SD cards (point them at preferred cards on newegg). Then under my plan if you bought 10 you would get the discount. When you get the cheap nearly at cost price so do the people who won't be doing good in the world. How do you differentiate them? What if I put in an order 1000 and hoovered them all up for in store digital signage? I am preventing 1000 kids from getting access to education and Raspberry gets nothing in return. How do you solve this problem? Exactly my take as well. The organism needs to survive and 100% altruistic organisms don't. If they sell at a profit then they can grow and more low cost education can spread. So it is capable of immersive 3d and high resolution video of fluid flow. Not strange at all. Apparently this bloke hasn't been around artists or colonies. I haven't even been able to overturn seduction. I would probably implement business logic in Lua and do routing/messaging/connection handling with Erlang. Stackless might work, it would be great for a prototype. Too bad there isn't a Python on Lua or a Python to Lua translator. The Lua runtime is soo much better and less resource intensive. I think if I wanted to round out the mix I would add in BP Halliburton Xe Services (Blackwater Worldwide) The creation of roundup resistent crops is possibly the worst mistakes that the human race has ever made. It took what 3-5 years to make roundup impervious parasites? Terminator seeds that can't actually create a viable organism? You have to go back to the source (Monsanto) every year. Mono-cultures and engineered genetic pollution. Monsanto shouldn't exist. I love the idea that ethics should be a hobby one does after their day job. We get angry about things like that because if a small group of really smart people strike out on their own to change the world and do good and yet put out a press release saying how "excited" they are to be working with such an amoral company, it just vacates our idealistic world view. We can't stop Apple selling MacBooks to Monstanto. Apple makes tools and doesn't ask how they get used (nor should it have to). But a small cloud startup, different picture. One is active and one is passive. You can buy and use Roundup w/o using their GMO seeds. Using Roundup isn't a sign of malfeasance. I can go by Roundup at Walmart, http://www.walmart.com/ip/Roundup-Weed-Grass-Killer-Concentr... doesn't mean I committed contract fraud with Monsanto. 1) Their seeds spread contaminating other farmer's fields. Once GMO is out in the wild, nothing can be pristine anymore. I wouldn't be surprised to find Monsanto genetics having made its way into humans in 20 years. 2) By "bombing their fields" with herbicide (biocide, you can't make something that only poisons one class of organism like this) AND genetically modifying the crops to be resistent to the biocide you are creating a perfect storm to quickly develop resistent parasites. Now everyone has to use your system , because there is no other way to have a crop survive due to super-bugs. This is a direct parallel of the SUV insanity. Vast numbers of people drive SUVs because they don't want to be in a car hit by an SUV. > wouldn't be surprised. There is much we don't know. There are many processes of ongoing genetic transfer. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horizontal_gene_transfer Next time ask for clarification. Ok, but based on the die size and the transistor count we could have had 12 Thuban cores in the same amount of space. It really feels like if we are going to go with more cores, why not make them simpler? Why not dust off the old Athlon K7 at 37 million transistors. Roughly 54 of those fit into the 2 billion transistors making up the 8 core bulldozer. Bulldozer has an Itanic feel to it, no that is too harsh, it has a P4 feel to it. I really feel like desktops are done, GPUs have this biggest effect on desktop perf right now. It would seem to focus on the fusion A series parts and the server. As a server side dev, I would rather have more cores (more cache actually). I don't need memory coherency (that should be mitigated by the hypervisor). bacteria to jellyfish (not proven) http://www.nature.com/news/2008/080928/full/news.2008.1134.h... Now I have some prions to go BBQ. Nor do they have morals or ethics. Only profit. IRobot is also helping America conduct safer wars. Where is the humanism is that? An employee emoting isn't the company or its actions. I am going to sound callous here, the human race can make more people. The level of shit-getting-fucked up by Monsanto could make it really hard to make new people. In long term shittery, Monsanto beats Cisco. The solution to pollution is dilution. If everyone is doing it, we should each take 1/1e6 of the blame. I was railing against the idea that business is one thing, and that as long as behavior is not illegal that it is ok. I feel like we are infected with a more virulent form of 1905. Ethics exist everywhere for all time, they don't belong in a free speech zone. The idea that, business is business. Of course it is, that is a tautology. We both did the snarky comment dance. I am going to outline an analogous skit, imagine you are at a cocktail party with a bunch of friends and this dude is there and he is funny and charming, but his barbs dig too deep he drinks too much wine and he tries to sow the seeds of discontent between you and your girl friend. You exclaim to your friends that his guy is total narcissistic ass and you want him out. Ahhh they tell you, tptacek, that guy isn't a person, he is a business. He doesn't have to follow the same social norms we do. Then they would be lynched. You are being over pedantic. This isn't a debate, which btw. Debates aren't about arriving at the truth, they are about winning arguments by whatever means necessary. Much like business. Do you read this? http://reason.com/ I don't think power is it. Your saying the K7 generates more heat per computation (more inefficient use of transistors) than the newer cores? I was about to conflate power usage with computational work, not necessarily the same thing... The power will drop using the new process because the voltage is much much lower (1v vs 2v) I remember the K7 doing just over 1 GOP (giga operation per second), so that would put the whole cluster in 50 GOP range (if clocked at only 1Ghz like the Thunderbird). I wasn't being directly literal, I will allow these mythical engineers that work for me using all the 2 billion transistors to refine things from previous designs. germans already solved this to recover shredded stasi documents. take german solution, profit. http://www.iiconservation.org/news/?p=55 http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/unshredding_1.... ffmpeg already can transcode from alac to flac, I rip with itunes and transcode to flac for my Sansa Clip. ffmpeg renamed themselves to libav But if the company is full of Raging Brogrammers, it is good to call it out from the beginning. Same problem as over hiring programmers (getting compiler hackers when you are working on a CRUD app). http://lwn.net/Articles/433347/ And the turkey buzzards from the Dark Crystal, wall street, the military, Wall Street, political parties, academia so ummm nearly everything. It is difficult for human groups to be open minded and self critical of their own belief systems. Stallman and GNU effectively ended the market for high priced proprietary dev tools. As a tool builder and user this is good and bad. That whole market segment has been removed for consideration and now the tool builder/user can sell their creations (the part that solves non-builder's problems while now giving away the tools they create while solving the user's problems). This transition has been very liberating. Now anyone with a modest hardware investment can have some of the best tools in the world to solve problems with. Amazing times. My first C/C++ compiler cost nearly as much as the machine it ran on. This will never happen again and we can thank the GNU ecoSystem for jump starting the new ground rules. I dumbfounded by all the awesome software I can use to build larger systems with everyday, literally millions of dollars worth of assets. Anyone anywhere could do this, with only food, water, hardware, electricity and internet. Since we value individual freedoms the most, the author decides what do with their software. Author's Choice. If you dont like the license on GPLd software, recode it and release as BSD. Go compete in the marketplace of ideas. GNU tools have profoundly changed the Microsoft platform, I remember when http://www.delorie.com/djgpp/ came out, everyone could get a legit C compiler for DOS/Windows. This was a huge deal. Microsoft did its damnedest to kill Borland and its inexpensive tools. Proprietary dev tools still exist, true, but the landscape is so vastly different. Even my favorite IDE IntelliJ has the source released under a BSD license, I actually reupped my license when they did this. Take the list of new YC companies and extrapolate what PG thinks is important. Might not have any bearing on reality, these startups are designed to get flipped so the goals of YC are different the larger body. They take pictures and make posters for upcoming shows? Why not trailers? I think because video production of plays is difficult, their time scales are compressed often still tweaking things directly before opening night. You would pretty much have to dedicate 1 or 2 hrs of the entire casts time just for filming enough footage for a 30 second spot. It is interesting but I think difficult. If you can have a small crew, not take much time and get an edit out quickly. You might be able to charge at most maybe 2k for a fully edited trailer. Probably more on the 1k or less scale. http://www.broadway.com/ You mean like when I debug a script as ipython>import foo as t ipython>t.test(10,20) ipython>reload t Roughly 2/3rds of this guy's rant is off base. Maybe if he had flushed out his arguments with citations, but seriously. It is all opinion. Reasoning with opinion is dumb. I am with you, it seems like a knee jerk reaction to call all exec or eval code bad. Complexity has been pushed into a library, and the amount of clarity that namedtuple adds is more than it has "hurt" by its use of exec. You just got stabbed by an ironicaltite You mean like when head rolled over watergate but not Valerie Plame? Or because since we all watch torture on 24 it makes gitmo ok? Or Rush redefines the word hypocrite and the people still flock to him like Jesus? or Obama reneges on his promises. He is effectively are more weller spoke Bush. I don't think we lost honor, I don't think we had it, but I do think we have lost nearly all sense of caring. I think he is actually really bummed because his worldview is incongruent with how Darwinian and shitty the world actually is. Optimists take it the hardest. "the optimists don't make it out of vietnam" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Stockdale At least is spawned a discussion here, but the lead is so full of flawed reasoning by analogy that it made me sick as a rainbow. I would use a full web hosted IDE, that way everyone can just click and they have a usable dev environment running. The mechanics of programming are orthogonal and often much harder than programming itself. Skip the dev env setup and go directly to solving problem. Next, they need to understand WHY they are solving problems. Teach them high level concepts and then low level implementation. Induction, recursion, depth first, breadth first traversal. The New Turing Omnibus is a great place to start for algorithms plus applications. Python is OK, but I think too mutable. Scheme is way more powerful, maybe something like a cross between Scheme and Python, OCaml Lite in the browser? PHaus was saying that professional writers have ulterior motives (what ever those are) and that we should discount the communication of people who are professionals. Only amateurs can be impartial. No wait, I just put words in his mouth AND made a straw man. Now I am confused. Too late, too soon. Go kill more elephants. joker.com is awesome. Have you taken a look at the Ngaro VM over at http://retroforth.org/docs/html/Implementations.html ? Beautiful abstractions in Mako btw. I like it. Did you see the recent discussion on the VM used in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Another_World_(video_game) http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/no0dy/another_w... From what I can tell IBNIZ is meant as an ultra minimal target for demos. Not necessarily end user games. I think it is probably overly constrained. Much like a http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lipogram 2.7 if you want to release anything AND consume other libraries. 3 if you never intend on using other than a learning exercise or will write everything from scratch. It looks like many people assume this to be so but haven't done the benchmarks. FDE is going to be a much smaller hit than say anti-virus software. Encryption routines have been highly optimized into the multi gigabytes per second range. An idling CPU and a slightly loaded CPU use about the same amount of energy. I think my Q6600 quad used 190W @ idle and running full tilt cpu (ray tracing) it was using 220W. For FDE it depends on how much IO you are doing. I doubt it will make even a 0.01 difference in your daily power consumption. Knox is a better UI for the bultin in folder encryption on OSX? Lets do this?! We could buy anything, dispute the validity of said item, send them pictures of the destruction (keeping the original) and PROFIT! All these years of collecting underpants have paid off. Why did you just step in such an egregious folly of "your mom?" was that your intent? Cool. I already do something similar with encrypted sparseimages, I will give this a try. You should use a kill-a-watt and measure it. Probably less than you think. Laptops already on the edge of their thermal envelopes, anything above their low steady state (browsing, listening to music) will cause the fans to spin. If I have time this weekend I will pop the battery on my macbook and do an erlang compile on an encrypted sparse image both on the rotational drive and the ssd. I'll report back on how much energy was consumed for (encrypted,non-encrypted) x (ssd,rotational) batteries derate rapidly as the current draw goes up. They are not linear. For my own edification it would be nice to know what kind of energy hit encryption takes on both storage mediums. I had the same question. Any results? While you are at it could you support alternate syntaxes for the same Expr ? Perhaps encoding the syntax version at the top of the file or setting the reader at the top of the file? For those porting matlab code over either provide a tool to translate the source or put the reader in matlab compatible mode. Some of those dying humans would like nothing more than to research and save insects. What we do in our life defines us. We all die. On the scale of human activities to cease, preservation of an insect species isn't something I would stop. There are much more fruitful candidates. Which is exactly why if we want to survive a nuclear war we need to start cross breeding with black rats and probably cockroaches. Another option which they probably explored was creating more habitat for them on Ball's Pyramid. Maybe somewhere far away from the original area or increase the cricket supply? I do not envy being in that situation, where a mistake seals the fate of a pretty awesome bug. They can survive in harsher environments using less energy. Wasn't actually thinking about a rad-hard organism. Maybe throw in some flatworm, someone has to have a robust error-correcting code system built into their genetics. Granted we would have to figure out a different neuro chemistry or physiology for having human level cognition on a much smaller energy budget. Because the market size is currently bigger than that [[ keep reading, I am wrong ]]. Lets take 900 million people in the western world (rich like us) x $10 x 12 months ~ 100 billion for movies and tv (independent of ad revenue, etc). This is the upper bound of course, then there is the middle 2 billion people who can watch but have more limited means (no streaming, other formats, etc). So yes, $10 is a perfectly viable number. They just don't want it to be. Still $10 a is in the order of magnitude. Some will pay zero, some will pay 20 - 30 (netflix,itunes,amazon,etc). Favor the machines over a pat-down. They would actually _prefere_ neither. You can find the line number that the func was defined in and reparse the source. I do this in quite a few decorators that need source. The other option is to wrap the thing decorated in a doc string @fancy_source_needing_decorator def foo(s): """ put some haskell or DSL stuff in here """ Then you don't have to reparse the source, etc etc, but it still gets packaged as a function. internet is the new tv Can I get infected with this bacteria? If I get it in my lungs will it poison me with biofuel? Two options that can be used at the same time . Use brew to install command line apps and other utilities. Use Linux in a VM and install servers and what not in the VM. Use file system sharing to make the Linux side appear seem less. Processing is way way cleaner than PyGame. It is nice that people are creating interesting things in PyGame but I think more good would come about if it didn't exist so something better could flourish. And I say this as a python programmer since 1998. At the risk of sounding like a negative-nancy the problem he is fixing is the artificial impedance mismatch that was constructed ON PURPOSE by Ian Bicking when he created WSGI. Composability is one of the most powerful concepts we have. WSGI wasn't mistake-proofing middle-ware by making the protocols different, he was breaking composability that is now being fixed by Kenneth et al. Thank You! But let us not allow these mistakes to be made again. You can get the same effect using a VM. Installing Linux on Mac hardware is __way__ harder than you think. After building a bootable linux usb key for a macbook, I will never do this again. It literally felt like I was using a sparc station to boot DOS. not cool. That said, I use linux VMs on my macs all the time. It feels natural, in fact it feels RIGHT. When I was mostly using desktop linux, I still did the bulk of my server side work in VMs under VMWare Workstation. So not much has changed, just that my window manager is made by apple. Two issues ... There shouldn't be "a community" there should be multiple communities, otherwise there will always be an 'in crowd' Second issue: quora has a multidimensional filtering problem and this goes back to point 1. There will always be an element of digg/reddit/4chan in everything. To try and remove it is futile, just try to keep it discernable from the content you care about, maybe the 4chan stuff is your bag and you don't want the high brow shit, so be it ... Why is the metadata so important to so many people on HN? I don't understand it. Is it a mechanism to find the best comments in a thread? Is it a visualization issue? Is it ego? Is it a voting mechanism to know what others think is important? I honestly do not know. Up/down is the wrong direction for the arrows I think. Left right, meaning on-topic/off-topic ? One of the problems I think is that there are so many dimensions represented by two simple little arrows that it is difficult for the system (the web software itself) to discern the intent, so it turns into a popularity (I agree,I disagree) button. But if you had a button for each piece of information it would look like [] well written [] well thought out [] agree [] disagree [] poorly written [] funny [] off topic For bonus points they would be in a random order in the UI so people wouldn't develop muscle memory voting on comments. I love this idea and I think they have a defensible position. But to make it even MORE defensible create an extra mapping layer, new text book -> old (expired copyright textbook) and use that as the outline in addition to the new text book. Material from the old textbook could be used verbatim (the seed if u will) and then supporting to supplanting information could be fused into it. In my appeal-to-status-quo, Has no-one learned before? , big-textbook over inflates their importance. Fighting ideas is difficult, first you have to understand it. Fighting the manifestation of an idea doesn't require that understanding. Or something. Can you copyright the voicing and structure of a document? Even if the replacing source material was not constructed with that intent? At what point does have a structural similarity to a book turn into a copyright violation? Copyright is for the work itself. The physical manifestation of those words in that order. It isn't a lock on the ideas expressed with those words. Reproducing another writers outline is not a violation of copyright. Yeah, the buttons get out of hand, but the information they would represent is greatly needed. And how do you encourage people to rate what they read and interacted with? Based on the stats people post about the amount of traffic driven by an HN or Reddit submission ... the vast majority of users don't interact via any sort of voting mechanism at all. I am working on a site now that is heavily based on passive activity voting, users have no idea how their actions are being used by the site to rank itself. Their inputs have much less weight than purposeful actions where both parties are aware of the event. It is almost like you need an agent that votes in certain public ways (sentiment analysis,summarization,etc) to decide if comments snarky, funny, off topic, etc. On the converse, if the older people can amass power and karma new people can't move it. I don't have a solution. I am not sure there is one or that it could be "fixed" Maybe semi-intelligent Eliza like agents that constantly clean the place up. Stackoverflow has done a pretty decent job I think. Wikipedia could use some work. ---- I think the base set of rules need to be codified by the system. The users can guide each other and the system, but the system itself should be stable. When you start talking about latency, you are inherently talking about Amdahl's Law because the question that gets begged is, "can we make amount of work X complete in less time with more processing power Y" ? And in your problem domain of video coding, esp if it is for real-time face to face communication or telematics, latency matters. So Amdahl's Law matters because it dictates the bound on latency. Doing more work X (making the pie bigger) in about the same time as Y is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gustafson%27s_Law , latency, like the time of light it is one of those physical universal properties we won't be able to tech our way out of. Latency is inherently a serial problem. What changes when we could try every solution at the same time? Nearly all hard problems we are solving right now don't need to have exact solution. They can be time bounded or quality bounded or both. What we lack is a clarity in being able to create algorithms that are probabilistic and progressive. Algorithms that refine and converge towards a solution over time. Better languages can help with that. Here are some examples of probabilistic parallel minimax algorithms. http://www.top-5000.nl/ps/Parallel%20randomized%20best-first... http://www.math.md/files/basm/y2010-n1/y2010-n1-(pp33-46).pd... I use functional programming because I lack the mental ability to hold so much state in my head. A friend of mine is a badass at programming in C++ using threads. I don't and will not have the ability he does. So I use FP and my programs are correct and by being functional the options to speed up my code are also easily proved correct. Being able to handle large amounts of complexity and being ok with it is not necessarily a good thing. If I could reason like a compiler I would probably just use a flat memory model and address each byte individually. How about if there was a glyph or color that denoted the amount of votes,views,etc? I think one of the issues was putting a numeric score on an item encouraged upvoting already popular comments. What keeps one from implementing a pure javascript implementation that renders to canvas? Do we need browsers to support formats anymore? With WebGL, WebCL, high speed JS and the canvas tag don't we have everything we need? reading that bug report made me cry. The use of MNG in one session of web browsing would have saved more bandwidth than used by the extra space in the installer. wtf. Remove land ownership as a form of investment? U own it and live in it or u don't. - urls are too long - hit refresh when there is a flash problem, boots me out - no ability to type messages - should alert user to turn of flash block What is interesting is how little code it took. in riak_mongo/src 33 riak_mongo.app.src 42 riak_mongo.erl 342 riak_mongo_bson.erl 176 riak_mongo_message.erl 197 riak_mongo_protocol.erl 214 riak_mongo_query.erl 471 riak_mongo_riak.erl 56 riak_mongo_server.erl 38 riak_mongo_sup.erl 74 riak_mongo_worker.erl 38 riak_mongo_worker_sup.erl 1681 total I am trying to promulgate a neologism of near-time, like real but a little more relaxed. Like the version of time in the CAP theorem. Soon but not like, soon within a bounds. Soon. Real-time needs to be taken within a context. Your realtime is probably way sloppy for like say laser that starts fusion reactions. If I were baking a pizza, my watchdog could be set to 5 seconds and be ok (provided the thermal inertia of the oven wasn't ridiculous and my heat source wasn't the said laser). Near-time. The future is in the near. Apropos, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7E-aoXLZGY it would seem this whole topic is rather inflammable. knowledge is energy, being able to apply knowledge to a situation is power. but they were probably more diligent in the writing they did do. now writing is trash. writing is another form of informal speech. What others haven't said is that, writing is both the formulation of logical thoughts and the communication of those thoughts so they can be understood by another person. Writing and logic go hand and wrench. OSX 10.6.8 still has Python 2.6 as the system Python. The writing is so hard to read ... Motion tracking quadcopters that are designed to carry explosive payloads larger than grenades are already being developed. If Bezos loosened up control, there could be an EXCELLENT secondary market of colocation space directly connected to AWS in all zones. The Mall next to the Mall, still makes the Mall the main attraction. Give me 10GE, infiniband, etc out the back door of an AWS data center and I will give u the world! I would limit the problem domain so that delegation is easier. 1) submit unit tests in format XYZ 2) tests pass 3) receive code Generate high level reports off of submitted code (kloc, cyclomatic, whathavs). Another one would be Design the urls for a REST interface and the JSON responses, worker implements code to support REST using framework A/B/C. Or, implement algorithm in paper FOO using Python, Julia or Ocaml, should be able to read this dataset... It has to be fairly constrained or else it is hard to specify and complete projects. They should come back within the same order of magnitude that one would complete them in anyway w/o either party being overworked. One could also, instead of money, implement it as a sort of quid-pro-quo, I see a simple task (for me) that I could knock out, this gives me credits to spend on other projects. Virtual currency of code. Also, licensing is an issue. I wouldn't want to work on code I couldn't keep. This just seems wrong to me. The only way I am ok with it, is if the rates are really high and that doesn't seem amenable to a site like this. Another one could be generate skeleton sample applications. I am often trying to wire together a bunch of technologies and if someone built a 300-500 line toy sample app that I could take an extend this would go a long way. Examples ... Take d3.js and cubism.js, generating time series plots from data out of a postgres database using tornado or flask. Use spring,jdbc template,jetty,redis,jackson,jersey to create a caching web server pulling data from postgres, caching into redis and returning JSON data. Use this sample schema and JSON payload for the sketch. OMG. Seriously. I am going to go make a pitch for VC money. Thankyou. U should build a hackintosh using E5 Xeons http://vr-zone.com/articles/ultimate-8-core-matx-powerhouse-xeon-e5-2690-r4g-7970dcii-and-more-/15123.html http://www.macbreaker.com/2012/04/ultimate-xeon-hackintosh-server.html On an e-ink kindle. Thanks. How often are you in Seattle? If the goal is to get a working app in the hands of people that need it. Have an android app created that can be easily sideloaded (this could be done on iOS will more burden). You have a portable computer, treat it like one. There are no rules when your children's well being is at stake. ---- The ipad should be a) backed up, b) put in airplane mode. Is there an android app for this? Software that allows people to speak shouldn't be patented. Or if it is, it should be licensed for $1. His example is poor, but the message is that the body of a record can cross line boundaries. While the UNIX tool chain is predicated on the concept line == record, this doesn't have to be the case. With a generic record level marshalling system the class of problems solved by composing command line tools together would be greatly expanded. What Pike describes is analogous to the RecordReader in Hadoop. rip. His cracking, reversing and searching tutorials are an amazing body of work. Damn this thing is dangerous. It should never be within its most extended position away from people. How is it is massive overkill? The total amount of structure is the same in both of the solutions. Only in the one you mention it has less gates. Same amount of input resources. Gates a free. 5 years from now kids will be making LEDs blink using vixie cron and a python script talking the GPIO lines of a 32 microprocessor and this is O.K. Without access to the rest of the market, I think people will be a little pissed. Just donated 50 euro to wikileaks and 50 lbs to Assange. That is what the Utah DC is for. But if we really believe that, and we believe the nation will further slide in a fascist state then we probably shouldn't say _anything_ online or over the phone. Obama is making us less of a hypocrite. If we codify our behavior as lawful everything is legit, no? We need to encourage people to speak their mind. Can everyone be an enemy of the state? There is strength and anonymity in many voices, many who would not speak, do. I suppose they could automate the persecution of dissidents by denying them services or charging them more taxes. That way there wouldn't be a labor shortage for actually carrying out persecution. Can you cite people being jailed for supporting Communism or denouncing wars under Obama. Not that he hasn't done shitty stuff, assassinations of american citizens, torture of Bradley Manning and GitMo is still open. I have an idea for an open platform that just has PCIe slots and fpgas. 3rd parties can write the firmware that runs on the FPGA layer. Add in banks of DIMM slots and you can run memcache or redis directly on the minimal box. No operating system. Since network cards boot PXE, the firmware on the device could get loaded over the network. Routing tables could get compiled from a HLL -> Verilog -> FPGA. What do you think? You are correct, this couldn't initially. What the platform I outlined has is flexibility and cost. But mostly flexibility. Probably the high end of port density would be ~40 (using dual port nics) and this would be for 2u. But you could start to run stuff on the switch that his historically run with ha proxy, varnish, nginx, etc. If there are sata ports, one could code themselves a backblaze pod that doesn't suck and include grep directly on the stata port. That is great for research purposes. This platform would use off the shelf PCIe NICs and ram. I think of it as the PostgreSQL of networking gear, cheap and all purpose. It won't have speed or density but it would have robustness and flexibility. Services that currently run on general purpose servers could get targeted towards open network hardware platforms. I don't have any proof, but I don't think there would be shortage of people doing interesting things like making hardware in memory key value stores. FPGAs would be cost competitive in a system like this. Routing multiple 100MB/s streams of shouldn't be a problem. Convinced? Maybe a little? Haven't used your app but you could segment the page and then allow people to annotate objects, this could guide the html generation. I really like this, thanks for the pointer. I didn't check it out much, but at the local sporting goods store in Seattle (Big-5) I saw a single speed with 700c rims, steel frame for about $110 I think maybe more maybe less. If the crappy bike manufacturers of the world aren't making simple steel utilitarian bikes, they should be. I'd buy one and I already have 2 bikes. Steel frame, steel handlebars (for safety), sealed bottom bracket, 5 speed rear derailleur and friction disc brakes. 25-30 lbs is fine. Doesn't need any aluminum except for the rims and the chainring. This bike is most likely (some large percentage) glue. It is basically a fiberglass and epoxy design only using cardboard. Recycling THIS thing is going to be a real bitch. I think it should be built, but it isn't an _answer_ to anything other than human curiosity. Sharks with lasers protection system included at no charge? That is reeediculous! Lemme guess, comes with a brooks saddle and flask pouche? On redis 2.6 you can use Lua, reductions over lists could be done directly on the server. I http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOZ3Xt6ZMBA&t=6m15s David Sloan on the evolution of egg laying hens. See the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Replicator_equation You mean like this, http://salestores.com/tenma727218c.html?gclid=CLqlss7l5bECFW...