No. They already have the lowest memory footprint. They don't need to figure out that they need to fix memory leaks, since they are doing it with great success. But it will help them identify and fix current and future leaks. No, they made 13 million in their first quarter this year - the same as they did all of the last year. It is not unreasonable to expect them to reach the 100 million goal. They are growing their income at a fast rate, so it is fair to say they are on track. People are always complaining about existing features being lost. "I am not using firefox again until they reinstate the back button!" I see this kind of stuff on reddit and slashdot all the time. Is it some sort of FUD campaign against Firefox? Click view > Enter Fullscreen You can also use F11, unless you set OSX to high-jack that button. You can also use the fullscreen button in the top right corner on lion versions of OSX. So it was because they wanted people to move to Google+, like everybody has been saying since day 1. Let's assume he took weekends off, so he had 3 x (365 + 183 - 150) = 1194 hours of study. In that time he learned to read and write 3000 characters in context. How is this a bad example of language aqcuisition? It sounds to me like the guy learned what he was studying, and learned it very efficiently. If I remember correctly, most school curricular will have you learn 3000 characters in 3 years, and most students won't be proficient in them when finishing. Ofcourse, if his goal was to chit-chat about the weather, then obviously he wouldn't learn that since he didn't practice it, but it sounds like he could read a newspaper after only 1.5 years of study, which I for one find rather impressive. In Denmark photos are expected too. The argument is, that it gives you a better impression of the person. You do it for the same reason as why you show up to the interview in a suit and tie. As for the race arguement: If the employer is going to cut you based on race or looks, it's better to save both of you time and cut out the first interview. It is also commonplace in Japan and Korea. Other people in this thread seem to imply this is a 3rd world kinda thing. Not at all. The way I read it was that it is surprising that it is there at all. Apparently a lot of android devices don't have one, and don't have time to collect pseudo random data for their software rng to make secure certificates when you boot it for the first time, which posses a security risk for android devices. That's how I read the article in relation to recent news. If you are connected to the internet, why not get your randomness from http://www.random.org/ ? 840 usd for an off-contract high-end smartphone isn't unreasonable. A 64gb iPhone 5 off-contract is more expensive, and that's half the space. So yes, you can compare it to current devices, and it sounds like it is beating them. How would you run cron without cron? And it only checks if it needs to run a job at page load, it doesn't actually run it everytime, which isn't that big of a deal to check. Wordpress has a very high focus on readable code which does seem to affect it's speed. But it is easy to use, setup and hack, which is why it is popular. And as Yahoo and wordpress.com clearly shows, it does scale. The iPhone is priced at over 600usd unlocked. From 720usd in Hong Kong, which match US pricing very closely ( can't find it on apple's us store unlocked) I don't think it's naive to price a high end phone above what is essentially the most mainstream phone available. Which they didn't considering theirs have 128gb memory. Who the hell knows which month they signed up? I signed up over 6 years ago. I think it is unfair to expect people to save their original email confirmation mail for upwards to 10 years (skype was released in 2003), especially given that nowhere in the mail it says that this is really important to keep. Given that netflix offers 1 month free subscription, I kinda get why they won't delete accounts completely. Else people could just sign up, delete and sign up again for free netflix. Gathering question answer pairs for training their answering algorithm in google search. Bookmarks bar is hidden by default. Don't complain about your own customization. https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/fx/?utm_source=firefox... That is simply not true. You could not write a whole CMS with plugin-api, template system, image manipulation, user roles, auto-installer (and auto updater of plug-ins and entire install), comments system, image galleries, media manager as well as a administration backend (that mind you not only needs to work, but also needs to be designed visually) as well as a high quality default theme. Where do you guys get off saying such things? It's a completely absurd statement. Of course you can't do that. Except that doesn't work for: * 100's of people over long timespans. * Remembering what that person you met at the bar last night was called. Figuring out who "insert random name you stumbled upon in your phonebook" is. Modern humans have networks way bigger than we can handle in just our mind and we need written records (contact books, diaries, letters, business cards, whatever) in order to be able to handle large quantities of data, such as these social and professional networks we tend to keep. This app is great. It doesn't support the phonetic spelling fields, though. It also needs email and note fields. When clicking a contact from the left-hand menu, it doesn't show the location. So there is lot's of room for development, but this start is sleek and extremely handy! I have already paid for an app that only does half of this one, and I am willing to pay again to get a fuller set of features! My personal hack for helping remember people is I use the company field as a tag. So people I meet in a bar will get the bar name in that field, people from school will get the school name, people from work, will get work name, clubs etc. The nice thing about this is you can search for company name, so I can just type in "study group" and I get all the contacts in my study group up as a result. No, because just before the quoted sentence he qualifies the success criteria to be largest share of the only growing PC segment. Even the incumbent is the largest, as long as it is declining, and the challenger, albeit small, but is growing, the challenger is usually considered a success in the market place. >It is now they who depend on Canonical to reach and interact >with the vast majority of FLOSS desktop users. It doesn't say depend on to be able to write code. Or depend on to be able to have a github account. Or depend on to be able to exist. It says depend on to reach and interact with the vast majority of FLOSS desktop users. Yes you will. You just don't have free access to it online. Why is that retarded? You've never been to China, have you? Access to gmail is spotty and unreliable, like most other google services. Android phones connect to Chinese android market and most have alternative chinese only app markets. If google where to stop access to android market, people would get pissed, but switch app-provider. For the rest, these are barely used services. I don't even think hangouts are accessible, since it's a part of Google+, which is blocked. Maps? Year, it's nice, but so is Baidu maps. Picasa? Which economy is impacted by picasa? > China's weakness is they cannot censor where it crimps the economy too much. It's brilliant. While this is true, google is not one of them. esc stops page loading, not javascript execution. Gmail is essentially a javascript application. As someone who doesn't really know anything about scala, why is this a cool thing? While such an early release is definitely aimed at scala enthusiast, I'd still like a sales pitch for the rest of us. It'll be on non-apple devices. hasn't this always been possible with a desktop email client? Because expectations and demands for stability in mobile devices are still much higher than on laptops and desktops. If I start a game that requires too much horsepower on my PC, then sure, maybe the thing freezes or take a long time to get responsive and if I recieve a skype call in that instance, I actually expect it to fail. Not on a phone. No matter what I am doing, I expect SMS's and phonecalls to be accepted. No excuses. "Something" doesn't have to be a full on attack. While it is hard to say what Google expects to do or not to do, it does seem like Google are building an app platform on Chrome in parallel to the so called web app platform (HTML5 + Javascript). > * Images are now loaded through a proxy, which means that all tracking images will no longer provide information like cookies, IP associated with the account, etc - the only information they'll provide is "this specific email was viewed by someone, somewhere." No, if you know who you are mailing, you can add their ID to the link of your tracking image, so you know exactly who opened the mail. Yes, but yours had a shitty point. It would also be easier to just manually fill out those pages than to develop a PDF that can be auto-read by all of them. But what's the fun in that? Why would you not want it to remember undo's from last time you had a file open? Let's say an hour of my time is worth $20, which is what I currently make at my student job, so it's pretty fair to call that my going rate. Could I learn to be productive in emacs in 4 hours? I can't. I've tried. SublimeText is like buying one more textbook, but one that I will use extensively in all my courses, unlike most of my books, that get little use in just one course. I still don't get it. If an insecure protocol with an insecure implementation can send messages that others can't read, how is it insecure? You miss understood a lot of the points in this review. * Low-end smart-phone should not do basic things such as calling and texting worse than a low-end feature phone (dumb phones). Author is pining for his old, low-end feature phone after using ZTE Open * While adaptive search may not be a market place, if it looks like one to the user, then it will be percieved like one and confuse the user. * Platform ecosystem is a valid critiscism. The main criticism of windows mobile is lack of apps. While that is not the systems fault, MS are being active in improving this, since they know that this is the main feature of a modern smart phone. If Mozilla don't realize this either, they are in trouble. It may not be ffOS's fault that the twitter app is bad, by users don't want it if it doesn't have a good twitter app. * Critiscism of here maps should be directed at ffOS. Other maps exists, mozilla has strong ties with Google, Mozilla chose this one as default. Also see above. My limited experience with here maps from windows mobile showed me a great service, so maybe the author is off on this one. I don't know what the feature phone market looks like in Brazil, but if its anything like the Chinese, then it doesn't sound like the ZTE Open beats the feature phone market. I was getting a ffOS phone for christmas, until I realized that the only one available to me is a ZTE Open. It really does look like a crappy representative for ffOS, but if this is what Mozilla and ZTE decided on, then the software side should run more than decently. I'm glad to hear that the basic ffOS phones perform better than low-mid-range feature phones. I don't think my initial post made it very clear, but my critique of the ZTE Open was based on what the reviewer said (so basically hearsay) and he didn't seem impressed with that phone compared to his old Nokia. I'm very excited about ffOS, and do hope for its success. What made me jump with my initial post was the way you were excusing its shortcomings. Saying "it's not Mozilla/ffOS fault" that this and that don't work is a very dangerous stance to take. It is also one that most consumers will not understand. I very much appreciate this comeback. Very good points. You obvious know next to nothing about English syntax. Have you never wondered why you can learn python in a day or two, but not English or Chinese? First of, you need a huge dictionary of all words and rules for their conjugations. Then you need a huge rule set for bound morphemes. Which adjectives can you add 'ly' to in order to make them adverbs? There are literally hundreds if not thousands of bound morphemes and they can sometimes only be applied to certain words within certain word-classes. Then you need a huge rule set for when each word acts as a specific word class (is bank a noun or a verb? Is anime a noun or an adjective? Is like a verb or preposition? You know, "Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana", actually like can behave like several wordclasses) These are not solved problems yet, but we are getting very good at them now. We weren't 4 years ago. Failing that, you could also take and annotate word classes in thousands of pages of text, and then use a machine algorithm to apply similar annotations in the the text entered into the program. Unless you are expecting people to write articles for the Wall Street Journal, this might not be such a good route either. Word with Zotero makes for a rather painless thesis writing experience. Just remember to mark headlines as headings, and don't just change the font size of your headlines. It's easy to insert references to formulas, figures and graphs. LibreOffice + Zotero makes for the some fairly painless bibliography, table of content, internal figure referencing. If you need to build advanced graphs from large dataset, there is no painless way about it, but LaTex is in no way more difficult than the other options. OSX has built-in NLP tools? I tried doing a google search for it, but I can't find any documentation. Do any of you know anything about it? Thanks! There is one button that does anything on that website and that button replies to the one and only email in your temporary inbox. So ... How am I supposed to use this for anything? No, it says something about adwords compared to other google services. Normal predictors for shutting down google services doesn't apply to it, because it is very different in its behavior than other google services. That doesn't make it a bad algorithm. That one annoyed me too. The police stopped them on the grounds of actual threats of war and his reply is that they are not taken seriously. Actually it doesn't run great. It's so clunky you might as well just run it in the terminal. tl;dr: Emacs is forever, because I got used to the key-bindings. Seriously? So, when is this smart? The only remotely meaningful use-case for midnight being false I can think about is if you need way to check if a time is midnight? But it still seems easier to just check if time == 0.0 I think the not in "but not in others" is over-qualifying. Saying that Mozilla does not value gay rights because of 1000 dollars, donated once, indirectly associated with Mozilla is a crazy given how much they actually spend directly on supporting the cause yearly. I'm not saying that a care package for 1.000 dollars negates Eichs contribution. But you can't say they don't value gay rights either. >Is "Saddlesore Galactica" one of the worst episodes ever? No, and the graph in no way show that. From around season nine, episodes are mostly rated between 6.5-7.3, with a fair amount lying considerably lower than that and only a few outliers in the other direction. But as a 6.5'er, "Saddlesore Galactica" is a solid "poor" episode, like many, many others. But there are a substantial amount of episodes well below that one, and they are also scoring considerably lower. The clip shows are the truly "worst", despite having all the best punchlines. So one could argue that objectively they are the best. But that is also a poor argument. > Citations, or you are just promoting your opinion. This is an inherently flawed statement. If you follow the citations in a scientific paper at some point, the citations are going to end. A scientific article that consist only of citated information doesn't bring anything new to the table, it only summarises. You have the mozilla governance structure a little wrong. Mozilla owns the Firefox brand and license it to the Mozilla Corporation which in turn are responsible for development and deployment of Firefox. So while the corporation do have to answer to the foundation, they are not just a bunch of developers hired to "work on Firefox", they are very much responsible for everything Firefox, both day to day development and marketing, but also most long term stuff you can think of is the responsibility of the corporation. This was the main critique of the original article - that Apple and Google are blocking the open mobile web in order for native apps to thrive. Both Android and iOS are built around promoting apps. The web is a second class citizen. On iOS I would go as far as to say a third class citizen, since Apple are blocking the fast Javascript engine in native apps. This makes the idea of having an app as a simple web-wrapper much harder to accomplish. But if the systems were actually optimized for open web, then content producers could build 1 web-app, that could have important logic and graphic stored offline in an app container, while still being just as functional via direct web access. This could work great for 90% of all the apps that are basically just glorified websites. This of course is the main mission of FirefoxOS. The open web is only open if it is accessible by multiple clients. That is the open part. The point is that web access is diminishing in favor of app-access to services. A point the author of this article also completely fails to see the potential impact of. Conglomerate is not a Keiretsu and a keiretsu is not a conglomerate. Keiretsu is cross-ownership of shares centered around a bank. If you absolutely must use a Japanese term, go with Zaibatsu. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keiretsu http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zaibatsu Are you sure you have updated Firefox? My firefox ALWAYS asks me if I want to restore the previous session. It also allows me to choose which tabs/windows I want to restore. It also doesn't crash on this page either. There's a few things things that contribute to this: Market powers in Japan chose early on to advertise their websites not through URLs but through search keywords. They will literally ask you in advertisement to enter certain phrases in a search engine to let you find their web property. Japanese internet usage is traditionally based around cellphones, which traditionally were centered around portals. This is changing with smartphones. Japanese numbers don't lend themselves as easily as Chinese to these double meanings. Japanese words are quite long compared to Chinese ('wo', is Chinese for 'I', the Japanese equivelant is 'watashi') After reading this post and your other one, I stand corrected on my the last point. no. drm will still be an add-on, just like it is today. The DRM add-on will just change from flash/silverlight. DRM is a very real thing in todays web. What was the old logo? Is train/test split part of a normal statistics? When reading Japanese above your level, always pay attention to the words written in roman letters. They are a dead give away. They are awaiting certification from JATE and TELEC. http://www.jate.or.jp/english/ http://www.telec.or.jp/ENG/index.html Did any of them get the Super Mario reference? Why didn't you go with something more current as your theme? That's great! I actually didn't expect them to recognize the 8bit graphics. What really prompted me to ask was the "The princess is in another castle" reference at the end. My comment wasn't meant as "pay more attention", but as a genuine tip. From the text that linked to the Japanese article, there were mentions about certificate, and then a quick googling of the roman words would actually be enough for almost anybody to get the gist of the text. You got the full PDF without login? I got a HTML version with very poor quality pictures or asked to pay 9 dollars to create an account that can download the PDF. We are pretty close to driving a car, we have beat human facial recognition, we have very good weapons aiming. Tying it up to something with a very, very low false positive kill rate is the hard part, but we are very close with a lot of the components. Not to mention the pain of writing LaTex in east asian languages. This is really cool. I am currently studying NLP and ML and these are the kind of things I want to build to make the world a better place. I would love to read a post about the kinds of classifiers and features you use for this service. I'm not sure if the deadfly remark is some morbid joke, but I agree with the first half of your post. While it is a great gesture to a man many of us look up to and are grateful for his work, where will it end, if we need to pay tribute in the form of specs to all the losses of people involved in developing the open web? And so what if HN users are mostly on macs? “All have their worth and each contributes to the worth of the others.” Elected government officials from democratic countries and non-elected from non-democratic countries together. This is decided by politicians or bureaucrats representing government. I believe advisors from universities, think tanks and businesses are invited to speak. Why they keep it secret, I don't know. I'm pretty sure this is the remains of a Nokia strategy of not getting too deep into Microsoft. The release of X2 should probably be viewed in a similar light as the release of the N9, which was a platform that basically got axed on release by Nokia, because of Elop wanting to change direction to Windows as the main platform. But that decision came too late to halt the release of the N9, just like the finalization of the Nokia sale probably was too late for MS to halt the release of this one. More intuitive would be not having to know the command. Is it still "from" if my gmail is set to German or French? Anyway, I do think google solved this in to ways: type contact and from:contact is suggested If you rest the curser over a contact name, a box with an option to see all conversation appear. I've seen companies offer similar deals in Denmark. It can't possibly be a new concept in the US, can it? Most often they'll ask for 50%-100% of the first paycheck (hopefully after tax, or else nobody can pay that in Denmark!) There are still some rough edges, but definitely one of the best redesigns I have seen. + large, beautiful readable fonts + Search bar is a search bar and easy to find + unnecessary borders removed - Could use a little bit more branding - No change-language feature - Zoom disabled on mobile devices - Some elements needs size tuning Optimizing the news feed to prolong engagement times is a manipulation of emotions too. As far as I am to understand, most of the 1%'ers wealth is tied up in investments. And this is why they consider themselves the job creators. They invest in all sorts of companies and markets and without the initial investment to start a company, there wouldn't be anything for the middle-class to purchase with their middle class salary, not to say no one to pay that salary either. If they just bought gold and hid it in a vault, then I expect them not to consider themselves job creators. I'm learning Python as part of a data science class and not for building web apps. This article mentions a-ha moments in relation to Python conditionals. What is so special about Python conditionals? They seem pretty ordinary to me. A few websites manage to reimplement decent scrolling today, but I have yet to see scrolling that's better than standard behavior. This sounds like a move to have everyone use their own scrolling engine. Maybe we are at a point where there are too many novice user to care about interoperability, but I'm a big fan of the fact that my browser understands the content it renders and that I can run plugins to manipulate it. I daily highlight text to search for it, drag non-marked-up url's to the URL bar to open said links, change page layout for easier reading, translate words as my curser point to them, etc, etc. all features that flash pages used to break and a "canvas/webGl" world would appear to break as well. Searching for "pe ratio for google" in pennywhale doesn't return anything, while the same query in google actually returns the PE ratio for GOOG. I use python for datamining, and most of my work is done exploring data in iPython. > First, don't set any values in the outer scope that > aren't IN_ALL_CAPS. Things like parsing arguments are > best delegated to a function named main, so that any > internal variables in that function do not live in the > outer scope. How do I inspect variables in my main function after I get unexpected results? I always have my main logic live in the outer scope because I often inspect variables "after the fact" in iPython. How should I be doing this? Sounds like it was released. How else did it end up on TV? I thought the test at the end was way too difficult given the simple introduction to calculating probabilities. Simple 2 or 3 color icons might not win a lot, but there is also a whole genre of photo-realistic icons which would have a lot to gain from WebP like formats. The point of the article is that "streaming" books will be different than streaming music and video. Are there any good books that looks into this problem and how it came about? From the article I'm having a hard time figuring out if this new technique is a clustering algorithm, a feature reduction algorithm or dimensionality reduction algorithm It's not the type of website that decides what hosting price is expensive, it is the amount of visitors. If your site is visited enough to require non-trivial optimization, then 30 dollars a month is probably the least of your worries. How does this show if one battery is better than the other? Doesn't it just show how often he charges his batteries? >Wikipedia Zero cannot be sold as part of a bundle. Access > to the Wikimedia sites through Wikipedia Zero cannot be >sold through limited service bundles. Sounds to me like it is ONLY available in some sort of bundles. This is a brilliant display of the good that non-NN can bring to the world while showing the potential sliding slope. Interesting stuff. Is that really the same guy? How can someone who claims to have cheated people into believing he had build a 100 million dollar business be afraid of asking for a discount or a favor? Take a look at the introduction again and ask yourself if you are a busy bee or an evergreen user. I think he made a good use case for this browser, why is could work as a standalone product and why it can't stand alone in the market. The paper is The effect of language on economic behavior: Evidence from savings rates, health behaviors, and retirement assets MK Chen - The American Economic Review, 2013 http://scholar.google.dk/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=... 11 CM of rain an hour? 7.5 km in diameter? Those looks like typos to me. No, people from Beijing cannot read a text written in Shanghainese using simplified script. The only reason why they can read Cantonese is because pop music from Hong Kong is popular enough that most kids teach themselves enough to get the jist of the written lyrics. > But all these languages share a common character set, so that different dialect speakers can communicate in the written form even they couldn't understand each other orally. Since everyone in China is taught mandarin Chinese they tend to write to each other in mandarin. But you don't choose the same characters for the same words in Shanghainese as in Mandarin as in Cantonese. Is the information density measured in bits and bytes still higher? I find the tiles highly useful, and Mozilla metrics show that so does a large portion of their uses. I recently had to deal with a completely fresh Firefox and the empty tiles were quite annoying. A few years ago a Mozilla engineer talked about advertisement and how ads should not annoy users but benefit them. His example was high-end fashion magazines, which people happily buy - not despite most of the magazine consisting of ads - but because the magazine was mostly ads. The ads are beautiful and tells you what style is in vogue. Advertisement can be mutual beneficial. Ads are currently their only real form of income. If you use the search bar to look for Amazon items and buy something, Mozilla receives money, if you search Google with it and click an ad, Mozilla receives money. Mozilla may be a non-profit, but they are in the advertisement business already. No, the Mozilla Organization was kept alive by Netscape, with some other major corporation sponsoring full-time engineers. When Netscape bailed completely and the Mozilla Foundation was founded on a grant from Netscape, they started having to find their own revenue sources. And they did with Google. The Mozilla Corporation was founded in 2005 because Mozilla was generating so much cash (mainly from Google search), that they got in trouble with the IRS. That was only 2 years after the Mozilla Foundation was created! The bulk of their revenue has always been advertisement. As for code, they still very much rely on the open source model for new code. No, the Mozilla Organization was kept alive by Netscape, with some other major corporation sponsoring full-time engineers. When Netscape bailed completely and the Mozilla Foundation was founded on a grant from Netscape, they started having to find their own revenue sources. And they did with Google. The Mozilla Corporation was founded in 2005 because Mozilla was generating so much cash (mainly from Google search), that they got in trouble with the IRS. That was only 2 years after the Mozilla Foundation was created! The bulk of their revenue has always been advertisement. As for code, they still very much rely on the open source model for new code. What this experiment shows is there is no such thing as a perfect vision without knowing spheres and cubes. Or at least without knowing curved surfaces and corners This is the main reason I adopted zotero for my citation manager - it saves a local version of the resources I want to cite, preventing link rot and paywall from obstructing returning to an old research topic. If your bookmarking habit is article, rather than web-services, your bookmark manager needs a way of saving bookmarked content. "Give me something at a fifth of the price and I'll buy it" Sorry, but that's a crappy argument. Pony up the cost if that device is so important to you. http://the-digital-reader.com/2014/03/27/sonys-13-3-ereader-... No way? Sales tax in Denmark alone is 25% and then we haven't even begun talking about additional cost of running your business here. But if you found a shirt at uniqlo, haven't you already found a cheap shirt? Pants are easy to shorten, so if you find some that fits at uniqlo, except for being too long, have them shortened. They provide this service in-store at uniqlo in japan, I don't know about the US. In Denmark it's called candy floss. Guess the Danes couldn't decide on which name to use. Jack halpern is quite an interesting character and I feel the article sells him short when introducing him as a Japanese resident who speaks Yiddish. He has worked on one of the major Japanese character dictionaries as editor in chief and his company leases out databases of Chinese, Japanese and Korean character and this data is used by many of the major publishers of dictionaries. He has also published over 16 books. The guy is no stranger to the hard work required to build such a dictionary. More over he founded the unicycle foundation, which is responsible for the World Cup of unicycling. But in the end that wealth is based on people's belief that 500m users can be turned into a profit. I'm not sure how your example is more true. Reddit is one of the bigger investors in imgur. I think that's how it's a counter- example. I watched the video and clicked get started, looked at the screen and left. I still don't know what I should do or why. If you read the article you'd have seen that it does indeed question that very equation. With or without the buy button you are seeing the adds. No. Netflix is a rental service. If you are paying a recurring fee, and you only have access to the product as long as you pay the fee you are renting. Netflix main expense is not bandwidth it is content. But yes, if netflix started selling tv shows and movies like you suggest, drm free would be something consumers should demand. I think it is because it was a Japanese CEO and in my experience Japanese people really like to throw rock paper scissor for all sorts of things. So you gave the idea to Microsoft, then abandoned it and now you are angry someone from your team picked it up again and offered you shares? My understanding is that Apple just included the standard Japanese emoji set, to help sell iPhones in japan. For a long time they were even hidden on non-Japanese iPhones. The standard Japanese emoji set is pretty randomly put together and I don't remember my old keitai having that many country flags. It guessed the author based on the first sentence of that paragraph, not the last. I think you mostly hit the nail here. Google+ should have been a seamless (and transparent!) way of sharing content from all Google services. Instead it is a weird social network, seated between the seats of a twitter and a facebook clone. It's probably great for twitter style yelling in the wind, but it really looks like its a facebook style only-shared-with-mutual-friends kind of network. And Google services are awkwardly connected through G+. Are my pictures on Picasa or G+? And when they are on G+ are they shared with people I've added to my circles or with people following me? Or are they backed up until I decide to share them? This can all be controlled for sure, but it is completely non-obvious. It is the same with hangouts. If you go to google.com/hangouts (a google search for hangouts will take you there as well!) you get an ad for the hangout app for mobile devices. But if you want to access hangouts online you have to go to G+. And from G+ you can log out of hangouts (what?) so what is hangouts? Is it a seperate service or is it g+ chat? If it is G+ chat, then why do I get an email instead of a G+ notification when people write me on hangouts? The original iPhone was 600 dollars ON contract, which was later dropped to 500. Yes, some people figured out how to crack the SIM-lock, so they could use a different sim card and not activate the AT&T contract that you were supposed to activate when first connecting it to iTunes, but that's an edge case that doesn't change the fact that it was sold on contract. The 650 dollar price for iphone 6 is OFF contract. So the iPhone price has significantly dropped over the years. Because normal users with 3-400 friends don't care about most of the updates around. Your feed would be full of pages and comments and pictures that these people are liking. "Friend A likes comment by person you never heard of in an open group about something you don't know what is" would be littering your feed. Obviously you want some sort of filter on this data. You wouldn't want a live feed of all subreddits combined. At least not for normal consumption. Setting aside 3 whole hours can produce a surprisingly small amount of answers on an AMA. I don't think most famous people need the karma bad enough to even set aside that much time. It could very well be for monetary reasons. Many non-fiction books are written so as to give the author a possibility to go on a lecture tour, get hired as a consultant or what not. It might be geek specific for us/European customers, but my impression in China and japan is that most people use 3rd keyboards. In china all my Mac friends even used 3rd party keys on OSX! Why would they change? Except for sharing the name and some cross stock holding, they are separate companies. Last I checked, Softbank was the majority stockholder, but I'm guessing that has changed since Yahoo Mobile launched. There is no such thing as high and low context cultures. ALL culture is high context. 3.5 dollars? That's what 0.5 liters of cola cost in 7-11 in Denmark! If it is easier to learn an atomic language, wouldn't that then count as a genetic disposition towards atomic languages? Is PyCharm particularly good for scientific programming? I use Python for doing ML research on my masters, and I'm quite interested in a better environmnet,but pycharm looks like it is all about web development. What makes you think there's a linear relation between payload weight and cost? For scientific computing and machine learning Python is quite big, but it is all 2.x. Moreover, many people in the scientific community applying machine learning are biologists, neuroscientists, physicists and linguists. These people are NOT experience developers. These are experienced scientists. What is needed for these people to move to 3.x is mostly adequate library support and a good reason. Many of these will have a hard time understanding why they can't just write print "string" anymore. What is a text buffer? I use Sublime exclusively and I never "got" emacs and I just assumed it had something to do with me not knowing what text buffers are and where to access them in emacs. How much money does an article or a youtube video generate? It seems that this one article alone must have cost thousands of dollars in equipment alone. And while the iphone 6 bend video on youtube has almost 40 million hits now, the unbox therapy user who uploaded it hits less than 500.000 views on average for their other videos. I'm willing to believe that 40 million views on youtube can be monitized to pay for more than an iphone 6, but I'm not so sure about the 2-300k, so it seems like quite the investment to go around breaking phones. Usually the wife cashes the husbands pay check and gives the him an allowance, while she manages the household budget. I honestly don't think this is a big deal. The directory has been defacto dead for a long time. While it has the potential for privacy issues, it is also the basis for the entire product. The only way to build prediction is to have data. I think Nasty is a bit strong here. They just call them escorts. I'd expect it to go one of two ways: Either you just happen to see a lot of ads all over the web for bars and day trips in Thailand after you did a Facebook check-in at the airport saying you're on your way to Thailand Or The ads will be similar to what you see on FB, eg your friend Jonathan likes the new diet coke, why don't you try some, john? With the ad clearly outlined as not being part of the site with a "ad delivered by Facebook" disclaimer and clear FB styling. The people selling ad space as well as the people buying ads won't have access to your personal data, so yes, they will be able to utilize your "only me" personal data. You ask FB to target certain profiles and FB handles the rest. This is considered keeping your private data private (and rightly so IMHO, but I know some people who disagree) I don't know if the "like" buttons around the web respects the DoNotTrack, but I expect no changes in Facebook's tracking behaviour. You don't pay double to get the phone. You pay double to get the phone before everybody else. Wealthy Chinese are notorious for showing off their wealth. Well, they claim that is splits line just like TEX, so maybe it was just an unfortunate mix of wording and font. Kinda. The transformation from SILE code to HTML was apparently not completely flawless. While I didn't know that streaming music was more than twice the average music consumer spending, I have always believed that streaming does have the potential to raise consumers spending on music, but maybe not by a factor of 2-3 I'm actually quite surprised by this. Having worked as a contractor for Google, my impression is that they consider being an employee at Google as a brand in and by itself. My contract stated several times that I was not a Googler, and I was not hired by Google and I was not allowed to say "I work for Google"and if I start a company I am definitely not allowed to send out a press release saying "Ex-googler makes new start-up to solve ..." I fail to see how those examples wouldn't work just as well with a paypal like service for your money. No, shallow NN definitely overfits in normal circumstances. However, in this case they are building a shallow NN that is not learning a normal function, but is being trained to emulate a deep network of equivalent amount of parameters. Parents claim is that in that case, we don't have to worry about over fitting, since we want every result of target network to be as closely emulated as possible in the shallow network. A PGP plugin is special software. The and separates two independent clauses. I disagree. I think the point the article makes - that it was because of the war that people were more or less banning German. In turn, the people who would make grants stopped accepting research to be published in German. Had there not been a ban on German, then we probably would have native English speaking funders funding research published in German. You see this in in most non-English speaking countries where funders are not native English speakers but research is still published in English. I thought there were many robust open source solutions out there and what made dropbox the winner was not that it is able to reliably sync, but that they made it easy to install and sync. If you viewed this on a phone, you'd see that the table based layout is not up for the task either. Buhu, so you bought something for its long term utility that most people by for its bragging rights. I disagree with 2. If the app is not willing to function when being denied SMS access it should simply not be allowed on the app store. I have yet to meet an app on my iPhone that shuts down unrelated function because I denied it access to my calendar, SMS or phonebook. Python does the same, but it has a 1-line version of conditionals that is what the parent uses. Many Python programmers enjoy 1-liners, but I think once you start adding else statements to them they become unreadable. Why? It's quite common for ATM's to be running Windows XP, so maybe that is why this one is doing it as well. And ATM's and POS machines running XP do still receive security updates. I'm visiting Japan, but I don't read Japanese. When I visit this site everything is in Japanese without any button to change local. Apple and Ikea will redirect you to a url with country code in it (ikea.com/ja/en/bedroom kind of style) making it easy for people on the tech savvy side to manually change locale. But Google? No way in hell am I allowed to read this in English if I'm not physically in an English speaking country. Can't you just turn the brightness down to zero? As I understand it the purpose of the app is that given you know your wife is watching your internet history, you won't go on youporn. So how does this monitoring help you clean up your internet activities if you don't know you are being monitored? While the app should let the guardian know when it is being disabled, it also needs to let you disable it and more importantly let you know that it is running. Once those 2 things are removed it is no longer a productivity app, but a spy app. I just started computational linguistics at uni and I thought this was very interested (albeit very light hearted) Could you elaborate on your qualms? While I do admit that season 15 isn't as bad as I remember it, I don't know of anyone who consider it a classic and look back on it with nostalgia. However, I do think that since the movie was release they have started to occasionally show episodes that are really good. I do think that for most television shows it is normal that within the concept you burn through most of the good ideas in a few seasons. The novelty of the characters get worn out, so either you have to change the characters away from what made them great or you start repeating yourself; neither is a good choice. I actually think the default assumption is that shows will decline after a few seasons. I think that South park is a show that really improved with time, and to some degree Family Guy had a revival, but other than that, I can't really think of a show that has gone on with a high, constant level of quality. No, they are actually pretty good at this. Probably the best within the mobile phone space. I'd say AR with limited functionality is still AR. This pool tables is also rightly called AR even though it doesn't even feature a screen. When a minor inconvenience hit 1%, I think it is fair to call it few, when I major breakage hit 1% of users I think it is fair to call that a lot. According to comments on reddit this is a scam. They'll take your money, but they won't ship shit. It depends on how often it happens. The stars move too quickly for birds to have star patterns hardcoded by evolution. Instead they look at the sky and learn the star patterns as baby birds and use the observed pattern for navigation. 3 languages for a french person? I'd say that's unbelievable. The thing is, how many calories does a piece of food contain? What is says on the packet? Probably not. Second is, how much calories do you burn? The same amount as the watts you generated on the circuit machine? Probably not. And of those calories you got in, how many left through the waste canal? Obviously it is a question of calories in = calories out, the question is whether what we are measuring is even close to either side of that equation. This was back when every new websites monetization strategy was to be acquired by Yahoo. If it's Androids problem and not Paypals, I'm not really sure if it stands, then. I actually don't think that is a good argument either. Even with the 3 mile, Fukushima and Chernobyl disaters, more people have died falling of windmills than from nuclear power (per megawatt hour). I think the concentration of energy (making it a good target for terrorists), and the probable long term damage of waste which has not yet been realized are better arguments, but still not good enough to have coal over nuclear in my opinion. That's horrible advice. Some problems are really complex and can't be solved just by working from A to B. Your parser will probably not end up being able to handle the problems outlined in the article unless you take that theory into account before starting to program. Back in the good old days you had an actual human do the responding for you. I highly doubt it. I'd imagine the training data is several gigabytes if not terrabytes of corrospondance. I don't know much about this type of AI work, but I can tell you a little about the scale of things where I do work. I work with kana/kanji conversion and it is a similar problem as just getting the phonetics part of speech to text sorted out. First you convert the sound signal to phonetics, then you need to convert the phonetics to actual sentences. A surprising amount of English sentences have the same phonetics, so it is a non-trivial task to make sense of these. Try saying "Recognize Speech" and "Wreck a nice beach" out loud. I'd dare say Japanese is even worse, so a lot of data is used to infer what the writer means with the phonetic input in kana/kanji conversion. Baidu uses 2.5 terrabyte[1] of data for their kana/kanji conversion system, which has both an online and offline part, where the online part makes use of all the data and boosts performance considerably. [1] http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/I/I13/I13-1172.pdf I'd like to see a source for the billion-dollar-a-year campaign, that sounds crazy. That's 3 times Mozilla's entire budget, if memory serves me right. That is not the point of the post. The point is that Mozilla for a long time have thought these benchmarks to be sidetracking and useless for normal users, and now that they are beating the competitions they can rightly say "we need to focus on something else" without sounding like sore losers. Mozilla sees big potential in ASM-js and if the competition starts working on getting that optimized a whole new type of web application will be broadly feasible, which is something Mozilla cares much more about. In conscience thoughts and motor signals. I think the point is, that after the match, the player can be asked "what went through you head when..." And they will answer as if during the game they made a conscience judgement of the entire situation. To me Renren has always been an unimaginative Facebook clone, so I am in no way surprised that they lost out to WeChat and Weibo. OP's suggestion actually does make economic sense, if and only if you import enough people. I don't think any country currently import enough resourceful people to make up for the high quality they themselves can produce. But I definitely think you could make it work. Hypothetically, not humanely. Out of pure curiosity: Why are you interested in having it cross posted on Stackexchange? Actually I think that is the biggest problem with the article. It gives you no way to asses which probability is good enough. The interesting thing is that it gets misclassified across networks. According to the blog post, I can build two NN with different structures and train them on a random subset of a collection of dog and cat pictures. Distort a random picture until network A misclassifys it, then according to the article network B will also misclassify it, despite it having a different structure and a different training set. I don't think it's obvious that network B will fail as well. I just did a Google search for "Aorus XP3+" and it literally came up empty. Can you provide some links? It sounds like an intriguing machine. I don't think it's humanely to actively discourage people from having children. There's a series of books called "Thinking ..." that aims for exactly this. http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkbayes/ http://www.greenteapress.com/index.html Thank you for publicizing an early draft. It is really good and very helpful. I think your explanations are great, but you seem to imply that the gradient 3 for f(x,y) = xy with x = -2 and y=3 derived w.r.t x is somehow the "best" gradient (you call it the correct or actual gradient) but I don't understand why this is better than any other positive number. Wouldn't we optimize faster of we tug with a force of 6 instead of 3? x = -2, y= 3, dx = 3, dy = -2 step = 0.0001 f(x,y) = -6 f(x+dx*step, y*dy*step) = -5.998... // Now if we double the gradient f(x+2*dx*step, y*2*dy*step) = -5.997... I doubt. In Japan advertisers aren't playing with a ton of different interesting fonts the way we do in the west. Rather they they play with thickness and add outlines and colors, simply because building a font is expensive, so there aren't that many to choose from, so they focus on a different approach to differentiation. Most people on a computer. Most people type kana on their phone. I'd dare say the source of truth for Emoji is somewhere in a cabinet in NTT Docomo's headoffice. Actually it is not. Many places have student discount but don't advertise it. You have to ask. Read the last paragraph of the linked article again and choose that person to be yourself. Or you could also simply choose your grandmother and decide "I wanna explain the stuff I'm working on in a simple way so that she will understand", never mind if she doesn't have access to the internet or is dead, you can still write it in a way that makes sense to her. I write my blog for me. How I finally understood a problem I've had trouble with, or sometimes I just post a funny quote from a book I've been reading. First of, Gecko does a lot more than servo, so there is still time for servo to slow down when it needs to handle more and more edge cases. But to me the real big news is that we might see a Firefox alpha release using servo next year. Wonder if that will be a two engine design or if the can somehow get servo to do all the chrome layout as well. I disagree with you. I thought it was very clear and well written. > Of course per-capita GDP doesn't fully capture quality of life, but it's easy to measure and hard to fake. It's extremely easy to fake. I sell you a backrub for 10.000 dollars and after that I buy one from you for 10.000 dollars and we've now in 10 minutes boosted our GDP with 20.000 dollars. > Measuring and quantifying something is a prerequisite to optimizing it. Which is what he is talking against. We are too focused on optimizing, when a lot of what it means to be a human are things that shouldn't be optimized. And secondly, long periods without productivity may actually be the foundation of later quality. And you can't optimize these unproductive periods. > Seriously, from all the inefficiencies pointed out in this article, how is the economy of Japan not in the verge of collapse? I dare say that it is. Have you ever seen their debt to GDP ratio? How Japan manages to compete has been a big question in academic business studies for a very long time. I think Michael Porter did one of the best analysis of why Japan manages to be competitive in some markets, but his work is getting rather old now. http://www.amazon.com/Can-Japan-Compete-Michael-Porter/dp/04... >>What does clicking "Let's meet" do? I clicked it to find out and it said "Message sent, thanks! I look forward to meeting you." > Sorry about that. It's hypocritical of me to implement a system like this instead of just showing my email address. I actually wrote a blog post about why you shouldn't do what I did with this website: > http://blog.milesokeefe.com/post/56981311556/dont-use-contac... . I disagree. On most computers that I have ever used, clicking an e-mail link will open a setup process for the default email client. Most users I have ever encountered do not know what to do with that prompt. There's a lot of talk about "fixing" email, but I've yet to see anyone tackling this problem in a serious fashion. Since websites can't expect mailto: links working for their visitors, they have to put up forms. But more to the point: I think it is quite obvious what is gonna happen when one submit the form on your website: The website owner gets informed about my email address and what time I'm interested in meeting. Whether this information is conveyed by SMS, Whatsapp, e-mail, some internal e-ticketing system is completely irrelevant to the user. PS: I don't know how miles.codes is supposed to look, but it looks horrible in Firefox on Ubuntu. Images are jiggling, text is unreadable, links are not clickable where you'd expect to be able to click. Such third party apps often have their dev keys revoked for offering such features. But PPP is also extremely easy to fake. Let's say all deers get sick and the price of deer meet rises substantially. Is the living standards of the swedes now falling compared to the danes who do not consume deer meet? Or do the swedes just switch the deer meet for some other kind and enjoy the same standard of living as always? My iphone has many many times the computing power of my old (but back then high-end) Nokia phone, but cost me twice as much. Am I now poorer in PPP because a good cellphone is more expensive or am I richer because my cellphone is faster? PPP is extremely easy to fake. The point of the post is that (A) the obsession with optimizing will harm us and (B) most optimization is done for the sake of optimization.