GitLab on hosted hardware works great. I maintain two different instances. One of them automatically updates itself, and it just works. I think they will migrate the systems which they host VCSes. Since they may need to make changes in the code to suit them, abandoning the legal stuff makes using, modifying and contributing back stuff easier. Li-Ion batteries lose the ability to provide energy at low temperatures, pretty fast. If the battery is aged, the effect becomes much more pronounced. When using an IDE, memory consumption can be tolerated. Indexers, analyzers, open files, sometimes other tools which run with the IDE. However, to spend 800Mb to change a single file is too much. Atom is not a complete IDE as VSCode or Eclipse by any means. Yes Atom has IDE packages and capabilities are started to be rolled in, but it's too young. God knows what will be the memory usage of Atom when it grows to a complete IDE with project-wide knowledge. Also, having enough resources is never a good excuse for an application to use massive amounts of memory. IIRC uCode updates are volatile. You re-install them to CPU on every boot. OS actually does this for you. Care to share the URL of the video? It sounds pretty fun. Thanks, I'll take a look tomorrow. For more uCode work, there's http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ which contains some interesting bits. I find CPUs fascinating to be honest. While they are complex, they are not impenetrable. Playing with small assembly snippets and simulators helped me a lot to understand them. Also, other architectures such as MIPS and M68K have simpler to understand ISAs which accelerate the process of understanding these small wonders. Electron slow, bloated, uses a lot of resources for nothing. tl;dr: Electron is chromium browser with some disguise. It's not "The right thing (TM)". Atom doesn't use 80MB, it uses 800MB. On the other side, my Eclipse installation uses ~1100MB and runs whole array of analyzers and background stuff that an IDE should run. Atom runs nothing at the back or provides the same functionality while using 800MB. Also, Eclipse is portable around all major operating systems. Resource usage can be justified if the that resources is used toward something meaningful. C is "slower" than assembly, yes; however both assembly can be inlined into C, and magnitudes more can be done with C at near-assembly speeds. I develop in C/C++/Python mainly and in some other languages for fun and curiosity. Python is easy, but it's not as performant unless the underlying library is native, hence nobody is using it if it can't obtain very high performance in my field (scientific computing, HPC, and related areas). Actually, writing a low performance GUI is pretty hard since most of its cycles are idle. If you can write an application with a GUI which slow to respond to low-complexity, common tasks (naive text editing, input, menus, moving windows), something is very, very wrong (to be clear, GUI can trigger resource intensive background tasks, but that's not what I'm saying). That's a very nice perspective to think. First of all, for the 800MB thing, there's the source: https://medium.com/@caspervonb/why-i-still-use-vim-67afd76b4... and I've also seen this behavior while editing small Python files. I also had no other plugins other than the default bundle. So my atom installation was pretty lean. It looks like you're a web developer, I'm not. I develop at the system level, and for development scenarios Atom is nowhere capable as Eclipse, and seriously that's OK. Every IDE has its niche. I used atom as a pretty text and script editor for my needs, but its auto complete capabilities left too much to be desired for me. Honestly, maybe atom was not optimized for better memory usage before. Maybe there were memory leaks. Maybe my build was buggy (I used an official deb package BTW), or maybe he tested a buggy version, but these problems were (or are) real for some other people, and they may have been solved or not; but I'm neither the only, nor the last people who talked about excessive memory usage of atom. I loved atom when it first came out. I tried to migrate to it, but it has burned me with its radioactivity. So I returned to my dark corner under Eclipse to work and recover. > I just hate when there are perfectly valid problems and issues with a technology, but people ignore them and jump on the bandwagon of a non-problem. Same for me. I didn't intend to 'bash' atom and electron. I just wanted to point some problems with it. If my style sounded like bashing, I'm sorry, it was unintended. > Atom has made significant strides in the last year... Honestly, I may give it another shot, as a semi-IDE rather than a complete replacement to my Eclipse setup. I love to explore new applications and see what they do right and where they lack. > I may have jumped the gun here myself, I tend to get a little overzealous... I sometimes make the same thing. It's perfectly OK, we are all human. We all have some technology we like to protect as our only child (my soft spot is low-level & high performance tech). The key is to be able to recognize one's reaction and tune it little by little. I had my share in both sides of a flamewar and I'm very well done in that respect. BTW, I didn't feel like you did. I just wanted to say we sometimes overreact, and even if we don't project it to otherside or just to outside, we can learn from the experience. > If you do, I recommend doing a complete uninstall of it... I've completely removed every atom related folder from my home folder some time ago. I'll install the latest .deb package and progressively experiement with it. I won't tie anything important to that setup, so it will be an experiment bench for me. I'm using Eclipse for ~10 years, so I know the effort you put into setting it up. It's always worth it, don't worry. I maintain three eclipse installations (home, office, laptop) and they sync their settings over Oomph. So when I improve something in one, all three benefits :) When you use something for a very long time and set it up to your liking, it feels like home. :) This is not same for all cases. For example scientific and high performance computing, image processing, or other tasks which need short run times or applications where a single digit optimization results in hours of run time difference is always worth it. Also, since C++ is native, very memory efficient data structures can be written. This property can be leveraged to write very small, very efficient and very resilient loops to be written which can run for months at a time, and since you have the absolute control over memory management, you can prevent unwanted bloating or leaks pretty easily. Last, but not the least; CPUs weren't that powerful 10-15 years ago. My desktop computer was as fast as the first Raspberry Pi. Python, JS, even Java were very unpleasant experiences back then. This is not an apples to apples comparison. I've given examples from runtime, not from development time. OTOH, refactoring in C++ is not hard, at least from my experience. With some knowledge of the language, everyone can write reasonably bug-free C++ (or any other language) application in one go. Compilation in C++ is a different story. C# is not native. It's converted to CLI (was that the name, I don't use Win32 for ~15 years), then JIT compiles it to machine code, and optimizes over and over in every execution. Yes, C# is reasonably fast, but it's not native, cross platform (mono doesn't count), and designed to be a systems programming language. People tend to think C++ is overly verbose, no. Win32 programming model forces simple operations to be long and time consuming for a programmer to implement. Opening a file, serial port, or anything is a single line, because of the (while not everyone likes it) "everything is a file" philosophy, which makes UNIX and C++ much easier, verbose, and accessible. > It can be compiled to native code... In that sense, you are absolutely right. However, for simplicity I only thought about the out of the box experience, or by the de-facto implementation of the said languages, since it’s the most popular usage scenario as well. Well, I’m not very knowledgeable about Windows world, as I said before, I’m not using Windows for 15 years or so. So, my bad, sorry. Thanks a lot. I will read them as soon as possible. This feels like the CueCat from the 90s. A supercharged "I feel lucky" button. Honestly I can't understand why this is worth $5M funding. > Why is the phone made of glass if nobody is ever going to see it? For being a radio frequency transparent, premium material? > I still wish there was a smaller iPhone I upgraded to an X from a 5. The screen real estate really allowed me to not to turn on my computer at some nights, which I consider as a plus. I just read what I want to read, and reply a bunch of e-mails, then put it off. I use Debian testing on a EliteBook 850G2. I disabled the ATI/AMD gpu since I don't need its computing power, so I don't have any notes on GPU part, but with on board intel graphics, everything is very very smooth. Only non-functional item is the fingerprint reader. I get ~7hrs of battery life with normal system administration / development workflow on a KDE desktop. System runs very cool, and fan seldom kicks in if you push the computer hard. I've just remembered: I've used the laptop with a Dell U2411 monitor via DisplayPort, a Dell E2211H monitor via DP -> HDMI adapter and HDMI/DVI cable, both without any issues (incl. hot-plug). I can answer any specific questions if you wish. I use Belkin's charging mat for iPhone X, and it's not picky about the location. Just putting it approximately centered is enough to start charging. Lustre may be old, but it's hardly useless. Some of its capabilities cannot be replaced by any modern storage systems object and file alike. CEPH comes close, but cannot completely replace it. When you connect a thousand nodes to a single storage pool with high throughput and low latency requirements, not everything can cut it. It's also same with me. I downloaded many albums because either the prices were prohibitive to buy, or the albums weren't available here. Spotify allowed me to listen what I want, where I want. I don't like their chromium based application, but if it's the only way that they continue developing their Linux client, I'll not whine about it. However, nothing beats owning the albums. So if the album passes a certain value in my mind, I buy it either on CD or from iTunes for archival and listening on my proper audio system, because all the snake oil and hype aside, nothing beats warmth of a good old amplifier, a decent DAC, and some big, good speakers. If all the balls have shown variations within the same tolerances, that would be true, but balls grouped in a meaningful way, and these groups have shown negligible differences among themselves. Because of this tight variation within the groups, 8 balls are enough IMHO. As a regular Lamy user, none of my Lamys tried to mark my hand to claim me as its servant. Why your pen does it? Burping? Leak? I have a bottle of cellulose reactive fountain pen ink for such purposes. Also, there are mass produced tamper-proof inks. So, in fact it's possible to sign documents with an FP. On the other side of the spectrum is "washable" blues which are waiting to disappear in a small drop of water. For HP, the separation is made at product level. Both consumer and office ink jets have pigmented blacks, but consumer color cartridges are generally dye-based while officejet inkjets and professional printing machines use pigment based color inks. Specification page for cartridges generally gives pigment/dye information. Probably yes. For these stuff I always carry a Uniball elite with blue-black ink (I'm a blue-black guy), and for other documents -like office and other stuff- I use the reactive ink. Uniball's super ink is ridiculously tamper-proof, contrary to its cheesy name. I need to take a look at this. Are you sure that you're not gripping from the lip which locks and creates an air-tight seal? The grip would make it very uncomfortable though. I have a medium Lamy which writes broad-ish (because of production tolerance + well smoothed nib due to long writing sessions) and wets its sealing lip, but even that one never stained my hand. Which ink are you using? Is it extremely wet and eager to flow? Do you fly with the pen? Temperature around the pen? > In 2018, the most popular resolution for users of Firefox is still 1366x768. And only 1920x1080 is making any headway against the dominance of 1366x768. As much as I am surrounded by the culture of multiple 4K+ displays, apparently this is not at all commonplace. 4K doesn't even get listed, presumably lumped into the "Other" category. Most of the tasks in the real world doesn't need multiple 4K displays, including low level and systems development. Most people read stuff, and as a developer and system administrator, when the text is looking good, this means the resolution is enough. > In 2018, the most popular memory amount for users of Firefox is still 4GB, trailed by the also disappointingly small 8GB. In my world, I consider 16GB a bare minimum, but at least with memory I haven't been deluding myself—I know many people economize on memory. Still, I would have thought 8GB was the most common memory size by now. 8 GB is more than enough for most people. My family's Win10 desktop is happy with 4GB, my office desktop is cozy with 8GB. My own desktop has 16GB of RAM, but it runs many, albeit small, virtual machines. "The hardware is cheap, let's waste it" mentality doesn't help anyone and it's wrong. I've written some state of the art algorithms which use 1.5MB of RAM and make the CPU scream for cooling (I develop high performance computing software as a side-academic gig), so like every resource, RAM should be used sparingly. Edit: I've no comment for flash. I think it's a forgotten remnant of old systems. Actually, it's not always the price. Serious developers or seasoned computer enthusiasts doesn't change rigs every couple of years. If one's system is performing well enough, and the user gets used to it, system upgrade can be deferred until some technology or computing resource becomes necessary. When something breaks, the broken part is replaced and upgraded in most cases. Personally, I've just upgraded from 1680x1050 to 1920x1080. My old monitor was 10 years old, and was performing relatively well. I bought a new one, because it started to show its age (mostly backlight age). > As someone who reads text all day, going up to a 27" 150 PPI monitor was huge. You're right, however not everyone has the same desktop space to accomodate a 27" panel. I can barely fit a 24" on my desk. 1440p monitors start at 25". > The other footnote should be that display prices have been crashing recently. When I was in the US at the end of 2014, one of my friends said the same thing about flash drives when I pointed out a $44 PNY 128GB flash drive. Unfortunately, other parts of the world doesn't work same way. Because EUR or other currencies are not fixed against US$, and prices fluctuate at most parts of the world if not increase. So, no, technology doesn't become cheaper as it matures at some parts of the world unfortunately. Addendum: BTW, you are right about the 768p screens are generally found in entry level laptops or netbooks. These devices are most feasible ones when they first came out. Now they are bottom end cash cows which are virtually free to build. Apple's battery fault detection is pretty good actually. Did the battery said "service battery" or "replace battery" while it was operational? If the battery status showed something similar, the battery is already damaged before storage. I have an 2008 MacBook pro, and one of my older batteries have shown the warning. After a year or so that battery has also swollen, albeit in a milder manner than yours. I'm also a software developer and I also have a Linux/Mac mixed environment, and I feel no difference between the two. To be honest, Mac does many things really differently . Yes it feels and sounds like double-think, but I do everything differently from my Linux desktop, and I can do the same things at the same speed, if not faster. On the average, I use them equally, and can do the same thing on both. One footnote is, I do not install anything via homebrew or anything massive which installs into depth of the macOS. For these stuff I have a Linux VM, which is fired up rarely. The feeling and texture of the stop-motion animation or hand drawn animation is not matched by the computer animation. Since we can feel the materials, labor and the natural features of such animations. As a result, we feel more connected. Computers are the other hand isolated from us by their very nature. Resolution, details and other things are higher and better, but they are not natural. So it feels more distant from us. Because of the same reasons I use a mechanical watch, because I can feel the materials, labor and naturalness of the device. edit: Fixed some grammatical errors. Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/1279/ I also combat with the same problem from time to time. A bit of background: I'm a system administrator of a large computing cluster, and I also develop high performance scientific computing as my side-academic life. The software I develop targets clusters similar to I administer, so I use a lot of Linux, and the software I develop makes the development workstations scream during testing. I personally own a MacBook Pro, and my office gave me (actually I wanted them to buy) an HP EliteBook 850 G2. HP EliteBook is a terrific Linux machine. Everything works out of the box. The backside is accessible with a single latch. It has semi-metal body, reasonably slim and light. Better, it lasts 7 hours on battery (which can be easily replaced), has upgradeable RAM, a separate M2 slot for an additional SSD if you need multi terabyte hard drives, and an eDPI screen (I don't remember the resolution, but it's high). Oh, it has 180 degree hinges, which are non-exotic type. If you want to go berserk, you can add WWAN with GPS support. It has some convenience features too. Glass touchpad, a very good backlit keyboard and better than acceptable speakers. If you want good audio, headphone jack is very good sounding. The machine I use is dual core, very low voltage variant, but the performance is more than enough for 90% of the tasks I perform at office. Since it's very low voltage, it's very very quiet and cool. All-in-all it's a developer's dream if you want to step away from MacBook. Addendum: I disabled the external AMD GPU on it, I use Intel's on-cpu GPU, and I've driven 1920x1200 screens over DP without any problems, inc. hot-plug support. Last, but not the least: HP has a fantastic BIOS which also has nice amenities like advanced charge cutoff and restart percentages like Lenovo Thinkpads. First of all read a lot. Read local communities like Reddit, HN (here), slashdot, etc. This will make you familiar with the daily language. Second, listen a lot. Watch movies with original sound and English subtitles. Try to understand, try to make sense of it. If you listen English songs, try to listen a little more attentive. Then write a lot. Try to take your notes in English. Comment your code in English. Try to comment more into stories or forums around the world. These three will sharpen you in daily English. You'll become more familiar. Becoming fluent becomes after becoming familiar. As everyone said, also read books, novels in English and take notes, however some books' vocabulary may be drastically different from others (e.g., Both Hyperion Cantos and Ready Player One are SciFi novels, but latter one has a much more accessible English than the former). Last but not the least, don't focus on your progress. You'll advance inevitably. Just continue doing so, and you'll find yourself much more improved after some time. Fluency is best when it comes with time, and when it's built step by step, it becomes permanent. You can do all of them at the same time after getting the initial momentum, however not overloading the cognitive capacity is important. Otherwise the process may backfire. The most important point is not forcing yourself to progress, but integrating the language in your life. A foreign language is not an achievement, but a capability (or ability), like programming in another language. You need to integrate into your life, not achieve and set aside. So not forcing is much more healthy IMHO. You're right. English is not my native language, and I learned it in the school, which included speaking, albeit not too much. The steps I outlined is how I sharpened my skills after school, during my non-educational life, in a spontaneous manner. I understood these steps years later, and share them whenever there's a chance to share. I've practiced my speaking skills in the university via presentations, and during my work travels. Also my work requires me to send a lot of English mails, which tend to progress conversation-like. Since they were the things which came to my way rather than I consciously selected, I have no reproducible way of practicing spoken English, so I knowingly omitted those. Thanks a lot. As a non-native speaker, hearing this makes me happy. :) Actually, you're assuming that I'm doing all these to mimic other English speakers, and you're wrong. I'm not a late learner. I'm exposed to English when I'm ~4 yo, and started to learn it at 7. Also, I cannot learn by mimicking. I listen and read to learn, to understand how the culture is choosing words, how it works in real world. It's a kind of practice. Because of my Job, I'm talking with Europeans a lot, and I'm considered a very clearly speaking guy. I've some accent which is carried from my mother tongue, but not from mimicking English dialects. My English education wasn't purely language education. Whole curriculum was in English, so there was no place for mimicking. We were forced to think in English. The language is integrated into our lives for 6+ years. As a result, I can write at the speed of speech. Also while initial spellings are given as complete words, pronunciation is taught to us. So I can reasonably read or speak a work I've never seen. When I go abroad to attend some meetings, I cannot completely switch to my mother tongue (both in spoken voice and inner voice) when I land for 30 minutes or so. Actually my language skills, regardless of language, varies according to my mood and energy, and it's late here. However, this is not to dismiss your comment as moot or anything, I'll keep this in mind. Thanks for the heads up. Thanks for your comments. I generally write at the speed of thought, and don't read my comments for a second time to correct my errors. These tense changes happen when I change the structure of the comment in my head in the real time, and don't revisit the beginning of the sentence to align things back. When I read them for the second time after I send, I spot the errors, but don't always correct them since they are online and intended people possibly read the comment already. Maybe I should write a little slower while commenting, and read again before sending. Thanks for your comments. I'll take note of these, and will revisit from time to time. Most of the commas I use (before the "and" & "or"s) are Oxford Commas which dictates to use a comma before the conjunction if the sentences are separable. If the sentences are separable you don't use the comma. A more general rule is explained in [0]. My juries of my Master's and Ph.D. were very strict in this manner so I learned it the hard way. Now it's hardwired in my brain. Honestly I may be over using them, and will write more carefully. [0] https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/30516/should-i-u... Generally the corrections were between independent clauses, and I made some research on the matter at that time. It's possible that I just mix the name of the rules since I got them from the back of my memory. Thanks for clarifying these up. Will keep these in mind too. The headline reminds me of similar discoveries which happen in Master of Orion series and announced by GNN (Galactic News Network). I'm thinking the same thing... I didn't see any Fedora "production" servers in my system administration life. Since Fedora is a kind of test bed for RedHat development, it is not considered for serious/production servers. Also, since CentOS is a well established free alternative to RHEL, the unwritten rules point to CentOS for RedHat based servers. I have been parts of projects which failed just because the manager refused to accept that developers' need uninterrupted time to start and warm-up to achieve full speed in their daily routines. Add micromanagement into this mix, and the environment quickly approaches to real-life-dilbert. Addenda: Obligatory dilbert: http://dilbert.com/strip/2018-04-21 Meditation. I'm doing zen meditation approximately for 4 years. It helps me to find real reasons behind my most complex emotions, a way to untangle this complexity, and solve them for good. The most important point of meditation is to apply the lessons to the daily life. i.e. if you find one of your behaviors is the root cause of bad events or feelings, you need to change the behavior, otherwise nothing will go better (You can exchange behavior with a belief, feeling, or anything else). Meditation is not a tool to feel better as the more popular approaches say. It's a precise instrument to introspect unto one's self, and change for the better. I'm not telling it's easy or a silver bullet, but when applied correctly it's very powerful indeed. > It's sort of like being bullied in elementary school, and then high school, and then college, and then as a working adult. You never outgrow the bullying. Indeed, the bullying seems to get worse as one matures and loses the youthful physical characteristics which people often read as non-threatening. It's not just the appearance of the people who bullies you. Bullying forces you to become more closed, and changes you fundamentally while you learn to resist it. Unfortunately, resisting bullying needs one to unlearn "inherent (baseline) trust" when meeting with new people, and unlearn "implicit trust" which is reinforced with the duration of civilized communication and relationships, because bullying can come from the least expected person at most unsuspected time. Also, continuous bullying warps one's perception about discussion. Any sign of escalation causes any bullying victim to just change the subject and feel bad about itself, because bullying starts with (generally intentional) disagreement, then this disagreement is used for a basis for physical or psychological bullying. Bullied people may not hate from themselves, but they cannot be content with themselves either. They always think that something is wrong with them, and feel powerless to correct it, because continued bullying is only possible when the victim is bullied regardless of his/her character, intention, behavior or capacity. Prolonged bullying really leaves deep wounds like trust issues, complete lack of self confidence, fear of communication and feelings of inferiority. These wounds are very hard to heal, because as time passes and one grows up, society thinks that these issues are over and doesn't care. Also, people don't seek help since these features are considered part of the character and deemed fixed after a certain age, but they are not. Good friends, and a really caring person can change everything if the person wants to heal. It's hard, but not impossible. How do I know this? Because I'm bullied for 10 years straight. Edit: Clarify sentences. Debian has key distribution system. Every critical password/key/etc. is divided into `n` parts, where `m` parts (obviously m These are used primarily for repository private keys, revocation keys and like. In this scenario, in case of emergency, secondary level officials can assemble the key (or secret) if something unfortunate occurs to the top level management. For Debian FTP Archive secret keys, Debian uses 3 out of 5 arrangement, as can be seen in https://ftp-master.debian.org/keys.html . See SSSS holders section. I have used ip -oneline to parse configuration of servers, and it's really practical. The only real gripe I have with IP is their long argument/switch format. Unlike everyone else, ip is a minority, which accepts long options with single dash "-". This prevents someone from combining many short parameters under a single dash, also it's confusing to use. Yes, it unofficially supports the old double dash format, but if you are supporting it, there's no point in supporting single dash long options. Accepting everything at the same time is very nice in theory, but in the optimal case, the library should be able to mimic at least some established conventions. Extreme flexibility becomes a burden after a certain point if it lacks adaptability. Standards are built for these reasons. Disclaimer: I'm not trying to be the Devil's advocate here, but just wanted to share an observation. Apple always removes stuff which looks untimely or just plain stupid (headphone jacks, optical drives, USB/Firewire ports, optical in & out, rosetta, APIs, etc). Always the same outrage has happened, but things normalize then. People, companies adapt, hell does not freeze over, company doesn't go bankrupt. I feel that maintaining OpenGL & OpenCL felt like a burden to Apple. We all know that Apple likes to control everything from hardware to user interface, and GPU drivers are one of the most notoriously complex, overprotected part of the software stack. In the OpenCL world compilers and other stuff (I don't remember the terms clearly, sorry) also gets in, and makes everything much more complex. Maybe this move will help them to slim the drivers to the basic "hardware-software" interface level and build metal and related technologies to their own term on top of this relatively simple interface. I have a feeling that metal can be directly translated bidirectionally and relatively cheaply to OpenGL (and maybe Vulkan and OpenCL too), so at the end things don't become extremely complex for everyone. Apple doesn't feel that backwards compatibility is strictly necessary unless things can be translated and made to work with relatively good performance. As a Linux and Mac user for 10+ years, these are my observations. They may be wrong, technically incomplete or else. Feel free to discuss, debunk, or downvote. > But that doesn't mean we took the best path. There is always an alternative future if x hadn't happened at all. If x hadn't happened, we might be in a better place, rather than accepting it and doing the best we can. Of course. I didn't mean to say that Apple is designing the best possible future or making the best possible decisions. I'd rather have a future where these technologies are supported as first class citizens by everyone, and I can just cross compile this stuff with virtually no porting or optimization effort, however unfortunately this is not the world we live in right now. As I said, mine is an observation rather than taking one side. Intel provides a lot of patches for Linux Kernel, for their hardware, performance counters, and their graphics drivers are open source under mainline. I'm not mentioning their wired Ethernet and other various drivers. Being one of the top contributors in Linux/OSS/FLOSS doesn't allow them to come clean from their 28-core, inadvertently but conveniently miscommunicated demo. There's a similar terminal for macOS and iOS called cathode. iOS version even uses accelerometer to mimic screen wavering when moved. The mac version was using a lot of CPU cycles, so I stopped using it, but it's worth checking. These small log files really help to keep things in perspective. However for longer plans I use Trello. It works as an issue tracker / planner for me so I can put the bits I find on the issue to the cards, or to my dropbox and link them. When I finish a task, I put all relevant information to a folder in my "Old documents" folder, and put the card to the "Done" column. If the task is a project, everything is already become documented and archived on git at the end. Actually you're right. Some of the projects are tools for my own task automation, and others are some just R&D. Maybe I can create the landing page for the tools, and gauge the interest in them. My 486DX had one. It actually connected to the MB, and controlled the CPU speed. Some games like Prehistorik 1/2 had slowed down considerably when I toggled the button. The button was also wired handsomely. When untoggled (out position), the Turbo LED was lit and system was fast. When pressed, LED is turned off and system was slow. Since all buttons (Power, Turbo and Reset) were flush, it was aesthetically pleasing too. It depends on perspective and expectations. I'm a macOS and Linux user for 10+ years. From multimedia editing perspective Linux is a little behind, however in photography field there are tools which can provide terrific results. For RAW conversion, RAW therapee is available, which is considered superior to many proprietary converters, demosaicers. While it cannot compete with C1 or LR, there's darktable (and I like its RAW conversion more). I have not tried the HDR tools yet, but I think they're promising. I'm not knowledgable in video editing, and don't work in a color-managed environment, so I'm skipping these. For office applications, Using Office is your choice. I'm using LibreOffice for a long time on Mac and Linux, even for professional situations. It served me well, and serving well. It's also playing fairly well with latest Office formats, at least with the files I encounter. There were times when ATI/AMD support was bad, really bad, hardware damaging bad. I personally experienced some of those and reported directly them to ATI. There were times ATI/AMD literally had no video playback support via official drivers, but they're stories of past. AMD is a company which re-designed its silicon to provide better and more complete Linux support. ATI/AMD is not a company which is ignorant of Linux anymore. Why not run a small set of tests after installing and see whether the required set of FS features available? Experienced users run plethora of filesystems which support the needs of dropbox. IMHO, this is a lazy solution to a relatively simple problem. From a QA point you're actually right. I don't think Dropbox needs to support all filesystems, but as a programmer and and advocate of better user experience, I'd like to see a system which behaves a little differently: a- FS is something we support, great! Go on... b- FS is an unsupported one, so run the tests and if they pass warn the user: "Hey! We don't support this, but it looks like working. If it fails we can not support you. Are you sure? (Y/N)" c- FS is an unsupported one, so run the tests and if they fail tell the user: "Hey! We can not work on this FS, sorry.". The good thing is you implement the tests once. Since, POSIX standard is a standard, so run the tests over that interface. You practically don't need to maintain anything about the tests. Maybe run a couple of unit tests over a simulated environment, that's all. This is a hell of a demo, on a hell of a hardware. It's as impressive as 8088MPH if you ask me. I love how things can be labeled as unprovable in a snap by people who doesn't suffer from such quirks. Personally I can't stand people who are eating stuff or chewing gum while they are on the phone with me. Same with noisy eating in a silent place. I sometimes silently leave the place if I can, or warn the eater as politely as I can, if he/she's my friend. Heck, if I'm extremely tired or weary I can not even stand myself sometimes. Personally I didn't experience it in the "absence" of the stimulus, so I cannot comment on that part. I only wanted to point that absence of some irritation or uncomfortable feeling in presence of the stimulus for one person is not enough for one to label such sinister and delicate matters as "not real" or "non-existent". I'm asking this as a thought experiment, nothing personal. What if, fixing things the way you like breaks these features for someone else? With that e-mail, Linus has just leveled up. Hope that he can find the way to separate his firmness and "quest for a better patch" from his somewhat volatile responses. Yes, reading Linus' e-mails is somewhat fun, like watching a documentary with some satirical, comical moments. On the other hand, being on the receiving end of these conversations are always painful, and yes he possibly kept some people away from kernel development. Being burnt and roasted and yelled at for your best effort can break your motivation from its foundation if you are new at something, and it's not really fun. I congratulate him for being honest with himself and us, and congratulate again for trying to change and improve himself. I also believe that if Linus can patch himself up and make the new version work, Linux kernel will also change for the better. At least its development community will work with lower stress levels, and can talk more freely. Again, congrats Linus. Just go for it! Edited: Ambigious words and sentences are corrected, effects of late night commenting are masked. Run a benchmark on it and compare the numbers. If they are on par with the results obtained when the device was new, maybe your expectations have changed. It's already written, but things require absolute efficiency and high performance, like HPC and ML cannot be done without C++. I develop some HPC code, and most of them is infeasible without C++. Other languages' high performance libraries PIL and numPy is written with C & C++. Then, they will run the service behind a crucial Google address / web page. Then what? While I understand and agree that they're benefits for the user, its interpretation and decision shall be made by the users themselves. If the company supplying these features are forcefully making these decisions on behalf of me, I can assume that there are other intentions and motivations for providing these services to me for "free". There's a problem with exfiltrate via BMC network theory. In a sane setup, your BMC connection cannot access internet. You should build an isolated intranet for it (including VLAN or hardware isolation, not just subnet/IP), and put a VPN in the front gate. As a result, you login to your data center, or go to there if you like metaphors. If nobody’s there via VPN, BMC network is a silent and dark place. No connection to outside, no unknown traffic, just silence. Only exception may be the discovery packets of some BMCs, which can find similar servers and form federations for easier management. Even this needs some setup beforehand. This is a BIOS setting, and even while the BMC's working over the primary NIC, it retains its independent MAC and IP address (and VLAN if you set it up). Also, even if the NIC is shared with the BMC and the OS, you cannot see the NIC of the BMC on the PCI bus. They are isolated at the hardware level. I manage lots of these servers for a long time, and this is my firsthand experience. :) Today's network cards are small computers of their own. So it'd be very hard to inject packages with all this kernel-hardware integration at the module level IMHO. The card would probably throw a tantrum if you try to access it directly. TBH, while I'm knowledgeable about hardware, I'm a total beginner in attack side of cybersecurity. At least, we are segmenting our networks like that. Yes, but if you isolate at cable level, using primary NICs MAC and IP is moot. If you're sharing the medium, you need a good security team. Attacks involving writing to / reading from memory & exfiltrating that data needs proof of concept code now. Hope someone with comparable hardware and BMC modifies OpenBMC's code to steal some stuff from the OS for research purposes. If it can be proved, the results will be relatively fun and certainly revolutionary. I don't agree with 7 and 8. I like silent apps while working, and actually I'm used to applications saying nothing if everything is correct. Also, "outputting something to stdout just because I can" kills scriptability a lot. Using tables, colors and other stuff requires a lot of terminal support. MacOS terminal, iTerm, Linux terminals supports a lot of stuff, but not always (our team is generally using XTerm for example). Implementing these are acceptable if there's a robust code detecting terminal capabilities and falling back gracefully and without treating these more streamlined terminals as lesser citizens, and this requires a lot of development, head banging and maintenance. If you're accepting the challenge, then go on. BTW, That unicode spinner is nice. Very nice. Checking whether you're connected to a TTY is a good practice, but there's also cognitive advantages of silent applications too. Also, similarly you can have a -v --verbose set to make the application talkative. It's also an option. I missed that. It's actually a much bigger problem. stdout and stderr(or) is two output paths to explicitly diverge error logs and problems from standard output. stdout / stdin is reserved for user interaction, informational messages (md5sum), actual output (ls, less, etc.), and the like. OTOH, stderr is explicitly for error messages only, and it's very useful (and necessary). A real use case from my daily job: I'm an administrator of a large system (approx ~1K servers), and I have substantial amount of cattle, and a lot of pets [0]. All of these servers have cron jobs, and other automated tasks on them. All servers can mail to a local mail server to report us problems, so our cron automatically mails any outputs to us. All the tools we use, and scripts we write have the following properties: - If everything is OK, they are silent by default. - They output to stderr, if anything notable happens. - Also we copy (think tee) all stderr to their respective logs (both local and on a centralized server). Now consider: - The (e-mail, log) noise if all the tools were writing their outputs to stdout. - The work required to silence all tools. What if they don't have any --quiet switches? - Furthermore, they wrote everything to stderr. How can I know whether thing has worked as it should? - How can I find the problem quickly if everything is written to "Error" log? - Furthermore how can I revise the errors happened quickly? Info & Error on the same file. grep galore! - How can I silent a tool (by redirecting to /dev/null) if both normal and error logs are written via stderr? These are the simple problems that I can come up on a real, big production system in five minutes. I can find more problematic scenarios which will happen on a daily basis, if I think more. All these conventions, folklore, recommended usage and facilities are in place because of the needs and the experience acquired in the history of these systems. Running around them amok, just because they enable color, pretty spinners, or justify some narrow usage scenario is not correct. These conventions and philosophy [1] allowed *NIX systems to scale without needing excessive administrative elbow grease. Ignoring these, and developing tools which use facilities and conventions as they please will degrade the ability to manage these systems with minimal work. I can always grep, but it will be inefficient and not guaranteed to get everything that I want, and also it will cost me and the computer time to do so. Like algorithms, systems are easier to manage when "n" is small. When "n" gets big, these tasks got really hard, really fast. So, develop tools to ease tasks. Not to show-off. [0] https://www.engineyard.com/blog/pets-vs-cattle [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy Edit: Tried to increase readability. In most cases, the process has some hidden steps and hoops which are unrelated to patch. The patch methodology will be probably criticized. Sometimes this criticism will go beyond the boundaries and leak to personal space of the developer, and the dialog will turn abrasive or abusive. And a patch written in two days will be revised an revised for weeks. Not all revisions will be made for logical or legitimate reasons. Then the developer will submit its patch, it'll be accepted at last, and the developer will never patch anything again, for ever. It'll be burnt out in a single patch. Some communities do this, and often they don't know what they're doing. I personally wouldn't do kernel patches. Heck, can't dare to ask anything to the list. Because I don't want the harassment. Also there's the silent ignorance in the mailing lists because your question is too basic or uninteresting or just posted to wrong-ish list. That's a different matter, but results in the same avoidance reflex. > Add in a smarmy attitude and poor social skills and only the most confident or skilled people will contribute; which isn't a bad thing to be honest. Personally I'm playing with computers since Commodore64 days. I'm occasionally publishing papers about algorithms that solve real problems that I develop (just submitted one yesterday). I'm confident about my skills, and generally know about my stuff, however I don't like uncivilized brawl. So to be able to be a developer whose patches to be accepted, I need to be a person who can put up with snarky comments, and be able to return them with the same level of abusiveness? Sorry. Life is too short for that. > I can see the other side of the coin as well - the need to maintain the code quality, and probably the burnout of multiple “stupid” questions/patches. I can imagine how it gets tiring especially if one does it in their spare time. It gets tiring only if you despise answering these "basic" and/or seemingly "stupid" questions. In my day job I'm a system administrator of an HPC cluster, and we also do technical support ourselves. Users ask questions "wrong" all the time. Not enough information, seemingly simple details, etc. I personally never get mad at them, because they don't know how to do it better. We generally try to guide them, point to the correct places, test the problem ourselves, and see what happens, but never intentionally harass them. You can maintain the code quality with a polite "Why this patch didn't pass the inspection" letter. There's a similar effort called "I downvoted because" [0], but even giving links from that page requires some niceness. Just pasting the relevant URL also looks and feels rude. If a user is intentionally volatile, we defuse them. If they're intentionally malicious, we block/prevent them. If they're intentionally smarmy or snarky, they get polite but firm answers. At the end they cool down, because they cannot fuel their anger with our reactions. > Do I have the right to say “they need to be more patient/welcoming”? Probably I don’t - but equally I don’t fancy being someone’s emotional grounding. They don't need to be patient, if one is intentionally testing their patience. They don't need to be (overly) welcoming, but they need to be polite enough to tell that, or point the person to right way. Saying "no" is not a problem, but not pointing the next step is problematic, especially if the asking person doesn't know the better. At the end, these behaviors are not because of the person asking the question, or sending in that "stupid" patch. It's about the person who's reacting to the patch/question/whatever. They don't like something, or see something and get triggered, then unload all the rage upon the asking person regardless of relevance of the rage. For one, knowing oneself better is as essential knowing the stuff that you're working on. Having a baseline niceness is a win for everyone, because it makes life much simpler without softening boundaries. In fact, it strengthens them without making them intimidating. [0] http://idownvotedbecau.se Disclaimer: I'll intentionally use "you" to address you, since you expressed some emotions, and I'll directly address them, but I won't hurt you. > I do not want to emotionally disassociate myself from my creative work so that I no longer have this reaction. I enjoy being this emotionally connected to my work. I also see programming as a form of art, and I'm also attached to my code emotionally, however you need to understand that, when someone says that your code "sucks" it's their point of view. Neither you nor your code sucks. It may not be doing something in a certain way the critical person likes or prefers . Even if your patch is plain wrong , this doesn't change the real value of you or your code. You've put the effort and tried something. You're the man in the arena [0]. If the person is agreeable, you can talk and improve the code and the persons involved in this. If not, do not take the critics' criticisms and move on. Even if your patch or code is wrong , it doesn't give the person the right to hurt you. So don't allow him/her to do so. The critic might be right in its words , but wrong in its attitude . You can learn to separate the two, and thank for the advice while giving back the thorny part. Yes it's a very hard thing to learn, but when you learn it, you can keep the ability without much maintenance. When you learn this skill, you do not emotionally disconnect from your work. On the contrary, your connection is stronger and the elements cannot affect this connection between you and your work. Also, you have a much pure and powerful kind of empathy as a result of this learning process. Because you can look from the eyes of the critic, with the disconnection of the critic from your life and work, and process this criticism with the emotional connection to your code. This transforms the whole situation into something hard to describe, but it's very powerful indeed. Last but not the least, it's free from the emotional damage that critic deals (knowingly or unknowingly). Code on, keep creating and at least put it somewhere visible. You don't need to shout about it. [0] http://www.theodore-roosevelt.com/trsorbonnespeech.html > The difference is that you are paid to do that. You are not helping those people out of personal altruism. I'm not working as a system administrator for its pay, I work here because I like my job. Payment is a side effect of it. So it's like a paying hobby for me. It also other side benefits like being able to carry my academic knowledge to my work and vice versa. > , so wasted time is not lost. I do not consider helping a person to learn something, to show something they don't know, or to point them the right direction as wasted time . It's kind of planting seeds. It may come alive or not. I just put in the effort that I can. > You did a successful job nonetheless. Honestly, thanks. :) > If I on the other hand like to help people with coding problems in my free time, and they don't even bother to properly format the code they want me to look at, I'm wasting time if I still try to read it. I'd auto-format in Eclipse and try to read for five minutes. If I fail, then I send back my formatting work and politely ask for making it more readable. This is my way of saying no: "Hey I can't help you, but that's what I've done while my time allowed. If you do your part, I'll try again to do my part when I have more free time." My time, and nobody's time is for free, and using it effectively is very wise, you're right! > Yeah, there are strategies for dealing with criticism. I use this a lot when dealing with customers (I love the analogy of the feedback bucket - put the shitty feedback in the bucket and use it to grow roses of insight). It's easier to deal with this kind of criticism, because the customer is always right. That's a good strategy too, however I do not explicitly use the things I said as a "strategy". I always live like that, so it can be said that it's my default mode. However, I need to say I was much like you. With some hard work and determination I've changed myself. > But add the emotional vulnerability to the well-known entitlement stuff ("I used your code in my project and it doesn't work, so you need to fix it"), and the hassle of dealing with other people (ugh), and, well... why bother? I wouldn't bother too, but send them a bug report template to fill. If they say it doesn't work, they need to put the money where their mouth is, and tell me exactly why and how it doesn't work. > The upside that you describe - or struggle to describe... I've never experienced that. I find myself explaining my code to someone because they criticised it without understanding it, and there's no feelgood there. I wish there was. You're telling yourself. My code didn't suck, but they didn't read/understand it. Don't forget that the problem is on the other side of the fence. You don't need to feel bad, because the other side didn't understand it. It's not because your code sucked. Don't let them throw their frustration to your turf. I also don't believe that "I am responsible for my emotions". It frames emotional / emphatic people as weak as you say, however I don't also think that retaliating with anger is a solution to this problem, but I also don't imply pacifism as the solution. Every kind of bullying is deteriorating and highly damaging. I've experienced this for 10 years straight, and I decided that I will never do anything to anyone that I don't want to experience (Don't sow anything you don't want to reap). However in real life, we need to protect ourselves against these manipulators and bullies. We can overpower them, we can play their game or we just become too hard to attack. I've chosen the third way. When someone attacks me in any way, I don't provide them any fuel with my anger or sorrow. I give them nothing. If they're criticizing me, I note words (but not the emotions), and give them a hard think. If I can get anything useful from it, I use the advice. If nothing comes out, I throw everything away. Of course I'm not perfect at this, I also have soft sides. I sometimes short circuit after the event, but I sorted out most problematic parts of my life that way. I even saved my career that way. It's not an easy thing, but it's highly rewarding if you ask me. If they want the tests to be written beforehand by the patch developer, they need to write that in the guidelines. If that isn't present in the guidelines, or they're not accepting patches to testing/building process, they should write these tests themselves. Otherwise it's just the same thing as child labor. Unethical, ugly, and sad. While I also love MagSafe and its features, wouldn't having a more standard port is much better? iPhones are constantly bashed by a group of users because of not having USB-C connectors. Having four USB-C ports with identical capabilities on a MacBook pro is a more pragmatic and flexible solution to have, when compared to MagSafe. On the power level and power button issue, Apple changes its features to shape customer behavior and expectation from its devices. Apple removed battery meter from Macs since it's standby is too long (30 days) and robust (auto-hibernation), so you're unlikely to run out of juice. They also believe in the stability of MacOS such that it's not important whether the machine is off or in standby. Because it boots in ~10 seconds and wakes up in ~2. They want to remove these distinctions from their computers and try to lower your cognitive load. Actually this is one of the finest features of the Macs IMHO. They don't make you think to use it. Open the lid, and if the screen doesn't come on, press the power button, done. It's also possible and a sound idea, however I think that idea is filtered by Johnny Ive's "remove everything which is not strictly necessary" rule, and his love for clean designs and symmetry (which is an evolution of Sony design philosophy BTW). IMHO, Macs are much more functional than they look, but they need a different way of thinking and some adjustment. Apple likes to move in front of the curve in terms of connectivity and its utilization. It's their way of design, and they like to show it as a part of the brand. However, I'm not implying that everyone should be comfortable with the operation principles of new MacBooks or their devices in general. I love the challenge and the different perspectives they bring, but it's sometimes limiting and slowing down until finding the best way to utilize them. This is why we have different brands and designs, because one design indeed doesn't fit all. You're right. I also like Rams and aware some of his work. Also I see traces of his work through Mac/iOS calculators (which nods to Braun's ones), and apple's software (low level) design philosophy. That adjustment, at least in my case, doesn't come from the tool itself. I'm also a heavy Linux desktop user, so making two systems work nice (for my standards) took some time when I introduced Macs into my workflow ~10 years ago. Currently I have no friction. I think if I was solely a Mac user, that initial friction should be non-existent. OTOH, the newest Mac I have is a Mid-2014 MBP. I don't know how the new ones compare. Honestly, I'm way too flexible and adaptable when it comes to new designs and paradigms. I think I don't have the complaint circuitry in my brain. I like to just accept and adapt. I see it as a way to counteract the tendency of being fixed on things I like, but are outdated. I also love to bring good ideas and features from new things to the old, to refine my old habits and increase productivity. But, as I always say, that's just me. Even old Nokia phones were able to test the maximum current drawable from the charger connected to their charging port, and adjust charging current accordingly. A cutting edge smartphone which cannot manage its battery charging process sounds a bit strange. AFAIK Qi is a standard which can communicate too, so things look stranger... For the uninitiated, Nokia phones had a feature called net-monitor which acted as a global debug console and had 60-something pages. One of these pages were battery and charging status and data. Creating signature normalization wrappers, which contain superset of all the function parameters really complicates the code a lot. It's like trying to push anything and everything through a little hole. "Everything is fast for small n." -Knuth. While syncing some million files, I'm sure it'll have an impact tho. P.S.: Yes, we use it for a million files, regularly. IIRC, switch statements bigger than a certain sizes are compiled to jump tables. So it's just a static jump after the code finds a working method. In theory, it's a very cheap piece of assembly after that point. PoC||GTFO's [0] most issues are polyglot files. Taken from 0x16 [1]'s introduction: This file, pocorgtfo16.pdf , is a polyglot that is valid as a PDF document, a ZIP archive, and a Bash script that runs a Python webserver which hosts Kaitai Struct’s WebIDE which, allowing you to view the file’s own annotated bytes. [0]: https://www.alchemistowl.org/pocorgtfo/ [1]: https://www.alchemistowl.org/pocorgtfo/pocorgtfo16.pdf We've bought some of their high end ZFS boxes. While I cannot comment for the hardware and experience (I temporarily left the team after we bought the HW), during the buying process I gained some valuable insight about them. It looks like, unlike Apple, Microsoft or Google they are motivated solely by the money. Not the monopoly, not the domination, not the technology, just the money. If they can earn the same amount of money, without doing anything, they will happily do that. Yes, they have very good technologies, but they are just built for the money. Every corporation is in for the money, but money is generally a byproduct of good services and technologies, however it's backwards for Oracle. Services, products, and technologies are a byproduct of money. Money is not needed for products. Products are needed for money. This is why Oracle is used also as an acronym for Larry Ellison's character and material wealth. @faceplanted, exactly that. Thanks for the clarification. On the contrary, Java is a very nice language in its core. It was dubbed C+- or C++ for lazies, and the language fits to this definition very nicely. For most part, it can do a lot of things easily, but since it was a heavy language when the computers was as powerful as a Raspberry Pi (MK-I), it became infamous because of its resource usage. This problem was compounded by Java's "conceal programmer's errors" mentality, especially in Java Swing. Swing has a very specific way of initializing things, and if you mix them up, Swing fixes them internally, but with a performance penalty. This results in performance penalties and increased resource usage. As a result, Java was used as programmers' MATLAB for a decade or more. This is because it's very widespread, and very hard to monetize. It became a commodity runtime like Python in early 2000s (and Sun was actually happy about it). By experience, I divide the businesses / businessmen into two main groups. First group is motivated by serving the demands and needs of the market, and they earn money as a result. Second group wants to earn money, and they earn money by trying to serve the market's demand or by bullying people into buying their products. First group earns way more money, produces way more higher quality goods, and people are happy to work with them, because don't feel ripped off or short changed. The second group makes you feel ripped off, produces inferior products and never supports you if something goes wrong. Earning money is a side-effect for the first group. Yes, they earn money, but since they provide quality goods or services, they earn money without effort. For the second group since earning money is the primary target, they don't care about the products they provide unless the money stops flowing. I didn't intend to imply that business shall be free. I tried to say that good business inevitably brings money in, and Oracle doesn't provide good business to earn money. They just want your money, and give you something in return to act as a memorial item and as an instrument to get more money from you. Relevant discussion in another Oracle related post[0]. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18389481 Other companies may be behaving similarly, but Oracle is the perceived worst, and it says something. Because, they plainly don't hide it and try to be nice, at least. I also think that they're the worst in the industry. I think he's doing his job very, very well [0]. The vulnerability in linked post is disclosed directly to the public. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18395855 Sorry, I missed the statistics part. I've never came across the one you mentioned either. I'd love to read that. My perceived worst definition was not about only business practices BTW. I meant in every category . Nonetheless, supporting the products you sold are also a business. :) I have seen a complete project. The project was maintained by one person. Former developer left and transferred his work to the next. It was a C project, but the second developer was coming from a Java background. So his half is all written with Java notation and naming conventions. The thing was maths-heavy and had no comments. Instead they were consulting to a documentation book which also had file names and approximated line numbers. The error tracing was done with function call stacks, so every function pushed some data into a global stack before a critical operation and, popped the same data if everything went without any problems. Some libraries they were using were ad-hoc patched to taste, and grafted into the code tree. So, debugging was 5x harder and longer. The functions were not divided into headers in a logical way, they were ad-hoc. So finding something was dependent on an source indexer or a grep sprint. Last but not the least, the developer was so arrogant that the bugs were resolved by threatening to force him to clone his code and sent it out to another developer to debug and clean. Otherwise he pretended that the bugs were not present, because it was running on his test bed. ... and yes. It was in production. Obligatory XKCD: https://xkcd.com/303/ Absolutely. Maybe, if we pitch the idea to Randall, he may prove it. :) I have a deep respect for BSD family, and their way of doing things, but regardless of OS and distro, apt is probably the most advanced package manager currently. When used with aptitude, it's very easy to use, extremely powerful and flexible. Also, it has the most extensive knowledge on details of packages in terms of dependency graphs and modification of files which belongs to packages. At least, that's what I saw in 14 years. I also despised having systemd for some time, but it's not giving big headaches in our installations. So I adapted and got used to it. Besides being a multi-role-somewhat-messy-blob, what are the grief points of systemd in 2018? Edit: carified the question. No, honestly I didn't. I've installed OpenBSD to a VM in the beginning of the year to learn it, but I had no time to either play or learn using it. Looks like I need to resume learning it. Thanks. administration differences, not being designed according to UNIX principles and personal dislike towards developer(s) is coming to my mind. administration differences is the most direct effect of systemd, but after learning its various compatibility layers and watchdog functions, it can be tamed to a great helper. not being designed according to UNIX principles (composition of single-role small applications, which are doing their jobs very very well) is also bothering me, but we need to be pragmatic here. inter-process-communication cannot replace in-memory-communication in all cases it seems. The hate towards the developer(s) is stemming from his attitude, history (he's also developer of pulseaudio IIRC) and somewhat from his coding style. It seems like he's a kind of guy who can defend his work, do this in an unorthodox way, make it work and got it accepted. At the end of the day, the hate is a feeling and is personal. I think we need to be pragmatic here too. Not that better communication from both parties will benefit everyone and everything in the long run. At the end of the day, we are using systemd, and it's working. If we want a better system, we need to improve it. systemd is the state of the art right now, and we should either write something better or improve it if we have any beef with systemd itself. OTOH, Beef with developers is something that should stay out of software and community in general. My original comment was trying to explore whether there are more reasons to dislike it besides the original points that I stated above. Doesn't Debian support[0] init system switching? Just curious. [0]: https://wiki.debian.org/Init Thanks, will try FreeBSD first, then. You're right, I didn't take the scripts part into consideration, also the problem of breaking pipelines is real, there's no doubt about that. However, dividing teams into developers and (Dev)Ops sides like warring factions is not healthy. I'm also an ops guy (more precisely a sysadmin who supports a lot of users and servers) in my day job, and a I develop stuff for academic world and for my own pleasure in my free time, so I know both sides of the so-called moat. Using features because they're hot is not also OK for any application, but not using features which can solve real problems is unwise in my book. We also had hacks which were working perfectly fine until systemd came. We evolved, changed how we do things and moved along. > "It works fine for us , so it can't be a problem for anyone else, right? Right?" I didn't want to tell or imply anything resembling this. I just gave my own opinion, based on my experience. I will try both, promise. :) I also find OpenBSD's ideology more resonating to me. I also like the usage homogeneity, but not everyone thinks the same way. I also like the loginctl and service auto-recovery functions TBH. Will check it, thanks. They have listened to the people. Systemd has selected as a result of a poll [0]. [0] https://people.debian.org/~stapelberg/2013/05/27/systemd-sur... As an (un)written rule, UNIX commands are mostly silent, and output something if something went wrong. This is one of the things that systemd got right I think. Yes, it feels awkward at first, but systemd's behavior is not wrong. edit: oh, downvoted, OK. This is actually an outcome of rule of silence, which is part of the UNIX philosophy [0]. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy#Rule_of_Silenc... > SystemD was selected by the Technical committee, which was very far from unanimous in the decision. I didn't know that. I thought the poll was open to anyone to vote for the relevant time window. > Debian broke their social contract, showing that their priority was no longer with their users. Isn't this a little bold claim? AFAICS, the poll has spotted the potential problems and general grievances pretty well (like binary logs, etc.), and concluded that these reservations should be addressed before systemd has included in Debian? I'm not trying to defend systemd here. As I said in my comments, I disliked it first, and then I learnt and got used to it. My teammates has shown bigger reactions to it, and then they liked it too, after we configured it to behave the way we like. I didn't migrate to systemd voluntarily. It fell from above on me in a pretty hard way. What's wrong with chrony and ntpd? Just curious. BTW, how can I contribute? I might get interested if I have time. Martial arts are not always about fighting. It also has a lot of with body control, emotional control, focus and being calm. You don't need to practice heavy, fight oriented figures to practice martial arts too. I'm a Zen practitioner for ~4 years, and my master is also started to mix qigong into the practices. I also dance (tango), and there's awful lot in common with qigong about body control, movement and balance. There's an old proverb: "A good dancer is a good fighter, and a good fighter is a good dancer." Thanks! Congrats to you too. Tango is something much deeper than dancing, esp. when you have other practices in your life. You should certainly take these lessons! I'm from Turkey, my tango teacher is also from Turkey, and my master is from Korea. You can reach me via http://bayindirh.io I know that kind of concentration, or zoning out to be precise. Alertly listening your internal metronome and rest of the band/orchestra and being calm enough to trust your body and instincts at the same time. That's a tall order. I've also played double bass in a symphony orchestra, I know the stress and thrill that creates :D . While we were chatting with our master, art and martial arts came into subject. It turns out that practitioners also practiced classic arts (music, painting, dancing, drawing, calligraphy, etc.) during their training. It's considered a catalyst and an essential part of the training, because it promotes calm, focusing and fine work. It also balances the more outward/powerful side of the energy. As a developer, I consider coding as an art. Writing code with the same concentration and calmness both accelerates the development of the code and really settles some of the dust which practice inevitably stirs up. Really, everything is much more connected than it seems. Please don't give up drumming. I'm aware of the Debian's Technical Committee, but I was unable to follow them all-along during that so-called discussion . During this period, I was a developer and so-called tech lead of a Debian derivative distro. We were working on some absurd requirement about generating system responses on some events, pulling continuous all-nighters. One day systemd packages arrived to Debian (sid or testing, I don't remember), and using it solved our problem. This is how I became aware that Debian packaged systemd, and it's gonna be the next default init, that's all. As I said before, I don't blindly support systemd or anything. I'm just using Debian for 14 years or so, and I'm riding on what comes along. I don't have time to devote serious development time to them, however I wish I was able to contribute into Debian or any serious FOSS project. Hmprhf. > coding can be an art but you need a special context (interesting problem, good tools, good colleagues [or your own sel]). I'm a self motivated coder TBH. My day job is HPC cluster administration (the team is also fun), and I'm interested in high performance algorithms personally. I've also completed my MSc. and PhD, and developed projects which needs high performance algorithms and methods. I currently work on problems and projects of my own and write research papers occasionally, so I'm a happy camper. > the other art idea is interesting, because no matter the field, the sensitivity required to feel good and do good is about the same, just through different senses (finger, ear, etc). Far east practices help someone to build some enormous power, however this power needs to be controlled. Otherwise, it's nearly impossible to put it to good use. Other arts help developing this control via extreme concentration and with the requirement of fine and refined results. >Drumming can be as minute as painting or clockwork... There's no doubt about that. We (the double basses and tubas) always relied on drummers consistency as a backup metronome in the orchestra. Funnily there's a triple redundancy in that part of the orchestra. Double basses, tubas and drums all listen to each other to regulate their tempo. And there's the conductor, who acts as the authoritative metronome. > I'm not sure I get the 'enormous power' part... Unfortunately, it's very hard to describe with words, you need to experience/feel it. For a very simple analogy, it can be compared to force in the Star Wars universe. It manifests itself as confidence to the outside world. If it's nurtured well, and one can get rid of its ego, this force makes people humble and able. Otherwise it makes them dominant and bully-ish. Latter one is damaging to both the person and its surroundings, while the former one can be used for creation and other good deeds easily. It boils down to facing yourself and overcoming your problems with your "self". It's really borderline impossible to describe with words. So, it brings the subject to definition of Zen. :) Zen is something which can not be written down or told with words. If it can be precisely described with writing or words, it's not zen. > The notion of timing in a group of people is one very magical thing. Precisely. :) It's ~4 years now, possibly a little longer. Edge is an evolution of Internet Explorer. They removed some of the quirks they have added over the years, modernized the engine, but it's Internet Explorer to its core. It's just rebranded. I use Firefox daily, alongside Chrome for a very long time. Firefox manages system resources much better, works way more stable, and behaves the way I want, without any exceptions. Chrome feels like an untamed animal which does stuff without telling you, and I don't like it. Any reliable sources? I'd love to read more, and correct my knowledge if it's wrong. The problem with GMail is, it's too convenient to use, and relatively secure because of 2FA support. Also, people (including me) think that some newsletters, some bills and receipts are not very personal, so people don't care. I have two main addresses, one is from a local provider and my all financial e-mails and other stuff is coming to that e-mail address, however they don't encrypt anything. I also just got a free Proton mail, and will upgrade the account when I'm a little better off. Paid e-mail addresses are not meaningless, but they're harder to justify in most people's eyes. BTW, I never store anything which makes me uncomfortable, anywhere incl. my brain. That's a much better way of living. Not that privacy conscious people is hiding something, but that's my policy. That's also what I tried to say in my previous (grandparent) comment, no? :) > G Suite from Google is still Gmail... I think there's a confusion, by GMail, I've pointed to the free offering, not the GSuite, sorry for being not clear. > My point was that people aren’t willing to vote with their wallet, but being a loud mouth doesn’t cost anything. Because I think that the same people believe that their e-mail is not that private , so they don't feel the need for voting with their wallets, however they are loudmouths because they're bothered by the breaches or privacy invasions they read/hear. They feel they are either exempt from this or not affected as much, so they're not alarmed. Actually, for me piracy was more about availability and unfair pricing. Especially for music. After I started my job and the prices came down with the help of online music sales and streaming, I bought a lot of CDs and digitally distributed music. Most of them were albums that I already have, because I wanted to support the artists which brought that feelings into my life. Same is also valid for software, movies, or anything. If I can justify price of a software, I buy it. Otherwise, I use something FOSS instead. > With recent political trends towards the far right, it could become a harder choice for even more. Yes, you're right. The climate worldwide is not the kindest recently. BTW, with uncomfortable I didn't mean opinions or ideas, but anything which will embrass you or put you in a hard situation if revealed. As a corollary, this means living an honest life and telling what you think. Generally violence doesn't born from ideas themselves, but the way these ideas are told. So talking politely and without attacking the other side results in a reasonable discourse in most cases. Disagreement is in the nature of communication, and if can be managed well, it's very beneficial to both parties. Yes, it’s called keyless entry and ignition system. When I was in the states we were discussing this with a friend. He idly noted that after a valet gets into your car he can just select "drive home" in the GPS, open the garage with the integrated garage door opener, and just walk into the house. He then added "It's good that I always lock the door in the garage too". Actually Eclipse's git UI is very practical. I use it whenever I'm developing somehting in Eclipse, however I still command line as much for other reasons. OTOH, I despise heavily modified bash/zsh/whatever profiles which makes the environment non-portable. Extreme eye-candy in the console makes stuff harder for devs/admins who logs in to thousands of servers. It's just a bundled extension inside Firefox. You can't uninstall bundled extensions, and you can bundle yours in your custom Firefox installation if you want. Did a similar thing for a project, rolled out customer's own Firefox extensions (for office workflow) to employee desktops. Extensions were bundled because the employers sometimes uninstall them and freak out because they can't work anymore. I'm one of Pocket's top 1% readers, but not everyone likes it, and doesn't have to. Move aside, I'm an HPC administrator! :) In the HPC world, things are not as clear cut benchmarks, or the vendors' own marketing materials/numbers. First of all, the application you're running may be developed for a specific compiler, and the code sometimes depends on optimization behavior of a compiler. So, changing compilers changes a lot of things. This is why we have both Intel's tools, and GCC toolchain fully supported. For example, LAPACK and its siblings take compiler behavior and CPU specifications into consideration while compiling in an optimized way to maximize its performance IIRC. Also, there's no guarantee that Intel's compilers are fastest on Intel hardware. In the days of Opteron 6100s, using Intel compilers, we were able to beat Intel processors of the same era. You heard it right: Compile using intel compiler with specific flags, run on AMD CPUs, get higher performance, profit! Intel's AVX512 is well used and abused in HPC world, however AMD's HPC performance is not as bad as jandrewrogers implied in his comment [0]. AMD is originally an FPU company, and while their scalar instructions may lack on paper, they run really fast. In HPC world, the CPU/board architecture becomes irrelevant after some point. SpecCPU benchmarks are the ultimate benchmarks, because their behavior is compiler agnostic and push every aspect of the CPU very very hard. If you can get the same SpecFP with an Intel part, you can get the more or the less same performance on real workloads. If you have any other questions, you can AMA. I'll try my best to answer. Funny addenda: We have some applications used widely by users, and when fully optimized, some older Intel CPUs outpace the newer ones by a significant margin. This is some heavy handed, exotic optimization. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18628592 From what I've read now [0], it looks like AMD still uses 2 x 128bit AVX units to execute AVX2 instructions. Also, AMD is always coming a generation behind Intel in terms of FP instructions sets, so Zen doesn't support AVX512. According to WikiChip [4], Zen 2 actually has 256 bit FPU paths. I was unable to find a credible benchmark for Zen 2, so I can't talk about its performance. However, when analyzed from the perspective I've given below, it's not hard to assume that Zen 2 is a heavy hitter in terms of floating point performance. However, the interesting part is, when you look to SpecCPU 2017 FP Rate [1], AMD Epyc 7601 [2] system has a similar per core performance with a much bigger Intel Xeon Platinum 8180 [3] system. Why interesting? * AMD's per core base (lowest) rate is 4.1875. * Intel's per core base (lowest) rate is 4.3482. * AMD is running GCC compiled code. * Intel is running Intel compiled code. * Intel has higher clock speed. Intel has some CPUs (like Gold 5118, Gold 6148) which have per core base rate of ~5.125. These are the CPUs are considered as HPC processors, and used by a lot of people. As I said before, it looks like Zen 2 is going to be a better HPC processor than Zen. Zen looks like a very good Enterprise processor now. So with my hat, I can conclude that not having 512 bit hardware is not a crippling omission. Addenda: I forgot to say that Intel has something called "AVX frequency". Since AVX, AVX2 and AVX512 has tremendous power requirements when compared to other operations, Intel lowers CPU to an undisclosed frequency. When I last checked, AVX frequencies of Intel CPUs that we use weren't in the technical guides and were not public in any way. So, the peak SpecFP Rate is not very different from the base ones. Also, since the CPUs thermal budget is very constrained during AVXx operations, other ports' speed is also reduced. So at the end of the day, AVX512 is not a free turbo boost in HPC environments and heavy/continuous loads. [0]: https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen#Floa... [1]: http://spec.org/cpu2017/results/rfp2017.html [2]: http://spec.org/cpu2017/results/res2018q4/cpu2017-20180917-0... [3]: http://spec.org/cpu2017/results/res2017q4/cpu2017-20171017-0... [4]: https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen_2#Ke... You're right. Also Intel's AVX implementation is very power heavy, and they need to lower CPU frequency to fit into their thermal budget (see "Addenda:" in my previous comment). Also yes, AMD's memory subsystem has much lower latency, and has higher bandwidth. Also their direct-attach approach is better than Intel. I forgot that advantage TBH :) However, I can argue about L3s effect on speed. In some cases, the code and the data is so small, but the computation is so heavy that, you can fit almost everything into the caches. I had a 2MB binary which required 200MBs of memory at most, but it completely saturated the CPU in every way imaginable. So, in some cases caches have great affect on speed. Especially if the data you're invalidating and pulling in is huge. However, if the circulation is slow, a faster FPU always trumps a bigger cache. > Are you talking Zen1 or Zen2... Unfortunately, neither. The last AMDs I was able to play with Opteron 6xxx series. The later ones weren't as fast, and Zen 1 was not easy to obtain, so we were unable to acquire them. The last ones I used were better from their competitors of the era. I also had a desktop system from that era which was way better, at least for my workloads. I'd love to play with Zen 1/2 and compare "benchmarks" to "real workloads", because as I said before, in HPC, benchmarks are just numbers. e.g. Your memory bandwidth may be low, but if it's low latency & you're hammering the bus, bandwidth may not be limiting. OTOH if you're streaming something continuously, your latency becomes moot, because the bus has already queued up everything you need and can continue piling up stuff you need until you process the ones at hand. For the second scenario, I have listened to a talk about an embedded system, which the developers were able to accelerate the system 10x by using an in-cpu accelerator unit to copy required memory segments to cache independently from the CPU. Thanks for the link. I will take a look. As I clarified below, in my other comment, we were unable to get new Zen systems. So I’m not knowledgeable about their behavior. However, I need to make my own benchmarks to see how this increased latency affects performance of different work loads and scenarios. Wikichip doesn't list AVX512 as supported. Am I missing something in the spec sheet? Maybe compilers are emulating AVX512 behavior with other instructions when targeting Zen/Zen+/Zen2 directly? This is some heavy-handed testing & I love it. I think it's an instant classic. It's almost 2019. Are we still fighting over this? OTOH, purely from my experience, MS's tools are good for managing a domain, or some computers. When you start to administer hundreds or thousands of servers, scriptability of CLI tools and pliability of text files trumps all computer automation. xCAT and Salt are two tools (that I use regularly) which are built on these properties and can manage thousands of servers with a "flick of a finger". A very simple FAI or Kickstart server with small tools to enable provisioning can automate a lot of things in a non-IT oriented workspace. A simple HTML form to "arm" the installation server, a simple reboot and PXE booting can be much more effective than all the painkillers combined for remedying the headaches of IT people and managers alike. If you don't roll changes that often, you can distribute emergency USBs to install servers and workstations. Even a single USB can detect and install the system accordingly. - Complete Hyperion Cantos (incl. Endymion series) - Bad Blood (Still churning through) Hyperion is a 2500 page behemoth and took most of my year, however most of the things written in the book are not sci-fi, and overall the book is very enlightening. Still digesting the stuff in my brain. Bad Blood is a fascinating read. I'm still in the first quarter, and with this density, the events are well simply amazing to put it lightly. I think there's a misunderstanding. I was talking about fighting over "MS vs. Linux" on the subject of administration paradigm. Of course we should point out sucky tools regardless of its platform. Yes, it's technically possible. However, it's not always implemented like that. Also, in reality we don't have both, at least in my realm. Being able to tune a system from top to bottom solely with text files is just amazing. Also, some people hate "everything is a file" philosophy, but it's the enabler of this configurability. When I started programming Linux and saw that everything was accessible via normal file system, it was a big relief compared to W32's iceberg environment, where you cannot see everything and sometimes water is too cold to dive that deep. You're right. I've written that comment haphazardly and quickly, and forgot the authors of both books. Someone (like me) can archive this thread and get confused later. Worse he/she wouldn't be abe to find the intended books. Hyperion Cantos is written by Dan Simmons. It's 4.5 books. - Hyperion - The Fall of Hyperion - Endymion - The Rise of Endymion - Orphans of the Helix (a novella in the same universe) Bad Blood is written by John Carreyrou. It tells the story of Theranos' rise and fall & everything in between. Debian & its friends have it as “bastet” package if you want to give it a try. The game is very good at giving you a false hope while playing. Then it takes the hope little by little :D I think everything in this post is amazing. Really. When you clear the cache or visit the site for the first time and zoom in, you can see the tiles load. These lines are at the stiching borders, and coming from the stiching algorithm. Lens/sensor limit moire looks very different when compared to this. > Why wouldn't they erase a duplicate? IMHO to make the scene look more dynamic. These gigapixel images are an extreme kind of landscape photography. None of these people are directly targeted in this photography. Even street photography doesn't target people as-is. They become objects, they are stripped from their identity. They are part of the picture only. It's a high end, full frame, high resolution (36+ MP) SLR or mirrorless. Nikon d850, Sony A7R3, etc. When you need to inherit something that big (a corporation, programming language, a missle, etc.), you need to make sure that it won't be cannibalized or just killed outright. So you delegate your powers to a group of optimal number of people. Yes it's boring, yes it's slow, yes it's bureaucratic, but it's realistic and pragmatic. Python will continue to grow if they can run this governance model well. They can become debian of the programming languages. If you're flashing via the UEFI interface itself (which can have a very fancy terminal), the firmware might need to be signed. I bet Microsoft will not share the signing keys. I think it won't. Because it looks like there's even a magnet on the Korg's tube. They might be leveraged that same research, and listed it as a prior art or paid him as co-inventor. I have an AKAI AM-2850 amplifer older than me. Its VU meters a bit lazy, but otherwise it's still shaking the house. I'm no way getting rid of it! P.S.: I generally dispose any of my devices when they let their magic smoke out. Computers stay at least five years and upcycled. Mine -> Family -> Extended family -> so on. We use virt-manager to virtualize servers on servers with joy, however I use VBox to virtualize Windows hosts with hardware acceleration if possible. How is the state of KVM's support about 3D acceleration, sound, drag'n drop and like? > If you have on the host system a graphics card that you can fully dedicate to the guest system. Which implies a special-build system to play some odd Windows games ocassionally, akin to building an Hackintosh. For my use case it's a definitive overkill :D > ...do pci-passthrough and let the guest system have nearly-full access to that graphic card with nearly full performances. Again which requires a CPU and system which supports vT-d (in intel jargon), which is the only feature which my 3770K doesn't support :D VirtualBox supports memory balooning. The interface is same with VirtIO's ballooning drivers AFAIK. The commands can be found in [0]. Since I want to virtualize Windows to play my simpler games only, rdp is not a very attractive choice. Using local speakers and sound virtualization is alright. I don't want crystal clear, high end sound. However, I'm not aware of the support level. [0]: https://www.virtualbox.org/manual/ch09.html Virgil 3D is a KVM feature. Boxes is just a frontend. Fedora, CentOS and RH enables it, but it's not landed on Debian yet AFAIK. I also use VMWare Fusion Pro for Mac. It's more professionally oriented, and its GUI performance is highest among the three. People are also happy with Parallels and its remote access service, but VirtualBox on Mac is only good for headless virtualization it seems. I wrote my Ph.D. thesis on a XFCE desktop on a Mac (via VMWare). It was basically seamless. I recommend it wholeheartedly. Assisted GPS talks with the towers around, pings them for distance and gets their coordinates. It's happening on the GSM layer. It's also a no-data exchange IIRC. In EU, there's an unspoken rule for cars to report speeds inflated by 5%. This is possibly based on an old research of SAAB which used a reverse logarithmic speedometer, giving feeling of exaggerated acceleration until 120-130 KM/h or so. Then the scale tightened so much that going significantly faster didn't move the speedometer that much. Also the needle hit top left quadrant much faster, hinting that you're going really fast. Also, EU uses L/100KM concept instead of MPG. When the speed is 0, most cars switch to L/h scale. Toyotas also show an infinity symbol when in MPG mode while the speed is 0. Maybe your car GPS is reporting higher? All cars I've driven were reporting %5-%10 more. Dashboards are user or factory configurable. Our Ford Focus had a button to change between L/100KM and MPG. My friend's VW Bora's dashboard was OBDII configurable. The options were Japan/US/EU IIRC. Setting to US not only changed it to MPG scale, enabled the door-open beeps. :D It's one of the operational modes. On the other mode it calculates the location on behalf of the user and responds back with it [0]. In both modes data connection is required, so I'm mistaken. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assisted_GPS For anyone interested below are some examples: 1- https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Instrume... 2- https://i.ytimg.com/vi/V0RyHPM0mBI/maxresdefault.jpg I remember the numbers right, but it wasn't reverse logarithmic scale. It was a hard transition at 140KM/h. It's much more direct for car to measure consumption as L/100KM. However the conversion is done by the instrument cluster on the VW. We were connecting to the instrument cluster via CANBUS and changing the setting directly on it. Also the beeps were handled at the cluster, not at the central config. Car technology is weird... It's not heavy as a complex operating system on the other hand. Also it handles latency on laggy connections much better. P.S.: This comment is written just for fun. It's just an Nerf attack, a little play. Thanks. If I was developing such a library, I'd add easter eggs into the code, tie all of them to a single, big switch and disable it by default. Last, but not the least, I'll document it as follows: This code contains easter eggs which are disabled by default. If you want to enable them, set easter_eggs_enabled=true. Please note that, the eggs have their own time, and it won't make them enabled all the time. I wonder why a small icon change is so bothering. Care to elaborate? Actually I've played Dune-II for a very long time on my 486, and have many fond memories from that era. Maybe because of that, the read didn't feel forced. It also enlightened me, why everything in the game clicked so well in my head. I still play it in DOSBox sometimes. It's worth a spin. From my perspective, it's the opposite. I think that "If they're smart and fun to implement a Christmas hat on the icon, they're possibly nice guys, and won't do something sinister". This is coming from my 20+ years of experience with computers and applications. I've seen that programs with easter eggs may have some stupid bugs, but won't have something sinister inside them. OTOH, applications with some very serious and no-nonsense attitude has the most advanced "phone home" mechanisms. This is my experience though. I'd happily stand corrected if I'm wrong. Worse, it's like they are developing something but not releasing it intentionally. Even the fast repaint algorithms are proprietary and not licensed to everyone. My Kobo Glo HD is advertising 50% faster page repaint with the new software. Amazon Kindle is using another algorithm, which is way different. Worse, the algorithms (called waveforms) are just pieces of software which are CPU architecture specific. They even don't port these algorithms between CPU architectures. > I'd point to the Google logograms as a "smart and fun [easter egg]" per your definition but they are definitely one of the more sinister corporations. That's a fair angle :) It would be hard, because the ISA is tightly bound to the underlying silicon's structure. Some of the commands cannot be translated to the silicon effectively or not at all. e.g.: MIPS have 64 x 64bit registers. You can use any of them as a source or a destination, however x86 always designates EAX as the ALU accumulator. This has some profound effects on silicon design. I think Zen2 implements 256 bit instructions natively [0]. For AVX512, the new instructions [1] rather than the floating point arithmetic will be a problem IMHO. Emulating them with the microcode will be expensive and will provide no performance gains. [0]: https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen_2 [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AVX-512 > Actually no. After decoding there is nothing special in the aex register. The microcode, or specifically the modern x86 processors, are using register renaming to move things around, but the actual ASM commands imply that the results should end in EAX register. You cannot arbitrarily do a MUL and get the result from EBX for example [3]. i.e. x86 assembly dictates where the results should end in. AMD played with two ideas: A pure ARM core, and a hybrid x86 core with ARM co-processor. The ARM core missed the performance targets [0], and they also abandoned the ARM accelerated x86 core [1], but I don't know why. They never intended to go full TransMeta and transcode the x86 ASM into something proprietary or ARM. Bonus: It seems they are still muling the idea of X86/ARM hybrid [2]. [0]: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/11/27/amazon_aws_graviton... [1]: https://www.extremetech.com/computing/205078-amds-project-sk... [2]: https://www.reddit.com/r/AMD_Stock/comments/8x4sba/the_retur... [3]: https://c9x.me/x86/html/file_module_x86_id_210.html I don't understand this type of audiophiles. I also have a fairly high end, vintage audio system at home, but I'd never do anything like that in the name of audio quality. There's a quote I love about these people: A normal person uses the audio system to listen music, while an audiophile uses music to listen to his audio system. I also have a 6th generation iPod Nano, an iPhone 5 and an iPhone X. I can hear the difference between the Nano and the iPhone 5. The difference is not much. iPhone has slightly better highs and slightly tighter lows. The headphones I'm using is Sennheiser MM70i (They use the same buds with CX400-II, I also have these). I didn't found the difference with "critical listening". One night I just started listening it, and it sounded different to my iPhone. Then I played the same song on the iPhone and found out the difference. The difference maybe due to different generations of DACs, different OPAMPS, different power budget, different decoders, etc. As I said before, the difference is not that much, but normal for the evolution of these types of electronics. Nano honestly sounds impressive for a device that compact. P.S.: I used to play euphonium in a large band and double bass in a symphony orchestra, so I have trained my ears for separation and tracking of instruments and rhythm. This is why I'm a bit more sensitive to these things than most of the people around. Infiniband is using extremely isolated and well balanced cables for passive/copper transmission. Also the cable lengths are very short for EDR and beyond (3m-5m is max usable length). For anything longer you need to use fiber cables with embedded converters. We have a cluster with ~1000 nodes and all generations of Infiniband (DDR/QDR/EDR) equipment, and routing all these copper cables without damaging them is not easy. The quality of digital tranmsission over copper cables is dependent on the size and clarity of "eye", which is the pattern which two sinusodial signals when run through and oscilloscope. Lower quality cables (HDMI/DP/Coax/etc.) has blurry and small eyes, which increases chances of artifacts and drives the error correction modules harder, while better cables are easier on the both sender and receiver, since they produce lower number of errors to correct. Trivia: Amphenol / Gore has high speed digital interconnect cables called Eye Opener Plus [0], which also used some of the Infiniband cables that we use. [0]: http://www.spectra-strip.com/Eye_Opener_Plus_Cable.cfm?Nav=E... It has the 80s modern vibe with today's technology. It definitely tickles something deep down in my mind too. Another possibility is that your CD player might not be flat. Marantz, Yamaha and other manufacturers add their slight sound signatures to their higher and models. I never benchmarked my Yamaha CD-S300 to other devices, but its flyers and web site never says it's completely flat on the analog outputs. The reviews of the player notes that it has the distinct Yamaha signature too. Also "Monitor" and "Flat" devices as their name implies sounds pretty flat and dull. All-in-all you should consider taking response graphs of your devices rightmark. All of the stuff is possibly patented. I'm not sure how you can create an open source implementation of something patented and protected so well. It's like the present situation of the exFAT. Most of the BBEdit can fit, however some functionality will be lost. Similarly, Fetch can fit. If Forklift, Cyberduck, Transmit and DaisyDisk can fit into the AppStore model with minimal losses, Fetch can too. However there's always a distinct beauty to an application which is downloaded independently and can run on a platform without restrictions. BBEdit has a very distinct feeling to it. It's fast, compact and packed with lots and lots of features. It's fitting into the definition of well distilled and developed application. BBEdit has a nice and distinct feeling of a well-baked application. I love its legacy parts with its take on modernism. I'm not a very old user, but after touring the usual suspects, I've returned to it and I'm very happy with it. Hack[0] is also a very nice font for coding. I use it on my terminals and IDEs with joy. [0]: https://sourcefoundry.org/hack/