>Voila, you have basically got bitpay. Yeah because their service can be reduced to 100 lines of code. Infrastructure, support, all the services they provide anyone could mimic with 100 lines of code, right? That's nonsense. All credit to bitpay for pushing the envelope towards mainstream adoption of Bitcoin. Don't listen to those people. Vim was very much worth the initial learning curve, for me at least. I never really used Sublime that much, so I can't speak for it. Maybe it gives you 80% of vim's productivity for 1/4th of the effort, but make no mistake, vim is an absurdly powerful tool which I'm 99% sure beats Sublime out of the water (though, again, I never got deep into Sublime, so take this with a grain of salt). Oh and the learning curve thing is greatly exaggerated, often by vim users themselves, seeking to brag to everyone about how they mastered the "fearsome learning curve of vim". The fact that that doesn't translate to actual benefits in metrics such as happiness or healthcare or income equality just goes to show how little raw money actually means. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the point of the guy you were arguing with in that thread was that the Ax standard was defined in terms of SI units as the US imperial units are? The very same thing happened in Portugal, where the Ministry of Education's guidelines for gauging teacher performance included taking the mean of a test graded in percentage points with another evaluation on a 1 to 5 scale.. by adding them and dividing by two! Made even more embarrassing by the fact that the Minister is a mathematician. Not that I disagree with you, but illustrating your point by comparing a madly cost-effective ASIC today to a madly overpriced PC several years old is a bit misleading. Why does it break the torrent model? Does it rely on having a "randomized" block download order? I know all that. My point is that in order to make a fair comparison you might as well compare an ASIC with a your point still stands the same . There is absolutely no need to fudge up the numbers because ASICs outclass general purpose hardware by orders of magnitude anyway. It's dishonest and with absolutely no need for it. As an aside, my 2 year old laptop gets 20MH/s and a latest-generation desktop CPU gets close to 100MH/s. If it stands across the board, all the more reason not fudge up by using an overpriced dated laptop as comparison instead of a recent desktop for instance. It would even illustrate the point better (even your "gaming" grade desktop will be orders of magnitude less efficient than a specialized ASIC). Funny how the superfluous Caps Lock key gets replaced with a search key. The point is that that vs doesn't even make sense. It's like saying what wheel is your favorite in your car, the front left or the rear left. Arguing for calculus vs linear algebra is equally stupid. They are different branches of mathematics with different domains of application. If you were looking to become a programmer, maybe you shouldn't have majored in chemstry, where strong Calculus foundations make perfect sense :) About your last paragraph, I would say that that is even more important to optimize and to make low level layers for than graphical game engines (believe it or not :)). The thing is while gaming is seen as a "performance critical" application, where it is natural to want the maximum performance to be squeezed out of your hardware, Web development is just a behemoth of inefficiency, and we think that that is the norm , an inevitable drawback of developing for the web, an inescapable trait of web applications. Web apps are dozens or even hundreds of times slower than native applications, and we think nothing of it, because it seems to be an inherent characteristic of the web about which we can't do anything. Your comment made me reconsider that. Maybe it doesn't have to be so. What if there was a Vulkan for the web, instead of the layers upon layers of inefficiency which are all the rage these days? What if I could run a medium complexity web page or app without it bogging my computer several times harder than a comparable native app? With a built-in encryption layer (on top of eventual HTTPS) it could be a useful "hack" for the kinds of situations mentioned in the readme. I wonder how facebook and the telecos will feel about this. All in all, a cool concept but unlikely to work in practice if either facebook or the telecos do not want to. I don't know the specifics about how the surveilance is implemented, but embedding encrypted payload in benign files is a neat idea to bypass internet censorship, at least in principle. Don't forget about Bitcoin. Wait, there's a fee to withdraw money from ATMs? Never heard of such a thing. Interesting concept, but some video of the results is missing. There's absolutely no reason to go on that kind of rant. We all know that. What the parent post was referring to was only the inflation due to the cost of living in developer hubs like SF. Truly a down-to-earth man. It would be easy for a person in his position to have fame and money go up to is head. But all the man wants to do is read books and play chess. Maybe more of us should be like him. Can you elaborate on what exactly do you do with it, and how? Why so? Why does it hit the middle earner? The fact that families with incomes under 125k pay no tuition doesn't mean that families in a higher income bracket get hindred. In fact, "Families with incomes at higher levels, typically up to $225,000, may also qualify for financial assistance, especially if more than one family member is enrolled in college. Financial aid offers vary by family, but the financial aid expansion for 2015-16 will allow Stanford to reduce the expected parental contribution for many families at these higher income levels." The Chromebit is probably the most exciting thing in that post for me. I wonder if it'll be this time that a company gets the plug-n-play PC right. I remember the big promises Ubuntu Phone, for example, made in this department. This measure is bullshit. Wasn't personal computing ubiquitous for two decades now? "In mathematics and computer science, an algorithm [...] is a self-contained step-by-step set of operations to be performed." -Wikipedia It's a detailed recipe to perform a task, so it's an algorithm. Alarming is the proper way to describe it. I remember how I thought it would never happen that I would buy a book and have it deleted remotely from my device when it so pleased the bookstore. But it happened. Then I thought absurd how anyone could seriously believe that the NSA was massively spying on its citizens and performing surveillance "carpet bombing". But then lo, Snowden happened. Time and time again it happened. And invariably, Stallman was right all along. Yeah, I really don't see the GP's point. The price for zero-cost abstractions and expressiveness is a monstrous complexity. If you want clean, expressive and easy-to-write code, you have a ton of languages where you can do just that. If you want performance and expressiveness, you will have to do with C++'s complexity. Speaking of backwards compatibility, I much prefer C++'s overzealous stance over the instability and inconstancy of Rust that prevents it from being used in any serious work. This is okay, it's a beta. I'll reserve judgment on Rust for now. But Rust also introduces complexity, while improving substantially in many areas. Of course it will do things better than what a language initially designed decades ago will do. A large amount of important systems rely on C++ and so it cannot change overnight, if at all. Rust on the other hand is free to experiment. The cost, at least in this early period, is unreliability. When, or if, Rust becomes as performant as C++, with a comparable number of libraries and platform support, then it will be a viable alternative (and I hope that day comes). For now, the only possibility for this use case is C++. I disagree. If there is one thing that is effectively endless is books to read. If you read one book per week for you entire life you would barely scratch the surface. This means that there is an incredible variety of books ranging from the fun entertaining page-turners those books that you "need a degree" to understand. The thing is, just because a book has a higher entry barrier (and a higher payoff) doesn't mean that it is objectively bad because it doesn't appeal to everyone. Maybe it's not for you, but it can certainly be appealing to many people who enjoy delving into a book and analysing if and so on. I don't have an English degree so I probably won't be arsed to put it the effort to read Finnegans Wake or whatever. But I certainly enjoy reading and analysing boss with more depth than DaVinci's Code. The same thing happens with games. Maybe you have no interest learning chess, and prefer to play Angry Birds because it gives instant payoff with little effort. And that's fine. But it doesn't mean that chess is "objectively inferior" because there is depth to it enough to study full-time for a lifetime. Same thing happens with music, and any art form, I guess. Complexity is not synonym with intentional or unnecessary obfuscation. The latter is just a silly way to create needless barriers to the understanding of the work. I'd like to say that I can't speak much for books. Like I said I don't read heavy classics nor do I spend dozens of hours analysing a text, but I sometimes do with music. Part of the pleasure I get from listening to classical music is from the aesthetic beauty and pleasantness of the sound, but a larger part is perhaps from re-listening to it and analysing it and discovering new things and meaning in the music. I have pieces that I have listened probably over 50 times, and still I can find new intricacies, or read an analysis that calls my attention to details I have missed, or simply just marvel at the ingenuity of some passage, etc. For me, analysis isn't a boring procedure that sucks the fun out of art. Much to the contrary, it enhances and deepens my experience beyond what I would have by reading the book/listening to the piece and then putting it aside forever. I couldn't agree more. It's rather alarming really, the mindset that most of the professional developers have on this matter. Making the life of the developer easier is the highest objective, low-level is derided, ease of use for the dev is readily bought with inefficiency, massive layers of abstraction and inefficiency and bloat are everywhere , and above all performance in the end product is sacrificed for the convenience of the developer. Now, I'm not saying to spend substantial amounts of time and money chasing small micro-optimizations. I'm saying it makes me think for a while that it seems like everybody just simply stopped giving a shit about performance , and then we end up with orders of magnitude of crud on our software. There is nothing whatsoever in the Mozilla Foundation statement of values that is incompatible with whatever political stance Mr Eich had personally. Flushing such an important person out the door because you find his position bothersome is nothing short of repulsive. But I'm sure you know this already. If you still don't give a damn, it's because you firmly believe that anyone that doesn't share your values on such a (fashionable) issue as gay marriage is a horrible person who deserves to be scorched clean off the company he founded. >*most Can you give me some data to support your claim? Or do you abide by the motto "The louder I speak the righter I am?" Which doesn't mean in the slightest that whomever disagrees with the majority deserves to be kicked out of the company he founded. >He could repudiate the donation and this would have evaporated overnight. Those views were apparently important enough to him to prevent such an option. So for you the best course of action would be to hypocritically pretend to be sorry in order to appease the clamour of the crows? And as he didn't, as he stayed true to his positions not flipping like a coward because he was pressured to do so, he deserves what he got? He resigned because of the clamour of the bullies, and because he didn't want the Mozilla Foundation to get hurt with it. That's irrelevant. What you think of his principles is irrelevant. He did nothing wrong or illegal except take a position that did not coincide with that of a very loud and mean crowd. Even if you or I do not agree, it's indeed admirable he had the courage not to flip to save his skin. Makes me wonder, as a non-web developer, would it be possible in principle to develop for the web in a low-level language like C/C++? What I mean is, is it only impractical and inconvenient for the developer, or is it fundamentally impossible? I get the sarcasm, but do you really need 37 friggin libraries to cover everyone's use cases in the relatively small field of JS graphing libraries? Nothing beats the power and flexibility of GNUPLOT. Still going strong after almost 30 years, with excellent documentation and loads of support on the web, too. Where does it download the games from? The fact that the games are included throws this project into very very legally murky waters. Why not both? Choice is good, and unless there is a good reason for only being able to choose one, I'd say offer devices is various price ranges. Precisely. She didn't "change the course of physics" at all. Nothing in her work was a massive paradigm shift. She didn't shape the field for decades to come. Einstein did that, with special and general relativity. Him, Planck, de Broglie and all that crowd did that with quantum theory. Noether's theorem is beautiful, powerful and amazingly profound, and she definitely deserves way, way more recognition than she gets. But it's wrong to say that she "changed the course of physics". If you want arrays of variables, you need pointers. It's not enough to know the value of an int (the first element of the array), but you need the pointer to an int (pointer to the first element of the array). Now you can increment the pointer to go to the next element. You couldn't do this with a simple value. Also, suppose you want to pass a variable of a large data type, like an image, to a function. Instead of copying the entire variable, just pass the cheap pointer. The analogy is giving someone an URL vs the source code of the site for them to paste in the browser (You can't fit the latter onto a QR code, for instance, but you can the former). The intention is good, but without meaning to be overly negative, this is not very well written at all. There is imprecise and needlessly confusing and unclear phrasing ("To visualize derivatives, we can draw a right triangle whose hypoteneuse [sic] is tangent to a function. If the triangle's width is , then its height is the derivative." is the most confusing and unintuitive way to visualize derivatives I can think of), a poor sequence of examples for someone who is not familiar with ODEs, plenty of things left unexplained (why do I solve \dot{y} = \cos(t) by integrating?) not to mention technical problems with hovering the graphs (at least in FF). It's also way, way too short. You simply cannot go from "an ODE is like an equation with functions and derivatives" to "let's solve one" in 5 sentences. Honestly, reading the Wikipedia page would be more beneficial for someone who wants to learn ODEs. Like I said the intention is good but I would suggest throwing everything but the pictures away and starting from scratch, preferably with a good textbook by your side to help you not only with facts, but more importantly with the pedagogic aspect. There are methods to solve them. RLC in particular can be approached with Laplace Transforms. However these kinds of equations need certain approximations and simplifications in order to become analytically tractable. I don't think it was very clear either. If you want to learn more about this I like Arfken, Mathematical Methods for Physicists as a bible of practical mathematics, or Stewart, Calculus for calculus in general. I don't think this is a criticism of this app, so much as web developing as a whole, but it's crazy how this app is hogging one CPU core at 100% to draw a circle AND still runs at around 15fps. Yes, like the GP said, plenty of survivor bias. It's easy to say stuff like that after you have succeeded. But succeeding takes a lot more than dropping out of school and following your dreams™. Above all, it takes hard work, and it takes plenty of luck. I think you must agree that no matter how painless it is, binary A more suitable change would be to offer the app for free, with 10 free articles and 1 per day, and offer a one time purchase of 1.99 to lift the limits entirely, turning it into the equivalent of v1. The way you did it is you changed it so that the act of sending an article cost money, instead of paying a small one time fee and sending as many articles as you wanted. They are, in day-to day usage, up to a factor. I think it mostly has to do with Buddhism being seen by the majority of people, especially in the western world, as an oriental philosophy and less as a religion like Christianity or Islam. So people outside of Buddhism feel sympathetic to the Dalai Lama and Buddhism in general, in a way that, for instance, an Islamic does not feel for the Pope. It also helps that his messages are in general agreeable. The whole peace and meditation and good-will stuff has a very low potential for controversy. EDIT: Also let me add that I don't see why you are being buried. You aren't being disrespectful or rude or in anyway breaking the guidelines by asking these questions. You even stated in the first post that you if you came across as snarky it wasn't intended. As a side note, I love the index on the left hand side of the player, that lets me quickly jump to any section of talk, instead of having to fish for the part when he starts talking about the algorithm, for instance. An awesome feature I wish other websites had too. Once you've used it more than once or twice, however, you will find that writing cfv is much more convenient than typing --create --verbose --file every time you want to tar something. Why is /g/ obnoxious? Precisely! This sort of mentality that the system has a duty to protect investors from being burned is completely upside-down in my eyes. It's the investors that must take the fall when the entity they invested in goes bust, definitely not the gov'ts at the expense of the taxpayers. They are to blame for the mistakes committed up until the bailout. The destructive IMF/ECB mandated policies, that held down Greece's economy from any possibility of meaningful recovery all the while making the citizens poorer and poorer, all so that the big banks could effectively have the risk from their investments offloaded to the taxpayers, is totally not Greece's fault. "They have enjoyed the upside of their investment, and thanks to intervention by the European authorities, no downside." This is what gets me. Such is the cosiness between banks and government that this happens. Banks essentially win big time by buying bonds with absurdly high interest rates (that require herculean sacrifices by the citizens of the affected countries to even attempt to repay), all the while completely bypassing the risk that made the interest rates s high in the first place! Do you think it would still be possible to get into UO today or has the game changed an the community dwindled to a point that the game is effectively dead? What about things that Rust shipped without that should have been included? >also Python is so well entrenched as the successor to Fortran in the scientific computing space Uhhh... no. FORTRAN is literally the fastest programming language in existence. Maybe Python is good for prototyping or pre/post-processing some data, but with a performance hit in the 100x order of magnitude, you won't run Python scripts for the bulk of any serious scientific computing project. "Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth." -- Oscar Wilde Relevant as always. Hardly. Nintendo was already one of the (if not the ) major video game companies. Mario was a household name, they had hundreds of millions of games shipped, they made such massive hits as the NES, SNES, Game Boy, not to mention making literally dozens of celebrated timeless games. It's a bit ridiculous to try to paint the picture of a small company upsetting the balance and applying the "disruptive" buzzword to 2000s Nintendo. As for living to fight another day, well, that's the price of innovation. For every Wii, there is a Virtual Boy. For every Ocarina of Time there is a Phantom Hourglass. Not every bold move pays off, not every innovation is well received. Fortunately for Nintendo they never stopped innovating and taking risks. The times it paid comfortable offset the times it didn't (like the current gen Wii U). Besides that, they have extremely valuable IP they can cash on (Mario, Pokémon, etc). Try http://www.streamable.com You may not like the implication, but it's there. It's a fact. Even when brought in via affirmative action, minorities are consistently weeded out at higher rates than, say, whites or men. No implications needs to be made because the statistics are there for everyone to see. And this is a bad thing, but not like you think. This is where I mainly take issue with the contemporary SJW/PC types. The fact that some minorities (for the sake of argument let's take white men v black women) are underrepresented in the number of, say, CS graduates is a bad thing, a problem that needs solving. The way to go about this, in my view, is not , and I repeat, not , by just admitting/hiring more black women to universities/companies despite being lower qualified than white men. We could do this, and pat ourselves in the back for a job well done and leave with our outstanding moral fibre confirmed, and be very politically correct. But that changes nothing . The fact is that to solve this complex issue we need to look into the root causes of the problem that causes black people to perform statistically worse in tests, or women to be less likely to enroll in a CS degree. And that takes a whole hell lot more effort than superficially sweeping the issue under the rug with affirmative action et al. It would be a massive undertaking that would involve shakeups at the core of our society. Naturally the champions of the politically correct aren't so inclined, and prefer to simply sit and be outraged by, and offering as only solution to simply "cheat" until the statistics seem agreeable. And that, I stress, alters none of the core societal problems that caused those twisted statistics in the first place. I don't know about you, but I would prefer to see these problems rectified and true equality of opportunity be established rather than just shrugging it off and twisting the statistics until they are "good enough". Just hit the arrow. It definitely does need fixing, but not by simply admitting/hiring more minorities until the statistics are agreeable (easy) but by actually making those deep structural changes to enable true equality of opportunity for all (much harder). What I think he meant, at least if I understood correctly, is that Disney stories and characters from the 30s and 40s, like Mickey Mouse et al, should themselves by all rights be public domain by now, like Snow White or Cinderella were, so that other artists could be inspired by them and create their own derivative works. That's, in the end, their prerogative. They can choose to give, but under a no-derivative licence, if they so wish. Of course you are producing more value than you are being paid for. Why else would an employer hire you? You may not like the analogy, and the difference in scale is surely a big one, but the principle is the same. In slavery, you were prevented to quit by physical coercion. In capitalism, you are prevented to quit because if you do you and your family will starve (or at least live in poverty, on modern welfare states). The employer can pay you minimum wage for your labour, even if it generates 10x more value, because you have no choice: he has you on the palm of your hand. Submit to the conditions the capital holders dictate, or starve. Concrete mixing companies help people build houses and infrastructure, if you want to put it that way. Still, it's the epitome of churning out trivial stuff. 1) I didn't, that's what I was referring too when I said "or at least live in poverty, in a modern welfare state" 2) That's all very nice in principle, but in practice that's often not feasible. I'm not talking about the software industry, where everything is very open and full of opportunity, but about low-income jobs and how the people working in them often have such incredibly complex constraints about them that that talk about "investing in your skills" and "differentiating your skillset" is totally disconnected from the reality of life. 3) I guess so. Still I was trying to emphasise the whole binding aspect of it, the fact that in many situations you are only free to leave in principle, because being out of a job can throw you and your family into debt, homelessness, or worse. Wasn't exactly thinking of slavery in the literal, bounty-hunters-after-runaways, sense. >a big factor was reading the biographies of some of my heroes, e.g. Dirac, Feynman, etc., and realizing that they spent a lot of their time working alone in their offices uninterrupted, and communicating with people either in real life over meals, walks, etc. or by postal mail Of course they did, there was no such thing as internet back in the 30s. Feynman in particular, I'm positive he would have had a big social network presence if he had lived today. But I think we can all sympathise with that feeling. I think it's not so much a problem with the medium (communicating over the internet is faster and cheaper than meeting people live, and it lets me engage in conversation with you, for instance, who probably live halfway across the world from me, so why not use it?). I think it's a problem of saturation. With our phones and computers ringing dozens (hundreds?) of times a day, with mounds of interesting stuff to read in websites like reddit or HN or your favourite newspaper, with information overwhelming us 24/7, maybe it's not such a bad idea to, once in a while, silence the phone, ignore your 1000s of facebook friends for a while, and just take a walk and read a newspaper in a park. What is browsing, then? Read-only? Are forums browsing, or interactive apps? Where do you draw the line? I'm all for less bloat, and I can't figure why would a browser double as a PDF reader, for instance, when a native app is invariably faster, more feature-rich, more customisable and more secure. However, it's difficult to draw a concrete line between plain browsing and web apps. I don't think a mega-compilation of the Western Canon is what OP is looking for... Maybe not right now, but there is nothing to say that it can't eventually surpass humans in effectiveness and critical error rate. 10-15 years ago people would have said "yeah self-driving cars are good, but as an aid for the driver, never as a full replacement". Precisely. Compare the example in the post with this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZevgEUVeZ9Y Notice the overarching theme, the experience that the music "shows you", the arc it leads you through. In comparison, the generated music is but a chain of pleasant and nice-sounding moments, with no overarching emotional arc uniting them. Now is that the exclusive domain of humans? Will NNs eventually write music that passes for a human composition to a skilled human jury (a musical Turing test)? >Going forward deep learning is the technology that will solve sensing and perception for machines. I would take this (and any such very self-assured predictions) with a grain of salt. And just a few lines below that: "for (auto item : { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 })". Why?? It's an almost comical abuse of C++11 for the sake of it. >Mathematical truths and objects are real things with existence independent of our minds What makes you say this? Isn't this an open philosophical question? What makes you say that mathematical objects exist independent of our minds? I can dream up a set of axioms of my own and do maths from there, so I don't think mathematics necessarily exists in some Platonic ideal dimension independent of our minds. I don't think you can say of any topic in mathematics that it's the best example of why learning math is useful. What about calculus? It's an immensely powerful tool that, by harnessing the power of the infinite and the infinitesimal, unlocks a massive body of practical applications in nearly every field of quantitative knowledge. And what about discrete math? Without it there would be no such thing as a computer. Differential equations, the tool for modeling dynamical systems? Mathematics is a vast topic that every quantitative discipline must necessarily draw from. Each field of study will benefit more from certain topics of it. >quantitative disciplines i.e. not Arts, History or Literature :) Even in that example, wouldn't it be better to simply write for i in range(1,4): Not at all. Makes brands with colossal marketing budgets sell more despite there being better alternatives from small companies. But that's how human consumption works, and it's virtually impossible to change that. Runs into in the sense that the first website people will type when trying to access the website of Google's Alphabet is surely alphabet.com. Yes, I know that. But I can see where the "problem" resides, even if it's not actually a problem at all :) The most recent and most serious scandal involving News Corporation was 2011 phone hacking scandal ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_News_Corporation_scandals ). Gives you an idea of what sort of scumbags run that mega-conglomerate. Important people use both, because they can't afford the limited exposure using only one of them brings. So essentially you are sacrificing your end result for an easier time for yourself, the developer. Absolutely. It strikes me as odd that these days it is not only acceptable, but encouraged as a virtue, for developers to focus on making their own jobs easier as opposed to delivering a good (fast and efficient, among other things) product. Neat. I'm a regular Sage user, and this seems to be an interesting tool for when I don't require the full power of that tool and just need to make some quick calculations. You can go to extremes, as your preposterous mine-the-silicon-and-smelt-the-chip approach, or you can go to the sort of extremes that makes opening a news article grind my high-end phone to a halt for 20 seconds. >there are hardly any working specimens in the first batches Why is that? >In fact, if you are convinced that is IS a wrongful arrest Even if I was 100% convinced of the illegality of the arrest, I would advise to keep your cool and let the police go ahead. I know it sucks to have your rights trampled and be out of 3000$ and everything, but I'm pretty sure it sucks even more to be dead. Hit the nail on the head. All this overmilitarization of police seems to create an image of a strong force keeping peace and security, when in fact what it does is the exact reverse, and unarmed police like in the UK actually fosters safety much better than the "soldiers against crime" attitude. >This might seem complicated, but really it's not; here's a simple but complete explanation to help you make an informed decision. But sometimes things are complicated, and there's no simple but complete explanation... Do you think you are entitled to an opinion on the design of the brakes of your car? Or on the structure of the foundations of your house? Because you are the one who has to drive the car/live on the house. Unless you have technical expertise in that particular field, your opinion on technical matters has zero value. You are doing it wrong. You are not supposed to "learn" C++, not entirely. C is simple in the sense that the amount of things that there are to know about the language are small (it's about as low level as you can get) and it is possible and required to learn its computation and memory model and all its features to work with it. In the case of C++, it's neither required, nor even possible to learn ALL of C++ (not without a couple decades of experience). C++ is a monster, a colossus, a many tentacled monstrosity of hundreds if not thousands of sometimes very complicated features. You cannot possibly master it all. Yet the barrier to entry is as high as C, if nothing at least because C is a subset of C++. You don't have to be a template metaprogramming wizard and make full benefit of the latest standards' new features in order to know C++. As an example, in my work in physics I use C++ consisting of C, templates, the STL and POD structs. I don't use C++'s immense OOP tools simply because I don't like/don't need them. Someone else might use the full OOP features of the language. Still someone else might reduce it to C with templating because they like C but hate not having generic programming. In short: C++ is what you make of it. Your C++ is a subset of the C++. It's your job to decide what features you want to learn and make use of. Don't feel like you don't understand C++ because you don't know Stroustroup cover-to-cover by heart. No it doesn't, assuming there is an ounce of coordination and everyone is on the same page on coding standards and so forth. What I mean to say is that that isn't the language's fault. It's up to the users to decide to make use of features they need, and obviously it's their responsibility to live with the headaches a misuse/overuse of C++ may bring. I guess I just don't understand why people consider "too many features" to be a shortcoming. I don't think it is. Is it really so much to ask for developers in a team to decide on interoperability standards? I assume people on a team don't just start coding with zero coordination. What about it? If you decide to use a library, then you should learn to use it, no? Why is that so? And how is this relevant to TFA? Maybe I didn't understand correctly, but the post doesn't specify whether the project is dropping Mercurial for good or merely changing hosts because of the impending closure of Google Code. I don't know, neovim has its problems too. And seeing as it's not even stable yet, let's not put the cart ahead of the horses. It will be exciting to see the direction both projects take over the coming years. The term is self-hosting compiler, when a compiler can compile itself. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-hosting The SNES, for instance, is commonly held to be the 2D (J)RPG console par excellence. Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, Earthbound, Super Mario RPG and the Final Fantasy games should take 100s of hours of your time. Still for the SNES, I recommend Yoshi's Island, one of the best 2D platformers I've ever played. And of course, don't skip classics like The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past and Super Metroid. Sorry, I love the SNES. From the main page: "It's important to note that the above are only the layers of the factory keymap. You can redefine them in any way and create multiple, custom, application-specific keymaps." But nukes are the reason there haven't been any direct wars between major powers since WWII. Isn't that a good thing? West != USA. Move to some European country if you dislike the US so much. You are missing a few sources. 14 to be exact. I personally like the Mario & Luigi series (spiritual sequels to Super Mario RPG) even better. I guess you could make a rule like Fn-* = Ctrl-*. And anyway the plan seems to be making the software Free, so you can hack it anyway. I think defending Hitler (millions massacred, world order turned upside down, massive economic damage) is much more utilitarian that defending MAD as a peace-keeping force. This seems like such a massively important feature that I have to ask you, as a keyboard developer, is there any particular obstacle to making a keyboard fully reprogrammed? I feel my productivity on my laptop would be massively improved by a few select changes such as Fn+hjkl as PgUp/PgDn/Home/End, and such, yet virtually no laptop I've seen allows this, so I have to rely on workarounds to fix the sometimes braindead layouts. Is there a hardware-level obstacle to doing this or is it just that the mainstream manufacturers just can't be arsed? PS: I'm not your target audience (I use my laptop keyboard almost exclusively) but great job so far! "Has a rapidly adaptive culture, able to implement changes at a fast pace despite its immense scale." "A leader in freedom of speech, press freedom [...]" "Where you have more opportunities than in any other nation" Are these your idea of a self-evident statement? The result is Bell's theorem. The original paper is only 5 pages long, so it should be readable by anyone with a background in QM. The wikipedia article is also very nice and in-depth with discussions of its ramifications. http://www.drchinese.com/David/Bell_Compact.pdf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell's_theorem Thank you, those look very nice. What does this offer me that Numpy doesn't already offer, with the advantage of not having to learn a new language? We shouldn't think for ourselves about our health (I wouldn't prescribe myself medicine, after all), nor should we listen to what mainstream media has to say. I thought it was common knowledge that for people actually interested in staying healthy the best thing to do is ignore the fads publicized on media. Just listen to your doctor, or research medical papers yourself. It definitely is so. What authority do I have to talk about economics or law? Shouldn't I leave that to the people who do know what they are talking about? Kind of a central problem in democracy, if you think about it. Quoting out of context like that it sure seems pretty absurd. But I'm going to trust you understood GP's point? Any sane person wouldn't presume to thing for themselves on the best course of action in treating their cancer, for instance. The same thing goes for nutrition and health. Isn't that "Greek diet" a bullshit diet too, by the same logic? Deactivating the services that call home doesn't stop Windows 10 from calling home. You can only completely disable "telemetry" if you have Windows 10 Enterprise Edition and even then I'm not entirely sure it does completely shut down. And anyway, even getting to this meant manually ticking out dozens of boxes in several settings windows and installing a packet sniffer to check your own computer for unwanted connections. Nevermind that running a packet sniffer on your outgoing connections usually means you suspect you have a virus (which is what Win10 is?), it requires technical expertise that 95% of Win10 users won't have. No I don't think GP was driven by hatred of Microsoft, as much as a genuine dislike of an operating system which hands over control of your own computer to someone else. I always thought Stallman was being hyperbolic when he said "with free software the users control the computer, with proprietary the computer controls the users", but I don't anymore. Try Xposed App Ops. It shows when, if ever, was the last time an application made use of each particular permission, and lets you revoke them. http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xposed-appops... Proprietary system as in Operating System, not proprietary applications. I would advise to wait at least until the first games using DX12 come out, so you can at least decide if it is worth it. Being a good science communicator and doing significant serious research are not mutually exclusive. All the information about the state of a particle is contained in its wavefunction. The uncertainty comes from the fact that the wavefunction can only tell you the probability of getting each value of a specific quantity when you make a measurement of that quantity, which doesn't mean you lack information about the state of the particle. Add this one: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10119055 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Web Why 7 billion people if FB has less than 1.5 billion users? And why 10MB? 10 megabytes of text is a lot of text. >which European citizens are allowed to request by law Can they? TIL. It would be a fun thing to know, exactly how much they know about you. It's funny how a game featuring literally a line, a square and a dot can make one core in my machine go nearly 100%. Yay webapps! EDIT: And it does not run at 60 fps. What the... Chill, I mean, the guy just pointed out a glitch with the most non-threatening neutral declarative sentence possible. Why is "good form" to post a reply like that? You're welcome! By the definition, yes, though I can't say how FB themselves count it. I think it is much more intuitive and powerful to make the reverse reasoning. Linear algebra studies vectors belonging to some vector space and the linear transformations between those spaces. You can then realize that abstract concept with, for instance, ordered 3-tuples of real numbers, in which case 3x3 matrices represent linear mapping between those R^3 vector spaces, in which case we can use it to do physics in a 3D world. But it's misguided to say matrices come "before" abstract linear algebra. Mathematics can be taught by good teachers and bad teachers, in a very good or very bad way. It's definitely an important and difficult issue, because teaching mathematics the right way in order to capture the attention and interest of school children is a very difficult problem, not least of all because there isn't even a consensus on what teaching mathematics the right way is . However, I don't think in the slightest that throwing CS buzzwords such as "REPL" and "hackable" at the problem is the way to go. The problem can be that most mathematics maintain that mathematics can be done for its own sake (something which I 100% agree on). However interesting mathematics is, though, there will be plenty of students more interested in the applications to the real world (and there's nothing wrong with that) or they may even have to interest in the mathematics until they see some clever ways it can be used to solve or abstract a specific problem, at which point they take a greater interest in the math itself. As anecdotal evidence, most math teachers I had in college were at best uninterested and at worst disdainful of applying the math to the real world beyond theorems in a blackboard. Most physics teachers, however, in introducing us to new concepts made an effort to show as soon as possible how the definitions we made were inspired by real world problems and in turn simplified or helped create new physics. This made it much easier to appreciate the pure math itself. Exactly. Obviously MS didn't pay 2.5bil for a messy Java codebase. They paid for the brand, the IP, and the fanbase. You may be getting downvoted, but you are not wrong. If money truly made him unhappy, why didn't he keep a few million in his bank account, invest another couple million or put in a trust fund, and donate the remaining money? He would still be a rich man, live for the rest of his life without working and without financial worries, and the super-richness that seemingly made him so sad and alienated his friends is gone. As it stands, he just comes across as somebody wiping tears with a 100 dollar bill. I agree with you, but I wouldn't presume to tell someone else how to give their lives meaning, just because I'm "older", or to tell someone they will later regret not taking the same path in live as me. Some people just aren't cut out for the family life. It's bad design then :) Okay, my bad, then. Can you tell me what exactly is meant by a "hackable" math learning environment? And how will a REPL (however it is realized) make learning mathematics better? Plenty of 69s as well. Many of us are still 12 year olds at heart. You need look no further than Atom: a "hackable" text editor that brings mighty computers to their knees in order to display a text file . That's not acceptable to me, even though it would be nice to have a hackable to the core editor. But we already have emacs for that, I suppose... I know right?? It's mind-blowing! My PC can push millions (is that the order of magnitude?) of polygons per second. But it locks up an entire core to render a couple hundred polygons (plus the layers of cruft), and can't do it at more than ~10Hz. "Dungeon" is a term in game design to refer to a self contained challenge space, which can be realized in many different ways. It does not necessarily mean "dungeon" as in a real life dungeon or catacomb. It can be an actual human built space, in which case you are right, or it can be a Zelda dungeon, in which there is an overarching theme but not necessarily a sense of verisimilitude, or it can be such a simple and abstracted dungeon such as in Nethack or whatever, in which case those concerns are meaningless. >In the UK, you can do any degree and people will still hire you for a graduate job. Something like a bank or a consultancy won't care whether you did Engineering or Classics. I had no idea things were like that. I strain to believe that a bank will hire someone with a degree in Art History. >Fact that you don't make money off it would work for almost any game developer It really wouldn't. I know it's fun to imagine Blizzard as an oppressive corporation overlord, but any developer in the world will take steps to protect their IP. I see. That's probably true; I'm not up to date on that stuff. Still, in this particular case, I can't blame any company for protecting their IP. It's a freely distributed clone of one of their games, after all. Even if they are not making money out of it they are hurting their business. Great idea! It's stunning how this sort of futuristic seeming technology is actually possible using $50 in consumer electronics! But passive display of information is only part of the story. You have the hardware: a microphone and a speech recognition API. Build voice interaction with this. Even simple commands like "Show me the weather tomorrow", or "Show me my calendar" add an amazing new depth to it. I can imagine myself, shaving and idly telling my mirror to show me my appointments today. :) It costs money. Even if it cost 5$/year it would be a major hurdle. But it costs 40$/year for the same level of functionality as gmail. Sadly, most people will consider this a no-brainer in gmail's favour. On the other hand, perhaps you are biased in favour of the math relevant to computer science, such as number theory, graph theory, and cryptography? It certainly is the case in many places in the world. Just look at Apple marketing and the "premium" branding they emphasize on all their products. Still, they won't last forever and will eventually turn into e-waste. That, or they just didn't like that someone illegally installed money-wasting software on school property without so much as an approval request. PS: Money wasting from their point of view, not making any judgement about SETI here You cited three cases, it's anecdotal evidence that says nothing about the efficiency or intelligence of administration. You have a right to your opinion. Care to elaborate on why you think this way? What makes you think you are above everyone else? Why is it "another campaign"? I only see the testimony of a person with an extreme (and commendable) sense of morality. You don't have to be religious to recognize that people want happiness and thus working towards others' happiness is a worthy goal. I remember having switchable permissions since 4.3. Did something change in the meantime? You can do that, I think. After installing an app you can go the the app settings and disable specific permissions. None of those hold up a candle to actual native programs. >That online collaboration via the phone IS a social gathering unto itself. Still the fact is that it is inconsiderate, or plain rude, to be "somewhere else" when you are sitting with other people who all took the time to physically be with each other. If a few people get together and spend large amounts of their time on their phones, then why get together at all? I don't. I just wonder what the purpose of getting people physically together is if they are going to be using their phones. >it is delightfully ironic to witness many of the older generations I hear chastising people like me for a variety of grievances commit one of the cardinal sins I actually don't That's abusive generalizations for you. I'm on 5.0 and it's under Settings > Security > App Permisions. I can select each permission in each app and switch individual permissions from the default of Allow to Deny or Ask. I'm on a stock ROM. It went away in 4.4 but I have it again on 5.0. I had to use Xposed to get it to work on 4.4 but now it's on again by default. I see people complaining it's not present in 5.0, though. Strange... The problem is smartphones are stagnating. Let's see: * CPU: Processor evolution is stagnating, and processors are so powerful that they can handle most typical workloads with ease. Efficiency is now the order of the day, not raw power. * Screen: Densities are so high it that not only does it become difficult to manufacture higher density panels, but it actually hurts the device by draining more energy and killing performance and battery life to display pixels you aren't going to see. * RAM: 2Gb, the standard in mid-range phones and up, is sufficient for moderate use. 3Gb is comfy and 4Gb is gigantic. Again no substantial improvements in the horizon. * Storage: The more storage the better, but phones seem to have stabilized in the 16/32/64/128Gb, and anyway with cloud storage this is less and less of a concern. * Battery: A major pain in modern devices, with no imminent breakthrough in sight. * Camera: Incremental upgrades are looking promising, but there's only so much you can do with optics in a small form factor. In short, no major improvements or evolutions in the smartphone field are in the horizon, but they aren't really necessary for the short-term anyway. I think it's great to have a free software solution which wholly eclipses the competition. It's an incentive to use free software (use free software and get the best image codec in the world). I wonder how it compares to lossy (but high-quality) compression codecs. I concur. As much as I dislike Apple it's good to see innovation beyond spec-pushing. I have a phone with a clear 5.0 ROM, beyond a couple of Vodafone-branded shortcuts on the homescreen. Apparently this feature isn't present in Nexus ROMs, which is strange. Good on Vodafone for including this feature though. PS: This is the device http://www.gsmarena.com/vodafone_smart_ultra_6-7313.php "LSD is great, and people should try it" is as dishonest and misleading and agenda-pushing as "pot makes your teeth fall off". There is a high barrier to research about pot and other drugs such as LSD, for obvious reason. This means that while you have a gigantic corpus of data about alcohol usage, for instance, you have next to nothing to work with on pot. Just because you don't have studies showing pot is harmful it doesn't mean pot isn't harmful. Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. >absurd and racist suggestion that asian american applicants are on average much less "interesting" people Talk about putting words in one's mouth... No? Why? It isn't racist to say Africans have darker skin or different shaped faces to Caucasians, you know. It's a fact. You can talk about red and blue balls all you want, but what matters is the real world. It's not inconceivable that like there are physical differences between the races, that there can be other differences as well. Refusing to see this isn't reasonable. It's about equality of opportunities, not equality of outcome. We want to make sure that everyone regardless of race has the same shot at being an NBA player, though not necessarily that at the end of the day there is perfect proportional representation of whites, asians, blacks, etc. They are also expensive as all shit. What is there to learn about Python 3? It's just a relatively small, but backwards-compatibility breaking, update. Why? Maybe it suits his use case better than .format() or whatever. Would you extend that reasoning to heroin, for instance? >Suddenly, smaller markets around the world have their industry gutted by piracy, smaller labels have to shut down, bigger labels have to fire hundreds of less successful artists that they used to be able to support from the money they made on the more successful artists, the more successful artists have to stop relying on royalties from album sales and have to whore themselves out doing nonstop touring year-round for money. There is no evidence whatsoever for that end-of-world scenario of yours. I'm sure that Jack the ripper thought those murder laws very stupid indeed and that he very much disagreed with the arguments against murdering prostitutes. According to your argument, would it be fine for him to kill, seeing as "laws are nothing but opinions backed by guns"? >It's not about what an ego thinks, it's about whether an argument exists. I find it extremely ironic that you are making that point. What you are doing is precisely declaring a law about a complex and controversial issue to be invalid because there is an "universal and absolute argument" (aka, you think so) against that law. That's not how things work. Why would the things Jack the ripper thinks and agrees with be irrelevant and yours be "universalized arguments" that everyone must accept? EDIT: >According to my argument, it would be fine to use lethal force against Jack the Ripper initiating violence Precisely. According to your argument. Not a universal truth. Galileo definitely did not luck into the right theory. He was one of the most important scientists of all time, and his heraldry of the empirical scientific method and the results it produced are anything but a product of chance. There's a massive difference in the order ofd magnitude of information acquired by recording people's body language vs legally handing them over your genome. That sort of apples to oranges comparison does nothing for the argument. >Perhaps I'm being overly idealistic, but I can't help but hope for a day that I can work with a high level language and have the compiler take care of optimizations I believe optimizing compilers are already a thing. Am I missing something here? I would suggest toning down the arrogance. Just because you don't personally need some features does not mean that people who want the language to progress and not stagnate are idiots. A power button on the side may drive you nuts. Me, and plenty of other people, I'm sure, prefer a button on the side. Especially in larger phones, pressing the button on top is impractical, while pressing a button on the side is more natural from the default holding position. Yawn. That sounds like your typical "this forum is going downhill" sort of talk. Do you have anything to back your claim? That's precisely the point. Bar psychopaths, nearly everyone thinks they are doing the right thing, even as they do horrors. These people are so deeply indoctrinated that they think they are ultimately doing good in the eyes of god.