Has anyone been able to get this to work? The deploy keeps failing for me. no Didn't seem to work for me in Chrome. I got a face outline, but it never drew the overlay. I'm proud to call myself a nogrammer. I'd much rather use/modify existing code than write from scratch. Are there any adblocker-like/privacy-proxy tools to neuter extensions like this? You can also see the bubble level result card if you switch Chrome dev tools to mobile emulation mode. Like many, I'm supremely confused about this history and current state of Google's various chat systems. Does anyone know of a comprehensive timeline of all the various permutations? I would read it just to boggle at how many poor decisions could be made by a single company in a single category. I wish Google would offer VPN service again (waaaay back they had some Windows utilities that would proxy your web connection). After watching Google closely for years, I'm pretty sure this was not intentional or malicious. Isn't this almost identical to what Apple was doing in 2011: https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2011/04/how-apple-tracks-you... With behavior like this (and previous acts) I view Mozilla as less trustworthy than Google. Wouldn't Chromium be a better option for those who still don't like Google? I'm still glad that Firefox mobile is available since Chrome mobile doesn't support extensions (e.g. for ad blocking). I always assumed this was why the Pixelbook was so gratuitously over-spec'ed. Agree. It's a fun game to think up edge cases that would challenge a self-driving car. On average these cars will far outperform human drivers. I see human drivers blow through stop signs every day completely unaware that they did so. Also trains Obviously it looks like a notch, but I don't know why it's not viewed as 2 extra tabs of screen that would otherwise be bezel. I prefer better water and dust resistance over having a headphone jack. I complain about Google having too many competing/overlapping products, so I can't really complain when they close/merge them. The best time to shutdown Allo was before it launched, the second best time is now. Can god make a stone so heavy that he can not lift it? Great suggestion. For those comparing Everything and Wizfile (which I just installed), it looks like Wizfile doesn't support regex whereas Everything does. Lake effect? If you're worried about plants, you shouldn't eat animals, because they eat a lot more plants than you would. "Potaterade" Chrome too: https://blog.chromium.org/2020/01/introducing-quieter-permis... Agreed. An insult to real engineers. As misleading as calling programmers Software Doctors. I think this is what you're looking for (though you'll need to find some discontinued hardware to run it I think): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.vr.... Dollar cost averaging seems to be more of a psychological strategy than a financial one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_cost_averaging#Criticis... Same! until I switched to Mint Mobile just a few months ago because I was regularly hitting the bandwidth limit. I wish Google Fi was price competitive and didn't have conflicts with Google Voice, but it's just not there. I love the content on Tik-Tok (America's youths are hilarious!), but I'm also excited for anything that will get YouTube off it's ruinous path of forcing creators to stretch a video that should be ~2 minutes into something 10 minutes long. "591007" does that make me and ICQ OG? If you haven't seen 3D scans yet, you will soon. Virtual walkthroughs surging due to COVID. I love Kiwi Browser! If it was able to Save "Webpage, Complete", I'd use it as my mobile daily driver. One of the all-time most cursed diagrams I've seen: https://www.scaledagileframework.com/ . I could not believe it was not parody. It's a shame that Waymo (as well as Google Streetview?) isn't operating on the road at this time, since there's probably no better chance to do mapping as when there are far fewer cars and people to obstruct the view. Rentable portable removable gas generators that attach to you tow hitch are also a decent solution for charging on the go. Even that monopoly-style strategy never made sense to me since the barrier to entry for a competitor to create a ride-coordination app is low (Lyft has made one, Google, certainly could) and the switching-cost to the end user is low (I have zero loyalty to Uber or Lyft). I've never understood why they don't do this. I have to assume that the majority of their sales go to Chicago apartment/condo dwellers rather than suburban homes. I wish there was more discussion around how to get these delivery apps to compete with each other on price. Are there any meta-delivery apps where you can easily compare prices? If exercise was a drug, no one would believe it could have so many positive effects. Agree. Face-to-face is the highest bandwidth communication medium we have. It's not for everything, but there are definitely certain types of explanation/negotiation that happen much faster and have better outcomes in person. I love this type of practical solution that gets most of the benefit for a tiny fraction of the cost. The article does a pretty good job of laying out the many mistakes that compounded their problems. My feeling is that the world at large underestimates the impact of social media and Hacker news overestimates it. Not sure how to rate the infulential-ness of different media, but Fox News was HUGELY influential to the voters that decided the last presidential election: https://www.vox.com/2019/3/4/18249847/fox-news-effect-swing-... It was wild. The MHz increases were big and made a difference. The current trends toward more cores are just a consolation prize for not being able to improve scalar performance. It's hard to remember exactly what result quality was like in 2010, but I'm very satisfied with the utility I get form Google search. I can throw a dozen different oddball questions at it and either get the answer directly (without even needing to click through to an often slow and cluttered page), or get what I was looking for as the top result. They do all this in an extremely adversarial environment where "SEO" people spend the majority of their effort trying to boost their pages for specific words. Was Google+ the largest social network that didn't have advertising? In the right hands, Google+ could've been a strong ad-free alternative to Facebook/Instagram and Twitter. fwiw the question mark is not present in the original article. It is unclear in what ways this is different/better than O&O ShutUp10 ( https://www.oo-software.com/en/shutup10 ), aside from that tool having a much worse name. Alternate headline: "Google Saves Millions of Hours of Time by Providing Answers Directly" Is this a valid analogy?: Imagine you had a brilliant friend who read all the books in a library and answered any question you asked her. Would you say this friend is stealing profit from book publishers? Capitalism seems like it could do an OK job if we priced in more externalities like resource extraction (e.g. fee for taking oil out of the ground) and pollution. Good to remember blog posts like this for all those who claim Google isn't innovating or investing in search. This is the type of infrastructure that goes in to extracting useful information from the web. It's easy how Disney and Twitter would be a bad fit, but don't forget that Hasbro (toy company) owns Death Row Records home to a group N.W.A. where the "N" stands for the "n-word". https://nypost.com/2019/08/25/hasbro-acquires-gangster-rap-l... I've long felt that annotation was one of the greatest missed opportunities of the web. Every major content website implements commenting differently and often poorly. I'd much prefer to have comments come from a third party system where I can: own my own comments, not be subject to removal by the author of the content, and choose the group of people I want to discuss with. Imagine if hackernews discussions appeared right along the content instead of being hidden away where no reader of the content could find them. Gmail's handling of tracking pixels might be even better, it automatically downloads and caches all images in a email. This has a few benefits: 1) Renders any gmail "open rate" analytics useless 2) Makes the email load faster in your email client since images are coming from Google's fast cache https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/12/gmail... You're right: https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2013/12/gmail... Though it might be possible for marketers to still track individual email opens? https://redant.com.au/how-we-do/cache-busting-gmail-new-imag... NYT also has the counterpoint: "Vaccine Rates Drop Dangerously as Parents Avoid Doctor’s Visits" https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/23/health/coronavirus-measle... Craigslist probably belongs on this list. Google has minimal interest in "apps" (which many companies can do an OK job at) and much more interested in planet-scale data/machine-learning/AI (which is much much harder and something that Google is still very far ahead of everyone at). This serves as a good reminder how lucky we are that email worked out that we can use any number of clients with any number of services and still freely communicate any other email address in the world. Compare this to instant messaging which is full of incompatible walled gardens: Slack, Microsoft Teams, iMessage, Hangouts, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, etc. etc. etc. Might try switching to "ok, cool" for Google Assistant since "hey google" is one of the most awkward/ugly sounding phrases to have to repeat over and over. I wish houses were a fraction as well made and useful as even economy cars. Amen. My guess would be that 90% of Hacker News readers use a desktop browser ad blocker, but Some article pointed out that the mirror has some potential to be a useful form factor for information display alongside phone, laptop, tablet, watch, book reader, and Alexa/Google Home display. If "free-dumb" doesn't appear somewhere in the article, it missed a real opportunity. Amen, I've seen so many failed attempt to automate a process that hadn't even been attempted the "slow" "unscalable" way first. Doing a task manually a few (dozen?) times will reveal a disproportionate amount of information about what actually needs to be done. Single-purpose and supersized version of the Nest Hub Max ($229). I have no doubt that Zoom has consumer aspirations somewhere in its future. I can't speak to the rigor/validity of this study, but, taken together, the benefits of exercise are amazing. If exercise was a drug, no one would believe all the benefits could be real. I share your enthusiasm for TikTok. It's the first social media app that felt like fun instead of an obligation. I have no doubt something will come along and ruin it (olds, monetization, acquisition). For now, it's really magical. It genuinely gives me hope for the next generation. They are impressively clever short-form story-tellers and continuously innovating techniques. Agreed. It's hard for me not to suspect that there's some strong motivation by interested parties to make TikTok a boogeyman. I'm much more concerned about unintentional harm caused by incompetence (Facebook) or deliberate messaging for a purpose (Fox News, or pick whoever your personal least favorite media source is). Slack doesn't need to be free, but it's overpriced for the value it's offering. Same story with Zoom. Exactly correct about the print-oriented interface. Writely, and earlier versions of Google Docs didn't force you to pretend you were writing on a piece of paper. I would love a "Google Docs for text files"! TSLA is absolutely the present-day BTC. The irony is that Google search does a much better job searching products on Amazon.com than Amazon does. BingBong It appears as though very few Hacker News commenters have spent any time using Tiktok. It is the only enjoyable, enriching social media service I've ever used. Most everything many of us liked about the old/weird internet is present on Tiktok right now: almost no ads or commercial presense, personal content from real people (not hyper produced productions from influencers and pros), weird content, niche content, organically viral content, positive/encouraging comment sections. I've been exposed to such a huge diversity of things on Tiktok: people with physical disabilities, hilarious and creative videos from high schoolers, an elementary school kids frog journal, dance videos with single-digit views, large engine repair tips, home improvement tips, pet ducks, absurdist memes. You owe it to yourself to not dismiss Tiktok as a time-waster for idle teens. Those positive aspects of Tiktok are something we should be figuring out how to expand elsewhere. Like Friendster or Myspace, I think the main obstacle was being slightly too early to market. Absolutely. I like (give a heart to) most videos I watch, but I skip right over any videos from celebrities. I really like the variety that is in my feed now that it has a history of what I've liked. The "top" tiktoks are not representative of what's in my feed at all. I'd wager that the top 10 most viewed TV shows also fare pretty poorly if rated them on content, depth, purpose, etc. Dupe Being stubbornly against lidar makes no sense. The sensors are slightly more expensive now, but dropping fast. I want my driving software to have super human capabilities. Any sensor that can cost effectively save lives and improve performance should be used. Seems like a huge win for Microsoft to be able to buy the hottest social media service at a fire sale price. Will other bidders be allowed? Periodic reminder that though "forbes.com" may have implied some credentials in the past, it is now a site where anyone can post anything. Reminder that your "regulations" are often my "protections". It's also the best way to get accurate data on how many searches for "heroku" there are. Without an ad running, you only get estimates. Housing would be much better if we could get it to follow anything like the technology price value trend. Housing today is barely better in terms of quality or value from 50 years ago. To expect housing to improve as fast as handheld devices is unrealistic, but I think they should be improving at around the same rate as cars. I use Firefox because it does things that Chrome won't like extensions on mobile and better (and riskier) extension capabilities overall. So many of their projects stink of indulgence and adventurism rather than anything that differentiates them from other browsers. By what measure? Most video games seem far worse to me. Isn't methane odorless? I don't know what other people think, but IE to me is synonymous with a browser that was good, but then stopped improving in any meaningful way for years. The first version of Chrome showed that there was still immense worthwhile improvements that could be made in browsers. If anything, the rate of improvements to Chrome is accelerating, even after they established marketshare dominance. This is probably straying a little off-topic, but AMP seems nothing like a walled garden when compared to Facebook, Instagram, or Apple app store. It cuts both ways. Shutting down projects that aren't core can also be seen as focusing on what matters. Google shutting down products also gives room for other companies to fill that need. The Google Reader shutdown was the besting thing ever to happen to Feedly. I wish Firefox was a little more aggressive in shutting down some of its side-projects to focus on the things where they can provide value that other strictly-commercial companies will not. The excess and non-obvious battery drain that can come from plugins is probably a large part of their reasoning. Fortunately, because of the openness of Chromium, you can install browsers like Kiwi browser that support extensions. Even Firefox only barely supports extensions right now on mobile. So true. The introduction of Chrome was nearly as big as the jump from MapQuest to Google Maps. The potential for a vastly better experience had been there for a long time, but no one was taking advantage of it. I would not want to be Optimizely and have to compete against a strong free offering like Google Optimize. All money spent causes pollution if you trace it back far enough. As a first approximation, environmental impact is directly proportional to cost. Unfortunately, many people treat Tesla auto-pilot and Waymo's Driver as though they were similar, when Waymo is probably 10x more capable, reliable, robust. I see this as similar to how people equate Alexa and Siri simple voice commands to Google Assistant's deep knowledge. Vegan for 20+ years (now 40). I've never had any protein deficiency or any other nutrition related health problems. I weight lift so I take a scoop or 2 of brown rice/pea/soy protein which gets me to what any muscle gain diet guidelines recommend. What's bad about these ingredients? More data beats smarter algorithms any day, and TikTok gets a lot of data because its videos are so short and interaction rate so high. There are tons of signals it can use as inputs: How much of a video did you let play before swiping next? How many times did you let the video loop? Did you like? Did you comment? Did you like a comment? Did you click through to the profile? Did you view other videos from the profile? I've also found that TikTok does a good job of throwing in unexpected videos to test the waters of what the user is interested in. This diversity is one of my favorite things about it. Agreed. TikTok has very good built-in video tools, but the creativity and sense of storytelling in short form videos on the part of these kids is very impressive. There's so much good meta-data (likes, comments, duration, sound used, views, like/view ratio, skips, loops, subscribes, etc.) that I'd be surprised if they were digging into the contents of the video at all right now. Google was able to build a very useful search engine that ran for decades relying on the significance of links and keywords, without much understanding of the meaning of page content. You can get very far with the readily available data, before you need to delve into the fancy stuff to make it a few percent better. Glad I was able to help introduce you to that idea. I was first introduced to it by Peter Norvig (Google): https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c... Seems like a drone with these characteristics could have a lot of nonmilitary uses as well: search and rescue, wildlife research, small deliveries, etc. I wish we spent more time talking about "habitat destruction" instead of "climate change", while understanding that climate change is the largest form of habitat destruction. "change" feels neutral. "destruction" is always bad. There's also a lot of habitat destruction (e.g. ocean acidification) that might not fit the normal concept of "climate change". "Habitat destruction" can include things like deforestation, which would be bad even if it didn't affect climate. "Habitat destruction" might also serve as a reminder that we're destroying our own habitat as well, not just that of other plants and animals. I really hope Internet Archive (or someone similar) is furiously downloading all the videos and comments it can. I am also a Google One subscriber. (I think I got grandfathered in to some tier where I get 2TB storage for real cheap.) Google One would be a lot more compelling if it included Stadia, YouTube Red(?), Youtube TV, Youtube Music, Google Play Pass, Fitbit Premium, Nest Aware, etc. As is, Google One would more accurately be named "Google None", because it includes none of the things you would expect. I agree that being a game platform would be enough to be profitable, though their biggest dream must be to be the ultimate gatekeeper/taxman to what goes into your eyes. Aside from injecting thoughts right into your brain, what is more important than a screen that blocks out everything else you see? (phone, laptop, and TV are worth zero when you're wearing goggles). I don't know all the tradeoffs involved, but seems like a downgrade to go from the pure black of OLED to the backlight bleedthrough of LCD for a screen so close to the eyes. Would be nice if we could turn this into an argument over data portability. If there was a service an app that migrated data out of TikTok to a clone service, I'd switch. Imagine if users could easily move their posts, photos, friends, etc. out of Facebook to another system. Any concern about apps accessing data is a great argument for sandboxing apps completely from the rest of your phone (e.g. no shared file access, no shared camera roll, no genuine GPS data, 2-way logged/firewalled network access, etc.) Much of government was designed with expectations of certain norms being followed that are now being violated. There are a lot of checks and balances (e.g. impeachment) that could be executed if a branch of the government was willing to cooperate. > So how did China get away without that for so long? Cheap labor for US manufacturing Agree. Compare the popularity of Beat Saber to what Wii Sports was and you have a measure for how far out of the mainstream VR still is. Agree, paper maps and two-way radios are both technology. The burden is on any other technology to prove they are superior. Rebalancing to cash would seem to make sense if you expected a crash. I gather that this doesn't happen because no one wants to pay a money manager to not invest their money. I agree that trust takes a long time to build, but trust can be lost very quickly. Imagine a classic "trust fall" exercise. How many times do I have to drop you to stop trusting me? The biggest threat to small sellers is Amazon. schema.org benefits sellers by making it easier to list and sell their goods elsewhere (including Google Shopping). Standards that help combat vertically integrated monopolies seems like something HN readers would be in favor of. I believe this policy was first implemented on shared files: "Files in shared drives trash are already automatically deleted after 30 days." This is the classic struggle between structured and unstructured data. As difficult as the task of creating AI that can make sense of unstructured data and pages is, that task is still more tractable than getting millions of people around the world to sufficiently coordinate on a common standard. Great point. Individual publishers are to be trusted so little in describing their own content that Google completely ignores the keywords meta tag (and also description now I think). Reminder that articles from forbes.com should not be seen as having any better reputation than those posted on blogger.com or medium.com. Probably more than half the companies I've been on hold with interrupt their hold music with periodic recorded voice announcements (e.g. music music "Try our new flavor of Ovaltine!" music music). Event with a hands-free phone, this is probably the worst possible hold experience. Especially interesting since Google now owns smart sheet. > As to Excel: Hopefully it won't take another 35 years for them to fix CSV opening so it doesn't auto-format long numbers into scientific notion or dates, then cause unrecoverable data loss when you save. If you don't know what the data format is DON'T GUESS! Amen! Also removing the leading zeros from US ZIP codes. It just happened a few hours ago. This. I want homes as well designed, engineered and built as iPhones, or at least automobiles. Would thicker case help this problem? Maybe there's an opportunity for aftermarket bezels? Bezels can always be added, but never taken away. Being able to dock a device for charging with one hand (very difficult with a cable) is very nice. Wireless is superior to surface contacts because you can mount orient your phone in different directions without needing to account for the cable. The phone would be thicker, but they'd be able to stick a lot of battery in there if they made the back flush with the camera bump. If I understand correctly, the primary factor harming the corals is warmer ocean temperatures and ocean acidification. I'm not sure Australia has much influence over those. Facebook Ads is their product. I'd be happy if Firefox were a modified version of Chromium for developers/power-users/hackers that prioritized every feature in the user's interest (at their own risk). If games can run via the cloud (e.g. Stadia), it should be possible for any app. Great service! Even if nothing is new, it deserves more attention. It really helps me cut through the noise of all advertising hoopla of "Big sale", "20%" off, etc. when I can see the full price history of a product. The less you spend on produce, the lower the carbon footprint. All* spending in the current economic system results in a proportional amount of carbon being generated. *Not all, but very close. Thanks for mentioning DALY. It seems like this would be a much better metric than counting deaths. I've been looking for regularly updated charts using YLL (years of life lost), but DALY seems even better. It's disappointing that DALY isn't the most commonly shared/referenced chart. I need to find COVID DALY numbers compared to other causes of death to better understand this. I was a longtime Google Play Music All Access subscriber. One HUGE benefit that YouTube Music has is the available catalog. I like a lot of obscure music and remixes that no one else but YouTube has. I also agree that it's ridiculous that YouTube Music doesn't have all the features of Google Play Music. Still this was handled much better than most shutdowns where there is no migration path. I'm glad that Google is combining some redundant services. 5 more years and they might get their chat situation in order. Another unfortunate side effect is my "ocean waves" alarm clock playlist is always queued up in Youtube Music as a song after I wake up. "Normal" is a terrible word to describe any future state. Many things have changed that won't go back to the way they were before ever (and that's entirely a bad thing): more working remotely, more grocery delivery, less retail shopping, etc. This is a fantastic deal, even if I weren't already a Google One subscriber at this tier. Google is one of the few companies I would trust to provide VPN service. "iOS, Windows, and Mac coming soon" That's part of the attraction to me. I'd love my VPN activity to blend in with all the other activity (crawlers, etc.) coming from Google. I'm not sure the vocal Google hater comments are representative of tech savvy customers. It regularly ranks at the top of best-regarded brands lists. I just updated my Google One app to get the version that supports VPN. It's a huge privacy win to not have Comcast or my mobile data provider see my traffic. A quote that seems related to that thought: "A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be patched up to make it work. You have to start over, beginning with a working simple system." —John Gall Deploying apps is truly ridiculously complex. This is the problem I really see "no code" addressing. To me, writing the logic of an application is easy compared to the ridiculousness of publishing the code somewhere. TSV is a lot better, but still isn't great for tabs in fields (rare) and line breaks in fields (more common). One nice characteristic of tab-delimited is you can typically copy all the text from a text editor and paste right into a spreadsheet. Seems to me like they should be offering up every possible photo feature they can for free since their camera hardware is so far behind the iPhone. I didn't realize until recently that iPhone has some great computational photography features that the Google Camera doesn't (long exposure and crowd removal). I'm pretty satisfied with they way they handled the transition to YouTube Music, and am glad they're reducing the number of competing services. I agree it's a hassle, and a bummer that they de-integrated Google Drive and Google Photos. I've got a reasonably functional alternative using SyncTrayzor/Syncthing. Similar to the Chesterton Fence example, knowing the history of something helps me understand if there was any good thinking behind it. For marijuana prohibition, it doesn't seem like there was. Has there been discussion of Twitter/Facebook using different techniques like tweet delays (quadratic backoff?)? Remember all the mockery around the name "iPad"? First impressions are often wrong. It would be nice if they made some McPlant fries! Google doesn't have the expertise or ship enough volume to make good hardware. If I could get a pure Google experience on Samsung-quality hardware, I'd go for that every time. I'd be happy for there to be a nationwide government-promoted disaster-preparedness initiative, especially if that included not building susceptible homes areas prone to flooding or forest fires. Agree. The beauty/power of the browser is to create a layer over the OS (Windows/Mac/Android) so that you don't need to care much about the OS. What's the likelihood that running a non MacOS in emulation would still be a reasonable dev environment compared to native on some other hardware? Agree completely! Even the sounds on "more advanced" microwaves are worse. Buttons are nice because they're easy to wipe down, but dials are great for quickly selecting any duration. Would taxing the extraction from the ground address this? You were able to find sensors? When I've looked they've always been sold out for months. (Having not read any of this). Isn't Google committed to be net carbon neutral/negative? If so, does the claimed extra electricity usage matter? Definitely thought this was going to be a story about when their car killed someone: https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/19/technology/uber-driverles... Verily (Google) tried contact lenses, but couldn't get it to work: https://blog.verily.com/2018/11/update-on-our-smart-lens-pro... Apache project? I feel like they could make more progress toward their goals as a fork of Chrome, like a "Chrome Pro" or something. Me too. Waiting for the current branch to properly support extensions, or for an Android Chrome fork to support the extensions I use. Very cool. Would be great if they could do something similar for Android! (Not realistic given that the driver situation on mobile devices is such a nightmare.) One of the least-liked brands tries to smear one of the most-liked brands. Facebook will not come out ant better from this. It may even remind people how much spying facebook does to them. Yes! I've tried that, but one of my most-used save page extensions doesn't work. I also hate it when apps/services move backward in terms of features. I'll still give them credit when they start to move in the correct direction again, even if they would have been better off not screwing things up in the first place. I'm not sure what approach syntaxing used, and "processed" is a fuzzy term, but bread and pasta have a lot more in common with twinkies and oreos than fruits and vegetables. Just did this. Now waiting 4 months to withdraw and close. Yep. This was money I had in a Vio Bank savings account where the rates have gone from "very small" to "almost nothing". And often the process of de-duping repeated code later on isn't as bad as DRY purists make it out to be, especially since it can be done incrementally. Example: If you have similar functions in 7 places, you can consolidate them one by one. If you have 1 function used in 7 places, you have to consider all implications for all of those code paths. I sometimes think of how far we still are from utility-quality computing services. Every company needs electricity with near-perfect uptime, but almost no company has a full-time electrician in-house. Reducing illegitimate traffic stops is one of the side-benefits I see as more cars become self driving. Tesla car sales will grow, but their stock continuing to grow is not sustainable. Tesla certainly make desirable cars, but I don't see their product being hard to replicate should any other manufacturer make a serious effort. Other manufacturers will make a serious effort when it makes financial sense to. Are there $100 or $500 commercial units? The best reviewed rice cooker by America's Test Kitchen is $30. Or let those who have the option to take vaccines under the current system auction off their spot. I came here to says SSD. There's never been as big a performance upgrade you could make. Hagrids motorbike roller coaster at universal studios in Orlando was worth the wait (if you get the front row and ride at night). Total solar eclipse. Unbelievable. Life changing. Partial is meh. Totality made me cry. AI-assisted "queue" management. We all accumulate a multitude of different lists to work on: tasks lists, email inbox, open tabs, bookmarks, saved articles, books to read, movies to watch, games to play. I've never seen anything that attempts to unify these against their common constraint: time. I had the crazy thought that drones ladden with deliveries could dispatch from the top of a central tall structure (like a skyscraper or antenna), take advantage of the height differential to efficiently glide toward their delivery destination, and then make their return with less weight to carry. Probably very few locales where this could make sense compared to automated sidewalk deliveries like Starship. The speed of the delivery could be astoundingly fast though. Tech startups are valued that way because software has [approximately] zero marginal cost. If everyone in the world wants to install Tiktok tomorrow, they can. If everyone in the world wants to buy a Tesla tomorrow, it would be impossible to fulfill that demand. Even as someone who is white and has not experienced racism large and small my entire life, it is still stunning the privilege skin color gives this group to aggressively storm a government building without being beaten, gassed, and shot. There's a lot not to like about Facebook and Uber, but they both replace systems that were much less reputable (i.e. ad networks that delivered all manner of deceptive and malicious ads, or taxi operators that were low quality and dangerous). I agree that education has changed for the worse in many ways, but might disagree with you on some of the specifics. Being direct, I see the republican party as having a very anti-science, anti-evidence, anti-facts disposition as evidenced by their attitudes toward evolution, gun-violence, COVID, etc. An educated populace is also the most dangerous thing to anyone in power (politicians, business operators, etc.). Even without being a coordinated conspiracy, that is a constant force working against improved education. A root cause behind this is a shift from news as a public service (something closer to the modern-day BBC) to an info-tainment business that must turn a quarterly profit. "Information diet" is a useful analogy. Imagine you eat a diverse diet of candy, ice cream, potato chips, cookies, doughnuts, and fruits and vegetables. You can make your own analogies about what news sources are junk food, but you can see how trying a little bit of everything in an environment that is full of bad choices is detrimental. We all have limited stomach space and attention. DC is filled with a violent mob that feels uncomfortable with the truth that Trump lost. They are lashing out because they do not have the emotional fortitude to deal with their hurt feelings. Agreed. Everything seems hunky-dory until the guillotines come out, and then all the elites are like "Who? Me?". A poorly organized coup attempt is still a coup attempt. You don't get much sympathy from the judge and jury if your attempted murder is poorly thought out and executed.