> surely no government would ever enact such a scheme Heh. I would not put ANYTHING into the "surely they wouldn't" category when it comes to government.... Oh it was a little funny. Lighten up. Not only writing the code first, but write with the idea that because they're "agile", their code is somehow easier to change 15 times as the complete understanding of the functionality emerges. As a developer on the receiving end of "stories" I find that a few sentences on an index card are, in most cases, woefully inadequate at describing the desired functionality. So what happens is you end up going back and forth to the PM with your questions, which is inefficient, OR you make assumptions to fill in the gaps, which sometimes works out well and sometimes does not. On the other hand I've also had the unhappy experience of wading through dense, arcane specification documents written in stilted language ("the system shall...." ad nauseum) that are ultimately not much better. In the end I think what this illustrates is that writing a good, concise, clear, complete functional specification is not easy. It requires a talented PM and no formulaic approach, whether it is agile or anything else, can get around that. I've seen many routines (functions, methods, procedures .. whatever) that are needlessly long due to overzealous use of the copy/paste technique. But once you eliminate that kind of stuff, I do agree that you can get to a point where you've abstracted too much -- and the actual thing you are trying to accomplish with your code becomes obscured. I have not read these studies, but to me it seems that the defect rate could rise because it's no longer apparent what's interacting with what, and in what order. If I have to hop around to numerous different 5 line methods (often in numerous different source code files) it becomes very hard to intuit whether the code is "correct" or even have any idea what it's doing. "Patri Friedman, a former Google engineer who now works for the Seasteading Institute, said floating cities are the perfect places to experiment with new forms of government." There are no new forms of government. They've all been tried. There are only people ignorant of history. Cute/Fun error messages will IMO get annoying really fast once the novelty wears off. Just like that clippy thing in MS Office. Absolutely false. Nobody in the US has "no access to healthcare at all." Go without != no access to Nothing really new in this post -- but the message bears occasional repeating: ideas are a dime a dozen, it's executing on one that few people can do well. This is the idea that underpins "poker planning" used in some agile software methodologies. You estimate a feature's required effort relative to other features that you (or the team) have completed in the past. It's interesting to me, because I've always been more partial to Joel Spolsky's philosophy that only the developer who implements a feature can estimate it, and only after the feature has been designed in detail. This study says that is all wasted effort (it's the "inside view"). Didn't work at all in my browser (Safari 3.2.1) Ants are not trying to text their friends, watch their GPS, and change the radio station while they are in formation. To get a job? Yes, especially if you're entry level. To start your own software company, work on open-source, freelance, etc. probably not. The more I think about this the more I think the comparison is not relevant. Ants are all going from point A (the colony) to point B (the food). Additional ants are not joining the line midway, nor are any splitting off to some other destination, nor do different streams of ants cross one another's paths. If you had a one-way one-lane road with no cross streets, merges, or exits, MAYBE the situation would be comparable; in the real world, I don't see a whole lot of relevance. Clever device, I'm not convinced it would save a lot of money for one person taking a quick shower every morning, but I do think it could benefit those households with three or four people all wanting a shower in the morning: by recovering part of the heat from the first showers, the last person has a better chance of getting a hot shower instead of a lukewarm or cold one. I agree on your point B, I think that companies can get to a point where they are like a cancer, they themselves thrive (for a while) but they can end up destabilizing the host organism. Not a perfect analogy, and I worry about giving the government the power to declare that a company is "too big" because historically such powers are abused. IF such size could be pre-defined on purely objective measures, perhaps there is a way it could work. Going into bankruptcy does not mean going out of business, at least not immediately. It basically just lets you put your debts "on hold" while you either reorganize or wind down under court supervision. Gives everyone time to take a breath and think rationally. Sounds pretty good in comparison to what happened? This is a good guide for someone getting started with git, but does not really explain why you might want to use git instead of some other version control system, such as svn. The title of this work implies it's something more than an introductory tutorial, but that's really all it is. Oracle 10g (10.1) was available for Mac OS X but they've not kept up and no 11g at all. I think they just found that the number of sales for that platform was too small. "if a human experimenter can make decisions independently of past events, then the particle can also make a free choice" The article does not make clear how "free choice" is different from "random chance" -- at least not to me. The government. Oh yeah great idea. So when you post something critical of the wrong official or say the wrong words on your website your certificate is summarily revoked. If you just need certs for in-house use, make your own. You can do that for free. Interesting viewpoint. The one I've heard is: if you DON'T have an exit strategy, it's just a hobby. Back to the mantra of Strunk and White: OMIT NEEDLESS WORDS. Quite frankly, I think that a traditional textbook is still best for actual coursework. Online is great for later reference, refresher study, and research, but no digital format has yet reached the level of usability and robustness as a printed textbook. My immediate reaction, having never heard of Dropbox, was "why not just use SVN". One that condones blatant copyright violation? Not sure. Let us know if you find one. Potentially very good news -- algae is not a food crop nor does it complete for acreage otherwise available for growing food. Also they seem to have figured out how to run a continuous rather than a batch-oriented production process, which should scale better. The 45 minutes is for a partial charge. Still, 300 miles beats the heck outta the 40 promised by the Volt. Also, you're probably not an Engineer. A real engineer is someone who is trained and certified to sign or "stamp" engineering documents and takes legal responsibility for their correctness. Don't graduate students have to defend their dissertations? Should be pretty easy to spot those who didn't actually do their own research. Hmm. To me this illustrates that we should be more skeptical of who we consider to be "experts" not that we should not seek counsel of those with subject matter expertise. Hint, someone with a TV show is probably NOT who you should be listening to. Agree! My C.S. undergrad program did not even cover specific languages. There were no courses such as "The 'Foo trendy du-jour' Programming Language" -- the language was incidental to the subject matter, and you were expected to learn the language, editor, OS utilities, compilers, debuggers, etc. on your own time. I don't fully buy into the arranged marriage concept, but won't deny that many of them are successful. I think one thing that probably helps a lot is that "older, wiser" people are looking at attributes of compatibility that younger people can't see in each other yet. I'm reminded of the advice from pg's never-delivered high school graduation address (posted here the other day): don't look for excuses to be lazy. Are drugs like Paxil the "lazy" way to avoid dealing with the realities of social interaction? For some surely not, but I think that for a good number of people they are. I think your last sentence answers your question. HTML and "the web" were designed as a simple information-sharing platform based on hyperlinked static text documents. Building actual business applications on top of this, even if you know how the web works, has always been pretty much a kludge. Did Canada push its banks to give mortgages to people who could not afford them? Anyone doing anything remotely private or personal on the internet is (or should be) encrypting anyway. Summary: people are irrational and make stupid decisions. The government knows better. Typical Time Magazine. I find that if I can stay physically active I don't miss caffeine. For example, when I go on vacation I typically don't drink coffee. But I'm usually at the beach, or have a lot of other stuff going on and I really don't miss it. If I stop coffee during a normal work week, I get the headaches, fatigue, etc. I think this is a view that some subset of developers has, but there's definitely another camp of developers who thrive in an entrepreneurial environment with a lot of focus on business success. I'm one. The company I work at was like that, and has now shifted more towards the "beehive" described here. I call it "developer day care" and it doesn't motivate me in the slightest. Actually I think a couple of ounces of lead would suffice. Nothing useful can stay free forever. Luck favors the prepared "The federal government simply isn’t raising enough money to pay for its obligations, Medicare being the biggest." ... and this was BEFORE TARP, TALF, AIG, GM & Chrysler.... Yes it is, in fact the last time I bought an "individual" plan for my family maternity was explicitly NOT covered; adding it would have made the premium much higher. I paid about $400/month for spouse and kids; I had my own coverage at work but they did not provide family coverage. If you KNOW you don't need maternity coverage that saves you a lot of money, but don't have any "accidents" as childbirth will cost you many thousands, up to hundreds of thousands if there are complications. All else is not equal, they don't call it "Taxachussets" for nothing. Some things are still best done face to face. I always just drop mine in the mailbox. I don't file electronically because of the fee. Hm, $10 (or whatever) to file electronically, or $0.42 to use the mail? Easy choice. "... proposed that in exchange for the GM bailout we spin out the Chevy Volt into an open source electric car platform." Counterintuitively, electric cars are not something that is a good idea in the near term. Why? The electrical grid does not have the capacity to absorb the additional demand. California for example has rolling blackouts during the summertime, just to moderate the existing demand. Imagine adding tens of thousands, or more, of electric car recharges to that... Widescale adoption of electric cars, even assuming they were otherwise acceptable to the public, will require a massive investment in electrical generation, the two practical energy sources being coal and nuclear, neither of which is a politically easy thing to pull off. Sadly, the fact remains that users don't read dialog boxes[1]. If you want to make a computing "appliance" that is not going to be subject to attack, you'll have to disallow owner-administrators and software installations altogether. [1] http://www.joelonsoftware.com/uibook/fog0000000249.html Not really a new idea to use a VCS as a document database, other folks have back-ended Wikis and document management systems with SVN, for example. But a nice story regardless, and another nudge for me to really take a closer look at git. First distributed VCS I heard of was darcs. I have not used it either, but from what I've read about the two, git has some real advantages in speed and robust-ness. Amen. What's it worth to YOU? Market demand and available supply sets the price. I've personally seen it happen twice. A company that has a reasonably well developed product is short on cash. Some "white knight" appears with a big investment, but the deal drags out, the company is forced into bankruptcy, and the so-called savior acquires it for a fraction of the original investment amount. Seeing this same scenario here makes me think it must be a common predatory tactic. Lesson is, if you've got a good product but are short on cash, be very wary of big investors. I've been told, by more than one person, that "web apps should not need [help|documentation|training] and while I understand the sentiment I agree that the act of writing user documentation, or training materials, exposes complexity and inconsistency quite effectively. Patents do expire, that's the whole point. The government will protect your idea for you for a period of time, in exchange for making it public. After that time expires, others are free to copy the idea -- that's how generic drugs come to market. You understate the costs of pharmacutical R&D. Most ideas fail, or do more harm than good. Of those that show some promise, there are extensive animal and then human clinical trials. More ideas wash out here. Laboratories cost money. Researchers cost money. Trials cost money. Defending class action lawsuits costs money. Comparing the cost of the raw ingredients to the retail price ignores a whole bunch of stuff. You don't necessarily pay more taxes. If a tax break motivates you to do X, and as a result you generate enough additional taxable income to offset the tax break, then the treasury comes out ahead. True, but it's usually a neighborhood association rule, not something that applies to a whole town. There were plenty of people opposed to nuclear power before TMI and Chernobyl happened. OpenBSD funds continued development by selling CDs. Is it really too much to pay $50 if you are yourself realizing value from the OS? And if you're really a tinkerer you shouldn't have much trouble installing without the CDs. Where a lot of people make their mistake is in spending tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars on commercial databases and then doing nothing more than simple SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT type operations with them, bury them under an ORM and try to pretend they aren't there. Can you get your money's worth out of a database like Oracle? I think you absolutely can if you USE the features it comes with. If you don't want to do that, or don't need those features, then you are throwing your money away. Thank you. This is a PR move. They could mow the grass, let the goats eat it, send employees out with scissors, or burn the field twice a year and none of it would have any impact on global temperatures. 'cause HTML was designed primarily as a markup language, not a layout language. These studies come out like clockwork. Every few weeks we hear about the new discovery of a food or ingredient that will kill you. I say if you're not obese and in reasonably good health, eat what you like. Nobody escapes death because they don't eat Wonder bread. Even easier, have the students hand in the paper on actual....paper. Hard to corrupt that. Will quantum programs exhibit all possible bugs as well as correct behavior? Absolutely. You know who writes code at Accenture? 22-year-old liberal arts and business majors, in their first job out of college, who've had about 6 weeks of training in programming. OK, to play devil's advocate, Xen is nothing new in the same way that Pike claims Linux is nothing new. Hypervisors and virutalization have been around since the late '60s. I used dd-wrt to run my Linksys WRT54G as a wireless bridge. It has been flawless. I'm not convinced by this. SQL databases have proven over the years (decades) to be a very good choice for storing data. The author ticks off a litany of other products (document databases, cloud storage, memory object caches, message queues...) to consider instead. Now you have a bunch more stuff in the mix. Stuff to install, stuff to configure, secure, periodically patch or update, backup, etc. SQL databases don't scale? Maybe not in the extreme, but for the majority (vast majority) of web applications they will do just fine if they are used intelligently. I don't understand the obsession with trying to add a few years to human lifespans. I'd personally rather live a shorter enjoyable life than a long one full of depravation just so I can eek out a few more years at the tail end. I guess that's easy to say since I'm barely reaching middle age. I tried a test patch of that once: gloss white rustoleum. It actually worked for short term writing, but would absorb marker left on for more than a few hours. Wonder if they can't they be disabled by a strong EM field? That's basically how the RFID tags on merchandise are disabled at the retail checkout counter. Running the demo caused my Safari to crash Did you mean physicians? If not, I would not put much more stock in a physicist's opinion about sweeteners than any other random person's. A good lesson for those who think governments should be trusted with managing dossiers of any kind about their citizens (e.g. health care records). Sadly, this often makes no difference. Marketing can be done with prototypes, screen mockups, or less. "Microsoft has a problem—the whole industry has a problem. Everyone needs Windows 7 to be a huge success. In the past week, even Intel has been bemoaning the fact that nobody is upgrading machines like they used to." I really don't think this has anything to do with Windows 7 specifically. What's happening is that PCs have reached the point where even a machine that's a few years old running Win2003 is entirely adequate to do the things most people and businesses want a PC to do: run Office, read email, watch YouTube, surf the net. The value-added argument is just no longer convincing for many consumers, especially in this economy. “Our research shows that women directors are doing their jobs very well. But a tough board, with more monitoring, may not always be a good thing.” Hm. Let's think about this. Perhaps if AIG had more women on the board, they would have been more closely "monitoring" all the exposure the company had in its insurance of mortgage-backed securities. So maybe AIG would not have made so much money in that line of business prior to the collapse of those assets, but perhaps they also would not have needed a huge government bail-out either. Just speculating here... The study claims that women on boards tend to monitor more closely and perhaps that's because they are more risk-averse. I can't see that as always being a bad thing. Could be taken too far, but surely it's been lacking in recent times. My son put a quick halt to a bullying situation by responding in kind. Luckily the school was enlightened enough to consider the matter closed at that point. Probably half the content in most newspapers is "pointless babble" particularly in the "Lifestyle" section. 90% or more of email traffic is spam. Doesn't make the media useless. Didn't Microsoft already try basically this, and fail spectacularly, with Passport? We tried Yammer in a team of 12 - 15 devs. About half of them liked it. The other half thought it was "yet another annoying, distracting thing to take me out of my 'flow'" Funny, when I was a beginner most people hacking on a computer at home had two choices, either some dialect of BASIC or, assembler. Today you can probably choose from literally hundreds of languages. Here's what I'd recommend: start off with an interpreted language, maybe Python, and work through a couple of tutorials. If you want to be a little different maybe look at Lua. Then try to build something. Tutorials are good but not as motivating as your own project. I would avoid IDEs like Visual Studio at first, they have a lot of power but for a beginner they might be distracting and keep too much under the covers that you really need to understand. Then start exploring other stuff. At some point you should try a functional language. Work through a book like the Little LISPer until you "get" recursion, currying, how the Y-combinator works (no not this site). Definitely take the time to learn C and pointers. Even assembly. Learn about object-oriented programming. Exposure to all these perspectives will make you a better programmer, no matter which language ultimately becomes your favorite. According to google, the Chrome OS is a lightweight Linux kernel and a new, simple window manager. I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. I guess maybe it will be packaged as a consumer appliance in a way that Linux hardly ever has been. My guess is he'll be moving on from high school early. XML is probably supported on more platforms, and certainly has better support for transforming into other formats (there are some analogs to XSLT for JSON but they're nowhere near as ubiquitous as XSLT processors Interesting, I've used svn for about four years and have never "lost" anything I've changed in my working copy. I've certainly had some cases of merge conflicts that were tedious to resolve, but my changes were all "there". And if you're working in a branch and commit to your branch before you try to merge back into trunk, you can always get everything back if something goes awry. I'm not saying git doesn't handle this better; I have not tried it yet myself. But in my experience it's possible to use svn without risk of losing your changes. The doctrine of the cold war was MAD, Mutually Assured Destruction. But the point wasn't that we had enough weapons to totally eliminate each other's populations, it was that we could totally destroy each other's economic and governmental infrastructure. Not really. A slap in the face is sometimes a good thing. It's very easy to get comfortable when you have a job and a decent apartment and a girlfriend -- enough of a life that you're no longer as "hungry" for more. You can coast like this for 5 - 10 years pretty easily then suddenly realize you've let a lot of time go by. Better to go for the goals now, before you have a mortgage and marriage and kids and other responsibilities which while not bad things, definitely complicate decisions about what to do with your life. Ha ha that's an old bone you dug up there, even so I recognize a few of those personalities in my present-day co-workers. I find that my swapped CAPS-LOCK and CTRL keys are enough to boggle most people who try to use my machine. I guess I have a little taste of what the guys who went thorough school using slide rules felt like when calculators that could do trig functions came out. I went through high school trig, calculus, and undergraduate college math classes with nothing more than a standard 10-digit "scientific" calculator. Graphs? You plotted those with a pencil. Though if you enter "business plan" into the search box you get a pretty relevant page. The subhead says "failure is good" but reading further it becomes clear that what he's saying is "failures come with the territory" Most startups fail. Successes are of course better, but failures are expected and not seen as negatives, more as learning experiences and motivators to succeed on the next attempt. Great start, was enjoyable and informative. Looking forward to the next chapters... e coli in any form of meat is from contamination of the meat with fecal matter in the butchering process, is it not? I assume cooking still kills all strains... Nice to see at least one other person thinks so. I use InstaPaper for stuff that I want to "read later" as is its intended purpose, or stuff that think I might want to return to occasionally. I like that I can get to it from anywhere, doesn't matter if I'm using my local machine. For pages I use all the time... I have a local HTML file as my home page. It's just a simple set of links organized into a few broad categories. Faster than navigating the browser's bookmarks, for me, though slightly more work to update. A little more than a collection of small pieces... they need to be able to work together in standard ways. Wouldn't that be like a CueCat? http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000037.html Though granted, as an iPhone app it would not have the barriers to entry that CueCat faced. Also, modern refining technology allows a greater percentage of a barrel of oil to be made into gasoline, and the low-sulfur mandate has also added to the cost of production. Diesel fuel used to be in some sense a waste product and thus historically was cheaper than gasoline. It's only been within last 5 years or so that diesel has been consistently more expensive than gasoline, at least in the US. I worked in a place that used the "inheritance by copying working code" technique. It was a web app in ASP; each page was basically a stand-alone mini-app that had been copied from some other working page and then modified. Since we had no unit tests, there was one benefit, and that was that you could change the code on a page and be fairly certain that you would not affect any other pages. Excellent observation about understanding pointers; I never really had any difficulty understanding pointers in C, but I had already programmed in assembly language. Shakespeare on the other hand, is still opaque to me. Look for booming business in offshore hosting facilities. Or unless those "other things" have unlikely but potentially really bad consequences. Most of the time, maybe 80% of the time avionics software does not need to contend with the plane flying through a thunderstorm. But I hope that the programmers didn't just toss that possibility into the "not important" category. The "80/20" rule is something MBA types like to toss out so that they sound wise, but in some cases it's needs to be more like the 99.80/00.20 rule. On the other hand if you have a job you like and it's paying you well, it can be hard to get motivated enough to really work on a side project, even if it's something you'd like to try. Forcing a little hunger on yourself might be what you need. "...what I would even need a database for. "The only reason I can see is, to make data available for data-mining and (so called) BI, Business Intelligence, packages (or warehousing, cubes (as per MS))." So, basically everything businesses want to do with data after the initial entry into the app. How does this work at Wrigley Field? (for those who don't know, it's a baseball park in Chicago; the men's restrooms have one large "trough" style urinal along the whole length of the wall) Strangely, I'm always sleepy after exercise. If I go for a run, I'll feel like taking a nap when I'm done. I haven't really paid attention recently, but at a conference several years ago a former Microsoft sales rep said that nearly every "enterprise" product they sold required accompanying SQL Server licenses. Oracle's tools and installers are still not what you'd expect for the price. They are vastly improved from 2002 however. I'm no fan of Obama, but I agree this is a pretty agenda-free speech and probably designed to prop up his popularity with the "independents" and center-right where he has lost a lot of support. One might think this is very gently setting kids up to want to work "for your country" in the literal sense: as government employees, or for government controlled organizations. A conservative could give nearly the same speech but there would be more emphasis on individual achievement and entrepreneurial spirit in an environment of freedom that the country provides and defends; the main motivator being personal success and reaching one's potential, not contributing one's success to "the country". It's the classic tautology: if more than one person knows something, it's not a secret. He left out a lot of other stuff. Hospital rooms. Nurses, lab technicians, all the other staff at the hospital/clinic/doctor's office. Other overhead (office rent, equipment leases) on and on. Liability insurance premiums for malpractice insurance. A huge cost. Enough to drive doctors away from some specialties, such as obstetrics. There's some overhead in insurance company billing operations, but I've not seen any good evidence that the government can do it for less. The word "passionate" has become a meaningless corporate buzzword I don't know how quickly they will die. A lot of folks will justify $1.00 for a RedBox rental and not the $40 or more/month for broadband internet. This was exactly the approach I took with an app about 4 - 5 years ago. Back then XML not JSON was the data transport format, but I kept it lightweight. The UI was built in the browser using XSLT to generate HTML. Additional transforms tied to UI events allowed filtering, sorting, etc. all on the client. IE, for all its other flaws, actually supported this much better than any other browser at that time and we were developing in an IE-only environment. Business logic was on the server in stored procedures, which were exposed in a simple web service api so they could be called directly by the browser script logic. This also made it very testable because the stored procedures could be invoked by testing scripts that did not depend on the presence of any middle tier or UI at all. It also would have been a simple matter to build other client front-ends, as long a platform could work with XML and HTTP it could in theory be a client. The XSLT to render the UI from XML could get a bit verbose but despite that it turned out to be a very productive way to work. The downsides at the time were that IE was slow to render when you injected the HTML output of the transforms into the body.innerHTML property; this became noticeable if the generated page was large, but on the plus side this was a constraint against developing overly-complex pages. With most laptops being assembled in China to begin with, does it really matter? I quit my last job because of pair programming. I absolutely cannot think with another person sitting next to me at a desk. It's the absolute worst experience I've ever had as a developer. Full-time pair programming keeps developers focused and coding, all day, every day, week-in, week-out. Sounds like a recipe for burn-out to me. Maybe if you switch to 6 hour days, or 4 day weeks, it could be more sustainable. I did like one thing he said though, which has nothing to do with pairing... he said they require developers to purchase their own laptops. Like a mechanic or carpenter provides his own tools. That makes some sense to me. Let people chose the tools that they are most familiar with and most productive using. I think pairing sucks. Based on my personal experience with it. I'm just not cut out for it, mostly. I'm more comfortable and productive in the the "private office with a door" environment that DeMarco and Spolsky advocate. I don't dispute that pairing works for some people, in some situations. Despite the overall "we're so smart and so much better than everyone else" attitude in this piece, the still-relevant conclusion is that pairing is not easy, requires large investments in both physical assets and people who want to work that way. He even admits that once your team is larger than a dozen or so, the feasibility of pairing starts to break down because of personality conflicts. Octane III is immediately available with Intel® Xeon® processor 5500 series or Intel® Atom™ configurations. The base configuration price starts at $7,995. Oh your reply just crystalized one of the main problems I had with pairing. See, I use emacs and a bunch of command line tools. Almost everyone else in the shop used visual studio. I think one other guy used some editor he liked. So to pair with someone I had to use visual studio, which is like asking a master carpenter to use a hammer and saw that were picked up at Wal-Mart instead of the tools he had spent a decade mastering. So in order to pair effectively, everyone has to use the same tools. And that's going to be a big problem for people who don't like those tools. I don't think the article really hit that point. EDIT: Oh and your little aside: I would suggest any appraisal of the general practice of software development that doesn't portray it as almost totally broken is far from accurate is fabulous. Love it. Or you can do a google search on the title, with the site: qualifier, and get to the cached copy that way. MySQL is hardly a threat to Oracle's RDBMS. If you need Oracle enough to pay their asking price, MySQL is not a substitute. I was thinking about this today, wondering if it's the start of one of those market pendulum direction changes. We had the vertical "systems" provider in IBM. You bought everything from them, hardware, 3270 terminals, printers, networks, software, everything. Then we moved into the era where you bought everything from different vendors. Servers from one vendor, networking gear from another, software from everyone and anyone, and people start to realize "gee this is a f-ing mess, can't I just get one company to do all this for me" and that's where Oracle wants to step in and be able to say "yes". Exactly. Do you write tests for your tests? In one TDD shop I worked in, test failures were often as not due to bugs in the test code as in the app code. Reminds me of Negroponte's observation (in his book Being Digital from sometime in the mid 1990s). At the time, digital television was hung up in debates about what high-definition standard to use. He said that for most people most of the time, standard def was fine and that in focusing on a level of "quality" that most people did not care about, a lot of other potentially interesting and useful things you could do in the same bandwidth were not being developed. At least, that's what I recall now. It's been at least 10 years since I looked at that book. "I disagree unless all your changes are really shallow." You are correct sir! What the tests do is allow you to refactor (reorganize or clean up code) and verify that you haven't changed functionality. That's the theory. In practice however you are hardly ever refactoring for its own sake. In most cases you can't really justify paying developers to change code without some benefit that someone (i.e. a customer) will pay YOU for. And as soon as you start changing behaviors, you now have to change code and tests (or write new tests). "Today’s LED-based lamps cost up to $100 each ... Over the long term, we can absolutely get the cost down to the $20-25 range" While they do sound better than the abysm that is the compact flourescent bulb, at that price they're a no-go compared to incandescents that are $0.20 - $0.25 or less at retail. For some definition of "many" this is surely true. Heh that takes me back to my "Programming Languages" class, taught by Friedman, and using The Little LISPer as a textbook. The important thing is to understand your database's concurrency model. They don't all work the same way. This causes problems e.g. for SQL Server developers who are new to Oracle, or vice versa, and naively assume that everything is the same. They've owned BerkeleyDB for a while also, and AFAIK they have been good stewards. $8MM is a lot of money but that doesn't mean it will be spent wisely. During the dot-com days I worked for a company that had $30MM in funding and pissed every cent of it away. What the providers bill the insurance companies, and what the insurance companies pay, are two different things. Ever read those "explanation of benefits" statements? I happen to have one here that lists the doctor's submitted fee for a covered service as $179. The insurance "contracted fee" was $50. So really the doctor got $50; I don't know what happens to the other $129, probably a tax write-off of some sort. What an idiotic headline. It's so emotionally charged that rational exploration of the subject of end of life care is impossible. I guess I'm either getting old or just have a different mindset. I think of chat as as enormous distraction to getting work done. I am one of those people who disables intrusive alerts from email and anything else that might lurk in the system tray and interrupt me. I check my email a couple of times a day, and generally sign off of chat services if I want to concentrate. Good luck to you though; clearly a lot of people have a different view on this. And this is the real problem. This will happen again. That email should have been sent with something like PGP encryption to ensure that only the intended recipient could open it. no customer data of any sort has been viewed or used by any inappropriate user during this data lapse Since the email was apparently sent "in the clear" they cannot say this with certainty. A copy could have been siphoned off any intermediate network or smtp server. Some people still think shutting off the monitor means shutting off the computer Heh. I had this problem with my mom who could never understand that she could record on her VCR even if the TV was off. Or tuned to another channel. The reason the Mac mouse has only one button... so that users never need to think about which one to click. The most memorable for me was the user who called everything a "macro". Called once when his mouse stopped working and said his computer had "lost its mouse macros". Also Lua I can see students and business professionals incorporating this device into their busy daily lives to fill the gaps between their laptop and smartphone. For this to happen the device will need to synchronize and interoperate effortlessly with their laptop, desktop, and other devices. This is where Windows has historically been weak. I admit I am ignorant of improvements that might be in Windows 7. With 4 billion buyers, you can sell for pennies and still make a lot of money. Remember the marginal cost of software is zero. Capone's Vault. I participated in the interview of a dev candidate who had the same answer. "I really can't think of anything I've failed at." This was so implausible that on the basis of that answer alone I voted "no hire" I also refuse to use wireless keyboards and mice. Have had far more aggravation from them than convenience. For me the point where drupal starts to suck is when the core + modules won't do the job. As soon as you start getting into CCK, Views, etc. you're skating on the edge of real development, without any of the tools that make that productive. Writing PHP code in a textarea is not my idea of a good time. And if you have more than one "developer" working on it, fugehtaboutit. With so much stored in the database, synchronizing changes among various developers is nigh on impossible. I speculated years ago that Microsoft's long-term vision was to eliminate the browser. I think they wanted a world where people ran fat .NET clients delivered via one-click deployment. Interesting to see now that the browser continues to be the application "container" and javascript the implementation language for applications. And the alternatives and challenges to IE have continued to grow. Wonder if Microsoft regrets not maintaining IE for the Mac, and their even older *nix port. I don't care for most of their editorials, and generally don't read the fiction either, but the expository writing in The New Yorker is often superb and quite intellectually stimulating. This peek into the behind-the-scenes processes there goes a long way towards explaining why. I've seen this happen time and again, where developers or project managers will decide to "improve" some part of the clients business process rather than just do what they were asked to do. It's almost a "we know better than you" attitude. And they then don't understand why the clients are unhappy with the system when it is delivered. No, it's still javascript running in a browser. What I noticed was that most of the attention was between the left side and center of the page. The only attention point on the right side was the scroll bar. Made me think of the NEXTSTEP window manager where the scroll bars were on the left. The explanation at the time for this apparent deviation from the "standard" was that it kept the scroll bar closer to the user's primary attention areas on the page. In Mac OS X i guess Apple caved to popular convention and moved the scroll bars to the right. They also didn't mention horizontal scrolling, which I personally cannot stand. Vertical scrolling is not nearly as objectionable, though in forms it's more of a bother than on pages where you are just reading. Best eye-opener I had on JavaScript is Douglas Crockford's site. www.crockford.com. Many folks here probably know of it, but if you've never perused that site you're missing something good. But don't make the mistake of assuming that when writing "for (var i=...)" that i is scoped to the loop block. JavaScript does not have block scope. It only has function scope, with the "Global Object" scope being the top level scope. I don't know about music being level headed. It's not uncommon for parents who think their kid is a prodigy to have them in violin classes at age 3 or 4. I don't know if the music community itself thinks this is good or bad, though. Backups are only as good as your ability to recover from them. How many of us think we are doing a good job backing up data, AND have actually tried to run a disaster recovery drill and have verified that you can recover your systems from your backups? You don't want to find the gaps in you backup strategy during a real system failure, when you're under the pressure of the clock to get the system back up. iswitchb-mode is a cool little thing I recently discovered. I somehow enabled it accidentally, was puzzled for a moment until I realized what it was doing, and now I love it. sql-oracle mode in emacs takes away a lot of the pain of using sql-plus (if you're an emacs-er) If you use a Mac, Omni Outliner ( http://www.omnigroup.com/applications/omnioutliner/ ) is pretty good. The five steps in the writing process: Planning, Drafting, Revising, Editing, Formatting. Formatting is last. This is why I like to write in plain text (I use emacs, but that's not really important). When I use something like MS Word, formatting is in your face from the get-go (probably 80% of the toolbar and menu items concern formatting), and I tend to sidetrack into formatting too much at the expense of properly organizing my ideas. Except the LOIs in this case are utterly meaningless. I've been on the customer side of LOIs that were signed on request, knowing that it obligated us to nothing. They implied they were writing code by telling the customer that "development was progressing". Could you argue this was not a lie? Yes, if you are a weasel. Objective-C is not Apples "own" language. They (and NeXT, before them) used it to build the Cocoa framework but Objective-C is an add-on to GNU C and freely available for anyone to use. The language dates back to the 1980's at least. Well big chunks of the code base that they bought from NeXT were Obj-C. So there's the legacy issue. And as protomyth said, in the early days of OS X they really tried to convert people to Java but few developers got on board with it. Maybe because most people writing Cocoa apps in the early days were former NEXTSTEP developers and they used what they knew. Using Java to write Cocoa apps probably felt a bit like using COBOL to write .NET apps. You can do it, but it's probably not too fun. I've met and worked with fast food managers who are plenty smart. And some who aren't. Just like the software developers I've met and worked with. And I would add, release early and often only if releasing is easy. I worked in an shop that was trying to be "agile" with an enterprisey consultingware kind of product. They tried to release every 6 weeks or so, but the releases were complicated to deploy and deployments were additionally complicated by their customers' own change management processes that made the releases flow like cold molasses. They ended up with releases backed up two or three cycles at some customer sites, customers who could not cope and only wanted every other (or every third release), which created a support nightmare and customers who felt the software was in a never ending state of flux. So, if your releases involve a "download this zip file and extract it here" kind of process, it's a lot more feasible to do the early/often thing. If your releases require dispatching an engineer on a site visit, maybe not such a good idea. Right... the reason XP has hung on so strongly is that it was finally a Microsoft OS that did what most people wanted without crashing or locking up all the time. When you have a stable OS that meets your needs, why change (especially if you are a business and you need to justify expenses with a bit more of a rationale than "ooh, that's pretty, I want it" I think in the case of governments it's not that they can be too big to fail, it's that if they get too big, they do fail. Though maybe that's the general case, now that I think about it. edit s/its/it\'s/g CTRL-[ works as an alternative. Why don't we have easy life-logging now? I don't get why you'd want to do this. Sorry I just don't get it. Why would you want to record your whole life, especially on a pendant-cam that would be bouncy and pointing at something irrelevant half the time. If a lot of people would want something like this, I must really be getting old and out of touch. I guess it might appeal to the types of people who keep diaries or journals now. I'm not one of them, and neither is anyone I know. Do you keep an audio record of your whole life now? That's been feasible for a long time. Why not? What about video would make you start? I'd quibble a bit with #8, page titles. In my experience users rarely if ever look at the page titles in the browser; they don't really impact usability. If titles are important, pages should have a title banner or heading in the page itself, and not rely on users looking at the title up at the top of the browser window. I agree, sports in HD is nice but I find it acceptable on standard. For movies or anything else, it doesn't matter. VHS tapes are good enough for me, and in fact preferable because they are so much more user friendly than DVDs. AAPL was in the $10 - 12 range at the low in 2001 after the dotcom crash. Why did you leave out a "User" category... use OSS but have never looked at the code or modified it in any way? Agreed. The complexity of the Earth's climate can't be reduced to a handful of TRUE/FALSE questions. Anything we do to attempt to manupulate it will either a) have no significant effect or b) have unpleasant, unforseen side-effects. You are right that some crappy software is highly profitable, but to say that Microsoft's software products have gotten worse with each release is to have a very non-standard definition of "worse". You still might not like Windows or Office, but on the basis of stability and usability, two attributes that most people would correlate with quality, there is really no question that relative quality improved from one release to the next. Or do what I do, browse with all plugins disabled. Nice effort, and great to see someone building a Cappuccino app; I like that I don't need any plugins to run it. Clearly it's still beta, but something to keep an eye on. How to ensure that [some] people won't read your post: require Flash. I'm probably not in the majority, but I read email in a text-mode MUA and wouldn't see the picture either way. Here's a hint for marketing folks who want to send email to people like me: make sure your email looks reasonable in plain-text mode. This is provocative comment. I use svn every day. It seems to meet all my needs. I find it logical, fast enough, tags, branches, and merging make sense, etc. When I started hearing about git, I looked at the docs and a couple of tutorials, and my conclusion was that it was esoteric. Nothing stood out as "wow that would be really cool" or "wow that's something I have wished I could do but svn doesn't let me". If it's "fast" that's nice, but not enough of a reason for me to switch; I don't feel like my productivity is really hampered very much waiting for svn operations. So, I never actually tried using git. But, your remarks have intrigued me, so I might give it a try on a couple of personal projects I want to get done. Even if it does, whatever was public may well be cached in innumerable places all over the internet. You pretty much have to assume that whatever you post on sites like that will be "out there" forever. On an everyday level, this reminds me of an observation made by one of Crichton's characters (I think it was the mathematician in Jurassic Park) that despite all the appliances and conveniences of modern technology, housekeeping still takes the same number of hours a week as it always has. The old metalink was not pretty, but it got the job done. Nobody I know has liked the Flash version since the day it was unveiled. Everybody continued to use "classic" metalink. Why Oracle has persisted in pushing this on the world I don't know. The LAST thing you want when your database is down is to wait on a g damn flash app to load. Support ticket systems are not SUPPOSED to look like a marketing site. They are supposed to be fast, lightweight, and usable because most of the people using them have a problem to solve. Now. mom and pop brochure sites are not the sort who would be using spdy anyway, they'd just use http. Wouldn't spdy capable browsers declare this capability so the server could immediately redirect to spdy:// those clients that support the protocol? I hit that web button quite often (I have a verizon phone). I just hit "End" and I've never been charged for data. Of course, I don't have a data plan in the first place, so that's one way to avoid it. I drive a 26 year old car and my home computer is a six year old Macintosh. The numbers of people killed by governments dwarfs the number killed by corporations. EDIT: this was meant to be in reply to ct4ul4u. Agree. There are still cases where assembly language is the appropriate choice. That doesn't mean those generalize to "business" use cases. Sure there are cases where a "nosql" approach makes sense. But the examples cited (Google, Digg) bear little similarity to a typical "business" use case, and I'd claim that for "business" applications RDBMS is generally the best solution. On a Mac, you can view everything in greyscale using the Universal Access panel in System Preferences. I can see differences in the hats but cannot see the "3" in the Ishihara plates. Ha. I can't read it. But if I boost the contrast on my display the message becomes visible. Of course they are relying on you to intuit some property of the situation that they don't mention. If they had said the box has three incandescent bulbs which become hot after they are switched on, most people would "get" the answer easily. In a real application development situation, however, solving a problem based on what you assume to be true rather than what the customer asked for is usually a mistake.