When I worked in an office, nobody was a smoker (Sweden...) but instead we had coffee breaks. The time when we needed to refill our coffee mugs would synchronize and we'd end up around the coffee machine in the airy full-window hallway. You can change cities by clicking on "切换城市". Of course it's still not the whole country but it's still more than one city. Where in Europe? Do you have a link to numbers? Apple don't dominate in Sweden at least. http://feber.se/android/art/199920/android_nu_strre_n_iphone... How is the iPad 2 not just milking the original iPad? It has no revolutionary changes, it's just faster, thinner, and has the cameras the iPad was rumored to have from the beginning. I think most companies have the muscle to put out a slight revision on a first product after a year. Sony Ericsson featurephones have had video editing built-in since 2005. I think this is the biggest issue with the new subscription rule: Not the 30%, not the requirement to price match, but that it's just so confusing that nobody really understands what applies and where. I visit the Bay area yearly, and every time I make sure that my connection is in Europe and I never have to connect in the U.S. I've visited a ton of countries (including China), and the U.S. is definitely the most hostile to visit. As an EU citizen you get interrogated why you're visiting the U.S. When I was in SF for WWDC, it was easy, "I'm here for Apple's WWDC". Any other time it's been a 15 minute ordeal of explaining what computer software is exactly and how my international contractor relationship works and why I'm not going to escape into the forests and become a day laborer. Once they even asked for a bank statement. In no other countries I've traveled to (20+) have I had to explain why I'm there aside from checking a box on a paper form. The UK is very much America's little brother. A little less so under Brown but they still love following U.S. precedents. Seems broken in Safari http://imgb.mp/e0q So would HTML+CSS+two drinky birds tapping the keys a'la Homer Simpson count? But what's keeping them from pirating Xcode? Now where's the music video where this is synced to the same data interpreted as 100x100px frames of RGB image data? American banks are really terrible with this, and I just don't understand why. I live in Sweden, but I get paid for work I do for a U.S. company. Both my employer and I have Bank of America accounts in the states, and my employer sending a wire to my BoA account takes longer to process than me sending a wire from my BoA account to my Swedish bank. So it takes longer to send a wire WITHIN THE SAME BANK thank it does to send internationally halfway around the globe. There's really something truly deeply wrong with U.S. banking. Meanwhile, here in Sweden, cheques don't exist and everyone uses wire transfers to pay each other, pay rent etc. They're always free, can be done online, take seconds within the same bank, and half a business day between banks. And this system has been in place for literally decades. It sure has, but only thanks to piracy, not through any initiative from the movie studios' part. That doesn't really work for me - my parents left this country for Australia, and I've visited them but it sure doesn't feel like "home", it feels a lot more like home when they come visit me here in Sweden - so there's definitely something to say for environment playing a role. I don't see why you couldn't inject a CR LF? Sure it might not be that dangerous (although it could be depending on what validation the server does on # of args), but you're still modifying the query. Binary protocols aren't magically immune to injection-style attacks, just look at the decades of buffer overflow vulnerabilities. It's cute how he end his long list of messy hacks for dealing with NAT with "Appreciate the astonishing long-lasting simplicity". tap tap tap also made a blog post on working as a distributed team, focusing on the tools used to keep everyone in sync http://taptaptap.com/blog/tools-for-effective-iphone-app-dev... (shameless plug disclaimer: I work for them. That said, it's on-topic and a good overview) « I mean, he could have dropped a piano on it, or set it on fire...» Exactly. People have to keep in mind this is a Clarkson review we're talking about. If you want to see how he deals with cars he really doesn't like, just search YouTube for "clarkson perodua kelisa". As someone who lives in a country where half the year it's -10℃ with 2 hours of sunlight (zero hours if it's cloudy), I'd have to say it's not quite viable. Another problem with desert solar power plants is political - Europe for instance would become dependant on the middle east and africa for power, which after the past couple decades of oil politics doesn't look like a very attractive option. Of course nuclear isn't much better in this regard - while we do have uranium deposits, we don't have any uranium mines, and hence rely on imports for nuclear fuel. Perhaps their internal capacity is already tied up in other tasks, so while they have 1000 cores internally, they can't all be monopolized for 80 hours for a single task like the AWS machines can. Odd, on my Mac Firefox 4.0 is by far the slowest (the smoothing pass is painful to watch), with Safari (5.0.4) coming in second and Chrome (10.0.648.204) is easily the fastest. MacBook Pro Mid-2009 2.53 GHz Core 2 Duo. Didn't try Opera. What's interesting is that they're still only opening it for "partners", so they're not quite taking up the fight with Ustream, justin.tv or Niconicodouga yet. It's just as easy to de-authorize devices (and hence invalidate host IDs) on Dropbox as is is to change your Facebook password. I've never had a proper job in an office - I started working an online gig in uni, and I've been working for them ever since. It's great not needing to be in one place. I've started taking round-the-world trips - live cheap in hostels, work in coffee shops using their WiFi. Hanging out in Singapore and Tokyo sure motivates me to work a lot more than my apartment at home. Haha, I hate T5 the most :/ Taking a train within the terminal, the longest security lines within Heathrow... no thanks. It sure looks purdy, but it's really hell to deal with. I don't even think it has mains sockets like the T3/T4 do. If this was a regular comment I wouldn't say anything, but since this is likely a canned copy/paste you'll repeat, I'll be a grammar nazi and ask you to please fix it to say "you're" instead of "your". Just because you don't need a smartphone doesn't mean you won't get one. Come contract renewal, she'll probably get an Android phone whether she wants to or not (in the U.S., it may take another contract cycle, but here in Europe, everyone is giving out entry-level Android phones from ZTE, Sony Ericsson etc as freephones) In late 2009 I bought 2 Crucial SSDs for my MacBook Pro, replacing a Seagate HDD that had died after just 5 months (the other one went in the optical bay). They're still working fine after 16+ months, and even if they die now they'll have outlived many of my harddrives (75GXP anyone?). One is my boot drive, and one is my media drive. SMART reports the boot drive has 78% of its erases left, and the media drive 100% (mostly static data). ~20% erases down after 16 months means if the wear leveling works out, my drive should last another 5 years. My usage is quite normal - coding work doesn't do very many heavy writes. I have 8 GB RAM, so the swap file doesn't see much usage, but instead there's 8 GB of hibernate file writes whenever I put my laptop to sleep (a couple times a day). Also, there's some background process that hits the drive with ~100 KB of writes every couple of seconds. The Apple document reads "publicly associate", which I read as "don't show the UDID under a user profile". But it also says "Never store user information based solely on the UDID. Always use a combination of UDID and application-specific user ID." I was hoping they'd discuss how SunSpider doesn't test the DOM, Canvas or other things that web apps commonly do. I haven't felt my apps have really been performance constrained by basic JS language performance, but rather DOM tree searches, element creation, innerHTML parsing, etc. Benchmarking a JavaScript Raytracer and encryption engine is a noble cause for advancing JS going forward (especially with projects such as node.js gaining momentum), but it doesn't feel very relevant to me, right now, today. What other benchmarks are there? Apple's Sunspider, Google's V8 Benchmark Suite, Mozilla's Kraken, that JSLint-based one... Does anyone know of a good link where someone has deconstructed all these JS benchmarks and what parts of a browser they actually test? If they don't want to spend their time complying with the software license, then they're free to not use open source licensed code in their products. Microsoft do just that, and they never have to worry about compliance issues. I don't think Apple would appreciate it if I downloaded iWork and instead of paying them said "Promoting strict and timely license compliance falls somewhere below sleeping". I assume they mean, if you brick the phone, the warranty is void. If you reflash your phone but then the hardware breaks, the warranty is still valid. Conversely, Americans can't listen to Spotify, or watch many of the european broadcaster's online streams (e.g. Eurovision) And the other day I saw a HN comment for another one of these HTML5 demos that it kept crashing someone's iOS Safari browser. Apparently Flash doesn't just suck because Adobe are useless, but because interaction and animation is a hard problem to solve. That said, this was pretty cool. The 3D was a bit "Money for nothing", and my Chrome gave me 10 seconds of beachball each time it switched from 2D video to 3D, but it's still showing that the web is moving forward (to CD-ROMs from the 90's) The PDF file was 720 KB. The Scribd reader page was 3.1 MB (800+KB of JavaScript alone). So the PDF would actually load quicker than the cloud reader. Ah, I've never had that problem since both Chrome and Safari have native PDF renderers that load instantly. And Scribd just sent me 10(ten) e-mails since I had the audacity to log in using Facebook and it decided to go all social on me and add all my friends one by one. No thanks. All my friends use Google Talk since we all have Android phones and use it instead of SMS since it's free. I've never used the voice/video desktop client though. Their site has a pretty bad example. Instead imagine it's an array of authors instead. Then their selector would give you a list of all their favourite drinks, which would require a loop in normal JS. I think I'd prefer something more XPath-like than CSS myself (as someone linked in another comment) "Apple states that although the present invention is primarily described in the context of a browser-based word processing system, the present invention could in fact be more generally applied to any system that renders textual information in a platform-independent manner and is not meant to be limited to word-processing systems or browser-based systems." So... they patented PDF? Don't Adobe have patents that clash with this? #5 on iTunes U.S. Top Paid Apps chart right now Where are the links to his bug reports for these so we can vote on them to be fixed? I don't see what justification there is for this being a law. It's simple enough to make it part of the Terms of Service, and then terminate the accounts of anyone who's logged in on more than 10 IP addresses at the same time. It's fundamentally different from the old "theft of cable" laws where the service provider doesn't have full control over the signal/content. That's completely reasonable. As is Netflix putting "only one household" in their ToS. It'd be unreasonable if there was a specific law on the books in Japan that says if you loan out your rail pass you're branded a criminal (which in the case of Japan means you're deported for life) and get jail time, instead of them just taking it away from you and saying "you broke the terms, no more rail pass for you". I remember this used to be possible in the classic MacOS (System 7, technically it wasn't called "MacOS" back then). The native PICT image format was just QuickDraw graphics API calls serialized to a binary file, so there was a screenshot program that would simply record the API calls made, and save them to a PICT file. They also have a flash site where fans can create their own ideal member using parts from the other girls, and then share and rank each other's creations http://www.icenomi.com/oshimen/index.html It looks like it was written by someone who wanted to parse their XML using regexps instead of a real parser. I find it a real shame Apple have no interest in making their iMessages and FaceTime networks interoperate with XMPP and instead going their own way. We're going to end up with people on different mobile OSes hesitating to communicate with each other because they'll fall back on expensive SMSes (a network effect much like today with discounted in-network calling). Some of the trains used for commuting where I live (southern sweden/denmark) do have a first class area (which is nearly always empty…). Quoth the article: «A common fear about loser-pays is that the side who loses a routine dispute will get handed a bill for 10,000 hours from Cravath, Swaine & Moore. But European courts are well aware of the danger that successful litigants will overinvest in their cases and gold-plate their fee requests. They carefully control the process to prevent that danger, giving the losing side a full chance to dispute a fee award, requiring that work be reasonable and necessary, providing that elite lawyer rates not be paid if a Main Street lawyer could have done the job, and so forth.» I don't know which John Walicki the quote is from, but the top result on LinkedIn works for IBM, so it's a possibility that they as a service provider support users of many different corporations on a single product. Reading the comments on Mike Kaply's post, this is my favorite quote: «Alienate the corporate users and you’ll alienate home users.» It appears these corporate IT types honestly don't understand why Apple are doing so well. There were plenty of wireless-optimized TCP replacements proposed back in the days when WAP and XHTML Mobile were the hottest things around, but none took root as operators, web servers and browsers needed to adopt them in tandem. Now that smartphone apps are widespread and someone developing a service can control both sides of the connection, there's definitely room for someone to devise a really good TCP replacement (layered on top of UDP) with an iOS library, an Android library, and an Apache mod. I suspect spammers have moved from email to the web. I'm seeing more forum/comment form spam now than ever (especially on disqus sites, I've only seen 1-2 spam facebook comments yet). Too bad web spam is basically impossible to measure overall. Isn't that simplifying things a bit? Loops are hidden everywhere, just concatenating a string is actually a loop even if there's no visible for/where, but the best optimization for that isn't speeding up the loop, it's removing the call completely. I'm often a part of the design sessions at my work, and all the questions that look like so much in text are covered in an audio chat in 5-10 minutes, and for something like adding an error dialog and character counter, another half an hour turnaround from our designer for the graphics. I'd say any feature that takes less than an hour to design is a small change. I guess I'm luckily in that at my work, WebKit (Safari+Chrome) represents 60% of the visitors, with the rest being split among Firefox (20%) and IE (10%, which we don't even bother testing for) iPhone camera app with hosted pages for twitter sharing You'd rather they lie to you? Also varies based on what you've visited before. English Wikipedia works fine… until you visit the Tiananmen Square Protests article, and then suddenly all of Wikipedia stops working. The HTML5 video plays fine for me. Xperia Arc, Android 2.3.3 I don't get why this is downvoted because it's pretty much true. I definitely learned to identify the kind of unproductive enthusiast teams without the talent required to get anything done the blog post lays out from all the "let's make this awesome game" forum endeavors of my youth. That anecdote doesn't pass the smell test. The article says "the 1860's". Quoth wikipedia: «The last convict ship to be sent from England, the St. Vincent, arrived in 1853». Another source[1] states that the worst death rate of the fleet was 33%, far below the 60% in your source. Makes for a great story/example though! Which I guess is how these anecdotes propagate. [1] http://www.historyaustralia.org.au/ifhaa/ships/2ndfleet.htm They presumably started calling it an App Store after people started referring to mobile software as "Apps" (which seems to have started with the iPhone). If a piece of mobile software is called an "App", then calling the place you got it an "App Store" is pretty natural. So if Apple want to own "App Store", they also ought to go after everyone calling them "Apps". If "App" is generic, so should "App Store". IMHO Spotify stopped being interesting when they had to drop their ad-supported all-you-can-eat free tier. That's what really drove growth in Europe and make it ubiquitous here in Sweden. Now that that's gone, they're just another dime-a-dozen paid music streaming services that nobody wants to pay for. edit: For anyone wondering what the big deal with Spotify is, is that it was completely free. Anyone could just download the app, and then listen to any song they wanted to, legally, completely free - there were just short ad breaks every couple of songs. This free legal option meant that there was zero reason to pirate music anymore, so everyone flocked to it. If you paid €10/mo you got a higher bitrate, no ads, offline playing and access to the iPhone/Android apps. The pay option was attractive if you were going to have a party (ads are a turnoff in situations like that), or when you end up requiring the iPhone app since you don't have any music files to put on your MP3 player anymore since you've just been listening to everything on Spotify... The record companies really hated giving away music (despite Spotify being a goldmine for them - Spotify is currently the #1 single source of income for record labels in Sweden, making them more money than any single retailer), so they had to kill it a couple months back (rumor has it they had to kill it in order to secure U.S. rights). Without the completely free tier, they'll have a really hard time getting new users. It's not an entire continent - Spotify is only available in a handful of European countries. They've also spent a lot of time in invitation-only mode. Plus if they tie in with Facebook that will be some amazing marketing incomparable to anything they've done before. They've cut it down to 10 hours free a month, which is more a sample than a real service. On my desktop if I'm in a stack of dialogs I often use the ESC key as a back button. iOS has zero meaningful inter-process communication (which is why every app has to have a piss-poor re-implementation of Safari and Twitter) so it doesn't even have a concept of "global". Doesn't this article forget Samsung, who themselves manufacture a lot of the major components that make up a modern phone (display, flash memory, camera, etc). Samsung don't copy technology from from Apple, despite their designs being somewhat... inspired by them. They're up there with everyone else battling on the forefront of component development, e.g. bright colorful S-AMOLED displays, better camera sensors, etc. This technology actually sees some use on Japanese TV http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDvIJtqQWwk#t=131s I instantly thought of this when I saw the characteristic head-swaying On our iOS camera app, owners of early iPod Touch devices leave 1-star reviews because our app doesn't add a hardware camera to their device. There are some stunningly idiotic users out there. Wow, 11% still on iOS 3? That compares to less than 4% still on Android 1.x http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... > there's nothing to suggest that you'll be able to get the playlists on your computer out as easily as Spotify does from iTunes. It is actually really easy, I think they have an API for this. Once Spotify launched in the U.S., my friend switched from Spotify to WiMP (wimpmusic.se), and they could easily just import his playlists and boom he had all his music again. It's sure a heck of a lot easier than dealing with DRM - I still have a ton of songs from iTunes Japan (which still uses FairPlay DRM) I can't play on my Android phone at all It appears it's using SVG gradients, so the banding depends on how your browser is rendering it. Only when everything on the news page is marked as read and I'm in hyper-procrastination mode. I love having images to scan instead of just headlines (which Andy seems to detest), so when my local newspaper redesigned their page, I fell in love http://www.sydsvenskan.se/ (Swedish) Breaking news at the very top, then a top story, then the other top 4 stories. Then a simple scrolling list of the latest news by time descending (great when you check in a few times a day). Of course, as a local paper they have a lot less content making it a much easier job than something on the scale of the NYT. Re: SABnzbd+, I wonder if he's tried Sickbeard. Works well to avoid the situation where you'd end up with dupes. There's an Android app called "Image Viewer" that'll view any gigantic JPEG by only decoding the part you're looking at. No special processing required, it'll take any JPEG off your memory card/you downloaded in the phone browser. I used it to view a high-resolution PDF bike route map converted to a 20 MB JPEG for viewing on the road - works great. The icon is ugly as sin though. https://market.android.com/details?id=image.viewer It seems like Windows does unspeakable things to the font we use, so I changed it to Georgia. Windows font rendering makes me sad :( Not "if you use a mobile Facebook app", more like "If you said yes to some option that allows them to do this". I've had the Facebook app on all my phones the past few years (1 java, 5 android, 1 symbian), and yet I have no phone contacts here. I find that while I like trying out apps, I only have a few that I actually end up using. So I have a cheap iPod touch for trying out apps and doing dev work, and then I use an Android phone daily. When a non-android smartphone adds support for Mobile Suica and 1seg, then I'll be glad to entertain switching. http://downrightnow.com/ monitors twitter, their own user reports, official status RSS feeds, etc for a probability calculation of if a site is down or not. I'd like to know what he means by "4G". HSDPA (could probably be done really easily with a hacked AT&T femtocell)? WiMAX? LTE? What other APIs do you use? Because I find I have far more issues with the Twitter API (downtime, poor documentation, lacking features, etc) > I'm not aware of any stock camera application that does QR detection. Nokia phones have come with QR readers stock for a few years now, and Sony Ericsson's Android phones come with NeoReader preinstalled. It would be nice if more Android manufacturers could create devices like the Sony Ericsson Xperia Play - phones with physical game controls. Sadly it seems to be a dead-end, since developers won't rewrite games for a single handset. The problem with selling a $599 phone in the U.S. market was that unlike in other countries where an unsubsidized phone will get you a cheaper plan (thus making it cheaper in the long run), IIRC the iPhone plans were actually more expensive. Yes. Word even localizes the keyboard shortcuts (e.g. in Swedish office, you bold text with command-F for "Fetstil") Why couldn't this just as well be "AT&T reacts to Google Talk"? I know that ever since me and all my friends got Android phones, I've stopped using SMS entirely and only use Google Talk. So how are iOS app developers supposed to test for these undocumented variations? Are you planning on writing a Jailbroken-phones-crazy-ass-hacks test suite for us? In one of our games, certain jailbroken phones broke the shadows under a character. How do we even begin to debug that? Especially when the only bug reports are 1-star reviews with no way to contact the user? One of the beauties of the iOS platform is that there is very little variation, and any changes are well-documented and you have plenty of time to test for them in advance. It's one reason it's so popular to develop for and the apps are so high-quality. It would be cool if this service could monitor your Twitter/Facebook/etc for signs of life to cut down on the link-clicking required, and to add more resilience in the case of spam filtering. Wouldn't that create the reverse incentive for AT&T though? Jack up prices so that people get used to free iMessage but when get penalized heavy when they use those heavy messaging habits on someone without an iPhone? > holding down one key while pressing another has no parallel to real life searching. Yeah, but having a device instantly find something for you among a stack of 100 pages also has no parallel to real-life searching. The parallel to real life searching is paging through pages one by one, or browsing an index - precisely the things we're trying to get away from. If you stretch your search for metaphors too far you end up with outdated ones nobody knows about - like for searching it'd be the old library card catalog. Heck even today, I bet a majority of computer uses have never used a filing cabinet with documents in folders. At some point we have to create new metaphors, when the digital realm create opportunities that never existed in the real world Once Apple released the Magic Trackpad, all my mouse annoyances disappeared. It's always right there, and it has a tactility on par with keyboards. I'm in Japan right now, and I've found the early warning service random at best. I'd say 50% of the time I get alerts, I actually feel the quake, and 50% of the quakes I get have no alert. There are quakes [that you can feel] about every other day (here in Tokyo, they're still more frequent up in Sendai). Google have a vested interest in non-browser apps? What? Why does ChromeOS exist then? They've been doing the image scanning thing a bit in Sweden, where you can take pictures of bus stop ads and be taken to a site. The problem as I see it is that it needs a database connection, which means * You need a network connection for it to work, so it won't work everywhere (subway ads) * Since there's a network service involved, it can't be an open standard, and users will need 20 different apps installed for all the different service providers, and figure out just what app to use for this damn ad. * Due to the network roundtrip, you don't have instant feedback that the scan worked, which is a problem since * Performance is poor in the dark. QR codes also solve the problem of telling people that there's something actually there to scan. I think most people are taking on this debate with the ghoulish yet all-to-possible assumption that Jobs is not going to be with us for much longer. Less queries isn't always better. Sometimes a couple small fast (easily optimized by the DB server) queries are faster than a join (which could block several tables at once instead of just one). It works in Firefox after continuing thru the "slow script" message a couple of times, but my WebKit browsers just crash or freeze. Every new technology generation seems to make claims of revolutionary battery life, and yet it seems we're still hovering around 3-4 hours of practical usage, same as the old Mac Portable from 1990. I'll believe it when I see it. And even if there are such savings, Apple will use them to make the battery smaller and the laptop thinner instead of actually increasing battery life. Android's Intents architecture is far more elegant than forcing every app developer to reimplement every API or specifically support every secret URL handler. Being able to make a client for, say, a new social network, and instantly having every app on your phone support it through the generic "Share" button they already have is a very powerful tool. If you interpret the graph as a pissing match, then it is unfair that they've split up Safari. However I do find the information on how many iOS users have iPods vs. iPhones interesting, so I'm glad they did it. Opera ought to be split up into Opera Mini and Opera Mobile, since they're different renderers on different types of devices. > 3. The debasement of the brand. I'm talking about the non-stop cutesy-pie logos. What if Coke did this? MTV quite successfully built their whole brand on this http://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/archives/mtv_inte... This really shows the difference in performance between integrated and discrete graphics - on my MacBook Pro's integrated graphics, I get 15-17 fps, on the discrete graphics I hit 35 > Turns out they are mostly just bumping the GPU which is useless to anyone with a discrete graphics card I've kept my MacBook Pro locked to the integrated graphics card ever since I bought it, and never really missed the discrete graphics. I've maybe turned it on once or twice to try out WebGL benchmarks. OTOH I definitely would miss the extra 10% battery life. All these statistics come from server use, where drives are constantly spinning and kept at a relatively constant temperature. I'm curious if there's a bigger difference in laptop computers, where the drives see a lot more physical abuse, power cycles, temperature variations, etc. We have the same thing in Sweden, in addition to direct debit and being able to pay for things (while shopping online) instantly via your online banking instead of using your credit card. It all uses industry standards so that any bank or merchant can hook into it. The banks here also back an online ID system which has the same legal status as a signature, meaning you can sign up for various banking/insurance etc things online. The same ID system is also used to file taxes online. Whenever I read about banking in the U.S., it strikes me how incredibly outdated it is. Outside of the U.S. I don't think I've ever seen a paper cheque. I'm tired of these theoretical bandwidth numbers getting further and further away from the real-world bandwidth numbers. On the original UMTS 3G labeled "384 kbit" we got 300 kbit, it was alright. With 7.2 Mbit HSDPA we get something closer to 2-3 Mbit. The same thing with WiFi - I've never ever seen anything anywhere close to the 300 Mbps theoretical rate of 802.11n WiFi. Cable numbers are diverging in a similar manner, and the DSL numbers currently quoted are only possible to achieve when you're 100 meters away from the DSLAM... "Apple engineers developed the A4 chip"[1], even if it's originally an ARM design I can see them being liable for it. [1] http://www.apple.com/iphone/design/#a4 Hah, I've long been considering writing a daily cron script that changes my Facebook birthday to the current date. This post may be what gets me off my lazy ass to do it Why would it mean that less people will sign up to Spotify? I'd think that being pushed in everyone's social feed and making a signup be one click away and no text fields to fill out, this will mean they'll gain a massive amount of new users. This doesn't surprise me at all. Storage is cheap, and it's a lot easier to never delete anything than to devise some system to go and clean up old "useless" information (which at some point you may find useful, e.g. this new Timeline history stuff). I know often in the stuff I write, instead of deleting data, I toggle a "deleted" column. I always have the option to delete it for real later if I need the storage/clean up the index. That's a pretty good sign that it's not really legal. This has been annoying me a lot too. I remember originally switching to Google mainly because it meant I didn't have to keep pressing + all the time. For the past couple of weeks I've been having flashbacks to 2001. Netbooks are also constrained by a usable keyboard size, and when you've made the machine that big, might as well put in the same size screen. It can be done. Up until 2005 Denmark's government-regulated debit card network called Dankort was completely free of fees. Eventually the banks lobbied the government to allow per-transaction fees to be charged for use of the card, but after only a few months of that practice there was so much protest among consumers that the per-transaction fee was converted into a fixed annual fee. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dankort If you're transferring the money into Paypal anyway (and exposing yourself to "the paypal risk"), why not just use Paypal Website Payments Pro? > They take the standard, off-the-shelf component prices Do you have a source for this or are you just making an assumption? The like updates are timed improperly and the number keeps going down and then up and then down. I got a lot of shit at work for a similar bug on a JS ticker, I'm glad I'm not the only one! * PlayerPro for music listening * Bankdroid for widgets to show my bank/credit balance * mNote for SimpleNote syncing * Aedict for japanese dictionary * Google Listen for podcasts, but I'm looking for something better * Raziko for japanese radio streaming * BatteryView to keep track of how fast I'm draining Awesome, Firefox can run a demo from 2009! I have to say, as a web developer who is permitted to make stuff that only works in Safari, I really really love WebKit. > Though the studies found that money brought home in 2004 ended up benefiting a narrow set of shareholders, support is growing in Congress for the tax holiday as companies expand their roster of lobbyists. It's really sad how U.S. government policy is now so openly for sale to the highest bidder. It'd be nice to change the vendor prefix definition from "this browser's rendition of this" to "this vendor's definition of this". I like hanging out in Japan and I can confirm this. Last year I spent 2 months right outside Tokyo (on the Keio-Inokashira line) and this year I'm here for 4 mo right smack dab in the middle of it. Since I'm only here on a tourist entry visa, I can't get "real" services so I'm paying 140,000 yen/mo in rent (for an admittedly pretty decent place, and no "key money" and they charge it right to my credit card) and $250/mo for an unlimited data SIM card rental (can't even get prepaid without a proper visa…), but aside from those inflated costs, everything here is the same or cheaper than in Sweden. Especially eating out. E.g. back home you can't get any prepared meal aside from sloppy tax-evasion kebab for less than 90 SEK (US$13) but here you can get away with it for at least half of that. Public transport is about the same price as at home, but it's really easy to underestimate how big Tokyo or even the whole country is. Thinking "oh I'll go to yokohama for that party" it's really easy to forget that at home that'd be the equivalent of taking the train to the next country over. I absolutely love it though, anyone even remotely considering coming here should definitely do it, even if just for a short while. It's an amazing place. Edit: oh yeah, I got an ear infection while here and had to go to an ear doctor without any insurance. For the first visit (which included a signup fee, a hearing test and a prescription), I paid $150, and the 2 followups each cost closer to $40 each. This sounds about right for what I'd pay at home if I wasn't european and got free healthcare (my reference for the cost of European care comes from my parents, they moved to Australia and lost european coverage so when my mom fractured her jaw when she was here for a visit she had to pay out of pocket). Issue date on Google Patents http://www.google.com/patents/about?id=KdHbAAAAEBAJ Chance? Behavior? I've had 3 close relatives die from cancer (Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandma - Lung, Lung, Brain). Adding 3 more people to a list like that isn't far fetched. In developed countries - Cancer is a huge killer, worldwide - it kills 13% of people. Windows? "I just upgraded my Windows!" "Oh nice, switched to three-pane? How much did you save in heating costs?" > How such a flawed laptop could pass quality control is past me Every manufacturer has a few lines of lemons. Apple for instance had a few generations of iBooks where the graphics chip would come loose (since it was placed unprotected under the wrist rest), everyone who I've ever known with a plastic MacBook (5+ people) had the front plastic crack, one generation of MacBook Pro 15" had an issue where the LCD would randomly turn on with every other row of LED lighting turned off (so it looked like stage lighting), and then of course the classic "mooing" MacBook. This is why anecdotal evidence is difficult to take to heart - it's always black and white. nettop in the command line does it (added in Lion), maybe you can scrape it out of there or find the source to it to see how it's done. First bing result for "三宅一生 ソニー ユニフォーム": http://www.sony.co.jp/SonyInfo/CorporateInfo/History/capsule... 1981年に採用が決まった最後のユニフォームはなんと三宅一生氏のデザインですよ。オシャレでしょ。 edit: looks like I was beaten quite handily, I need to remember to refresh old tabs before replying... I haven't read the original study, but might they not be mixing together cause and effect here? Instead of taking vitamins causing people to get sick, it might be people with riskier genetics/lifestyles are more likely to take vitamins to hedge against that? Reminds me of a news article that interpreted statistics to say "People who drink low fat milk are fatter! Clearly this means that low fat milk makes you fat!" instead of the obvious conclusion that people who are fat would drink low fat milk to try to get slimmer. Most of the page is cut off on Android (2.3.3) > which is one reason the Awesome bar will never make it into Chrome. What does the AwesomeBar do that Chrome's address bar doesn't? Heck the Chrome address bar even does autocomplete of search terms when you have it set to use Bing… The phonetic field is for Japanese names (at least, that's what Android phones do), where it's impossible to intelligently sort by the kanji name, so you have to enter a kana name as well. This article does consider that though: They insist that Finland cannot serve as a model because it lacks racial diversity; but they fall silent when one points out that Finland has the same demographics as Sweden, Switzerland, Denmark, and Norway, yet gets superior results. I am troubled by this “lacks diversity” argument, because it implies that African-American and Hispanic children cannot benefit by having highly experienced teachers, small classes, and a curriculum rich in the arts and activities. The graphics aren't really "updated", they're just the graphics from the original Mac version. Which kicked ass, as a Mac user back then I remember looking at the back of the box and laughing at the chunky DOS/Apple II screenshots. > Lets say you've got a 'fob' which is plugged into a USB port I still fail to see how this solves anything. Once you get malware on your computer, that malware can send requests to the USB device, and you're back at square one. One of the features of RSA security fobs is that only someone physically present can use it. What you've made is an RSA fob that's vulnerable to viruses. For this to work, you'd need a trusted connection between the fob and the server. So this reduces down to relying on a CA system, which first of all isn't open, and second we now know works very poorly. Heck and on the USB device you wouldn't even have a secure way to able to update the CA store to remove bad actors. Just tried the docomo NEC (N-02A) I had lying around. Down arrow > Left right to pick the first kana of their name > select name > Press dial button. Not that bad, but a far far cry from the european Sony Ericsson's smart phonebook. Right now I have a SH-12C as my main phone, and it's basically an Android phone with a kickass screen and all the crazy japanese features jammed in it (1seg, mobile suica, 3D camera+screen, privacy veil, etc). And it's great - Google software really makes those features finally worth it. There's even an Android widget to display your Suica balance. Too cluttered? If you can't find the camera icon on a screen with a clock and 6 icons (4 of which are in a row), how the heck are you going to find the camera icon in a grid of 12 icons that all have the exact same shape? I find iOS's homescreen extremely cluttered and VERY frustrating to use. Ouch, that site burns my eyes. I think the practice of building sites on painfully short schedules is more common than anyone thinks, but nobody wants to brag about it because it just shows you're not enough ahead of the curve. For instance, we spawned the idea for http://mostly365.com/ just 3 days before new years day. We got a design, promotion and all the code (including a twitter scanner, scraper for 15+ picture posting sites and basic CMS) done in time for the new year. I'm absolutely convinced we're not the only ones doing stuff like this. We just want to pretend we had this all ready months in advance. Did you watch the video? This is definitely a bug, seeing as it only happens when you have the shutdown panel open. When you don't have the shutdown panel open, it shows the password prompt as expected. There's no reason that smart cover unlocking and a password prompt can't co-exist. Aside from Blackberry and Nokia, weren't all smartphones before the iPhone touchscreen? Palm, Windows Mobile, Sony Ericsson UIQ... Blackberry was never popular where I live, so I mainly saw touchscreen smartphones and Nokias (and I really hesitate to call the nokia symbian phones "smartphones") Imagine if Steve Jobs had destroyed Windows back in the day because it was "a stolen product". Say what you want about Microsoft and Windows (I've been a die-hard Mac fan since birth), but they really drove the global personal computer revolution. If it wasn't for Microsoft competing with Apple, we would be so far behind where we are today. E.g. Steve Jobs resisted making a computer with a separate monitor so hard, that if he wasn't pushed out of the company, Apple would never have released the Mac II. Now imagine that in a world where Apple also had a monopoly on the GUI. Competition is good ! Copy things and improve upon them, that's how we move forward. And then he left. That is a risk, Twitter has the same risk, and when they switched over to OAuth-only there was a debate about this. Twitter's stance was that it's the developer's responsibility to obfuscate your app secret. People promptly pulled apart the official twitter iPad app and found they had done a terrible job of obfuscating it themselves... The problem is that despite this, the alternatives are all terrible. Once Google started ignoring random words a while back, I tried first DuckDuckGo, but their index is still quite small and my first query returned a single, unrelated result. Then I tried Bing and the results just aren't as good. I keep finding myself going back to google manually despite having Chrome set to use Bing by default... And Steve Jobs himself reportedly used to use the 2002 Sony Ericsson P800 http://www.gsmarena.com/sony_ericsson_p800-pictures-326.php > allows Sony to do something interesting with the mobile phone branch. That's the problem. When was the last time Sony did anything interesting? All their "interesting" attempts at integration with the PS3 have been met with a huge yawn by consumers. How many PC users are still using XP, a 10 year old OS? If the version of the OS you have still works, it still works. The real issue here is security updates. Google need a way to update core OS component that aren't affected by the manufacturer's UI skinning. Bear in mind, when Sony say stuff like "to keep up with competitors", they don't mean proper marketing or sales channels like Samsung or HTC, they mean stupid stuff like the domestic competitor Sharp who have integration between their android phones and their TVs which looks nice on paper, but will influence absolutely noone to buy their phone. My main complaint about Google Maps is how it always assumes I'm in America. I live in Tokyo. My default location is Tokyo. I search for "Ginza". I get a sushi restaurant in Alabama. It would be nice if instead of creating another proprietary protocol, they'd just use something that's already in place http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wideband_audio > Imagine if Yahoo hadn't flubbed the acquisition of Google? We'd all be worse off. It goes both ways. Imagine if Google hadn't bought Android? We'd all be worse off. Sounds a lot like my Digital Circuits course in university. We started with a breadboard of transistors, and after we built each component we got that component as an IC to build the next level of abstraction (flip-flop → memory → adder → processor → etc) . At the end we ended up with a fully programmable computer that we were tasked to program as a sensor-driven traffic light controller. Seeing every step from the ground-up really helps demystify the machines you see around yourself every day. Reading this old story again it's interesting to recontextualize it into 2011. Would this have still happened they same way today, when tools are cheap (or free!) and online distribution gives everyone a large enough audience? (Obviously the PPC being a prototype and not available commercially throws a wrench in my hypothesis but bear with me) Source? edit: did some googling and it's from the biography. This is what I hate about tumblr. It's all completely random stuff with no context, no sourcing and no discussion, just those pointless reblog "notes" edit2: of course, biography not autobiography, dunno what I was thinking I wonder what the rationale is behind letting the same link be resubmitted (especially after it's been frontpaged once) Yep, Washington is dealing with lots of bigger problems http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20128587-503544/house... I'd bet that now that iOS has notifications, it'll show up in a future version of OS X Flash isn't dead yet since HTML5 hasn't really arrived. On mobile platforms where Flash is supported, it still outperforms HTML5. And the HTML5 toolset is still completely non-existant. We finally killed Flash and now we get this. I believe Apple have been designing their own trackpads for a couple of years now (IIRC it started with the clickwheel iPods) The person who wrote the article this link goes to doesn't seem to understand what Google's Wifi AP database is for. He seems to think it's going to be some searchable database instead of just used for device positioning. It would have been better to just post the link to the Google blog post instead of this misinformed blog. I'm pretty sure they still do (last time I used one was on a white plastic MacBook). I think it's that white piece of plastic in the bottom of his picture of the opened drive http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-ZXGivS3ZQHk/TsPQFirsZBI/AAAAAAAAA-... PBS is a bad example since they're now selling advertising in everything but name. Their "sponsor messages" mention a specific product and a slogan, and they also sell messages targeted to specific shows (such as you'll find news/documentaries on high speed rail sponsored by Siemens). PBS have even started producing 30 second ads they run[1] 1 http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/161440/pbs-pro... Copenhagen is pretty much the same - I think the past few times I've flown out of CPH, everyone I've spoken to in a service position at the airport (check-in, bar, restaurant, gate) were actually Swedish. Example: approx 15% of Swedish broadband users have replaced their fixed line internet with 3G/4G. (source: http://www.pts.se/sv/Nyheter/Pressmeddelanden/2011/Nara-var-... ) The system also works well at Apple Authorized shops - I've had my stuff bought abroad repaired at a Swedish retail store that's not owned by Apple but has the "Authorized" sticker, and all that history showed up perfectly on my Support Profile ( https://supportprofile.apple.com/MySupportProfile.do ) Anyway wasn't the point of the parent that Apple stores work because they're run by Apple and sell Apple products. Your point that stores not run by Apple don't work as well just reinforces what he says. There's no use building a content indexer if there's no content to index. > I want to live in your utopian world, where people get educations just because. You're welcome, we call it Sweden. Higher education is free (before this year it was even free for non-swedes), and you get a stipend to pay for food/rent as long as you keep passing courses. I know someone who's about to get a physics degree and is going to go into bartending afterwards since it seems more fun. I also know people who get education after education (stuff like psychology, history) while they figure out what they want to do. > Does everyone get this free education, or just some people? Yeah, there's room for everyone. Class sizes are limited so acceptance into programs is merit-based (high school grades or a special test), but worst case you just have to settle for a less prestigious school. There is actually a time limit to the stipend (IIRC 300 weeks of study) to avoid abuse, but it's also dependent on you actually passing courses. What you do is your choice. Not everyone measures wealth in dollars http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satisfaction_with_Life_Index No, it's an index based on asking people how they feel. From one of the sources of the wikipedia article: "Participants in the various studies were asked questions related to happiness and satisfaction with life". The health/wealth/education correlations aren't actually part of the index, they're just comparisons made afterwards to help understand what improves happiness. I only picked that specific one since it was the first google result for my search terms. > There are plenty of bugs all the time (dropped calls, misdialed numbers, etc). Precisely. Erlang was created to run digital phone switches, and so was designed exactly for the scenario of "it's fine if certain calls crash, they can always be redialed, but the system itself always has to be available". Actually, it was mostly bullcrap and clever editing. Somehow people keep forgetting The Daily Show is a fake news show, and are seeing this as one of those fox local news exposés. http://zenentrepreneur.blogspot.com/2011/12/top-10-things-da... Defrosting with the cursor didn't work for me in Firefox either, and Firefox used about 2x the CPU that Chrome did. I see the kickstartr model as something very similar to this, and it has worked well for people without any Hollywood backing or outside advertising. James Rolfe (the angry video game nerd) has raised over $180,000 for his movie http://www.indiegogo.com/Angry-Video-Game-Nerd-The-Movie Jason Scott raised over $100,000 http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/textfiles/the-jason-scot... Even though these projects will probably only break even, these are no small sums of money that people who have never been on broadcast TV are raising. Lots of phones did this before (for instance Sony Ericsson's dumbphone line would multitask J2ME apps, even during calls). What makes this patent valid is they took what existed before, stuck a "BUT THIS TIME ON TOUCHSCREEN PHONES" at the end, and boom we have a new patent. I don't understand how patents like these this count as novel and valid. edit: thinking more about this (but without checking the original patent) this must cover the "call in progress" bar at the top of the screen. I guess that could be seen as a valid innovation, even though IMHO it's a bit too trivial. If you put funds in your Namecheap account in advance, you can auto-renew just fine. And when you add funds, you can use Amex via Google Checkout or Paypal. The 3GS is still being manufactured and sold as new though. iOS can use USB over the dock port, but is subject to strict approval and licensing from Apple which is why there are very few dock port accessories. Meanwhile since Android devices just use microUSB, there's no licensing involved. Google has their own WebGL demo which isn't anything like this http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3106658 Have you reported it to Apple? Isn't he wrong though? What first offended me so much about the original iPhone was just how restricted it was at the behest of AT&T. I can take my Android phone on any carrier and use tethering. I take my iPhone, and it randomly disables tethering depending on the carrier. Apple have also disabled downloads of apps and podcasts over 20 MB on the behest of a single carrier with a poor network (AT&T), applying the restriction to all phones, worldwide. My carrier doesn't care if I happen to download a 100 MB file, why would Apple ever want to restrict that? Google only lets carriers screw with the phones the carriers themselves sell . Which IMHO is the prerogative of the carrier. If people don't want crapware, they don't buy phones from your carrier! Apple lets carriers screw with the feature set of all iPhones, regardless of where you bought it. Yeah, you have to use Wifi to download apps over 20 MB. The podcast restriction only applies to the iTunes app, you can use third-party apps to download larger ones (except in the early days of the App Store, when third party podcast apps were forbidden) Actually IIRC the whole iTunes music store is also disabled when you're on 3G and not Wifi. (edit: double-checked, yeah it's disabled for me http://db.tt/YT0w0rNQ ) I guess that's another thing Apple randomly disable or enable depending on the carrier http://db.tt/YT0w0rNQ I still wish phone manufacturers would take this "world's slimmest technology", and then build a phone that's a regular thickness only with 3x the battery life. You example is "far-fetched"? I hope you're being sarcastic :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Live_Streaming "Google's network" could also just mean an App Engine user. I had to look up "useful Arts" in wikipedia, because Lady Gaga doesn't sounds like what the founders would have considered "useful" to me. In the clause, the phrase "useful Arts" is meant to reference inventions, while "Science" is meant to reference human knowledge, including that which is encompassed in literature and the "fine arts". It's interesting that we've interpreted "Science" to mean all of these things. If you were to take the constitution more literally, it would seem that a lot of things that are covered by copyright today oughtn't be, and that copyright would require a system similar to what patent law has today. The Android alarm actually has an option in settings to choose if you want the alarm to override silent or not. More importantly, this finally means that Google+'s Big Push into Japan - their collaboration with J-pop megagroup AKB48 - can be completed, as before most of the members were too young for their own accounts (man, giving over 100 girls Nexus Ss can't be that cheap...) https://plus.google.com/117147321771860727748