I've been waiting for years for somebody to do something like this with emoji. All we'd need is a way to add radicals and a central dictionary. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_nonsense I can see this being useful for police sketch artists. This is called linguistic determinism, or the strong Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, and is not widely accepted. You have to be careful. My cousin and his friends were being rather rude (in Irish) about a woman on a Belgian train, she managed to keep a straight face throughout, before lambasting them before leaving. Ach, ar aon nós, táim an-shásta bheith ag léamh faoi Ghaeilge ar hn. N'fheadar liom cé mhéad atá anseo a bhfuil in ann sí a labhairt. The Irish Republic only existed from 1919 to 1922 :/ And Malta is another EU state with English as an official language. I've watched a couple of programmes on BBC Alba, and understood a good bit. It was somewhat like hearing Dutch as a German speaker, except maybe easier. There has been talk of an "Idir-Ghaeilge" reunified language. The Irish online magazine Nós had a nice article on this recently http://nos.ie/gniomhaiochas/teanga/idir-ghaeilge/ (in Irish). Could become a reality in the unlikely but beautiful event of a post-Brexit Scotland uniting with Ireland in the "Celtic Union". As a quick aside, Google EU is based in Ireland, and under Ireland's data protection legislation you _are_ entitled to data the Google stores (including whatever tracking they're doing that you don't normally have access to). > Under Section 4 of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003, > you have a right to obtain a copy, clearly explained, of any > information relating to you kept on computer or in a structured > manual filing system or intended for such a system by any entity or organisation When will DeepMind be good enough to detect YouTube perverts? I must have missed that war. Absolutely not. You could (if it's true, at a glance it's not terribly convincing) use this as a probe of curved-space QED (a very difficult field) or as a method to measure of the spin of black holes (currently done by different dark magic which isn't very reliable). The point of school (American school, at least) isnt to learn, its to get a good grade. When the goal is a number, than 'cheating' is simply trying to achieve the goal. Aka Goodhart's Law[0]. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodhart's_law I took a "Computer Algebra" class in undergrad which was taught entirely in Mathematica. It was a lot of work to convert everything (and the instructor would jokingly refer to me as "sage guy") but I got an awful lot out of using Sage instead. What keeps me from using sage nowadays is that I have a great jupyter workflow, and last time I used Sage it was just a worse version of that with better symbolic support. This may not be quite the case, see https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thoburn_v_Sunderland_City_Co... . Could you explain for the benefit of non-americans how Hispanics aren't white? And yet so many people learn int* p; // p is an int pointer instead of int *p; // dereferencing p will give an int I know this is the subject of holy wars, but once I'd seen the second one my eyes were opened and I had way less trouble. I think that declaration follows use is another of example of the amazing design powers of the patriarchs. There's a GNU extension for it. https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Nested-Functions.html But it's not a proper closure, and it's not GC'd, so it's pretty useless. Thanks for caring about gendered language. I used this term because it's used (humorously) in the Unix Koans[0]. But maybe you're reading to far into it, I certainly don't mean to imply their gender had anything to do with C's design, but for better or worse they did happen to be men and were seen by by some as a "father figure" for the language. [0] http://catb.org/esr/writings/unix-koans/zealot.html For windows ten I'm using a combination of babun/WSL and cmder. But I agree that there is no good terminal emulator. It's not terribly surprising though. When those aren't enough I have a "seamless" ubuntu VM running. Combining the mendeley plugin with the automatic .bib generator and LyX means I can cite stuff pretty much as quickly as looking at the page. "10.000" What number is this? Is it ten? Ten thousand? I don't think decimal (thousand) separators are necessary when you can write the number without, use scientific notation or the number in words. But there is an English-speaking standard (comma) and an international standard (thin space). Considering that there are at least five better options I think this usage is perverse. And I was arguing that it is a bad idea to do that in an international forum. If I hadn't seen this comment I would have posted something similar. I can't see why it should be downvoted. "As we say in the Netflix Culture Deck, responsible people thrive on freedom, and are worthy of freedom." But you arbitrarily can't watch stuff in Incognito Mode? Have you tried using cacaview on images? When I'm running scientific code on remote machines I use jupyter tunneled over ssh, but I assume you can't do that. I think the issue is that like any other outfit that holds bitcoin they may just "lose" them and vanish. I think this guy is just wrong, except maybe in saying that `log` is ambiguous and we should be using `log10` and `ln`. Incidentally he uses comma as both a thousand separator and a decimal point in the article. I mean in your assertion that `log` must mean `log10`. I have huge sympathy for contending with inconsistent use of ambiguous notation. My pet hate is `gamma` vs. `tgamma`. Well my anecdatum, as a theoretical physicist, is that people very rarely write `log` or use logarithms is bases other than e. I wish everyone were this level headed and reasonable. Unfortunately jumping to conclusions, especially those that align with your favourite "narrative" seems to be the funnest new way to make your mind up. It could be[0]. It's just not very likely, since you'd have to have very special circumstances, but it's not logically impossible, at least in cosmology. [0] http://abyss.uoregon.edu/~js/cosmo/lectures/lec17.html > The mind is not a physical thing I was with you until here. I'd say you were getting religious if you tried to represent the mind as anything other than an emergent physical phenomenon. > Nobody - absolutely nobody - has the right tell him differently. > People are ignorant and frankly downright... disgusting/pathetic/opinionated Those are some very strong claims. You can be sympathetic without being hyperbolic, or assuming that the reason that other don't share your views is that they're bad people who don't share your perfect reasoning. but are you _my_ lawyer? Disappointing to see Facebook, a company with a huge Irish presence, neglect Irish in the list. There are plenty of minority languages in there, like Breton and Scots. And languages not spoken natively anywhere like Latin, Esperanto, Volapük. Google Translate (with a similar number of languages)supports it fine. Presumably fine. Why would you let infidels into a holy place? While persecuting people for circumstances of their birth is IMHO a moral wrong, adults are free to choose their religion (in "secular" countries like the US at least). The entails a set of beliefs, privileges and responsibilities. Whether or not it's fair, border security in a lot of places is anti-Muslim. It's part of the belief system of border agents and (some) voters. Islam and not-Islam are at odds here, just as they are in Mecca. I especially feel sorry for non-religious "Arab-looking" people who get caught up in this. I suspected it was something like this. Unfortunately the Vicipéid is not of very high quality. I just just hope Facebook doesn't forget which side its bread is buttered on. Because the civets are usually kept in terrible conditions just to make novelty coffee? "There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things, and off-by-one errors." To play devil's advocate, it may be useful to know when the card expires for a merchant who mightn't charge immediately. And maybe it's significant that the cvv is on the back so you couldn't just use a photo. And mixing letters and numbers is scary. But I agree. Maybe the solution is just having lots of entropy and reading it electronically, who really needs to read out card numbers over the phone? I assume you've come across Debug.Trace. That let's you do "printf-style" debugging in Haskell without much fuss. trace ("calling f with x = " ++ show x) (f x) I agree with your sentiment but not your language. Nobody pays "more than they're willing to" in economic terms. They have the choice to not pay rent and be homeless, and the price they pay in rent reflects their desire not to do that. But I'll agree that most people pay more than they'd like, more than is sensible and more than is fair. It's an economic model. If you're starving you'll choose to spend all your money on food and none of it on rent. And you'll choose to buy the cheapest food. Incidentally I don't believe it helps for you to get offended on behalf of the starving. One could say the same about your post. I think if Google can pass for a non-native speaker that's pretty good. Yes. You can use cell magic to change the language for each cell and you can display HTML/latex output inline or just mix computations in with markdown. The only problem is that the editor is just a text box with annoying bracket matching instead of Emacs. That's a strange thing to say. In my experience having friends in Ireland is just like having friends in any other country. The jupyter team are aware of, but not currently fixing, this issue. I use the excellently simple nbstripout as git hook and it silently removes everything but code. What about GHC? > fall outside of the bell curve You know that Gaussian distributions specifically include outliers. Why say "over 280" when you could just say 288? I find it hard to tell the difference between between "just expressions" and things that are just accidentally inaccurate. I hope you'll forgive me saying it sounds like you're having a rough day, and that maybe taking a break might do you some good. Venting on Hacker News might feel better in the short term but I don't think it's good for you or for the discussion. Self-determination and post-colonialism only seem to apply away from home. Madrid has a big influence on this because of Catalonia and Basque country, but there are tons of non-self-governing territories[0] which are swept under the rug, or clung to with claws of "economic uncertainty". It's funny that Scotland lost its (semi-)independence by trying their own hand at colonialism[1]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_list_of_Non-Sel... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darien_scheme > Oddly - European nations that don't use the Euro are generally much better off So is it that countries that took the euro were hurt by it, or that countries with already strong currencies chose not to take the euro? This post seems to have become a victim of "disagreement downvoting". Whether or not it's correct I think it's a well made point, I wish the moderation system worked more for contribution than consensus. Incidentally, the SI unit of fuel efficiency is 1/m^2, the "per-square-metre", not this miles per gallon crap. Unless Facebook has some sentiment analysis tech that's far better than academia's (which isn't that unlikely), "understanding the emotions" of statuses is still a long way off. Maybe my tongue-in-cheekness wasn't clear, sorry. MPG is more pervasive than you might think. Even in metric, European Ireland it's the typical unit, despite speeds being in km/h and fuel being sold by the litre. Since you seem to be interested, let me also add that litres are only accepted by, not part of, the SI. Also the SI spellings are "metre" and "litre". I tend to think that interpretation has a better claim on the basis of its being grassy and wanting wear. That is to say I think there's a nice irony in the fact that I often hear people espouse that (clearly correct) opinion with the implication it is a better interpretation but has fewer subscribers. Just to provide a counterpoint to the two other comments which are disparaging of the parent, I thought this was a great contribution, even if it was written less like a HN comment and more like a philosophy essay. Gnuplot is something i categorise with Fortran and hand writing latex as "I use use it because my advisor used it, and he used it because his advisor used it...". I understand that they were once the best tool for the job and they still work, but better alternatives have emerged since, e.g. matplotlib, C++/numpy and LyX respectively. I know this is a subjective matter but i feel it's a shame that a lot of scientist don't shop around and hence end up stuck with the "classical" option. I have used Fortran in a few instances where I was compelled to. I never gave it much of a chance because I didn't like using it, and what's more it isn't nearly as popular as C/Python/Matlab etc. for modern stuff. If popularity (and hence code sharing) wasn't important I'd be using languages I like, like Haskell and Scheme. All the same your comment makes me think I may have dismissed it too quickly so I'm going to give it another try for my next toy project (even if they index arrays from 1). Thank you. So you shopped around and stuck with the thing you like. That's great and nobody could argue with it. In my own department grad students and even wizened old professors are moving away from gnuplot and matlab to matplotlib, but I bet that having "experts" around is a more important factor than anything else. Unless you're implying that Ayn Rand is God (I wouldn't be surprised on HN) I read the upper example as using parenthetical commas, with the result that they parse to the same ambiguity. I quoted it because, for example, within a small group, I would be the go-to person for "I need software that does X" or "I hate Y, what can I use instead?". I'm by no means an expert in, say, matplotlib, but I have local influence by means of my relative, perceived expertise. You make a great point. The only thing that I'd add is that a lot of the Fortran code that I'd rely on (large venerable linear algebra and ODE packages) were written a long time ago, when it would have been somewhat less unfashionable. I had a similar objection reading the article. If you take a look at [0] they go into a bit more detail. Briefly, you can distribute your decrypt function over the additions and multiplications by homomorphism and then bound the error, then you can judiciously choose your weighting to compensate. [0] https://courses.csail.mit.edu/6.857/2015/files/yu-lai-payor.... I feel like Linus (and others) have earned the right to be assholes on the mailing lists. He's demonstrated good judgement and made huge contributions, if he doesn't feel the need to be nice i don't think he should have to. So by analogy with btrfs "butterface" I suppose we're supposed to pronounce this "book-a-chefs"? Has anyone ever looked at making a more "mainstream" fork? It feels like there's a lot of cool technology in TempleOS, in amongst the less cool stuff. Last commit was half an hour ago. Apart from the notice it seems to be relatively active. They've added networking, a package manager and a unix-like shell. That's really cool. You could put it in a container and use it as an emacs alternative. He seems to stream himself a lot recently (he's even on now - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEwmiplwGLI ). He just browses the internet and he sent some viewers money. It's pretty surreal. I agree with your content, but not your tone. I'd like to add that one often hears "round brackets" as an unambiguous terms for the first category. And where's love for angle brackets ? This is a discussion website. Being vindictive isn't helpful, but niether is criticism inherently bad. An awful lot of the good content here is experts being critical of new ideas. I wonder if it would be ok for the IRS to charge for this service. Maybe then it would be justifiable to the Republicans who oppose on the basis that it would make raising takes easier. This is an excellent read, even if you're familiar with most of the material. I remember doing this with pen and paper ages ago when I read the book. Somehow it clicked with me a lot better than my Abstract Algebra lectures. Then why not compress really efficiently by just transmitting packet sizes? Do you think that inventors will ransom their genius? And if they can't get super rich then they'll just sit on their hands? The root of an awful lot of the problems charities try to address is that people are poor. They aren't poor because of Elon Musk, but there's a good argument to be made that if it weren't for capitalism (now, not historically) we could have developed nations where there were no poor. For anyone wondering what Idris is, it's pretty much Haskell with dependent types. That is, it's easy to encode thing like "vector of length n" in the type system, so you can go from concat :: Vec -> Vec -> Vec to concat : Vec n -> Vec m -> Vec (n+m). So many early-career researchers (myself included) bemoan this system and it pushes many of the away from academia and towards fields where you aren't constantly playing tricks (fake co-authorship, salami publishing, over-hyping conclusions) to get ahead in a game where everyone's striving for a tiny number of badly paid jobs. Immigrants in the UK (right to remain, not just permanent resident) can travel freely in the EU (and CTA without even a passport). They do mention this in the book, but it does take artistic license with some of the history. Use nbstripout[0] as a git filter. Then you have seamless git control of notebooks. There's talk of automatically saving code only separate versions in future releases. [0] https://github.com/kynan/nbstripout I gave the game a try and it's pretty fun seeing the details of how the figure out what to do. If the orc models were less ugly and the controls were better and it didn't crash so much I'd even pay money for it. Thanks. Off-by-one errors? That's not what's in the article. The object falling into the black hole might emit a lot of light, but black holes can't emit from within, and Hawking radiation is very weak. Who keeps changing the titles on HN threads? This is about the Dzhanibekov Effect (as the title used to say), not space stations! But I am a physicist, who works in this field. I know people in the article personally. You can't become an expert by watching documentaries, even though they thrive on making people feel like that. It's my personal opinion that popular science articles on new research (like this one), are ultimately unhelpful and are just an excuse for us to get funding. All that said it's great to see people interested in high-energy astro. If you wanted to know more I'd recommend Longair[0], even though it would be tough going for a non-scientist. [0] https://www.amazon.com/High-Energy-Astrophysics-Malcolm-Long... Stars are bright, we can see black holes that stars fall into because they interact with the star. Black holes all by themselves (almost) do not emit light and we observe them by seeing how they interact with light from further away objects. Jets are more complicated and have some open questions, but the conclusion is unchanged, if you really care then read the book. But if you want to think you know better then you can do that too. There's no royal road. I think you know that rugby is played and known worldwide (even in the US), and that football refers to the fact that the players are on foot and in fact rugby, soccer and American football all share a common ancestor. Astronomers are, for the most part, terrible programmers. This is true of the general population too, but unfortunately almost every astronomer has to actually write programs. Python and co. are probably more of a help than a hindrance as it replaces things like old-school Fortran, IDL, gnuplot and Matlab. Clever groups are starting to wise up to this and have dedicated programmers supporting astronomers, rather than assuming that the computer is just a glorified calculator that everyone needs to be able to use. For the record I am a numerical astrophysicist and I read and write plenty of bad code every day. I think if anything's going to save us from a generalised AI takeover it's this. Even if encrypting the world doesn't stop them it'll make computation too slow for world domination. so maybe a rich woman? I'm glad at least one person got it. "the wallet's balance must be charged in the desired currency" I wonder if this was written by someone from Central Europe. This use of the word charge is no good in English because it's a heteronym - it can mean to add money or take it! This is an excerpt from a book. And it's not that the author dislikes having to use Facebook, but rather it's complex and nefarious interaction with society and the behaviours of its many willing users that is being decried. I'm all for grumbling, but I think a more specific directed kind of grumbling is appropriate for these comments. I don't think that's strictly true. For example many mobile ISPs here meter data differently depending on whether it's from their fav websites (Facebook, Snapchat, Netflix etc.) or from the lame weird web where nerds go. Unless you split the value so that BTC = BTCa + BTCb, there will be a change in the amount of "money" that exists, without any change in the amount of "value". When Bitcoin Cash came along the price of one of that plus a Bitcoin Vanilla was more than the price of a pre-split BTC, so everyone "made money". "quotes" indicate that you may argue that this isn't real. My thinkpad battery holds 5e23 eV of energy. I think you (and many valiant others) are fighting a losing battle here. God forbid HN should allow a quote style, that'd be so bloaty. Maybe that sort of contrition works in relationship arguments or parole hearings, but I hardly find it appropriate here. "At around 07:00 BST on Friday morning, our transaction database began to malfunction. Naturally, we followed procedure and switched to a backup server. Unfortunately, the backup server began to drastically slow down and was struggling to process live transactions." That is very vague and sounds like a euphemism for "we don't know who changed the config file but it broke production and so we had somebody spin up a new instance on their laptop". I any case I was in a foreign country when my card (and those of my travelling companions) stopped working without warning or explanation. I don't want him to be sorry, I want a rationale for why I shouldn't switch to an equivalent competitor like Monzo (on the assumption they have better reliability). A mutual friend? Of you and who else? For those wondering like me, SWO is surface warfare officer (someone who manages shipboard systems) and IGRC is the Iranian navy. Maybe a whole book is overkill. When I'm checking out a new language I like to see a couple of short, accessible examples to get a feel for the language. Like this clock[0]: Time now asValueHolder in: [ :clock | [ [ 1 second asDelay wait. clock value: Time now ] repeat ] fork. clock inspect ] [0] https://medium.com/concerning-pharo/elegant-pharo-code-bb590... > It may not be legally wrong, but it sure is morally wrong. Ah now. Governments don't just use taxes to raise revenue, but also for incentives. If they tax moving cash abroad to help with the balance of payments and you restructure your company to avoid doing this then everyone is happy. It doesn't excuse manipulating the government to make favourable tax laws however. Not that they're universally defined, but I think the Tories would be left-of-centre in the US context even though they're considered right-wrong in the UK. So you don't know any quantum, but you know the right way to learn it? There is no royal road to physics, there is no way to learn quantum without mathematics, it is a mathematical model of reality. I appreciate that you don't want to learn Linear Algebra and Hilbert Space calculus when you could be learning quantum, but the two are inseparable. Unless you want to ready about spooky action and crazy dead cats and feel like you understand. As someone else mentioned Road to Reality doesn't have a lot of symbols and equations, but it's a really tough book and you'd be better of with an undergrad QM textbook like Griffiths, Mandl or Dirac. What are you implying? That the fact that Buddhism exists means mindfulness is an effective way of dealing with stress and pain? You could say the same of alcohol or Christianity or depression. Haskell has this with `Maybe`, although you could write the Bool instance yourself pretty easily if you liked. Forgive me if I'm missing something subtle, but aren't the first two examples Useless Use Of Cat? Bear in mind that Israel is still a member and hasn't announced any intention to leave. Cantor showed that these sets have the same cardinality. You can represent a complex (in the form of two reals) by interleaving digits or using a space-filling curve for example. I'm claiming a "pairing function" between single reals and pairs of reals. They have respective cardinalities 2^N0 and 2*2^N0=2^N0 where N0 Do you mean An Bord Báistí? This is a fantastic idea. Graduate students have to compete for so little funding (or even just unfunded slots) that the wage and conditions are at a bare minimum. Just a shot at those sweet professor jobs (whether or not they exist) or just adding to the world's knowledge send to be so desirable that people will work ridiculous hours with no benefits for pitiful pay. But why should the grads compete with each other? What's next should be academia uniting to distribute funding internally, rather than stock with the farcical lotteries that are grant proposals. Knowing what projects "deserve" funding before they're funded is a harder problem than any funding body would like to admit. I'm not proposing all available money is divided up equally, in saying that the application should be done in an efficient way by a union of academics. What's your point? By the way, there are some very old forests still in Europe, I don't know if it makes them any better than ones that are only a hundred years old. Some of the greatest sportspeople of our generation are not golfers. double foo; compute(foo); That's not even a crash, just silent garbage. I don't know how you expect to do better with an uninitialised variable (except ints that default to 0). foo dereferences to an int, but what could you hope to happen if you never gave it some memory to point to? Then again, if someone came up with a new One True Notation, I can imagine someone producing a translator (like Google's augmented reality one) that takes pictures of historical scores and gives them back in the new style. Leaving the text the way it is? Starting with your "Passions" felt really offputting and weird. I don't think that that list is stuff you are genuinely "passionate" about. That said I, I don't hire people, maybe it's effective. > A puppet state is a metaphor of a state that is supposedly independent but is in fact dependent upon an outside power. It is nominally sovereign but effectively controlled by a foreign or otherwise alien power, for reasons such as financial interests. Please tell us which European countries are US puppets. That's about as reasonable as saying the US is a Canadian puppet because of their troops stationed at NORAD. Do you really consider Poland a puppet because of the 112 US troops there [0]? I hope this is a troll. [0] https://www.dmdc.osd.mil/appj/dwp/rest/download?fileName=DMD... You make an excellent, if cynical, point. pecunia non olet Have you got any products to trick people into liking your product? Your comments in this thread seem to be having the opposite effect. You seem to be overly fond of data structures! ("Cue", rather than "queue") https://www.blakemorgan.co.uk/news-events/news/brief-guide-t... But Facebook operates in Europe with photos of EU citizens. So regardless of where the photographer is from, the photographee should be able to assert that right. Maybe it's your phone? Apart from being libelous to deny that a student had received an education, they should still be able to demonstrate knowledge, provide a graduation photo etc. Cult of freedom? You mean libertarianism? Schweinefleisch Would they have reacted similarly if she brought a big teddy bear? Or an alarm clock that didn't go off? Is map-reduce really less simple than a for-loop? I agree with your other examples, but I see these too things as totally equivalent (unless you're in a language that make a dog's dinner of this type of thing, like old C++). Can anyone sell me on why I should use clojure over say, any of the other nice Lisp-1s, given that I don't care about java. Some people probably like it. They've had a good experience with it, that they'd like to pass along. I feel this way about several thing and will happily evangelise to someone who seems willing. I was inviting others to do that . Several of them have responded as I expected and provided lots of interesting information. Since I achieved my aim and stimulated some useful and on-topic discussion, yes, this is what I want my interactions on this site to be. Thanks for asking. Not when I can avoid it ;) My real work is HPC, but I'm looking at this from a hobby perspective. > Your browser does not support webMIDI. Install Chrome. I think maybe my life will be better if I keep using firefox and don't use whatever this is. Not GP, but I initially though Q# was some sort of CLI (another great name there) version of Q, in the same sense that C# (like C++) signifies some sort of augmented version of C. But the problem is that pandering is silly and not effective (whether or not it's offensive to anyone is neither here nor there). People didn't like this comment, but I think it's fair enough, at least from a capitalist perspective. The company is doing what it's supposed to do and the system is working as it should. (This is one of the reasons why I oppose capitalism) > People are being told to be weary when using their browsers Freudian typo. In Helsinki Uber drivers ask you to sit in the front because they don't want to get stopped for operating an illegal taxi. I hope you aren't implying that the Democratic party is any different. I love protecting my life by shooting people. I don't think any society that didn't allow that could be considered free. Modeling of fish population dynamics is way more complicated than this. Increasing food availability can decrease population, for example. But i assume you're ok with upcasting an int to a double. That is, unless you make the Haskell Prelude. There is a real and useful sense in which booleans are a subtype of integers and i think its not unreasonable to automatically cast between them. Can't say if it's a good idea or not though. I'd love to hear of a case where anyone has actually computed a Goedel number. We very often do arithmetic on booleans, the a canonical homomorphism (Iverson bracket) with 1 ~ True and 0 ~ False where && and || are multiplication and addition. But I guess you knew that. It's almost as is if things just tend towards crappiness as "fitness" outcompetes "goodness" [0]. [0] http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/07/30/meditations-on-moloch/ Classical searches are O(N). Grover's (quantum) algorithm can perform such searches in O(N^(1/2)) and is optimal, so what you're talking about can't be faster than that (without nonlocal variables or some nonsense like that). The irony being that worse medicine should lead to more funerals, and hence better medicine. "Verbing weirds language." But what about Fukushima!? It was a nuclear disaster where nobody died from radiation and an old reactor coped well with bad luck and a natural disaster. Surely that justifies relying on coal and building some token windmills. In case anyone feels like listening to this masterpiece: https://soundcloud.com/mikekraze/bach-switched-on-full-album Is everything you think you know about headlines wrong? Is depression caused primarily by clickbait? I wonder if there should be a court that decides what is ethical and what isn't (according to the prevailing view of the society) as opposed to the current system where all you can do is try to right wrongs or punish actual harms to society. What about "crash"? I was going to comment that I think the question referred to what course of action /Apple/ should take, but maybe fundamentally changing superstates is not off the table when you have multinational megacorp resources. > failed NSA launch I didn't hear about that one In Ireland people would traditionally have had breakfast, then dinner, then tea as the three meals. Now that only happens in the country or on Sundays. I think this is overly snippy. GP just seemed to imply that the words cone from India, not that India has a single language. Also as far as i can tell "cha" is far more common than "char" in the British Isles. I think all three of you raise good points and am delighted to see such a thoughtful and civil conversation on hn. There's a kind of "irresponsible" utilitarianism that says that we should try to minimise suffering, regardless of the cause. In such a framework i think it's fair to point out that there lion's share of lobster suffering occurs elsewhere. Maybe it's because i don't have a "full range of emotion" but I don't believe there are any absolute moral truths, let alone obvious ones. I think it's very dangerous to assume others don't put the save care and effort into living their lives as well as they can, and if they have come up with a different way of doing that (popular or otherwise) that's it's because they're defective or stupid. I don't necessarily agree with the point your arguing against, but it's not wrong on its face. Amazon has a huge base in Ireland, but there's no amazon.ie Just because plebs can't understand triples doesnt mean they should have the right to seem (and potentially show them to someone who does). It might even get people to learn or write software to make sense of whatever data structure. In any case it shouldn't be up to the data borrower. This strongly depends on what field you are in and can vary even between minor sub-disciplines. Also that statement is frequently meaningless and authors get added for politics target than contribution. If you owned more than half of all Bitcoin mining capacity, it would seem counterproductive to destroy it. The conclusion about the UV diffuser isn't quite right. It clearly preferentially attenuates around 365nm for example. Good article and solid conclusion though. I find doing that to my laptop makes typing more difficult. I understood the purpose to be identifying "immersive" (emacs-like) programs that sick you in and trigger a mental context-switch, versus vim-like transient tools that you pick up and put down as you need them, all without leaving the mental "place" you're in. He then argues that this effect is significant and wonders how we can get less immersive software. And which Person would be Identified by such a Number? Are you trying to get at the fact that while this is supposed to be empowering to women, it necessarily implies that there are material differences between men and women in how they interact socially? Following this line do we conclude that it is morally inconsistent (with modern "totally equal" egalitarianism) or that it espouses a less popular "equal worth, but not equal treatment" ethic? Or maybe this is just a way to bootstrap communities with less maleness baked-in but that can eventually accept men once their cultural norms are established? It's nonsense about letting people claim they thought you were their lawyer. Like the myth about cops not being allowed to lie about being cops. I am a lawyer, this is legal advice and you are now my client When robots start writing those articles for them, e.g. [0]. [0] https://digiday.com/media/washington-posts-robot-reporter-pu... But what about the effect of removing criminals from society? Or the perceived harshness in the eyes of the public ("he only got a three week sentence!")? The converse is also true. Works on my ff 58.0b16 win10 64bit You don't need it for WSL, wWine can already run on Windows natively: http://www.kegel.com/wine/wow.html I wish it were as easy/well-documented to code for the GA chip. I've been interested in one for ages, but never been able to get colorforth working or any of the half-written emulators. Having GA-144 in the style of TIS-100 would be fantastic. After trying every product I could get my hands on, I'm currently using Riot/Matrix for this purpose. All the same I'm still not really satisfied with latency/quality/reliability. Why is this not a solved problem? We've had videoconferencing since at least 1968[0]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mother_of_All_Demos As a long time vim user, could I persuade you to try spacemacs in evil mode? I always liked the idea of the superior emacs ecosystem, but couldn't leave the brilliant vim command language. I found that this gives a good balance. It may not work for everything, but spacemacs includes packages with evil bindings for the common modes and i use vim style org commands without hassle. Years ago I was younger too! Anyway monopoly makes people of all ages and different sorts want to cry. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volksempf%C3%A4nger To me it seems that having gendarmes with big guns wandering around is very third world and the civilised thing to do is have unarmed police like in Ireland. Our police are mildly corrupt, but at least they don't shoot people. I would have called it a shady trapezoid. As if "core values" meant anything for colossal organisations. I think it'd probably be safer putting a _lower_ limit on the age for your undressing app. I think this is the answer. But then who's going to maintain a worldwide database of all the hashes of all the photos and videos made, and who would we trust to do it? You make a great point. If like to add that asserting that politicisation of the past muddying the waters for us now is certainly a Conflictian issue. I am a big fan of SSC and usually agree with the articles, but found myself leaning towards the Mistakean position a bit less than half of the time. Hopefully this signals a new direction in understanding why society doesn't get on and if/how we can fix it. I think we're going in a circle here because of a Russell-type problem. If you want to change the meta-rules to prevent the powerful using conflict to benefit themselves then great. The problem is that the rules are set within the system itself, therefore by the same elites. The conflict position works precisely because of this. You might even say this was anticipated by Plato's two-tier system of government.