There's a fallacy more.. The business never, ever, ever puts forward so simple requirements, and if they did, the only right way to respond would be to just f*ing do it. The business has a problems that's more like, "all of these CSV files clutter my desktop, I need them cleaned up". The hacker that then goes home and makes a Perl script that parses and archives all the files in a relational database need not apply, while the guy who ventures out to figure out how these files got there in the first place and how to fix the broken process should get the job. How does this "buying" concept of source control software work? > This is an interesting quote. If you replace Marx and Engels with Mohammed, Communism with Islam, and Russian with say Iranian you end up with "something you can't say". Which is again interesting, because it isn't true. You'll have to be pretty blinded not to see the main difference between Marxism and Islam - namely that the latter is a religion which can exists independently of a government, while Marxism in it's very core is a layout for a state. It doesn't make sense to live as a practising Marxist in a capitalism society, but you can very well live as a practising Muslim in a Christian or secular society. Way too many governments are using Islam to subdue their people in a totalitarian state, and they are helped by islamophobes in the west, who lend them legitimacy by claiming that it's just the way Islam is. Agreed. Indeed, most of the rewrites I've seen look like this: RewriteRule .* /index.php No, but mod_rewrite is not the only way of implementing it. In the mentioned case, index.php would implement a front-controller. mod_rewrite is black magic, and will fail without suggesting why, just throwing a 500 Internal Server Error. Debugging a front controller in PHP (or whatever) it much easier. Problem is, if the questions can be automatically generated from publicly available information (the contents of a blog), so can the answer. It will work as long as the system is not commonly available, because spammers won't care - but that's true for any new anti-spam system. Manually creating three options and selection one as the "right answer" won't work either, a spammer will just try three times, until he gets it right. I don't like the affinity test - it may work for certain types of sites, but consider the case where you criticize a company on a blog, and a rep wants to reply and participate in the discussion. If he has to do a "nontrivial amount of research" to post, he's probably not going to, which would be a shame. > It's a joke. Worse, I think it's art. I'd guess that they'd need to partition their data somehow by then, so the Europe DB is master for European users and slave for the rest, and so on. > But our monitoring servers, prior to some recent optimizations, hammered the disks as fast as they would go at over 1000 random writes per second sustained 24×7. I don't know what that monitoring thing does, but if you make it hammer your non-persistent local storage, and then sync logs to S3, you should be fine. As I understand this service, it's only for transactional stuff that absolutely need to be there after a reboot (e.g. transactional DB), if the plug is pulled accidentially. Thanks for sorting out any ideological issues anyone might have in three sentences. Or, of course, you could try to, you know, read a book about free markets, and then one on international financial regulations (I guarantee you the latter will be much longer and harder to read), and then try to put Paypal and libertarianism into the same box again. I did some consulting a few months ago. A FOAF had developed and launched a quite comprehensive online textbook, and their success was choking the the website. They don't know much programming, and had they not used a framework (and one of the slower ones at that), they wouldn't have launched. Period. I moved in, got them off shared hosting, replaced the built-in search with a Apache Solr, tuned the cache and a few other quick wins, took my money and left them my phonenumber. They live to fight another year or two, and I'll stop by and help again then. Scalability is not your problem, getting people to give a shit is. http://teddziuba.com/2008/04/im-going-to-scale-my-foot-up-y.... Frameworks helps getting people to give a shit, custom C++ extensions doesn't, so use a framework, unless Yahoo! called. > I have 20gb website backups I make every week. Well, don't use your private cable-line for that. You could push it to Amazon S3 instead? > "FDIC Fridays" or in this case "Fed Fridays" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Take_Out_The_Trash_Day It's neither. Both capitalism and communism deals specifically with the ownership of scarce goods. Software specifically isn't a scarce good. But it's free market at its best. Both process and result. Apparently, when energy becomes matter, it creates some sort of cloud of javascript context in which the variable worldHasEnded is defined. I don't think that was covered in my college physics textbook. The market forces work just fine. It's just that there isn't a free market. If every mom and pop could set up a cellular service with a reasonable investment, there'd be a bunch of community providers, and prices would go down - just as we've been seeing with internet connections. But the spectrum is intensely regulated by authorities, frequencies are not just expensive, they are usually not available at all(:1) - because the authorities want to protect the investment of the early providers. Effectively, they made a deal that created a government sponsored monopoly, which, even if you can privately buy a share in it, is the opposite of free markets. 1: This is true for most of Europe, can't say for the US. > Just wait for there to be another option. Everyone will flood to this alternative VoIP over Wimax and Wifi, with GSM as backup .. IM replacing SMS. The future is almost here, and I think a platform like Android will help it along. Have you ever made him do something in a specific way, because of "enterprise"-reasons, politics and "that's the way we do it" instead of arguments? Do you make him run windows, when he'd rather use a Mac or Linux, because he has to use Visual Studio? Did he ever suggest that you do a project in Ruby or Python, to be told that "we're a Java shop"? Do you have bureaucratic rules? Do you make him punch in and out, and log time down to the minute? Are certain websites blocked because they are not work-related? Is the working environment pleasant. Are you six developers and two PMs on cheap chairs and small tables, in a 300 sq ft office, with hard floors and no sound dampening? Is management not only a step up in salary and responsibility, but also access to unrelated perks like a better chair? But mostly, I think, it was the "talk the talk" about creative minds, and not walk a single step of the road, that made sick of that place. He's a brilliant mind, no doubt about that. But those who ventured into science, basically up until 150 years ago, were usually royalty or similar, with incomprehensible wealth, and obedient (and often violently oppressed) subjects. If you never, in your entire life, have to worry a second if you can feed yourself and your family and keep a roof over your head, you're probably slightly more keen to see what a life of sitting down and wondering might lead to. > (not sure how this works when a bubble bursts, haven’t been around long enough). Well, after the last .com bubble burst, there was a lot less ping-pong with the CEO, and a lot more "You want fries with that" going on, as I understood it. Working in investment-banking is only about the money, in much the same way that IT is only about typing. > If it were socialism, you wouldn't have poor/middle-class people dying from treatable diseases. No, since nobody would be middle-class or above, it would only be poor people dying from treatable diseases. I think it's important to clarify that there are two layers in this. Paying for health care and providing health care. IMO, there's a good case to be made for a baseline of mandatory basic healthcare (i.e. no dying in the streets, no choosing food this week over a visit to the doctor), which should be tax-funded for families below a certain income threshold. The other end of the stick is the hospitals and doctors themselves, and there is absolutely nothing that suggests that they become more efficient or cheaper, if they are made public employees. Quite the contrary, I'd argue. In TFA, there is much focus on the quality of Steam as a content distribution platform, and it's relevancy to Googles own efforts in that venue. It sounds more like Google want to use Steam technology in other products, and don't have any particular interest in Valves current business. Maybe they'll even opensource CS, since cash flow from that is probably pretty insignificant by now, and there's a lot of good-will to obtain. On a single-user machine, screwing up as root and screwing up in your unprivileged account is pretty much the same, since the most valuable you're going to loose isn't that 20 minute Ubuntu install, but your files. And the user you use, privileged or not, will have the power to wipe your files out. Only other benefit (apart from all those programs that will complain or actually refuse to run as root) is if you run something questionable, it won't be able to install a root-kit, open a backdoor and hide the process. > he used the system the way it was built to be used and the system did what it was supposed to do. So, if I go to the mailbox outside your home (assuming the classic unlocked US design) after the mailman leave, pick up your mail, open the envelopes and post what I find on /b/, you're just gonna shrug and blame yourself for using such a badly designed security mechanism? You know, when I open your letters, the envelope does exactly what it's supposed to do, so I'm not committing a crime, right? This, and the app-store debacle, is the kind of stuff that makes me think that Apple isn't in it for the long haul. Why doesn't MacOSX ship with native GTK? And Qt? Why hasn't OpenOffice worked seamlessly from day 1? Or at least day 5? Why don't Apple embrace the huge community that worships their products, instead of becoming the next Microsoft? What have they got to loose? If getting my favourite Linux apps to run on my MacBook had bees as easy as apt-get, heck, even as easy as under Windows, I'd still use Mac OS X.. now it's running Kubuntu, and I'm regretting not getting a ThinkPad. I'm disappointed, I REALLY wanted to like MacOSX. No. But the other threads in this discussion are about Gaim/Pidgin and Gimp. Why has it been a dead-simple 5-minute thing to install those apps on Windows for years, but still tricky on MacOSX? Why did it take, what 7 years, from the launch and immediate celebration of OSX, to get native GTK? So, without knowing the answer to the above, I guess you could say I'd like it to be more like Windows (ducks). Cappucino is a web-framework. According to wikiquote, this quote is unsourced, attributed to Edsger Dijkstra: Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Dijkstra That's because it applied to science-fields, and it applies to software engineering, which is more of a craft than a science. Agile is essentially lean production for software, and I've heard it's not so ridiculous. IANAE.. but how would nationalization be worse? Seize a bank when it's in trouble, "fix" it, and sell it in a public offering. If the income from the sale nets more than the government spend to fix it, that profit is distributed to the original shareholders. This happened i Sweden in the early 90's. Some banks were in trouble, and the government said that they'd help them, but by nationalization. One of the major banks were then suddently conveniently able to get some capital, and survived on it's own. A mortgage is essentially (depending on the rate of amortisation) renting your home form the bank. The free market is modelled around the fact that we are greedy. Communism assumes that we are (or can be made) purely altruistic ("From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" collapses if there is just a single selfish, greedy actor present). That's why free markets work remarkably better than communism. > It's entirely normal that you sign over ownership of the code to the company in exchange for your equity. That's in every form stock agreement. Yeah, but he's being asked to sign over ownership, in order to begin the process of receiving equity. If he signs that, they have every opportunity to screw him, which they do not have now. There is a considerable span between free markets and laissez-faire capitalism. Most modern "left" political movements accept free markets as a good thing, and mainly differ with the right on the level of regulation. I mainly read Ayn Rand as a criticism of the "truths" of the left wing, not as a very useful proponent of a laissez-faire society. Anyway, free markets "punish" greed, by forcing those who want material wealth to work for it, instead of leeching of others. The reason taxation and politicians is a problem in free markets is exactly greed: anybody on the receiving end of public funds have little rational motive to seek to end that stream. Broken thread, see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=324853 Light and with a DVI port. Why do most laptops (Apple is the only brand with DVI without a docking station, I think) only have VGA ports? DVI->VGA is trivial through a simple adaptor, if the graphics adaptor supports it (and it does), but the other way around is impossible. How about asking here if anyone is a Drupal/apache shark and is willing to help you tune your site and migrate to Slicehost? You could maybe offer to pay for (some of) the help with a sponsored link on your site. That could be reasonably attractive to a Chicago-based contractor with a low pipeline. FastCGI and mod_xcache? Made all the difference on a couple of TYPO3 (PHP CMS) site I've run. Hmm, I see a bit of a chicken-and-egg issue.. How do you configure the IP address if there's no monitor or input devices? Most colocated sites I've worked with requires static IPs. Perhaps it could be burned on the CD - add a tool that takes that info, and makes a ISO specific for that server. CD-Rs are expendible anyway these days. I could have used that last week. I had to drive serveral hours to go onsite to install a Debian server. If I could have mailed a CD-R to the guys, and done the install remotely, I could have saved a bunch of hours. I bike most places. There's good access and good parking at my university, so on bad weather days, or when I'm late, I take the car. My problem is sweat, as much as rain. After biking for 25 minutes I absolutely need to change my shirt. This is fine for everyday use, since a sweater or polo fold nicely in a backpack, but for business meetings (I'm halftime student, halftime PM), I need a suit-coat and a shirt, and they'll wrinkle way too much in a backpack. Suggestions? That's not a defence of piracy, it's a very reasonable argument that a subset of what we today call pirates, aren't. Obsoletion doesn't come from nowhere. What's the problem with current LAN-cabling that warrants the coming of a new network technology? Yeah, wireless, but it's still nice to have some places to easily plug in the access points. Pairs of copper wire is, if anything, a proven technology. And it's not like we're anywhere near pushing the limit of Ethernet technology for domestic purposes. Even if a new technology will come along, the fact that entire cites are wired from top to bottom with cat-5, you're guaranteed that any new technology wil be heavily biased towards backwards compability on the physical layer. Because Java is an incredibly powerful tool that works across a large selection of platforms with minimal effort. And, Hadoop is only the infrastructure, they have APIs for C, C++ and shell for the applications. http://wiki.apache.org/hadoop/FAQ I used the tool to make the name markovable, got the domain and made this: http://www.markovable.net OK, that felt like 1998. I had expected that a full-blown Postfix+Dovecot with IMAP, POP3, with and without SSL and TLS, on Maildirs with virtual users and DSPAM configured would be a single apt-get install. Anyway, what's a guide doing asking users to choose between four flavors of protocols? Just enable them all. Maildirs/mbox? Mbox is ancient, no possible reason to setup new accounts using that. And the biggest WTF has got to be the actual users created. Who wants to run a mailserver without virtual users and virtual domains in 2008 anyway? Why not client certificates? I'm pretty sure that's what my bank uses, they've got a java-applet that talks to a small binary file in my homedrive. The technology is simple (to implement) and well proven, guarantees security end-to-end. What is BoA trying to accomplish? Easierness? +1 for Hetzner. Even though the website is in German, I've always been able to get qualified help in English. I don't know how they'll feel about C&D's, though. I've never been in trouble with my servers. I think the model would have to be to develop an open source kit that allows standardized pluggable distributed hosting in "a box". I wouldn't expect a significant market for simple non-dynamic hosting - the solution would have to accomodate blogs, forums and other dynamic content-apps. Any provider of such hosting would just be provided with a config-file, and then start to pull the content, sync the DB etc. The kit should be designed to expect nodes to drop of randomly, and be self-healing (i.e. "elect" a new master-node, or be purely peer-to-peer). Maybe the kit could be modelled on top of Google App Engine. One single-point-of-failure would be DNS though. If your domain is .com, and Verisign pulls it, you could be hosted on the moon, and still disappear. Also end of 1981. I've got a bit of an entrepreneurial spirit (haven't got anything off the ground yet, though), and I'm pretty sure that if I was five years older, I'd be a ex-Porche owner :) Fonts are embedded in most PDF files. http://pmjdebruijn.blogspot.com/2006/06/extracting-fonts-fro... I know it's not completely what you asked, but I'm with the OP - the one thing I missed the most in my one year in Windows-land last year, was the command-line shell. Everything you can do on a Linux machine, you can do in the shell Two days ago I was handed a CD with some fonts on it, and needed to get an overview of them - two lines of commands, right in the shell, took me maybe 20 minutes, to generate a HTML page with a PNG sample of each font. I'd say, it's not so much the API itself, as much is there is just ONE API - POSIX. Files, processes and signals. This it the root of a very simple design philosophy, that much *NIX software adheres to. Most thirdparty libraries provide a C-library that can be linked to an application - but it also provides a small tool that implements all functionality. Input values aren't "resources" or instances of this or that object. They are one of: Strings on the commandline, a piped stream or a file. And most often, all are possible. Output is a integer return value (typically just true or false), another stream or another file. Windows does not have that single, simple API that everything adheres to, so there's no one culture of Windows development. Many of the APIs that exist in the Windows ecosystem, e.g. WMI, that I've been using to script IIS control, is perfectly well equipped to become a "POSIX-killer" - if it would just become pervasive. WMI is next to worthless when I can use it to control IIS, but not some other feature, and I can straight away forget about talking to the Win32 API altogether from Windows Script Host, and even in C#.net it's unnecessarily difficult. Yeeess.. that one game out there that's not about killing, maiming, conquering and dismembering various adversaries, I think it might be about love. I guess the "Cash not stock" advice is more true right now, in retrospect, than in general? I mean, since stock is riskier than cash, you can demand more of it? Of course it depends what stock is on offer - but as the market looks now, and if I'm able to sit on it for five years, I'd absolutely prefer 110 value-units of GOOG over 100 value-units of cash. > Can anyone seriously argue that ingredient labels are anti-market? Well, there are two factors: 1) If the government mandates that a certain value is indicated on the label, it also vouches to a certain extent that the "better" value (lower for calories) is actually "better". So calories is OK, but it's a slope. How about an Atkins-adherence(or whatever)-index? The problem is that once such a measure is implemented, it is exceedingly difficult to get rid of it, even if it turns out to be bogus or even misleading, because the politician supporting it will be accused of being anti-consumer (why would s/he be against more information?), or just in the pocket of Big Food. 2: It may not be very cost effective to calculate the appropriate value. Consider a restaurant, where the chef that goes to the farmers market every day and gets whats really fresh and in season. The chef now has to commit time, everyday, calculating the calorie-count for each dish. More bookkeeping, less cooking. It may be easy to do for calories (I'm not sure, I'm neither a chef nor a dietist), but what if it requires samples to be sent to a lab somewhere? I read somewhere that a reasonable measure it to consider the invenstment. If you were to buy your share, you'd have to put $X down to get a return of 45%*profit(not salaries)/year. Calculate backwards to get the interest rate on various down payments, and see what makes sense. Considering that the 100k is profit and not your salaries, the share's profit is $45.000: $100.000 = 45% interest rate .. a little too nice! $1.000.000 = 4.5% interest, keep your money in the bank $300.000 = 15% interest - pretty sweet spot. Back-of-the-envelope, I'm niether an accountant or an auditor. He'd still have to be active on the board, and make sure his partner doesn't run the business into the ground.. e.g. by hiring someone to do his job, and go live of his passive income stream :) It's 6.25%, actually. http://www.danskebank.dk/Dansketoprente I've been modded a bit around on this, does anyone care to elaborate on whether this is a sensible method? I, for one, demand that Conservative America keeps using Emacs! I though of this one: http://www.despair.com/incompetence.html 58667 digg-orig.html 14585 digg-orig.html.gz 58560 digg-noegg.html 14524 digg-noegg.html.gz 61 bytes. To paraphrase Dijkstra: Democracy is a much about voting as astronomy is about telescopes. And the next sentence: "In this country you work harder to achieve your dreams and goals." 1: The higher the tax, the harder you have to work to achieve your dreams and goals => the decision to leave certainty for a venture is harder => less people will do it. 2: A tax increase counts twice when you're hiring e.g. cleaning help for your home, since both you and the cleaner is paying the higher tax. Thus, it get harder to pay for cleaning (gardening, construction, mechanics etc), and you're more likely to do it yourself, devoting less time to your family, start-up or work. 3: Finally, higher taxes will make it harder to promote/be promoted. In a promotion, you get more money and more responsibilities. The higher the tax, the less money will be in your pocket after the promotion, and the incentive to accept is lower. Coupled with no. 2, if you're busy building a new bathroom and a garage at home, you don't have the time to accept more responsibilities at work. By the way - watch out for "95% won't be affected" rhetoric. A functioning democracy can't just be 95% fleecing the 5% - or the 55% fleecing the 45%. As it is, I can only conclude that you are really bad at reading, since my post contains general observations about taxation, and only a brief remark about Obama. In the interest of making everyone smarter, rather than throwing mud, might you care to share where my math is wrong? A lot of this points out why I don't understand "left-leaning" folk. When the minimum is forced up, being better than the minimum gets harder. If you make it harder to fire people, hiring becomes more risky and especially smaller firms will think twice. If you force employers to pay for employees sickdays, and make it illegal for the employer to even ask you what's wrong, mr. nice guy, who'd never ask anyway, is cornered by mr. bad boss, who's just looking out for the law. If you force the minimum wage up, all those jobs worth less than the minimum wage will not be done. Not a problem for high-tech startups, but if you're the guy washing staircases at night, and your price goes up, you'll be the first to go when things are rough. Low salary employees are seldom unexpendable. If you think you're being unfairly treated at work, protest. If that doesn't work, quit. If you need to keep your job because you have credit card debt and the installments on your new home entertainment center and custom build kitchen and the mortgage and ... well, you got yourself into the mess, do you really think it's fair to get the government to bully evil mr. $250.000 into bailing you out, and imply that he's somehow not deserving of his salary? No. The only thing added is a highly speculative and suggestive quote ( Of course, factoring in enough cronyism, corruption and official ignorance and boosterism, it’s possible the principals could make some money during the initial stages, before the crows come home to roost ) from the "Los Alamos Study Group". Also, the article ends in the words, "Or maybe not". That fully sums up the criticism of the device. I think the guy simplifies the whole thing just a little beyond what's fair. Technocratic incompetence at least doesn't describe the guys with (R)'s next to their names in this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MGT_cSi7Rs I don't find it intuitive at all. And the 24-hour-mode almost scares me; how can someone doing innovative work on time fail to grasp 24-hour time so thoroughly? To put some perspective on the notion that US evil >> JP evil for using the nuclear bomb. In school (in Europe) I remember being taught how horrible the two bombs were and that it was somewhat good that the war was put to en end, but with much more stress on the former. I was never taught about the atrocities committed by the Japanese. It's a good rule of thumb. If I'm going to work for less what I'm getting now, there should be a well articulated reason for it. Now, that might be that I'm currently overpaid, but still looking to leave my job, or that the job is very very cool, or that I'm getting stock options that I'm really confident in - and of course, if I'm relocating to an area with a significantly different cost of living. When I saw this, I was inspired to make a proof-of-concept for an alternative, and IMHO more intuitive, GUI-metaphor. Watch-style time selector: http://holding.biplane.dk/watch/ I have a similar story, but with a different outcome.. My mother was running windows 95 on a old PC, and she had some trouble. I looked at it, decided I needed to re-install, and told her that I wanted to put Ubuntu on it. There was a bit of worry if she'd be able to figure it out, and I told her yes, and also strongly suggested that when she asks for my help, she should be willing to accept my recommendations. Voila, Ubuntu installed and a brief, "wow, I'm actually running linux now?", and she was happy. Firefox, Thunderbird and OpenOffice FTW. Corporations with archaic IT operations procedures will be difficult, but the Windows 98-neighbours and mothers of the world need to start using Ubuntu. Well, if there is a demand for a "clever" get-a-freelancer site, where focus is on qualifications and portfolio, and not down-bidding, the market should be providing one. Capitalism isn't just about down bidding :) I'm probably going to need a remote, freelance Django dev or two soon, but I'm not too sure how to go about it. The biggest issue, from what I can read, will be how well the data is partitioned. If every single write will affect every single subsequent read in a non-trivial manner, it's a really hard problem, and you're looking at really expensive hardware. If you're able to partition the data, it's "just" a question of throwing enough servers at the problem. Yeah, that's my best bet so far. What exactly is the output? Really? Why? What makes driving a stranger around in your car so much more dangerous than driving your wife and kids around? It's absolutely crazy. The bus company asking the government to protect it from delivering the service that their customers want and need. > * Taxi drivers tend to be unsafe drivers > * Taxi drivers tend to drive unsafe vehicles That's for the insurance companies to settle. It's easy to imagine that "regular" liability insurance policies will prohibit commercial transportation of humans in the vehicle. > * Taxi drivers tend to rip off their customers Your "P2P Car Service" rating will plummet if you rip off your customers. By the same measure, eBay and Craigslist should be blatant failures. But these are all issues that a well-established P2P Car Service could handle. Require drivers to submit a current copy of their license, insurance claim history and registration for the car in question every 3-6 months. Make this information available on the website (except driver's lastname and address or whatever for privacy). Put a GPS logger in each car (if it's not on, you don't get paid). Charge exclusively on a point-to-point basis (e.g. let the driver carry the risk of going in circles). Yes, I wanted to ask you what the output was, because, as others have pointed out, that's probably the determining factor in how you should structure the data. If I understand correctly, when I post "A" and a short while later, I post "B", and in the meantime everyone else posts X posts, then at the time of posting B, I want to get a return of exactly X? If that's the case, you should just keep a central counter, which is your critical region. Updating that 16.000 times a second in a blocking way should be possible. Sounds like something Erlang guys do to show off. The rest of the app can be completely de-coupled. Once you've increased the counter, you save userid, timestamp and counter, and fetch the former post, and return the diff of the counter-values. The only thing in this setup that's hard is the counter. one other thing I noticed.. you're very enthusiastic about that everything should happen in exactly the correct order, and not even +/- .2 seconds deviation is in order. We're looking at around 16.000 transactions a second - that's 0.0625 ms pr transaction, or about 1/1000 of a regular internet roundtrip (50 ms is very common for DSL and Cable connections), so the of incoming requests will arrive in quite random order, within about 1000 requests .. make sure that doesn't break your business-model. So you problem is not processing 1.000.000 requests pr. minutes, but rather how to sort up to 60.000.000 items 1.000.000 times pr. minute? Now that could prove to be quite problematic. If your sorting algorithm only requires one processing instruction pr. stored item, and is perfectly parallelizable, and there's zero overhead in the map-reduce, you'll need 300 3 ghz cores to do it. Well yeah. That would be cool. Anyway, in a point that relates to the OP, it would be that I hope lawmakers will see this as a cue to reform and privatise taxi-regulation. What? There was a thriving free market and suddenly the public taxi-regulation-and-rationing scheme out-competed everyone else? I'll more-or-less repeat my advice from the other thread.. Keep the current highest bid as well as timestamp and owner of the bid in a very simple data structure in RAM. In another section of RAM, keep a datastructure for each user, keeping track of bids, and the current number of bids for the auction and the current bid. When a new bid comes in, first lookup the user's record, and check if the bid is legal, and then pass it on to compare with the current highest bid. This is your critical section. if the bid is higher than the current, update, otherwise reject. The exercise is to make your critical region (ie. the section of code that only ONE client can be executing at the same time) as small as possible, since it will be the limiting factor. If you don't think my solution will work, please explain, in terms of business requirements, why it won't - because I can't see what your alternative solution achieves, except being orders of magnitude slower then mine. For an example, you want to search for the current highest bidder. Why not always keep the current highest bidder in the same place? Looking in one place costs 1 cycle, looking in thousands of places (searching) costs thousands of cycles. Write me an email (see my profile) if you want to continue the discussion. You can NDA me if you want to. > Startup idea wouldn't really work, it costs way too much money to bring a car to market, and there aren't that many startups in the automotive space, Tesla is pretty much it. I think that I you set up a incubator with $200mln for pre-seed VC, with a priority for potentially labor-intensive and/or automotive businesses, you'd see some significant job creation. Not enough to offset GM layoff overnight, but at least the solutions provided will be sustainable. I'm not saying they would be mass-producing cars. I'm saying, creative innovative people will think of something nice to do with 200 mln and 200.000 good pairs of hands. Successful niche forums/boards have a social contract that the participants enforce on each other. The fact that you on HN need x1 points to vote comments down, and x2>>x1 points to kill stories (and on Slashdot, the karma-system), ensures that new members are accepted into the contract by peers based on contribution. In older times, boards had moderators, and admins picked out active members as mods based on their performance. But this model is susceptible to group-think, especially when a topic falls outside the contract. It just happened here during the presidential election that apparently the body of users are sufficiently politically diverse, that intelligent, respectful debate prevailed over mindless up-voting of anything adhering to one specific mindset. It could very well have went in the other direction. It's absolutely no guarantee that you because someone make insightful tech/startup comments, that he also is going to vote down a stupid comment, even if it's in favor of his political POV. Solving this problem; making sure that a community like HN can stay intelligent, and not be diluted as it gains popularity, I think, is a very big opportunity. So did you want to e-mail me? I haven't received anything. Lack of action doesn't imply inability. That's what's different. A parked car is not a car that's not able to drive. It's a car that's not driving. As bigbang said, the third world. But more importantly, it allows people, also in the western world, to convert free time into some money. You might have a unchallenging 9-5 job, and easily have 5-6 hours to pass in the evenings. If you turk rather than watch bad TV and get a few extra dollars an hour, over a week, it's maybe $100/week extra to put away for something nice. Also, you can cancel the big cable package if you stop watching TV. Getting a night shift somewhere would probably pay more, but include bosses, annoying co-workers/customers, standing up, sweating, smelling like french fries etc. rather sitting in a nice chair, working at your own pace, with the TV on in the background, and being able to go call on your kids if you need to. In fact, min. wage minus sitter might be less than what you can get from turking. It could be made clearer that it won't work outside US/Canada. It would seem that the Slashdot system of capping karma at "Excellent" is s means to this end, but Slashdot isn't a better place for it. I'd say, that if anything, down-voting should count proportionally to your karma. If you've got 5k karma, you could go on a flaming-spree for days, and still have more karma than the best newcomers. That said, I don't think it's that big of a problem. When I (and it's seldom) look at a users karma, I always look at it in relation to created-days-ago. Karma 100, created one month ago > karma 200 created a year ago. I think the divide isn't really between "believing" in global warming or not - but between blaming "western" progress, industrialism, consumerism, globalism and capitalism, and placing as a premise for a solution that we can't allow our progress to slow down to fix this, and we CERTAINLY can't ask China and India to slow down theirs. The former is (roughly) the Kyoto/Copenhagen bunch, the latter is the "spend A LOT - NOW on nuclear energy (we need a lot of energy, and it will keep growing) and research in energy storage (fuel cells etc.) and biotech (get rid of the C02 we already have)". I think that pretty much holds true for any forum with activist admins. Problem is, it's not scalable, it's not even sustainable. It's a lot of hard work, it's hard to pass on "in the same spirit", and the larger the admin group, the more unreceptive to change it is. Also, on HN there's a distinct "we" feeling - my (limited) experience is that admin-dominated forums are more focused on class (ie. looking up, even sucking up, to mods). Would it perhaps be practical to pull the binary files out of SCM and build a small tool that figures out denpendencies and downloads the relevant files from the build server? It sounds like that might ease your constraints. It's often said that developers need to understand the business, and bring forward a business-case, not a technical case. So: how much money will lose by choosing the wrong SCM today because you're unwilling to change a process you even agree is sub-optimal? Try to count the number of check-ins, branching, merging etc. the entire team does in a year, multiply by five, and then multiply by even a few seconds of lost time, annoyment and agony pr. event. I would guess that in that perspective you can afford spending a few days seeing if you can change the build-artifact process to allow you a wider selection of SCMs. That's his point - it IS your show, if you make it your show. If you don't make it your show, don't complain when you end up as just another cog in the machine. Title is quite misleading. I'd expected a (hyperbole) story about how tel-com SMS revenue in Canada is down because people use Twitter over data instead. Blogspam, actual site is here: http://www.serie3.info/s3slider/ with demo here: http://www.serie3.info/s3slider/demonstration.html Pretty neat, though. > ...but since we don't understand the climate very well But, wait. Apparently we DO understand the climate well enough to know that global warming is happening because of the small percentage of CO2 emissions caused by humans, and that by cutting our emissions, we can stop the warming. Based on that, we must have an extremely thorough understanding of our climate, and it should be trivial to simulate a vulcano going off and see if it cools the climate. Good luck finding few enough sides. There are easily about eight sides in the global warming argument. Is global warming even happening? Is man-made CO2 causing it? Will reducing man-made CO2 help? Is the best way to mitigate this to stop emitting CO2, to research green tech, nuclear or to look into measures allowing us to live in a hotter world? And why? How is "best" defined? Then you'll need impartical referees. When side D claims that no recent study shows that X is true, and side G says there is, who's right? What exhibits are allowed, and how? But never the less, this form of debate exists and thrives, it's called peer-reviewed journals. Too bad that the climate debate is too much in a hurry to use them. In “Peer Review? What Peer Review?” McLean writes, “The IPCC would have us believe that its reports are diligently reviewed by many hundreds of scientists and that these reviewers endorse the contents of the report. Analyses of reviewer comments show a very different and disturbing story.” http://scienceandpublicpolicy.org/press/ipccprocessillusion.... Also, the 20-page "executive summary" is voted on, line by line, by politicians, who (as politicians do) have every other motive than actually objectively figuring out the truth. We have politicians deciding which science is right. If that's not BS, I don't know what is. As lutorm said.. also, if this is condensed into a 45-minute townhall format, you get "My friend Joe the Eskimo thinks icebears are cute" and while it's great TV, no-one is more clever for it. In an ideal world, yes. But we've just seen a couple of guys debate the next four year of one country in a very public way. It took them a year, not to reach any kind of common ground, much less agreement, but to get to the point where a few pct.pts. likes one guy better than the other. This was even made easy by pre-defining that there will only be two sides to the debate. The climate debate discusses the future, not of one country, but of the entire earth, and if we end up on the side of the "alarmists", we're not trying again in 4 years - this is a 20-50 year plan. So, yes, I agree with you, but my pragmatic practical side (the one that will not be allowed in a brainstorm session) argues that it's just not practical. Lesson 0: Don't do premature optimization. Isn't most businesses started with a small group of people wanting to go into business together? They may have a slightly more articulated idea of what to do, but still nowhere near an elevator pitch. The HP founders just took the "hey, we should do something together" conversation over lunch and formalized it. Once they struck sales with their model 200 audio oscillator, they became as focused as any successful company. I'd define a year of cash in the bank as the ability to keep living, even if your inbound cash flow dries up. Obviously you can adjust the required amount by how certain the income is. Income from a non-terminateable contract with a solid business is "better" than 10.000 private users paying $5 by credit card every month. A private person who spend his entire salary every month (but no more) is cash flow positive, but only if he keeps his job. - sniff sniff Is that Elizabeth Dior No. 5 on your shirt? - Yes, I love it when you wear that perfume I gave you. - I know. So I ran out of it a month ago. - Uhhh, I havn't had time to do my laundry lately. No? If global warming is happening for whatever non-man-made-CO2 reason, spending ridiculous amounts of money cutting carbon won't help us. Since that's the preferred public policy option these days, it's pretty relevant arguing over the cause. Except, when you get credit cards, you get screwed. When you don't get insurance, everyone else is screwed. That's why credit cards are a classical case for information, not regulation. It's a sad sad slope that regulation is incresingly used to protect people from themselves, rather than each other. 1: Outsource Django/RoR work 2: The 48-minute work week 3: Profit! The worst thing about PHP is how easy it is to leave SQL and HTML all over your code. Install Doctrine (ORM) and Smarty (Templating engine) or friends and use it religiously. If you do, you can use PHP for what it's best at: Cranking out business logic at high speed. http://www.doctrine-project.org/ http://www.smarty.net/ As opposed to any other speechwriter? Lean is more of a operations philosophy than process control. There are elements that are perfectly applicable to software: Kaizen: Floor-employees are encouraged, expected and empowered to make a Kaizen event when they observe that something can be done better. Andon: Production-line employees are empowered to stop the line if they observe a quality problem. A central pillar of lean is always to look at what you do, and figure our how to do it better, and to trace problems to the source and fix them there. It's easier to do in mass manufacturing, in no small part due to the fact that it's much easier to measure quality along a supply chain, than in anything custom built, including software. It's basically about realizing that it's the people who do the actual work who are able to tell where, when and why your quality isn't good. At least every week there's a story on the daily WTF about a manager who "knows better" and overrules a developer with bad consequences. Interesting account. But is this what passes for a miraculous escape these days? My point exactly - sorry to sound so callous. Would you mind sharing some examples? What promising start-ups have been killed or absorbed in an unfair manner, that used to be, or should obviously be, illegal? The article supplies pre- and post-SOX IPO counts, and while that doesn't prove anything in itself, they do smell like fish. Then you should know that there is a pretty good negative correlation between the availability of internet (and thus, fast, anonymous porn) and rape. > Yahoo/Microsoft I'm not sure I agree with you, but anyway, that deal fell through because of regulation. But observing that one aspect of regulation works, is hardly an argument that deregulation is bad. > "cost of going public" Other comments in this thread ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=406433 ) suggests that going public means slightly more than digitizing documents. No SAAS, no IM, no iTunes, more lawyers, more accountants. But, arguing "regulation is not hurting that much" is hardly an argument that deregulation is hurting more. > Laptops seem to be Windows' week point with regards to drivers I disagree. I had the exact same experience with a 2002 IBM ThinkStation. Intel Chipset - as standard as anything comes. Ubuntu worked out of the box, Windows had nothing. It booted in 640x480 (IIRC, maybe it was 800x600) for crying out loud. Huh? Your math is off by a few orders of magniture. 100x10mg = 1g, so 1 kg should be 1000x$215.17 = $215,170.00, for an ingredient cost of 1000x$.71 = $710. Also, I can buy 100 x 10mg Clarityn for $65, but I won't, because I can get 100 x 10mg Mildin (exact same active ingredient) for $35. Edit: Oops, forgot to add a point. Your point holds true, your calculations are just for 100 kg instead. Thing is, medicine isn't invented, manufactured sold or bought in a free market. Another difference between Clarityn and coke is that there is a very elaborate framework in place to make sure your pills are good - if your dealer dilutes your coke with flour or ratpoison, you're screwed and nobody cares. If there was no demand/requirement for that protection, I'm sure we could get our pills for around $1. OAL is obviously a module name, though I can't figure out what it is. "Io Ctl" seems to be something with "IO control", although I can't figure out what IO has to do with it. The rest reads "HAL (hardware abstraction layer) initialize RTC (real-time clock)".. and that's what it does. This is from five minutes looking at the source. Very little college embedded programming. What more do you want? YouTube transmits the absolute minimum amount of data required to display a video at your client. The guy and his Microsoft friends can intercept the data all they want, but unless they are lowering the quality of the video, no win. There are some examples where this will work - long websites with lots of content, pictures and ads - e.g. news organisations etc. The Opera browser on my cellphone runs sites through an image compressor, so I only get a colored rectangle at first, then a very low quality version once I scroll to it, and finally, I can activate a function to get the full pic. It's basically the same thing happening. Another thing, especially older Wordpress blogs don't rescale images server-side, they do it in the IMG tag - that hurts on slow connections. Unfortunately, fixing Wordpress is already happening. I've been playing with a business idea for a while, that I think would be appropriate for a situation like this: For ease, I'll call my product, "the processor" and my client "the seller". I define a microformat on top of HTML that defines a product. Name, price, maybe options/attributes, very simple. This can be added to a blog-post, myspace-page, anyone on the web with minimum HTML access. Place a link to my service on that page that says "put in basket". The processor examines the referrer, creates a session with a cookie, adds the product, and returns the visitor. On the seller-page, there's a bit of javascript that pulls the basket from the processor and displays it, along with "show basket" and "checkout" links. Checkout runs on the processor, on an unbranded page, maybe even with some "magic" pulling the layout of the seller-page, and integrates the sellers Paypal or Google Checkout or whatever payment service. Business model is to charge some fee or percentage on all orders above a certain threshold. Does it make sense? Could it work? Does it already exist? It's nice concept, because it's immune to the problem of whatever it's called that dating sites have, where they need many profiles to be popular, and to get profiles they need to be popular. A service like this has zero-to-little barrier to entry, it only takes a few minutes to tag who you would want to hook up with, and once you do, it can sit there for months without requiring any maintenance. Once it starts working, word will get around, and I believe the word viral is more than appropriate here. Google Android is about to kick the iPhone's ass. If Apple don't integrate vertically, they're going to be just a computer manufacturer - a really good one, but just that. They've had a taste of the vertical with iTunes music and app Stores and both have seriously limited business models. As the music industry opens up, any media player can integrate a music store, and in the long term, the market isn't going to accept a monopolistic distribution channel of software. Absolutely, there are a few ?'s in business model before the profit. But basically to compete with a Google+hardware business, there's only Yahoo+hardware, and if that hardware is Apple, it looks really attractive. Yeah, network effect. I seem to recall having heard a more specific term for social networks, but that doesn't matter now. I maintain that the concept is, if not immune, then more resistant to it - I'm not going to a dating site, because the people I want to hook up with aren't there (at least I don't know them to be). They are, however, on Facebook. Of course, and that's where I think you have a point - it's not immune to competition. But once the first of these services get a few breakthroughs, the viral effect is going to be pretty hefty, I think. I don't own an iPhone, and I don't own an Android phone. Android kicking the iPhones ass was a hyperbole, but I do believe that the business model of the Android is better in the long term. In a few years there are, with a little luck, 10-15 different Android models, and just a few variations on the iPhone. Variation, options and non-vendor-lockin are good selling points. > AFAIK there are no hard Android sales figures yet. No, and that wasn't my point, although I did hide that pretty well. See my answer to pxlpshr. > Meanwhile, if the "monopolistic distribution channel" of iPhone software ever becomes a serious handicap to Apple's sales, Apple will just end it, overnight. Yeah, and if they do, they're out of the vertically integrated business, and back at "just" being a very good hardware company. That's not necessarily a bad place to be, but I'm arguing that there are indeed synergies between Apple and Yahoo in a vertical integration that can actually be a real competitor to Google. No, his argument isn't fallacious, but yours is a straw man. He is NOT saying that regulation was the problem, and he's not saying that less regulation will solve the crisis. He's saying that blaming libertarianism, free markets and "unfettered capitalism" is a fallacy - simply because the financial market is neither of those. > Goog has been using Juniper for a while Don't you mean JNPR? I've never understood this idea about speaking of companies in terms of their stock ticker symbol. > ASIN and ISBN You could headline the box with "URL for the product or wishlist you want to follow", and then, in a smaller and greyer font below put "(you can also just put the ISBN or ASIN in there)". > what counts as a 'right' Freedom from coercion, baby. Simple as that. For a more thorough discussion, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negative_and_positive_rights > However, I would rather live under a Scandinavian-like government [...] We all agree on the goals: [...] prosperity, etc. Yes, I've totally cut up your point, and I'll take this over Somalia any day. But Scandinavian government (Denmark in this case) couldn't care less about prosperity. Right out of college, you're in the top tax bracket, paying 63% on everything above $64.000 annual income (and just under 50% on everything below). Buying a car? 180% registration tax, and slap 25% sales tax on top of that. But yeah, we've got worse schools than Portugal and free mediocre healthcare, but most importantly: we have high economic equality. So no, unfortunately we don't agree on the goals. The purpose of a business plan is to show that you've given some thought to how you'll run and grow the business. Anyone who thinks that's an exercise in futility will have a hard time getting funding. If you have an idiot investor, sure they might be pissed at you because of missed quotas, but you can also use them to look at your cash flow. If miss my Q4 quota by 30%, does that cause me to go bankrupt in Q2 this year? If I've spend the time setting up a cash flow budget, I'll know ahead of time, and can plan accordingly, if not, some day you're just going to hit a wall. A business plan is basically a collection of things that are pretty smart to think about and write down. Things can change, and should change, but that is also easier with a business plan - you'll update it, and that'll give you an idea what else you need to change to accommodate the new environment. Taking things as they come may work reasonably well for a 1-2 person setup, paying the bills with on-the-side consulting, hoping to go bootstrapped some time, but once someone is ready to dump real money in your lap, I'd be very hesitant about anyone being quite so lax about the sense in putting to paper what you're going to do with that money, and how the investor can hope to get paid. The problem of property ownership is inherent in any society that (obviously) permits ownership of property. Most property in the world can be traced back to an original owner, from whom it was stolen (war, colonization and similar events). That original owner might have stolen it from someone else. But that is a completely different point, that really has nothing to do with libertarianism, or any reasonably capitalist society, where property ownership is permitted. It's my impression that a symptom of a mature capitalist society is that historical property disputes are settled in a sense that can be considered fair. That someone might not accept property rights is an interesting discussion, and it certainly rules out any form of capitalist system, but it doesn't really apply in this discussion. Nobody is born with a right TO anything, but rather a right to NOT be coerced. The consequence of this is that you have the right to do whatever you want with your property (which includes your body and anything you do with that, i.e. work), as long as you don't interfere with other peoples right to do the same - i.e. coerce them. One important distinction between libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism is how to resolve conflicts that will inevitably be over property. A-C doesn't accept any state-like structures like police and courts, but libertarianism does, and the only people that get to coerce other people physically are the police, answering to the courts. > Giving thought to what you're doing does not necessitate a business plan. No, it IS a business plan, just not written down. It's not a given that a business plan need to have 15 pages of black magic numbers pulled out of anyones ass. Absolutely, we are. But Denmark is, along with the rest of "old Europe" going to wake up pretty soon and realize that the half bln. Chinese and Indian citizens that are moving into the middle class these years, are going to send their kid to college, and the white collar jobs are going to go the same way the blue collar jobs did over the past 20 years. Without a strong focus on wealth creation, instead of the constant preaching to the mediocre and the "good enough", we're not going to have much to show once the Chinese and Indians get started. In short: Prosperity is not a goal to attain, it's a continuous effort, and we just stopped trying. > After all, when your neighbor turns out to be a child predator, are you going to say, oh well, that's ok because he's been a good church-going fella for the past 30 years? A good deed doesn't undo an evil deed, surely - but the opposite isn't true. All the bad deeds in the world doesn't make your good deeds less good. Make it reverse. Give known IP addresses a better reputation that unknown. Consider four zones: 1: the last three IP addresses the user has used; 2: any IP address the user has used more than 5 times; 3: any visit that has a valid "I've been logged in as user NN" cookie (given with expiry:never on every login); and 4: everything else. Lockouts are per zone. Chances are that your average automated attacker is always in zone 4, and that your legitimate user is always in zones 1-3, and that they'll never bother each other. You can then make a policy that's three tries and you're out for three hours, unless you verify your e-mail address. 24 tries a day should be low enough that dictionary attacks are infeasible. OK. In that case someone needs to explain to me the central points, because I do not understand them at all. a) No, law enforcement is necessary to maintain property rights, and is only applied when that right isn't respected (otherwise there is hardly rule of law) - but a society with no property rights can still have a very brutal police force. I don't see the connection here. b) If someone is free too coerce anyone he owns, and he can arbitrarily choose who he owns, then he is free to coerce everybody. It's a tautology, but not a very useful one. Are you serious? Talk about having a fun idea and then totally dropping the ball. That article is a bit on the edge, it should be said. But, by and large, his points are valid. Most importantly, most parties aren't communist, they are "social democratic", definitely very left leaning compared to anything. There is a general (far from thorough) respect for private property, something you wouldn't expect from communists. I call strawman. The government confiscates citizens money at the point of a gun, and at least some of it goes to frivolous spending, and that's nothing but waste - and that's Ayn Rands premise which you said nothing to counter. In summary: - Become better at advertising - Sell completely unrelated crap (water, gear, hardware, phone), because they've got a good brand and advertising platform - Charge users and developers, "somehow" (great advise, thank you!) - Sell their data (anonymously, though) - Advertise more (pretty contrary to the claim that they have a brilliant, under-utilized advertising platform) - Be something else (corporate intranet, dev. payment platform, eBay, Skype, Second Life (WTF?!), Online bank, cloud storage, Tor network, physical loyalty card) Basically: There is no Facebook business model, besides the one they already figured out (advertising) and can't make work, and the one about selling their data, that users had a strong antipathy of (beacon). Becoming a corporate intranet is a little viable, but it doesn't really leverage the Facebook network. A corporate intranet doesn't need the network effect that is really the cores of Facebook. They have Active Directory. > Dr Wissner-Gross's study claims that two Google searches on a desktop computer produces 14g of CO2 .. it sounds a lot like NOT performing two Google searches on a desktop computer would produce between 13-14g of CO2. I read in another article that some other study tried to factor wether or not you would need to start your computer up or not .. and how far around the world the data would have to travel. I may just be cynical, but this sounds alot like an attempt to make ordinary people feel guilty about killing the planet, just by living -- in turn to make them turn to the whole buying indulgences for your climate sins (including Googling, apparently) trend. The cost/benefit analysis for slavery changed because the coefficients for several variables on the slave-side changed away from 0. The green lobby often measures cost in "oh, we're so rich and privileged anyway and any amount of emissions that's less than before is worth it"... I.e. unrealistic coefficients. We're simply not at the point where a few grams of CO2 here and there is death or survival in 2050. In reality, society is interested in solutions with the highest reduced emissions pr. cost-unit, but the green lobby don't seem to be too interested in giving those out. Yep, they're nice. One thing though, when there's direct light, what's written on the surface casts a shadow on the painted back-side. It looks a bit odd. Also, the same effect results in a fuzzy picture when the glass board is used as a projector screen. I'd love to experiment with back-lighting the glass board. If would eliminate the shadow-problem, and look pretty neat, I think. Yeah, fun for the million or so first users, not so much for the next 2 billion. I specifically remember hating those numbers (because I always forgot mine) and being spitefully relieved to switch to MSN Messenger when that came out. Excelling in your field gets noticed. It did when I was a d*mn good dishwasher. Had I chosen to, that could easily had been my ticket into a some kind of catering career. I prioritized college, though, so now I'm just a mediocre procrastinator :) Unless you tell them that they're testing a new hockey-stick design. It's made from a nano-aluminium InnoStrength 2000 alloy, boys! If anyone asks about the odd-looking pad, tell them it's fitted with sensors. I ran into a problem at a previous job with the catch-code in the "global" try block in an ASP.Net app, itself throwing an exception. IIS just dies with a 8-digit hex code that according to MSDN means pretty much whatever ("try some or all of these 15 different possible solutions"). It took a few days working the support, and I did get on a conference call with some brilliant people, and they figured it out quickly - using a (forget its name) debugger that talks directly to the CRL (which the one in Visual Studio apparently doesn't). All this because (I think) something somewhere in that stack decided to "protect" me from the cause of the error. This is generally my problem with Microsoft. No so much the arbitrary discussion of whether or not it sucks, but the difficulty of getting under its helmet, which tends to make problems much bigger than they ought to be. And yes, I DO know it's incredibly bad design to put so much code in a global catch-block that it can fail. > There's no rules on data though so people get screwed that way. To the max. €7/MB when roaming is pretty average in western Europe. I havn't seen a pan-Europe flat-rate dataplan. That's not even the worst part, it that there's a minimum 50kb charge pr. connection. Ick. Interesting thing is, they route the data via my "home" network, instead of just dumping it on the nearest internet connection. The current reality: CEOs trying to lower market expectations, rather than meeting them, gets run-over by swift game-changing strategies. Blink while Android and iPhone gets their acts together, and you're dead. 1: Either out of sight, or not there. With a density like that, what would a sniper do? Snipers are good for covering open ground, not what probably the most densely crowded area in America. Good screening and lots and lots of manpower on the ground is the only thing that works. 2: Pictures like this. Innovation doesn't happen in a room where 5.000 mediaoutlets try to hash out the photo-policy they want for a given event. Btw. it's probably more like 50 that gets up close. AP and others do exactly what you're suggesting. First impression: Nowhere near enough swearwords :) Also, if I type "trim" and hit enter, I get imagick_trimimage. If there's an exact match, I very much probably want that. ...there is an established common boundary that both drivers and riders respect and must stay within The laser-projector is mounted on the bike, so I guess the bikelane goes whereever the bike does? This, combined with the vigilante-ness of the idea, seems to be a dangerous cocktail when bikers start acting immortal. If a desktop client is an option, so is "use [Firefox|Safari|IE7+] is access this app, or live with slightly less polished UI. kthxbye." The market is heartless, for the same reasons government isn't - the hearts of the citizens. Markets don't feel, because they need to reflect the feelings of stakeholders, politicians do feel because they are increasingly elected to impose their feelings on citizens. One thing is being angry with the whole car, another is spitting the owner of the bodyshop down on main street in the face for taking his family to Florida. > Frankly I fail to see how this matters today or what kind of app he envisions where it could matter in the future. > After all I cannot imagine a traffic pattern that would "flicker" at a second or even subsecond rate. The app he's describing in the article: testing of his product. If done on 400 machines in parallel, it would take 2 min 36 sec, or 1.040 machine minutes. But he don't want to pay for 24.000 machine minutes, so he's opting for the the closer to one hour option, saving a lot of money, but failing at his objective: make the deployment (of which testing is a sub-process) as short as possible. My thought exactly .. where did the grid go? It was all the rage a few years ago. Anyway, six minutes or not six minutes. An EC2 image, once shut down, is available to put back in production immediately, so I don't agree with Fitz' prediction that it'll take almost five years to get to 6 minutes intervals. As soon as Amazon realizes this usecase, why wouldn't they slash the billing interval? It would seem that our hours is chosen because it's easier to manage, and their initial use case was host of apps with peak periods - not one-off parallel tasks. A quick google reveals serveral Flickr for Facebooks apps.. but I think a major value-driver for photos on FB is tagging of friends, and the "see all photos of..", "see photos of NN and me" features, and I think those are difficult/impossible to tap into without using FB's own photo app (although I don't know). An idea could be to make an app that will upload deliberately crippled (low resolution, watermark), yet recognizable, pictures to FB, and a high-quality copy on Flickr, so tags work, but when you go the to picture, there's a note "I won't let FB own my stuff, see a high quality version of this pic on (Flickr-link) that I own. Posted by CoolPhotoApp.".. Don't let clients anywhere near their own domains and hosting. Before you know it, you're drenched in trouble, trying to get some hack-cheap-registrar to unlock domains or whatever, while the client is desperate because his e-mail doesn't work, or figuring out why the website broke, only to find out the boss's nephew tried to install a BT tracker on the site, and by the way, no, he doesn't have a backup, didn't you take care of that? Get a small VPS at SliceHost and host the sites yourself. Forward their e-mail to GMail accounts, or setup apps for your domain. Charge $20 a month, paid a year in advance. One billing round a year, if it takes you more than half a morning, you're doing it wrong. The only point of contact the client has is you, the only bill he gets is from you, and you're pretty soon pocketing a few $100 a month simply by not screwing up the server. No, I meant charge $20 for everything from the client, and host them all on the same slice. A 256 vps easily hosts 10s of low traffic sites. Local business usually means mostly static, and on the scale of dozens of visits a week. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1 Well, extrapolate the data, from a largely rural society where you could get through life without ever reading a single word, and today, where literacy is held in somewhat higher regard, and the effect of mandatory education on literacy rates doesn't look that profound. I'd say the basic introduction to liberal arts and natural sciences are much better arguments for mandatory education than literacy rates. As I understand it, "absolute truth" refers to when all actors in all interactions know and understand everything relevant to their interactions - and that will obtain the theoretical optimal equilibrium. Problem is, to know everything relevant, you must know everything - otherwise, how do you know that what you don't know isn't relevant? Since this is obviously not possible, you strive for the best approximation. Sovjet-style communism attempted to set up a political system to handle all this knowledge, and failed miserably. Free market capitalism, with free price formation and supply and demand seems to be an orders-of-magnitude better approximation. The promise of the cloud was a goodbye to limits. Deploy to the cloud, and you'll never run out of anything. Ever. Amazon (, promise of): We add resources faster than you can use them, kthxbye. Google apps: Hit the once-in-a-lifetime really, really big one, and we'll be serving up 503's to your customers instead of writing invoices to you. Oh, and if it's sustained we might need you to spend critical time re-deploying to a different architecture. > “That’s just not acceptable,” said Matt Cain, an analyst at Gartner, the IT consultants. “It was poor thinking-through of a code change. In a corporate environment, you can’t just tell your CEO it was bad luck.” And that's the sad part. In a corporate environment, you need to go tell your CEO that it was your subordinates fault, for being incompetent, that your $1 mio e-mail infrastructure went belly-up for a whole day, and it took three man-weeks in overtime to fix it, and that the subordinate was fired, and that you're going to spend $5k hiring a new guy, who's probably less qualified. On the other hand, to say that the corporations zero-maintenance $50/year Google accounts was down for an hour, and it was bad luck, is just plain unacceptable. That's obvious. Touch-sensitive black/whiteboard and Twiddla replay? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=496331 > The marginal cost of printing another copy of the WSJ is low relative to the SG&A costs of running a newsroom The concept of "free" and "eyeball economy" probably came from newspapers, because that's the paperless version of the newspaper business model: Newspapers are in the business of putting ads and classifieds in front of your eyes, not delivering news to paying customers. Now, I can't find the reference, but I read recently that the subscription of a major newspaper (might have been WaPo or NYT) doesn't even cover the paper it's printed on, much less the delivery or the newsroom. I don't understand how Facebook isn't running a billion-dollar ultra-segmented advertisement business, I would think they had the user data for it. Probably a privacy issue. To cite another grossly biased and unscientific metric: last time facebook changed their design, I was flooded with invitations to join groups protesting it ("1 mio strong against", "Say no to" and so on). This time around, not one. At least my 300 friends don't care enough to invite me to join them in a protest. No. 1 thing about Django that annoys me(1) is that the Admin-interface, in all it's awesomeness isn't modular and pluggable. I want to put CRUD+filtering lists on the non-admin part of the site, and can't seems to find a non-hacky way of doing it. (1) The list thins out a lot after than. I agree with Zed that the apps-in-a-site structure is very cool. Cute. An artefact from a time when text was still written on the assumption that the primary consumption would happen through print. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=303780 Not really :) http://searchyc.com/condom At my previous work (.NET shop) the entire IT department switched to an English Windows and Visual Studio, for the simple reason that it was impossible to Google errormessages in Danish. It was a significant boost of productivity and morale. Re. Danish - at my first day at Comp Sci at Tech. U of Denmark, I had no clue what this "oversætter" (literally "translator") they were talking about was. Turned out to be term coined in the 1970's for what I knew as a compiler. Esp. among older staff there, they still use the Danish term. When Dijkstra said what he did, programmers made computers process data in an environment with a very high data/cycles ratio, and doing that efficiently has a pretty large intersection with math. Today, there are very few environments that has a higher data/cycles ratio than anyehere in the Apollo program in the '60, and most of the "hard" problems you'll run in to on a day to day basis have been commoditized - you'll be hard pressed to find a programming language where quicksort is even marginally hard to get to. Projects like My/PostgreSQL, Lucene and so on makes fulltext searches over very large corpuses of data crazy simple, even on consumer hardware. When I did a Scientific Computing project in college three years ago, we ran out of data long before our laptop fans came on. Math matters in computer science, but tooling is moving the "competent programmer"-demography farther and farther away from the "computer science"-demography. And that is a good thing, just like the separation of programmer and user which happened in the early 80's (I guess) Final thought: A former boss once told me, regarding education, that he knew plenty of very good, but no really great, programmers that didn't go to college for math and/or comp.sci. If Microsoft is serious about being nice to the internet, they need to release a plugin for IE7 and 8 that makes it act exactly like IE6 for selected sites, and "regular" IE for everything else. Enter some whitelisting of sites, to avoid using the plugin as an attack vector for bad things, and there should be a chance we could all move on. Oh, eh, no? There are a few very nice ones in there, but aren't we over the phase where OMG OMG OMG more than one monitor - and not much else, it seems - is impressive? Legalese is English (or whatever language) evolved by trial and error over several decades to be as unambiguous as possible. Thing is, contracts are for when you get in a fight, and once you're there, figuring out in a fair manner what spirit you were in when signing is an incredibly hard problem. If this is a good-faith effort, it'd make sense to make it configurable, like the HTTP proxies that ISPs were running back in the day. I'd start a bunch of buzzword-heavy .com's and cash out late 1999. Then I'd go into real estate and cash out in 2007. Then I'd retire. As committed as ever: Oracle will still run on a small selection of RHEL releases. /sarcasm A webcast of the conference call is referred to, but I can't find it on Oracles investor website. Anyone know where it is? In the conference call they talked about operating Sun at a significantly higher margin, and talked only about Java/Solaris/Sparc/Storage + Oracle synergy. The sum of references to open source was, "oh yeah, and Oracle still runs on Linux". I'm a bit of a pessimist, but I'd expect to see serious downscaling of FOSS at Sun. Exactly. I went to www.oracle.com/investor and couldn't find it. Then don't be a PHB. PHB is a stereotype and a caricature. Being a good leader is all about people skills, and what you're looking for sounds a lot like what a project manager could do. Note "could": once you step up to management, you become the chief architect of your own job. If you project PHB on it, that that's what you'll be. IANA chemist, but couldn't you solve the oxidation problems by getting rid of the oxygen? In the article, he talks of a vacuum to avoid friction. > Additionally, signal directional markings are provided for optimum signal transfer. That's my favorite feature. > I think there's a quiet majority of people out there who are perfectly happy with Windows I think there's a quiet majority out there who's never tried anything but Windows, and think of their computer as nothing more than a tool, completely oblivious to such abstractions as operating systems. The color scheme doens't exactly inspire trust in the kind of people who needs to be told this. Also, I think this explanation is better: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_(computing)#Controversy_... Many companies have a big expensive oracle-dependant app running, and would rather not have to bother too much. Today they have to get machines from one vendor, OS'es from another, storage from a third, networking from (you get the picture...) - or, get it all from an expensive third party consultant. With this setup, Oracle can send a salesman with a spreadsheet to those companies and plot in how much computing power is needed and how much storage is needed, and have it spit out an integrated, supportable solution, build completely from Sun/Oracle components. When they run out of capacity, one way or the other, it's more-or-less instantly pluggable. Oracle is no longer a software application, it's an appliance.