I think there is this big confusion about jobs and money. And that the psychological view is overlooked. We want to feel important. And we want freedom to do whatever we want to do. While automation gives more freedom, it makes us feel less important? What we can do with a washing machine, everyone else can do too. But the question is, do they want to? With more automation we will see more and more services. And even more possibilities. The reason why you understand this better then numbers might be because you are more visual orientated. The web is for information. It was not made to emulate desktop or mobile applications. That said. Information can mean many things. And there will be hybrids. You can do offline apps in HTML+CSS+JS right now, but it's a PITA: var a = document.createElement("a"); a.appendChild(document.createTextNode("hacker news"); a.setAttribute("href", " https://news.ycombinator.com/ "); If your app contains information, it's best suited for the www. But if it only contains a canvas, it's more suited as a native app. The problem you see is what I like about the language. The javascript languages is great because I'm not forced into other peoples way of thinking. With javascript I can choose my own paradigms. module system: You can implement your own. Node JS has one built in. verbose syntax: Use an editor that support macros. But compared to dot net and Java, the JS syntax is not verbose at all. getters and setters: I actually love not having to to write getters and setters every time I want to add a property. One important part in JS though is good naming. You can't get away with naming everything x, y, z, a, b, c, etc. Once you figure out that everything in JS is objects, it will be much easier. What is happening, but going so slow we do not notice it. Is that the www is merging with the application. What annoys me though, is that we still use "word", "excel" and PDF. Well not me, but everyone else seem to do it. The HTML was a good invention, but too bad so few people use it. Maybe hyper text sounds too old and and maybe a sexier name is all it needs to become popular again. I'd say blame the people that don't want more then 10 Mbit. And think that everyone who has 10+ Mbit only use it for "illegal activities". What's with the Node JS architecture that makes it not suitable for compute-heavy tasks? I'm developing an MMO server in Node JS. So this is welcome in for example Vector calculations. The reason I choose JS is that I can write "dumbed down" code, that just anyone with JS experience can manage. Hopefully, JS will be just as fast as optimized C++ in the near future ... First you will ignore it, then laughs at it ... In Node JS you can spawn child processes. It's also designed to be asynchronous. But what I like about JS is that it doesn't force me into paradigms. And when you run something heavy in Node JS the VM can use many threads. So I think it's weird to say it's single threaded. Aren't all programming languages single threaded then? These losers wouldn't even dare to touch a RL girl. Even though it would be perfectly legal to have sex with someone as young as 16 or even 12 in many countries. So why make their lives any more miserable? Those who abuse girls IRL should burn in hell though. It makes sense so ship an editor with a reader. So that you can communicate both ways, both create and consume. Now we only need a way to share! Does this mean we can run JS on embedded systems / low cost CPU ? That would be awesome. I think what happens with all intermediate or senior programmers is that we start to think about the best solution instead of just getting the job done. Most code we write will either not be used or eventually rewritten anyways. Try Kerbal Space Program. If you do multi line strings you could probably do it in a smarter way. Examples: appendChild instead of innerHTML .html file instead of html inside a .js file. .css file instead of css inside a .js file. It can get very messy if you store "data" inside JS. Especially if you store markup or styling in the JS. The program is probably hooking into the web browser, because you need to start some Origin games (BF 3) via the browser! Yeh, I'm not joking. A similar thing happened for me with Googleupdate.exe it scanned all my hard drives ... They don't do it any more but I still remove googleupdate.exe every time it magically gets installed on my system. What are total human height doing there? And what is it? Btw, US get more tax revenue every year then there are galaxies in the universe ... I failed PC in HS. I'm the only one who took that class that is a computer professional today. These classes only scare people away from computers. It would be far more effective teaching "hacks" and how to find information on the Internet. What is it in hexadecimal? What I think would be a limited factor is the bandwidth: You need at least 35 megabit per second for streaming full HD video+sound ... While most people are stuck on 5 Mbit Internet or 50 GB/month quota. One of the problems with encrypting almost everything, even pictures of your dog, is that it no longer brings suspicion ... And programs like these can send any information without you knowing about it. Encrypted data is not a security protection, it's a security risk! Because you have no idea what information they send. Probably a lot more then they tell you, because there's no way you can find out. A friend of mine lost the left side of his brain ... And he's all right now! This needs to be ported to JavaScript, or at least update the Math library to include Vectors. What many people seem to overlook is that gravity is linked to time (space time)! So instead of the "black hole" being massive, it could be that time is running fast! When astronomers measure the mass of the black hole, they simply measure the acceleration of nearby stars, using newton's formula. They might use fancy words, but the math is very basic. Now, if time ran faster, like if you made the measurements while accidentally having the video speed in fast forward. The stars would accelerate faster, and you would get a higher mass. While multitasking is bad for productivity, most workplaces require multitasking ... Some people even perform better while multi-tasking. So I think it varies a lot from person to person. Sometimes I wonder if ppl actually know there's more stuff in the world then what the eye can see. Like that there's more stuff in the universe, then just the glowing stars. > I can buy the game new with free prime shipping for $17.99 which makes the "rent 90 days for $30" rather odd I would say the 90 days is the "evil" option, because it makes the others seem like a bargain. There's a lot of psychological in in sales because it's almost impossible to "value" something. All you can do is to compare it to market prices. I especially like the "and get something extra for FREE" trick. :P Doesn't all modern programming languages has Loose typing? It allows more abstraction. Like for example in JavaScript where a object can be anything! I wonder about the legal aspect of this, since Diplomacy is a fairly modern game. Do they have permission from the creator of Diplomacy? Or is it fully legal to take a board game and make a web version of it? One side of taxing work is that it creates an incentive for automation. What I find interesting is that many papers use references from the 70's and some times even 100 years old, in where they used very crude tools to come to certain conclusions. I'm not saying we should discard old science discoveries, but it would be interesting redoing the experiments with today's technology. I've been thinking about this (JavaScript object persistent storage) for a while: The dilemma is circular objects and the prototype chain. What should be taken from the run-time and what should be taken from the persistent object? So if they aren't falling. What are they doing? I can't believe OCR has not been solved yet. The only one even close is OmniPage. In the past, when I used to cheat at various web games by running scripts, this would've been a wet dream. When making gravity simulations you need to "cheat" a little to make the planets and the stars keep a stable orbit. It makes one amaze over how stable our own star system is. Wouldn't it be much easier if lets-encrypt just created the .crt .key files!? Rather then set it up automagically. You could have it run once a year via crontab. I would like to keep the control of my .conf files. I don't know any games besides chess and tic tac toe where a bot have been able to beat a good player ... I did some testing a while ago in V8 engine and didn't see any performance benefits using bitwise operations. It seems the engine do these optimizations anyway! I wouldn't recommend anyone doing optimizations in especially JavaScript unless it's really needed. Remember that optimizations are the root of all evil! With the Opera browser it takes over a second to load the GUI whenever I click something, and the overall design looks like it has been made by someone making his/her first homepage. No wonder they decided to use something that encourage in-line HTML where code and design get entangled like a pile of spaghetti - making it almost impossible to maintain. In the last years JavaScript has exploded with new frameworks and "compile to JS languages". But I have yet seen anything close to usable. Maybe it's because I've become "speed blind" after coding JS for over 15 years. I do not see all the problems ppl see in JavaScript, until I look at code written by beginners that seem to use every framework out there, and over-complicate the code, and naming everything with one letter variables and the name of their favorite pizzas. Lets say you have a bunch of textures and want to create a pattern for each of them. Most people would do it like this: for(var i=0; i Witch will summon the evil closure: for(var i=0; i But if you used my silver bullet: Avoid anonymous functions - the root of evil ... for(var i=0; i The web page looks like a marketing scam ... At least show me a presentation or developing video. When I watch or listen to anything for the second time I only get about 75% of the enjoyment out of it. But it might be something wrong with me ... Possible because they don't want USA/NSA to read their mail. And probably because they can't force Google to let them read "their" mail. Kinda exactly like HN works, very addictive! Interesting observation. I think, the more abstraction, the more productive you can be. This is the best article I've read in years. This guy understands economics, design, copy-writing and apparently knows how to code. What usually would need a whole team of highly educated professionals he seems to do all by himself ... I really enjoyed Spotify and had many play-lists with my favorite music. But when the discovery of new music declined and I got bored with my play-lists I closed the account and have never opened it again. The curve never go up, but with some songs it have flattened and those are my favorites. But it has more to to with the feelings associated to those pieces then the music itself. It would be interesting to work on Amazon and decide how many off-line CPU's you should have ready to "spin up" if needed ... Also considering Moore's law. Selling to private persons is a bureaucratic nightmare in EU! If you managed to market your app and managed to get paid, you now have to be registered for VAT in the country you are selling to. And there are tons of rules like 10 day money back return that are enforced by law in most countries. If you serve adds (or crapware) instead, you get a monthly paycheck witch require minimal accounting work or customer support. NW.js has both the Browser JavaScript API's and the Node.js API's. It is bleeding edge technology witch enable you to make desktop applications the same way you make web apps. It can be weird if you are used to HTTP server > client as it's possible within a script tag to use Node.js API's. An advantage with going desktop instead of browser is that you can do much more and it's easier to sell your application. There are for example already games on Steam that are just web apps, but using NW and run "natively" on the desktop. You do not need an SDK, or full blown IDE, just use your usual tools. I program in Notepad myself. Just write html and JS files and treat NW as just another browser. Then package and distribute your app and the user wont notice or care that they are using a "browser". Compared to the Canvas 2d API, OpenGL is VERY hard to get into. It's very low level compared to the rest of the browser API's. It's a very sad story behind this. How they marketed directly to the DayZ community claiming that their game would be 10 times better then DayZ. Basically trying to over-run Dean Hall, the one man developer of DayZ, who had it very though at the time, with a horde of angry gamers demanding updates. Dean was basically making nothing developing DayZ because he wasn't allowed to monetize it (because it was a Arma2 mod). While the War-Z team made tons of cache on pre-purchases even before their game had been released. The War-Z totally deserved the shit-storm when players discovered they didn't even live up to half of all the promises and hype. Why don't you use sublime while "editing somewhere else"? Make sure you start high then request a 5% raise Every year! If you wait five years and request 25% it's Never gonna happen! If possible, try to get 2.5% every six month. Thanks! I was hopping someone would interpret that. Also, your boss probably hates these talks just like you do, and want to get you out of the room as fast as possible. So go low and often. Most people will actually endure a sign-up process. We are so used to it. But you should stop asking for an e-mail address! Or make it optional. I always start "backwards" by writing some example code. QBasic was also how I started programming. When I found out you can edit the code ... I printed programs on the school printer. Then typed it in when I got home, as we did not have any Internet. Sometimes I got banned for printing non-school-work. I've heard similar stories from people printing machine code, so I guess it wasn't that bad writing QBasic. This is very impressive! The most advanced JS 2d rigid body physics engine to date! You can do a lot of optimization though, probably double the speed. Tip: V8 loves objects and hates parsing strings. Your functional spaghetti style is a bit weird though. I hate using the "find in file" function in my editor. I wanted to "rip" some of the functionality, but it's so entangled I would probably need all your other functions too to make it work. But maybe that's intended :P Many people, me included, would be willing to pay for an engine like this. I tried your "Game physics for beginners" but I'm too stupid to understand all the articles from math professors. I could probably learn, but I rather pay someone who understands. But for me to use your engine, the API needs to be much easier! Something like this: var box1 = new Body(size, position); var world = new World({gravity: 9.8}); world.add(box1); world.render(); console.log('New position: ' + box1.position); Box2D is ported from C++ to Flash and then from ActionScript to JavaScript. So it might be slow to get updates and bug fixes. But it looks usable and seems to have the same features as Matter.js Math is good for explaining some logic, but I wish it was more verbose and used less global scope. Probably they are changing business plan to take 25-30% of each app ever sold for the OS instead of just charging for the OS itself. Finally, you do not have to port your app to all devices. And hopefully you, as a user will be able to control how much access each app has to the computer. Imagine buying a new smart-phone with lets say Android, then you install Windows 10 on it instead and everything just works. The only problem I see is that they need to make the SDK easier for me to start making native apps instead of web apps. Especially the UI part. The computer could probably store moves that ended up in a win. Or collecting statistics on what moves have a higher chance ending up in a win. Maybe sexual education should include computer security too. Now when many people have relations over the Internet. Just like you learn to protect yourself with condoms, you should also learn to protect yourself with strong passwords and encryption. Google can not see JS-rendered stuff. They only do simple HTTP-requests. Googlebot doesn't even load the .js files ... Try searching your http log for \.js.*Googlebot Write simpler code. Wasn't the goal of windows 10 to run on any system?? I don't get it ... But hey, it took about six month for me to figure out how to write asynchronous JavaScript ... The key is to not use anonymous functions, it will flatten out the "Christmas tree" of callbacks. And it makes it possible to read what the code does, or at least what the programmer wants the code to do. It's much better then "then", then what, but, then, why complicate things when it's actually possible to be verbose. For composability in JS I use small utility modules like "inOrder": function beforeWifeComesHome() { takeTheTrashOut(); function takeTheTrashOut() { inOrder([openDoor, goOut, emptyTrash, goIn, closeDoor]); } } But it would be easier to let the compiler take care of the async calls and insert callbacks automatically so that you can think synchronously while the program works asynchronously. And if you want to run stuff in parallel you should use child processes. The more your learn, the more there is to learn! Have a look at: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... http://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es5/#Object.definePrope... I'm currently working on a data persistence module with database backend in Node.js using Object.defineProperty that define get and set. Metrics alone is not worth much. But if the app could help you optimize for higher gains, it would make it valuable. The police are usually very trigger happy in these situations. This is very dangerous and could easily get someone killed! Effective 20 November 2013, Google Checkout is shut down and no longer processing payments. So how can I receive money now? More then people sending via gmail? Thinking about that metaphor. I guess our current network is built for low latency, not high bandwidth!? Trying not to offensive. Two years ago I would find this useful. But I'm so glad I learned Node.js where this can be accomplished with high level sockjs module and nginx in less then five minutes. https://github.com/sockjs But for most people that would be 4 Years at a sub-par pay, while the employer would make six figures off your work and then when you humbly ask for a raise thinking you've earned it they'll say; "sorry, not possible.". Most people will appreciate stability more then language features. I'm a bit surprised about some of the comments here. I think mostly about the end users, those who depend on the software. The last thing you want is to get some weird errors because of a bug in the latest V8 engine. Those bugs tend to never show in development, and is not found in unit testing. But will show up in production when you have thousands of people using it. And there's often nothing you can do about them, then maybe downgrading, or wait for the next Node.JS version. I can see all sides of the arguments here. I do love API's, but I hate "frameworks", especially when they consist of useless functions like function _MY_framework.enterprise.displayMessageInConsole(msg) { console.log(msg); } That does something that would actually be easier in vanilla JS. All years of writing JS may have made me blind, but that's how I see most JS frameworks. Mostly useless. That said, manipulating the DOM in JS is a PITA. I can totally understand why you would want to do it another way. I guess the DOM is not meant to be manipulated with ... And breaks if JS is turned off. I think in the near future in maybe 5-6 years we'll see apps that are a mix of Browser and Native. That has the protected environment like a browser, that ask for permission to use hardware features, that can be accessed through high level API's, have native performance and run by typing an domain address much like WWW. Including the address to your page would help ;) Lets assume you get 100 ms higher latency with wireless. And you make around 100 clicks per day. Over your lifetime, you would have lost one hour of your life because you used wireless! When you are on the death bed you will think about all the things you could have used that hour for instead! Lets take it a step further and count everyone who is using wireless today, that would be millions of hours lost. Think about what those millions of hours could have been used for instead! That hour might be nothing for you, but for the whole humanity, it's a lot! When I make web apps today, the HTTP is only used to serve the client application. Basically, it would be equivalent of wget http://mydomain/myapp make run But with the benefit of running in a (browser's) protected environment .. The above would be OK in linux running jailed, but a possible catastrophe in Windows where you basically run everything with root (although that has and will probably change in later Windows releases). Once the "client" has been downloaded and running, all communications are done via Websockets. So it's no longer a HTTP-application or "REST". What makes it so convenient is that the user can both download and run the application in ONE click (no install, yet cached). Without worrying about malware, so I don't need their thrust. And the client can run on basically all devices and OS's, so no need for porting. WOW Thanks. There are some very good advice in there. Do you know any more articles in this area? Or how to manage a community in general!? I've tried and failed to get gammu wammu to work. Tried both an old usb stick and and old mobile phone. Can you recommend any usb stick that works with your program that cost less then $100 and can be ordered from the EU ? It has to support micro sim and both send and receive SMS. Here's an article about "speed matters" for those that don't think latency is important. http://blog.codinghorror.com/speed-still-matters/ Home automation is not something you can install yourself, unless you are a full stack programmer, and with full stack I mean also PCB's and micro-controllers. Surprisingly there's a lot of cheap consumer stuff out there, witch can easily be modified to do what you want. Some of them are "unhackable" though. The trick is to make everything automated. And use a high level language like JS to make it smart. Yes, I write my home automation in JavaScript :P One huge aspect of the problem is that the browser developers are in bed with the search engines. Whatever you type in the address bar, it will be redirected to Google or Bing. I would almost go so far as to say browsers and search engines are killing the web. It's no longer a web. People will tell you to not depend on the search engines. But what do you do now when you are blocked? Start advertising on AdWords? LOL! My advice is to build a community. Get people involved with your site, make them return often. This is some scary shit! JavaScript is a mainstream language. That means average people like myself can be very productive with it. It is easy to learn and it's easy to find people who can maintain JS code. But it seems you need to be an academic in programming languages just to figure out what these new features do, and why they are needed. I'm afraid that the rapid development will make it harder to learn the language. And will introduce a lot of pitfalls and edge cases. Or maybe I'm just afraid of change!? I've never read any programming books or taken any classes, I've just read a lot of code written by others and also written some myself. Here's my advice after 15 years of reading both brilliant and shitty JS code: a) Don't use anonymous functions ... You want your program to be easy to understand, so come up with a name for the function and put it as a sub-function at the bottom of the current function. b) I love the Nodejs implementation of modules and I would say it's the main reason behind Nodejs success. But it doesn't make sense in the HTTP world. Imagine having to download 100 dependency files each time you visit a webpage. c) I have a keyboard macro for " + + ". So if you don't save an extra keystroke, what's the deal? It might be useful if you have nasty habits like building HTML or SQL by concatenating strings though. (don't do that). d) Just declare your variables at the top of the function and stop worrying about scope, (while listening to Bobby McFerrin.) e) I can somewhat agree here. But where it's really needed you should make a copy or clone function. And if it's not really needed you shouldn't. Makes you write less complicated code because of laziness. f) Give it a name! function Car() {var car = this;} Or if you don't want people to understand your code: var that = this; g) You are probably trying to make your function do too much! If you Do want to have one function to rule them all, pass an object to it. h) It's possible to make async code intuitive. Stop using anonymous functions will help a lot! But it's not That easy. Promises is just another (ineffective; it just threats the symptoms) paradigm to reason with async code. i) We don't need classes. The prototype already work great. It might be hard to learn but once you understand it's brilliant! (I don't blame you if you never will, it's hard to learn an old dog to sit). I encourage you to use the paradigms you believe in, and also to try different solutions, and think outside the box. But don't force certain paradigms by changing the language itself. One exception being Node.js where you are forced into making modules. (but some people are stubborn and use Browserify to circumvent it). JS is like that Indian wonder kid who wanted to come up with a cure for cancer. Then he was invited to London. Where he met C, C++ and Java, who made him become ECMAScript. http://youtu.be/BSQf7SUxJVw I can't come up with a real world use for the .map function, but then I only use Arrays when I do evil things like writing optimized code. If I however would end up in a situation where I wanted to do: var odds = evens.map(v => v + 1); I would write this instead: var odds = increment(evens, n); But it's never as simple as this, evens would probably be some sort of async object and you probably want to call another function once the "incrementation" has completed. The only thing => does is to make the syntax more complex (and ugly) by saving a few keystrokes. And even worse, it's a treatment for a symptom from anonymous functions, that you shouldn't even use in the first place. And will be used everywhere, because we are lazy. But the time saved, will have to be used for mind juggling, to figure out what goes where in the syntax. That said, I don't think all new stuff is useless. For example Object.defineProperty (ES5) that actually Adds to the language, and makes it possible to do things you couldn't do before. Like defining a set function. I'll try to interpret the code ... You have an array of string values. You use the .map function to iterate through all the strings. For each string you change the string to whatever is returned from $(x).val() (basically just juggling data, you should make a real world example.) I have seen Jquery before so I know $ returns a document element. And if you pass # into it, it will return getElementById(). And .val() returns .value So my guess is that you want to get the values of hp, mp, gp, whatever that is. I don't understand why you want them in an array though!? Wouldn't it be better to store them in an associative array? So that you don't have to remember what position in the array points to what value. Try this instead: var signupForm = getFormData("signupForm"); alert( "Your name is " + signupForm["name"] ); Or without the abstraction: var name = document.getElementById("name").value; A little more characters to type, but you don't have to learn a framework to know what it does. A trick here is to use keyboard macros to do the boilerplate. Don't var PI = Math.PI because of laziness. An article about writing good code without any code examples. A new technique that I've seen is they do not link directly to their "money" site, they link to a page, that link to another page, that link to their money site. So if they manage to put a link on your blog, the next step is to make spam links to Your site. Google needs to scrap the pagerank and come up with another metric. Lately I've seen a drastic decrease in quality where 9 out of 10 pages in the top-10 is just garbage. Even if I copy a whole sentence from a site with low pagerank, it will be hidden deep in like page 4 o 5 in the google search result. You also need to take into account that most of the western countries have 20% or more in VAT taxes. So the split is more like 90/10. And they have to pay the credit card companies and for the bandwidth. I don't think Apple makes any money from the app store ... How hard would it be to make something like: This program wants to access your camera, mike, //home/personal, connect to irc://botnet.com, and install these dependencies: spyware1, 2, 3 Are you sure you want to install/run [insert innocent program]? I think that would be an better option then sand-boxing everything. Is it even possible for the OS to know if a program is using the webcam? If this was in real time, it would be even cooler! The polar regions seems a bit stretched out. Is the earth in perspective? Making the flight paths accurate!? Wouldn't that be illegal though? About the question about "this" in JavaScript. And how to "get rid of it". I always give it another name! Like car = this. Then I'll write car.engine instead of this.engine. It makes life much easier as I do not have to worry about "car" changing in sub-functions. And it's much easier to search and replace if I want to change the variable name. You can make it so that if a closed question gets an answer, the question will only be visible for the one making the question and the one answering the question. I prefer document.getElementById("myKitten") because it's easier to read and more describing then just $("#myKitten") If it's too long to type, and you use it often, make a macro for it. When naming stuff, keep it short and simple though. Also, you shouldn't hide logic behind names. I was actually wrong about evens.map(v => v + 1); If that's what you want to do, then write that. It's a thin line though, it might be hard to know what "v" is in that context. The majority of JS developers do not know what a scope is, what Destructuring and Rest + Spread means, what a generator does, and have never heard of Map + Set + WeakMap + WeakSet. Procrastination banished: * What EXACTLY would success look like? * What needs to be done NOW? Do the hard bits first! Then, the closer to the goal you get, the more ground you will cover faster. If the best time to do something was five years ago, the second best time to do it, is often now. ref: http://youtu.be/g9zWLDfysis I learned coding without books or the Internet and none to ask questions. I did have Internet at school though, where I printed tutorials and source code. Not being able to find answers forced me to think by myself and do trial and error. I believe that made me a batter coder. I actually feel a bit lazy now when I look up stuff on the Internet without even trying for myself first. Once you go Canvas, you never go back! I have nothing against search engines. What I'm concerned about is that many people do not use links or addresses, they just search! When people no longer use addresses to access stuff, the web will be broken. Crowd sourced search is actually not a bad idea! Most things are still discovered through mouth-to-mouth and sites like HN. Search engines has a long way to go before they can actually make better suggestions then humans. In the example she made fun of 1)black people 2) AIDS 3) White people. And possible offended all religious people in the world. What can possible go wrong? :P I hope they implement function parameter help and function list for JavaScript. I've turned off JavaScript in the browser. And only allow it for sites where I really need it. I though this day would never come. Haven't the script already won over the app? Instead of downloading and installing each app, you import / require the modules needed. There's one huge advantage with apps though, that they are easier to make money from. Wouldn't there be a noise problem when all signals are broadcasted as in radio transmission!? Unless you point it like with a laser or microwave. I would be hesitant putting a 1TB/s uplink next to my head. :P That must have been an exception to the rule though. If something is down-voted it has a significant higher chance of getting more down-votes and vice-versa. You might think "doh". But if you get down-voted, try deleting the post and post the exact same content twenty minutes later. You will be surprised. Watch some move about hackers and look what they are wearing. A few minutes into the movie there will be guy on a motorcycle or a sports car with a hot chick, that will be the main character and how you would like to dress like. ;) I tried that, but having just one bag was much faster. And saved me the mental processing of what goes into what bag. Sorry, I didn't mean discarded food, that would be gross. I mean litter. Stuff that you are going to throw out. Like papers, boxes, envelopes, etc. Isn't the point of JS that you do not need an SDK!? If I need to use something else then notepad to write a program for FFOS - that would be a big turn-off. From coaching and positive psychology, it wouldn't surprise me if there are ten more apps just like this one ... Or it's a new market opening up! Either case, you seem to have an opportunity here. You should start with a business plan! Do not worry about the bugs right now. An idea for business plan is that you can let people get a kickback for each purchase they referrer. You can start with the ones giving you feedback. After some sense of market and estimated budget you should hire a freelancer. Not trying to offend you here, but you have been working on this for six month, a freelancer would probable be able to fix the bugs in six hours for $15 an hour or less. If I was in the phone app business I would probably rip off your idea and have an app out by tomorrow :P Easy. You just get message from the people you "follow". So if you want to send a message to someone, you must make them add you to their "list" first. I thought the whole point of Firefox OS was that the hardware layer would be accessed through JS API's like window.ondevicemotion, Canvas, navigator.geolocation, window.DeviceOrientationEvent, navigator.getUserMedia, navigator.vibrate, 'devicelight', navigator.battery.level, SMS, contactList, etc. And that the Firefox team would add even more features that can be accessed from the VM layer. And making the Firefox OS the most secure OS by adding app permissions. And that the VM could not be bypassed unless the computer gets re-flashed. This might sound funny, but considering Moore's law and where we currently are on that exponential curve, making a fully virtual OS will be the next step in the PC evolution. You shouldn't have to write low level interrupts or accept that apps need full root access anymore. The nice thing about JS is that it has so many "religions". But some people think there should only be ONE religion. While One religion would be easier for newbies, destroying all other religions would kill the language. So can we just agree that many religions are nice. It's OK to try and convert people, but it's Not OK to force someone by changing the language itself. With that said, I'm a bit worried about more and more religions entering the JS language. Like classes and block scope (ES6). And how some, both good and bad new features are forever changing the language. I'm also working on a noSQL database. What I'm struggling with is the abstraction for searches/filters. For example, if you want to get all books with "beginner" in the title, in SQL it would look something like: "SELECT * FROM books WHERE title LIKE %beginner%" Where in no-SQL it would look like book.filter({title: ["like", "beginner"]}); Any ideas on how to abstract the filtering in a more clear way? It's a bit weird what's qualified as a browser based game now a days. For me it's still CGI/Perl/PHP and maybe some JS. :P You barely see those kind of games any more. Now it's mainly plugins and it makes me a bit sad. Why does it Need to run in the browser? What's the point with the browser if you are gonna use plugins anyway? Why not make a "native" game instead!? Yeh, you Only have to download and install Firefox first. > "ephemeral sandboxed apps launchable from URLs" That's where we must eventually head in the future. Too bad we are light-years away. We probably have to re-design the PC from scratch to be able to do that. There's a reason why browsers don't offer the same functionality that "plugins" do. And that's because of security. With "plugins", you are not any more secure then if you would download and run an executable. Considering how the freeware market looks today, when even companies like Oracle and Adobe package their free apps with crapware ... And corporations like Google and Facebook monetizing private data ... There's more reasons then ever to be concerned about security. Get a cheap VPS somewhere and let it do all the Internet things like mail and stuff. Or use free services. You can communicate just fine using just text. It all sounds like you are not living in the reality though. And the lack of good Internet is just mental excuse for the real problems, that you are too afraid to face. I did try the demos in the New Opera browser witch is as close as "browsers like Chrome" you can get. But it didn't work. I do not think an automatic web scraper can decide what's "mobile friendly" or not. The HN site was just fine before they decided to do what Google classifies as mobile friendly - totally ruining my experience browsing HN. You shouldn't design a web page to satisfy Google, you should design it to satisfy your users. Even Google itself has said that. But yet they force Webmasters to make certain changes, and in some cases like HN, making the mobile experience much worse. Try the apps out and use them for a while. You will soon know what is wrong. But sometimes, it's just about timing and luck. As an example, articles on HN often get reposted. And the amount of up-votes they receive can vary a lot. Some times front news articles are re-posts from last month that didn't receive any up-votes. Best thing would be using a password protected key like in SSH. It should be baked in to SSL somehow to make it easier to password protect web apps. It's a bit ironic that Yahoo changed their password policy so that I need to have at least two numbers and different caps and something like max ten characters. Making it impossible to remember the password. I always use something like "magicunicornridingsousages" witch I find both easy to remember and long enough to prevent brute force. Too bad Yahoo wont allow it. This is a hit or miss. Say they are looking for a C coder. A bad recruiter (most of them) would just discard this as he/she wouldn't even recognize it as C code, just some junk not fitting into his/her template. A good recruiter though, or if a recruiter wasn't used - they would see this as smart and creative and definitely get you an interview. I've seen companies shutting down/relocated because of bad recruiters filtering good programmers like this. I come from the training business. Where coaches, personal trainers and their followers like to praise their training methods and say other methods are not only stupid but can even hurt you. The thing they do not understand though is that what works on one individual might not be the best for everyone. And that we are all different and the best approach is to tailor the tools for what suits the exercise and the individual. Now when I'm into technology I see the exact thing and I'm just like face->palm . So I guess this exist in all fields. My advice for someone new in the field is to listen to what the veterans say, try some stuff out. Then make up your own opinion and use the stuff that works best for You and the task at hand. Today I received another letter for a site that has a separate mobile page. It appears that the Google bot is unable to find the mobile version. I highly doubt Google check CSS to find colors - they probably just check for tags. Google and other search engines are incredibly easy to hack. Do you seriously think they render every site they crawl!? That said, Google is still the best search engine. They have just become Too greedy, forcing Webmasters into design paradigms. Just because they saw an increase in ad revenue doing so. Witch probably had nothing to do with the design change - people probably just spent a bit more on adwords after receiving the warning. Makes me feel bad for not writing tests. There's very little done for code analyze in JS, I can't even find an editor that gives me function parameter hints And show me a list of functions. I have even considered making my own editor. Coding without such tools force me to write code that is easy to manage and review though. I have JS turned off due to paranoia. And surprisingly, most web sites Do work without it! I also do not miss all the ads and other annoying stuff. Even budget servers now a day can handle thousands of requests per second, so there is no benefit in offloading "server stuff" to the browser client. I do have to add some sites to the white list though. One of the great things about JS is that you can (unless minified) look at the source code. That's how I have learned JS and are still learning! Most times when looking at other peoples code you learn how not to code though ... But once in a while you find a gem and a light bulb lights up in your head. Personally I've never felt the need to use a framework, but I can see how it can be useful, like if your team has little experience. Then a well documented road map might be useful. But not so fun if you decide to go by foot. I'm stúck at Loaded: 83% using Opera browser. This is built using Three.js ... I've seen tons of cool Three.js demons, even tried doing some stuff myself, but not that many actual games. It seems webGL is too bleeding edge. Maybe when the WebGL spec. is final and implemented in the major browsers I'll give it a try. But for now I use Canvas for the graphics. Canvas is much higher level and hardware accelerated, plus easier to use then WebGL. Low level graphics and JS don't fit well together. I'll love to see a good voxel engine in JS! I think you will be too limited by Three.JS though. That's a nice analysis! I'm also into browser games. But just started with "HTML5". The reason is that it takes time to invest in new technology. "HTML5" is bleeding edge and new features are still added. WebGL is not yet fully supported on the major browsers and Canvas just got hardware acceleration a year ago. Also Websockets got scandalized just months ago. Flash on the other hand, is mature, so it will live on at least a few more years as a lot of developers are still developing in it. I think Google deliberately slowed down "HTML5" in favor for their Android ecosystem. Witch was a stupid idea since most of their money still comes from WWW. The money is still in WWW! The the problem is that a native app runs much better then a web app on Android. Even Facebook made a native app!! With Chrome-OS and Firefox-OS on mobiles we might be able to reduce the gap between native and web on mobiles. Native is still king on desktop though and I do not think AAA-studios will develop for the web anytime soon. There are some studios (Zynga, King) making shit-loads of money from crappy web-games though, so I think we will see more in between crap and AAA on the web soon. And hopefully without plugins!!! We used to have proxies that cached http requests. And there are already technology for broadcasting. I do not see how this will be better then say Torrents. Or if anyone would use this for more then sharing "copyrighted" content. I'm not saying this is bad, just that you can do better at marketing/selling it. You mentioned on the second video that this is targeted to those that do not know how to set up a LAN connection. Then maybe you shouldn't use the CLI in the demo. Mu first though was: How can Coursera afford 80 engineers!??? What's their business model? WOW! You just made the worlds best music discovery service! Too bad that was the easy part ... "use strict"; This article expect you to already know 3d programming. You need to be familiar with vectors, matrices, buffers and shaders. The hard part is often explaining something. And if you want to change how money works, you need to be very good at explaining. I guess because of karma or something I actually got the "undefined is not a function" error today. And I had no idea what was wrong! Tried the same in NodeJS and that gave: Object has no method 'bar' So I guess it depends on what implementation of JS you use for development. Still JS is much easier to debug then assembly (compiled languages). Whenever I want to learn something I just search on the Internet or ask experiences people to recommend a book. Or lookup what course literature the well known schools are using. What are the benefit of online courses more then that you get a badge or paper that says you have taken the course? I guess being able to code brainfuck is like understanding special relativity. You think it will impress the opposite sex, but it wont, unless you're a girl. :P But it does however give you a better understanding on how things work. A javascript universe without Node.JS would be like god without Jesus. NodeJS completely change the way you write JavaScript. What's so fantastic about node is that you can not import, use or include. You can only use modules. This combined with full object oriented programming support and asynchronous code execution makes NodeJS truly revolutionary! No-one have mentioned Nodepad++ I would switch to Atom any day though, if it had any JS code analysis tools. At least Notepad++ has a function list! (Although I use the old deprecated one). What's also off-putting about Atom is that everything is in Coffee-script. If they could make some guides for plain JS I could probably glue code in something like TernJS or something of my own. Switching from writing classes in other languages to using the JS prototype made writing object oriented code more fun and much faster! The prototype way was a step forward. I think it's very weird that JavaScript is now planning to introduce classes, and that you guys are so exited about it. What you should learn from game programming about security is to: Never thrust the client! I'm baffled that in games like Minecraft, the server sends all blocks to the client, instead of just the blocks that are visible. Or that you can give yourself any weapon and infinite ammo in DayZ. etc ... Use named functions to avoid closures! for (var i = 0; i I think the best BASIC version is vbScript. It has the cleanest syntax of all programming languages and is very simple. I wish they would make something like Node.JS but width vbScript. Promises could look like this: CALL asyncFunction THEN callback And make it easier to compile libraries and modules for it. I've also seen some messy code in ASP-classic. But most is just stupidly simple. And I like stupidly simple code. You can read and understand vbScript code faster then you can enjoy a text fiction. You can pick up a random guy/girl on the street and have him/her write vbScript within minutes. It's a stupid little language, but still very high level. And can get things done. I wonder if it's still fun now when it has gotten harder with drag and heat ... To get the best experience out of KSP you should play sandbox, but never quicksave! And keep playing the same "profile" every time. This makes you actually solve problems instead of just quick-loading to retry ... So you had to burn too much fuel to save the situation after almost crashing into old space debris you left ten years ago!? Ahh there's an old space station around the moon we can dock with... Destroyed an engine while landing on a foreign body? Figure out how to maneuver without it. Or take a walk to the unmanned prototype vessel you had forgotten about, that might have enough fuel to get into orbit ... It will also make your hands shake a bit from adrenalin, when landing, or docking, after a one hour mission, knowing you would have to restart the mission if you crash. You also need to have a joystick or pedals for thrust and RCS. Yes! You can throttle the RCS! That makes it much easier for docking. What will happen when photons reach the outer boundary of the universe? Where time and space starts to slow down ... Will the photon also slow down, and then take an elliptic path? Might explain why the universe seem to expand in all directions. I hope you make it so that only the surface blocks are sent to the client. The time it takes to "mine" a block is enough for the latency to send the block behind it. This would be a major improvement to the multi-player experience. Also, send the input to the server, and not the position/speed vectors. That way you will also get rid of the speed hacks. Those "fixes" will completely rid the game from "hackers". Witch is the biggest problem with Minecraft (and most other multi-player games). Most electronic cards have built in batteries like the CMOS battery in computers. So just removing the battery or pulling the cord will not be enough to "turn it off". I think more people should be self-hosting. You are probably already paying for a 24/7 Internet access. And your router is probably more then capable of hosting a web server. I think it's much easier to forget about "types" and think of objects instead. Trying to divide JavaScript objects into "types" will surely get you frustrated. If you absolutely want to check what "type" an object is, for example a sanity check for arguments passed to a function, you should make your own isMyType(obj) function and not rely on typeof or toString. E-mail is also decentralized! This means anyone can join the network without a sign-up process or approval from an authority. But I see e-mail heading in a troublesome direction regarding this. Maybe for a new messaging protocol, there need to be a computational cost, or blockchain for sending messages, to prevent fraud and spam. I think it's important for every company that the CEO answer support mail from regular customers at least a few hours every day. Then he/she will get a better understanding about the product(s). About sharing images, I find setting up a FTP-server is the simplest solution. Most file-browsers have FTP built in and allows features like drag 'n drop. The problem with usability in free services like Google, is that they earn more money the more time you spend on the site. So if it takes ten minutes to do something that should take five seconds. Their metrics will show one hundred times more earning from the slow and tedious version. Guess what version they want you to use!? Google can even read frames! (sarcasm) It makes all other search engines look bad in comparison though ... I wonder if they have made it so that you can use milliseconds (1/1000) instead of (1/100) in setTimeout and setInterval. It was one of the things that annoyed me the most running Node.JS on Windows ... Writing a hex libary has been on my todo-list for a while. Just writing the code, while useful for experts, is not enough though, you need documentation and examples. Making people understand how hex'es work is a noble task, but most ppl just want to be productive and create their dream game, without having to speed years in school first. You should never "optimize" JavaScript code, like objects vs arrays or methods vs functions. But instead try to optimize your algorithms, like leaving out square root when comparing witch line is longer. I did optimize JavaScript in the past, but it always worked different in different JS implementations and could change in different releases of the same JS engine. So I gave up on it, and it actually makes me more productive not having to think about with method is faster. Great work! This game is good as it is, but you could try having cars/space-ships/gems or whatever instead of numbers, to give you more freedom for experimenting and maybe change the order so that there will be more fall-though. People totally love when much happens with little input. If the game where to improve, I would say you need to increase the output vs input, making more stuff happen, faster and easier. First check if your ISP blocks port 80. Unless your router is bridged, you need to open up the fire-wall for incoming traffic on port 80. You will most likely find this under "Game & Application Sharing" or "Port Forwarding / Port Triggering" in your router's admin interface. Try forwarding port 80 to your work-station, install node.js and run the HTTP-server-example. Then ask a friend if he/she can connect to your IP via the browser. When you got port-80 working, you need some hardware: A cheap server and a cable to connect it to the router. An old laptop will do as server (KVM and UPS for free). You also need to decide what software to run, I would go with Ubuntu server as it's the most friendly. Create a bootable USB-stick. Setup SSH so that you can access the server from your work-station/laptop. Signup to a DNS service and point a domain name to your IP. If there actually where something moving faster then light, and you measured the speed, it would still appear to be moving at the speed of light! Say you had two space ships with FTL capability that would race from our solar system to the finish line located near Alpha Centauri. How would you know witch one came first? Kore mapped to JavaScript (NodeJS): var kore = require("kore"); kore.on("request", http_request); function http_request(req, resp) { var statusCode = 200; resp.write("Hello world", statusCode); } That video helped a lot, but I'm still struggling to understand what the N=NP question means and how to prove it. I think that all problems with a set definition for "solved" is solvable as in "P". For example, the rubik's cube is solved if all sides have a solid color. And is thus a "P". I've made something similar but in Swedish: http://matsidan.com/ What goes well with what is based on around 5k recipes. Haven't worked on it for some time though, kinda got stuck. What I'm trying to solve is to make it easier to make a weekly food plan and grocery list. So basically I have to find a problem that categories as P but not NP!? Kinda like the Planck constant in quantum theory. f(2) = 4, f(3) = ? /brainstorming One method that has proven to work good is to keep statistics and then nerf overused tactics and bump the ones that are rarely used. It will make some interesting game play! Also try to have as much diversity as possible. This is one of my favorite quotes: "This game is so imbalanced so that it get balanced". Constant updates and patches are annoying, indeed! You have to be very delicate about what to change and what to add. If you manage to do it right though, it will make the game feel fresh and exciting for many years. We all hate changes. Look for things that annoy ppl and try to fix those problems. Try to add new content, instead of changing old mechanics. This should be done slowly though, to give the mediate players a chance to get a hang of it. In a player vs player environment, it can take years for strategies to settle in, and for the majority of players to adapt. Corporate leaders already talk to each others. It's not often you have an idea that obviously will succeed and even then it will be hard to convince others to do it. So the customer/users want a native app!? Fine, I'll just bundle the web app with Webkit (io.js) and they'll be happy, and I don't have to worry about the app breaking in new browser versions. Browser based applications are much easier to distribute and adds a security layer, so that you do not have to worry as much about trojan/viruses, compared to installing executables from cr4cksnh4cks.com The browser is the perfect container. And it also helps a bit that the API's are super easy to work with. Making even the novice programmer productive and able to create powerful applications. One reason why native is bigger on the smart-phone market is that Google, Apple and Microsoft want to completely control their ecosystem and lock people in. What I can not understand though, is why Google does it, as the majority of their income still comes from the word wide web. They have however made major advances on that front lately, to there is still hope. As the virtualization technology advances, the gap between running on bare metal and in a container continuously decreases. So there will be little incentive running native/bare metal in the future. We have a long way to go though. If you want to build something that make full use of the hardware, you still should go native. But I hope that changes in the future. What is the use cases for these palettes? I got this nice color palette, but have no idea what to do with it ... Instead of learning a new framework, try learning a new paradigm. You can then apply that knowledge in whatever new shiny tool your boss want you to use to build the next big thing. Startup idea: Create a bank with accounting tools built in. Also make it easy to receive payments via credit cards. I use this in one of my games. The API could be slightly simpler/better though. But having abstractions like this available makes me so much more productive. Now I'm just waiting for a library/API for hexagon map's ;) I fail to see this doing anything besides turning the syntax backwards!? Maybe it's useful for those of us who are used to write from right to left, like in Arabic, but I would still use var foo = bar[0] over var[foo] = bar any day. It gets even stupider with objects: var foo = bar.a, vs, var {a: foo} = bar. JavaScript is a good language because it's so simple and easy to learn, adding stuff like destructor's just make it more confusing! Making a language more confusing just because of strong preference with syntactic sugars is a mistake. I would like to see a forking of the language before this goes mainstream. Maybe called CJS, where C stands for Clean or Classic JavaScript. Classifying your code is something you might do when it's finished. But while most code bases are constantly changing, classes does not make any sense! They will just make it harder to re-factor the code, and you will end up with a bunch of unused code just because you decided to classify early on instead of just prototyping. Import is another concept that will eventually make your code base unable to manage. You'll end up with imports everywhere, with a weird spaghetti, where it would be much better to use the modular pattern of breaking up the code in separate reusable modules. Articles should already be an associative array in the first place. I can understand why you think the email example looks better, but whoops, there's a bug, you now got two undefined variables! It would probably have looked like this: var email = article.email, at = email.indexOf("@"), ident = email.substr(0, at), domain = email.substring(at + 1, email.lengt); jsPDF doesn't trim each line like Pdfmake does. Pdfmake however supports new pages, witch jsPDF doesn't. Would be cool if Pdfmake didn't trim the lines! Setup your email server to "swallow all". I did this and after a few years I got around one million spam mails per day. I guess that if the emails never bounce they will keep sending new stuff to you. It's like saying "yes, yes, yes" to a sales person, they will just keep adding more stuff :P Guess how many out of 1000 visitors from my last AdWords Content Campaign loaded the favicon.ico ? And how many of them do you think signed up to to my service!? Answer: 0/1000 (nada, zero) Adwords for search worked much better though (real users). I also tried Google ad-sense for some of my websites, but the quality of ads are very bad and no-one clicks on them. Around ten years ago, Google ads used to be "the shit" (everyone used it) and you where able to both earn money and get quality traffic. Have the publishers turned to other market places or is my current experience what the world wide web ad market looks like today!? I always thought Github was open source and that you could fork it, like in the spirit of Github. I find that slightly ironic =) What's stopping a decentralized github from ending up in the same fate as the newsgroups, that the data set gets too large to handle !? I think that Github is more then just a repository, it's a community. I kinda quit Facebook and signed up to Github instead :P And if it weren't for Github I would have never touched git. Startup idea: Create something like Github and assembly.com, but with a complete tool-set (git+vps) I'm kinda disappointed that he didn't develop an algorithm on how to do it in the least amount of steps. Good work though and gratulations on the wight loss! One disadvantage of adding syntactic sugars for things you can already do, is that the language gets more difficult to understand. This in turn introduce more bugs and hurts the productivity. Level 20 archer. I used to argue for type decorations, like in most C like languages, but then changed my mind. When programming in a high level language like JavaScript, you should not think about types. Thinking about types will only limit your creativity and problem solving. Instead, you should focus on the logic abstraction. Also you shouldn't lock yourself into classifications. Instead, just check the input and throw an error if it doesn't fit. By helping out the compiler you can get better performance. But I like to think that current JavaScript engines or future ones are quite smart and can optimize beyond that. Lets say you are writing software for a cargo company ... The code has well defined classes. The company now wants to expend by including buss goods. But in the code, the terminals and containers will only accept trucks ... It would be better if the terminal code checked if the good fitted etc. Thinking about Buss vs Truck is much better then thinking about Array vs Object, but you shouldn't let classifications limit the solutions either. Reading this article was a fresh breeze. The Canvas is very easy to work with. You can forget about JQuery and everything else concerning the DOM and just write pure JavaScript. I've even started working on a canvas based text editor. I did some research before I started and read about Bespin. I don't think they merged into Ace because of the Canvas. It was probably because another team on the same company also worked on an editor, witch had the same goals, and aimed for the same market. It's very interesting to read about union history, where sometimes the military was called in to stop a work strike. We have come a long way in the last 100 years.