If this is a BSA campaign, just looking at the youtube comments, it's kind of stupid, because people are supporting the guy as a result and speaking badly about BSA. I always dismount cheap power supplies, to see their quality for myself. I check for creepage, clearance distances, noise filtering circuits, transformer quality, grounding quality if appropriate, build quality, circuit sophistication, appropriate wire gauge, protection fuses, etc. Some of those I checked had none of the above. I enjoy understanding electronic circuits. But it is also important, I believe. Just reading the list of unsafe banned products from EU markets, a lot of the time it is these cheap power adapters. And I can absolutely understand why. This doesn't make any sense to me. If attacker can intercept connections I'd rather he get the hash than the plaintext password. At least then actual password is still not compromised, which is good, given how many people share passwords accross services. If he can tamper with connections, there's nothing that can be done anyway. It would be very nice if there was a feature in web browser that allowed user to opt in to something like this: When there's a password input on a website: 1] automatically take website's domain concatenate it to plaintext password 2] generate a secure hash from 1] 3] Derive some reasonably portable text password (20-30 characters) from 2] 4] Make it so that original web page never has access to user's plaintext password 5] Submit result of 3] Downsides: 1] Stupid websites enforcing password rules other than length (can be worked around mostly transparently). 2] Extra stupid websites limiting password length. (requires user interaction and configurable exceptions for such websites) 3] Can't login with browsers that don't implement this. This would be very nice for people who share passwords between services. Also would make web service data leaks less valuable to attackers. User would not depend on service password handling quality and/or operator's morality. I use different passwords for each and every service. But many people can't be bothered or don't get the risks of password sharing, so it would be at least some help to them. Very little, around 60kB free if writing programs in C language. Strncpy is not used correctly either. strncpy(ifr.ifr_name, dev, IFNAMSIZ); will not necessarily NULL terminate ifr.ifr_name for all values of dev variable. NULL terminated input is assumed later when ifr.ifr_name is used in strcpy. Yeah, I don't know either. I went as far as to write spkg (spkg.megous.com) in 2006, just to replace the funcionality of pkgtools bash scripts without adding new features. (imporving robustness and speed) I never got any response from the Slackware team. I guess they're just very very conservative. I loved my Slackware times for the learning experience. But it was hell of a lot of work to use it. Also, it can still catch bugs even in javascript. It's not related to C at all, as original article states. Equality operator is commutative (sans operand side effects). It's not a quirk. > The thing is, when you hoard wealth as numbers on a balance sheet rather than spending it, you are actually destroying that wealth. Money which is not in motion is not money. People who withold their stash of money from the market cause deflation, meaning they just increased the value of money in other people's pockets (what others can buy for the same amount of cash). So there's no loss for other people in the economy. The only loser is the company doing the witholding and its employees. Other people had already benefited from the iPhone they bought or whatever. Absolute amount of money in the economy doesn't matter much. Seems like nonsense witchhunt based on three numbers: "The estimated amount of money laundered globally in one year is 2 - 5% of global GDP[1]" "...government charges, Liberty Reserve processed 55 million separate financial transactions and laundered $6 billion in criminal proceeds. [2]" (I assume they just summed up total amount of transactions here, just because they can...) "Budovsky admitted in his plea agreement to laundering more than $250 million in criminal proceeds. [3]" So, $250 mil. is 4% of $6 bn. Which is within normal range of money laundering rates. He's getting it probably because he wasn't licensed and wasn't giving up data, or something like that. [1] https://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/money-laundering/globalizatio... [2] http://abcnews.go.com/US/black-market-bank-accused-launderin... [3] https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/founder-liberty-reserve-plead... I always wonder at lack of reciprocal thinking in these kinds of views. People don't mind buying cheap stuff from foreign countries but think there's something wrong or bad when the people that received their money use that money to buy something in their country. This is exactly part of the whole deal. It's inseparable. Why would they sell you something in the first place if they couldn't buy anything back? No. What it seems like is that they want more flexibility while developing GNOME (6 month cycle as it is now), and provide some stability for outside users of GTK+ too (2 year cycle). Beta releases are done within the regular 6 month cycle. Perhaps the authors of the toolkit are better positioned to judge what the release policy and development approach should be. They take long term stability requirement of outside parties into account with this new approach. I'm not sure why they couldn't use the benefit of being in control of the toolkit while developing GNOME, and write some adapter layer, like KDE. So if extradited he may be tried. Now has jury of your peers (fellow citizens) any meaning in case of trying a non-US citizen? Jurors must be US citizens, but they will not be his peers, really. Not much difference: {{ var | escape }} Nevertheless, I used DOM/libxml on the server side in PHP/C, since 10 years ago, and was happy about it. It avoids all the other the template issues (balancing open/close tags, etc.) very well. A few helper functions and you're good to go, with simplicity, flexibility and speed you will not get from any templating library in PHP. Though, some coding customers don't know what to make of it. Some people have trouble with not being able to see HTML in the code, because "where do I paste my Google Analytics code?". I wish for icon fonts to die. I don't mind website designers defining what fonts to use. That choice is almost always something I don't want, unless it's serif or sans-serif. I can override that choice with my own, which is better for me. Having the same font on every website increases readability and pleasure of using the web. Browsers allow for this in the user visible configuration, perhaps for this reason. Also, security. I don't trust random fonts from the internet, to not be malicious, so I disable them all. If I choose readability and security, use a normal browser feature to do this, by disabling website enforced font choice, the website should not break. Icon fonts are definitely a hack. There's no fallback to anything sensible when the font can't be used. It just breaks, and the website is unusable. At least use a title attribute, so that when hovering over some random character I can see what the supposed icon I never saw stands for. Especially when used for icon only navigational controls. And this is not even related to accessibility. Perhaps designers assume that they are in full control of their website appearance, and don't include into consideration user's choices, enabled by various browser options/configurations. Not that much bloated. And it can be quite readable if done well. You also don't need to learn peculiarities of for loops or macro language in a given templating system. The host language is it's own macro language with all the features you already know, and not limited to whatever template language authors decided to implement. Beginners also forget about balancing HTML tags, which is quite unpleasant experience when creating and changing more complicated templates with loops, conditions, etc. You can also do post-processing on the constructed DOM, even during construction. Bloated code only happens if the programmer fails to structure the code into nicely re-usable functions. Anyway, it seems to be quite popular right now with all the react hype - React.createElement is such a helper function to help construct DOM tree. It's pretty much the same concept on the server side. Except you don't need to care about DOM diffing, because server has no persistent DOM. el.email = document.createElement('input'); el.email.type = "email"; OTOH, governments sure love alcohol. Consumption and VAT tax adds to 50% on hard alcohol. There's a lot of profit to be made. Gov makes many times more than the actual producer. Denaturation is just a way of pleasing industrial users, while keeping the exorbiant profits from drinkers. If they could, they would tax the industrial users too. It's a blood money because of artificially increased incetives for unsafe production of alcohol. Which killed and blinded people in the past. Even those who thought were buying the "good" taxed alcohol because of supply chain contamination. Cynical view perhaps. Though when thinking about effective measures the government decision making is always contaminated by losing their precisous billions of $. (non-US) Income tax on companies. That's income that would possibly lead to capital creation/accumulation - and was redirected to other uses by the centralized decision making of the government. I think that counts as "means of production the state has forcefully taken in Sweden". Would be nice if affected end users actually complained to google when they randomly break a website, based on the network speed. Then the Chrome devs would perhaps think twice about breaking old APIs. You assume this technique is always bad. It is not. It is a simple way to load scripts from JS with browser forcing serialization of the script exectution. It should be developer's decision to choose whether he prefers speed or simplicity in a given context. How do you know? Doesn't make sense given the end of the interview, unless the recruiter was being completely disingenuous. The recruiter recomended the interviewee getting some education in the topics he asked about. Dumbing stuff down is not the same as giving the exact answer on some cheat sheet you've nerver seen. Available jobs increase with population. Additional people need more services, goods, etc. This leads to increased demand. In other words, more people are needed to produce stuff for more people. In Czech Republic, it's even more pronounced. The government accepted in total about 20 immigrants from Syria so far and if you read comments on the internet, or watch demonstrations, it's like the end of the world is coming. Also some of the fear might be quite shallow. There was a report of some old lady in the village that accepted some refugees. She was first afraid when asked about newcomers, stating fears that are commonly represented in the media. Then when she was told that they have children, and lack some stuff, she went there and donated some clothes. Hardliners that join fringe political parties are probably quite different. But also less open to reason. But I suspect that most people's fears can be quite easily ameliorated. So, why does this need to be so secret? Also, in what sense is it secret? Is there some punishment, the affected grandmother is facing for talking to the media about the case? Just try to eval a sample of ES6 syntax you use, and if it throws error, load ES5 code. You'd need to feature check all the features that you use, to cover the browser versions with incomplete ES6 support. Nice reference to Scott Fitzgerald. :) Orange Pi PC works perfectly well with mainstream kernel + a few patches. Ethernet, HDMI, frequency scaling. Audio is also in the works. So much negativity and misinformation here. Orange PI PC boards are well designed, with attention to things that many other board makers fail at, like heat spreading, space for heat sink (you don't really need one usually), quality DC connector, fine grained CPU voltage regulation, USB not being crippled by on-board hub, etc. Mainline support is also progressing well. With some patches you can get temperature regulation, HDMI support, audio support now on mainline kernel. Video decoding is also progressing as someone noted in other comments. SoC on Orange PI PC is also very nice for people who care about not having binary blobs running show on some hidden internal processor. There is additional OpenRISC CPU on the SoC, but it doesn't run by default on mainline kernel, and you can also program it yourself, without too much trouble. Armbian supports these boards quite well, including video decoding support. Allwinner is also not that bad at releasing code/datasheets. They release a lot of code. The issue is that it is designed for old kernels (3.4, 3.10) so it's not directly usable/easily portable to newer kernels. But still it is helpful and community is actively working on mainlining the support for various SoC parts. Orange PI PC (H3 soc) is quite usable as a desktop for web browsing and audio/video playback. I'm glad to see H5, because it looks like performance wise it will be still better and I'm also optimistic about the open source software support in the future. It certainly is a very motivating board to develop for at the current price/performance level. The only annoying thing I find is Mali GPU. Forbes looks like quote of the day website that's progressively enhanced to a online newspaper if you care about enabling JavaScript. Progressive enhancement was nice while it lasted. Slowdown will turn fairly quickly into a major speedup if you're trying to do operations on multiple files. systemd? News article: https://www.novinky.cz/internet-a-pc/421417-google-postihl-v... (Czech) Internet traffic dropped by half or more in many places. I would provide a link to graphs, but it might kill the already struggling website of the internet exchange organization. > This is not a move made by the Indian government to push surveillance or other nefarious purposes. So why do you need ID when changing the notes? It looks like move to approximately sum up who had how much money in cash. There's something wrong in making things go away by going away from the victims, when they possibly need help, without even stopping. Save the internet by dropping icon fonts altogether. You save a lot of bandwidth, and you stop breaking the web. It might have been different if America had not 110000 people to deal with, but 5000000. It might have found its own final solution for the Japanese. Nazis only got to the final solution quite a bit into the war. There were various plans over the previous years to move undesirable people elsewhere, like Madagascar, etc. This actually feels kind of good to me as someone who's trying to get his code into the kernel. Big guys are not getting any special treatment. It feels fair. I approach this differently. There are a few use cases I go to the web for. For each use case that is not a free browsing I create an electron app, that never executes any code from the web or uses any external style. It only uses XHR to fetch html pages/json data/other static stuff and then transforms that data and uses it in the custom UI designed for the use case. For example one use case is collection of news. My app looks almost like a typical RSS feed reader, except that article content is full and interactive. I can inline stupid image galleries that break article flow, I can convert custom video players into a simple tag, I can drop what I don't care for. I can switch between tor/non-tor mode in a secure way that doesn't leak anything and is probably more secure than torbrowser. I have direct access to any OS programs, so I can easily open m3u8 videos in mpv player on one click or using a keyboard shortcut, or I can download streaming videos locally and convert them to mp4 on the fly, save useful content of the pages to the database, including relevant images, etc. All JS code is controlled by me, web servers serve me only as data sources. What is key to make this fun and useful is structuring the app as a unified UI for multiple data sources and to be able to define data sources quickly. Fortunately ES6 generators can be used in a way that makes fetching and transforming data without the need for callbacks, or promises very easy and clear. Adding a new source is usually a matter of minutes. It is also nice that when improving the UI, I get a new feature for all the websites that I frequent at once. It allows me to consume content the way I want, without much exposure to tracking. All the website gets from me is an access_log entry, no cookies, nothing. I'd say I'm quite ahead of the "war" between users and advertising networks. It does a lot more replacements, depending on the architecture. Even a simple a/b or a%b will get replaced with function call on many archs. Obama is the worst president for whistleblowers and leakers in american history, by far, having prosecuted more of them for espionage than all presidents before him combined. So this would be quite a surprise. I like the fact that the site includes all killed people. With 20% civilian casualties rate, the recent announcement of 50000 killed people in Syria/Iraq means US may have directly killed 10000 civilians in just the last two years there. https://airwars.org/ reports a lower number though. But theirs is a very conservative estimate. I wonder when will this escalation stop. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-500... You should read again. They might as well be more open about this on the actual page. Duktape website: "Embeddable, portable, compact: can run on platforms with 192kB flash and 64kB system RAM" https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/live/2017/jan/28/world-d... Here are some stories of what is this causing to people around the world, ATM. "Hamaseh Tayari, a UK resident who holds an Iranian passport, has been on holiday in Costa Rica with her boyfriend for the last week. She was due to fly back to Glasgow, where she works as a vet, this morning but was denied entry onto the flight because her flight went via New York and she would need a transit visa, which was revoked. Tayari and her boyfriend are trying to find an alternative route home. A flight to Madrid on the 30 January will cost them £2000 and they’ll still have to find a way from there to Glasgow. She says: “We had been saving for months for this holiday and it will cost me a month’s salary just to get home. " Misleading statistic. Compare the distribution of people who asked to immigrate, not the population of the whole country. Haha, this was the same argument used by traditional Taxi companies againt Uber. :D This is rich. Other thing that is massively underreported on much bigger scale than actual air strikes are civilian casualties. Presumably so that Americans, or Russians or whoever of the other N countries that bomb people regularly can justify killing thousands of civilians in middle east a year by mistake. It is not a mistake though, it's a calculated acceptable collateral murder where the government determines some acceptable ratio of civcas vs combatant deaths and goes with that. Of course, now if civcas are underreported by the order of magnitude, ... https://airwars.org/ Other thing to ponder is that US claims it killed around 50 000 terrorists in the last two years. Think about that. Those are supposed to be people who are said to be threat to US citizens or allies and therefore are OK to be killed by USG even at the cost of killing bystanders. Americans should start asking themselves who are these people they are supporting the murder of. Don't stop at the terrorist label. Humanizing "them" might not be fun though, because you'll inevitably run into your propagandized fellow citizens, and start feeling decidedly not good about their capacity for empathy or nuance in understanding the world. https://airwars.org Syria: Assad complained about that in recent interview with Belgian press. It's also hard to say he's against ISIS. But anyway, he's a dictator and a paranoic who sees terrorists everywhere and can't even fathom that opposition against him may be legitimate, so his permission means nothing really. http://www.globalresearch.ca/president-al-assad-to-belgian-m... [I'm not endorsing this website in any way. It just was the first in the google that had a transcript of the interview.] Cluster munitions are bad, but you have to consider that people often try to hide in houses, in cellars during air raids in the city. Cluster munition will not do much to those people, other than being insanely noisy and terrifying. What will kill those people is a bomb that will drop the house on them. Indiscriminate killing is a function of decision making process, not the munition itself. There's a new documentary coming this year. It was mentioned in one of the lectures on 33C3. What it is about may be a part of it. https://fahrplan.events.ccc.de/congress/2016/Fahrplan/events... Australia is one of the least transparent countries with regards to airstrikes. It would be nice if there was public pressure for them to be more transparent. https://twitter.com/airwars/status/822008554316066816 I understand that. People try to collect the bomblets afterwards though, especially in the city. So the harm is somewhat limited. We had elections in communist Czechslovakia too, where the party got 99% of votes, just like with Assads. Was it democratic? No. It is frankly ridiculous to say that any elections with these kinds of results are in any way meaningful expressions of popular support. We also had forced demonstration of support for the government. Had to go into parades, etc. The question is if you would be willing to go there now and publicly propose that Assad should not be a president, without fear of being thrown into prison? Also what do you think of experiences of people who were tortured and killed by his subordinates for expressing dissent on facebook, or twitter, or in demonstrations? Also, now the US should stop doing operations in Yemen. We'll see how that will go. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-sp... Will not having a social media presence be considered a red flag? Why don't they sue him based on what they already have. They have to have something strong enough to justify holding him for more than a year already, so wtf? Had he heavily monetized, Linux might not have happened at all in the current shape. Haha. Terrorism bla bla. Anyone noticed that the first two example cases are actually political activists being targeted. - the first is some Chelsea Manning advocate - the second is some pot legalization activist There you have it for what actually are these rarely used rules used for. Nice to see Orange Pi PC being mentioned. It really is such a nice board. BTW, Armbian has experimental "mainline+patches" support for Orange Pi PC2, have you tried that? That does not create a jurisdiction to charge someone. Just a justification (in the eyes of US citizens) to kill them straight away. I mean what I say. Majority of US citizens support drone attacks (in the polls) despite the risks. And the US is democracy, so... > Also try getting children to use your computer and click ads - that really confuses them. :) It confuses the children? :) http://daserste.ndr.de/panorama/xkeyscorerules100.txt Even if that is done, there has to be verification for absence of security vulnerabilities in the app itself, because if data can trigger code execution, you're done. It's much easier to manipulate its own data for the web service itself than for other parties trying to exploit XSS vulnerability. In other words, you must ensure that the frontend treats the entire backend as a hostile actor, not just the code it serves, but also the data. Not all web frontends are written like that; many serve HTML snippets that get pasted into the DOM unchecked, instead of passing JSON data and rendering on the client side. You can sign the static frontend code all you want, and you're still owned by the service itself in this case. Tomáš Baťa http://www.csmonitor.com/World/2010/0305/Workers-paradise-Th... I guess this does it for me. America might be interesting to me as a tourist, but the idea that some schmuck on the border would turn me back for some ridiculous reason, humiliating me in the process, all that while erasing a significant portion of my life savings... (because they charge the airlines some ridiculous fine which would in turn try to force it down on me) blah. Not worth the risk at all. Lord Acton comes to mind. USG is not founded on moral principles. All moral principles were so far overriden by expediency. So the question 1. seems to me beside the point. Rape, torture, murder, all justifiable in the hands of your government at some point in the name of expediency, with no remorse or reparations provided. 2. All you need to do is watch the implementation carefully. You'll find reasons for outrage soon enough. By the same logic you may try to destroy some capital (machines in factories, etc.). That would also place increased demand on labor. The point is that reduction of capital or labor (in this case) does not cause increase in prosperity overall. It does not add anything to the economy, it just takes away. Even in recession, if you're getting poorer, it does not make sense to create pressures for general price increases by taking away stuff or people from the economy. It just makes your slide into poverty faster. I believe a lot of people could still benefit from reading about Broken Window fallacy, etc. It is still relevant 167 years later. Hint, it applies to labor too. http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html You can really not, because economy is a complex system where you can never control other factors. At times, you may get actual reduction in some metric (say GDP), at others you may still get an increase in response to some major intervention into economy, because there are other inseparable overriding factors (like being in the middle of some major advance in technology, or business practices - but you can never know, control for that). You can only reason apriori about economic forces/interactions. > Gmail's search and spam-filtering are both very good, trained and tuned on datasets no self-hosted product could ever match (and harnessing parallel algorithms across large clusters that'd be quite costly on one machine) As someone who self hosts, this is clearly not true. With gmail I was receiving a lot of spam from various email marketing companies like mailchimp, easymail, etc. There's a lot of these companies and they are mostly country specific, some less, some more shady. With self hosting it is easy to block their servers en masse and forget about them. Some companies spam the DNS namespace with predictable, but extremely numerous domain names, which are easy to block using a few regular expressions. Try to make filters in gmail for that, if you don't know from which of the 100 domains the next email will come. Email from hacked servers is also easy to block. It's mostly PHP servers and all you need to look for is mention of eval() in the headers as nobody sane hopefully evals PHP code to send email. It just took me a month of spending a few minutes every other day analyzing headers of odd email or two which passes through some generic checks like checking if sending IP address has a domain name and figuring out how to block the sender entirely if possible. Now I don't get any legitimately looking spam at all and what I get is easily filtered with bayes filter in thunderbird. Anyway, with spam the hard job is checking the spam folder and that's annoying as hell with gmail, because it's always full of crap, and it's not easy to see occasional false positive. Now I only get 1 spam every two to three days and that's easy to check. Legitimate people who get blocked get bounce message immediately and have chance to re-send according to instructions in the bounce, instead of falling into spam folder and feeling ignored. Much better experience overall. Actually what is hardest to filter is bounces from gmail servers. I'm not really sure how spammers generate them. They are not in response to anything that I send. It seems like google ignores my SPF records, even though it indicates that it found that the sender forged the From header and sends me the bounce with attached spam that is targeted at me anyway. Quite annoying. EDIT: I guess I can just reject the gmail bounce if it contains the "Received-SPF: fail (google.com:". Ah! At least you know what happened. With google and such, you wouldn't even know you're under threat. Not necessarily. You can use POP3. If you pickup often they would find precisely nothing. You probably don't need constant uptime. Sending server will try to deliver for a day or two, usually. Legitimate servers use sending queues. You can leak sensitive data with any language. C is not used for web development on the client side, yet people abuse security holes in web apps all the time. You have to be very careful. They lie about even relatively inconsequential things. Like particular bombings in Syria. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFQdBHQjPHs This one is back from the time of the siege of Aleppo last year. Frontline reporting is probably even more biased than anything else. Journalist speaking against the soldiers he's embedded with? What will happen next time he's embedded with any troops? It's not a generic stock photo. It's a photo from rebel held areas made just 4 days prior to the report. Clearly labeled as such on the purchase page. http://pictures.reuters.com/C.aspx?VP3=SearchResult&VBID=2C0... Also the entire RT reporting about Syria is a factual error. They omit so much, it's ridiculous. Russia last fall/winter killed around 4000 civilians in Syria, before they scaled back this year. Where are detailed reports on those reported on RT? Google "site:rt.com russia massacres" and have fun finding something perpetrated by Russia's military there, even playing it down as an accident. You can access GPIO, I2C, UART via standard kernel interfaces. Which is the whole point of the kernel. Learn those and you can use the code on any SBC running Linux. It's not: https://github.com/rosimildo/videoenc (H3) Invocation of whataboutism is not a mind bug. It's the problem of never acknowledging your own issues and deflecting the criticism/concerns. The hypothetical interaction that would go "US: Hey China, we worry about your policy X. China: Hey US, we sort of understand where you're coming from, given your history. We also see similar issue with some of your policies..." would be perfectly fine. I'm in EU too. We had recently a blown fuse or something in the entire 5 story building, the result was sort of weird: lights were ok in the entire house, half of the power sockets in the flat were ok, half of the power sockets were without power. That's when I realized that each of these 230V circuits are probably connected to a different phase. (Perhaps so that the load gets distributed evenly) Shame. Time to youtube-dl the interesting stuff before it's gone. I use random 20 char string for the local part. That way there's no question about the leak. Spammers use a lot of dictionary words in the local part of the email address, so it's better to have a random string. If you're using password manager anyway, there's no reason not to make email/username random too. For smaller e-shops you might find some with actively exploited 0days this way. I did. I guess some responsible disclosure to the affected vendors would be nice. If the tools are being actively exploiting bugs, which they are, there's not much else to do in order to stop the exploitation. Give it a few weeks and then publish them in the wild. I created a language that better expresses server side web programming issues (exactly for that reason). https://megous.com/wl I also created language for describing processes (company processes). Mostly for fun and to scratch my own itches. I'm using graphviz for that. Boycott is a valid response no matter how much you try to make false analogies. Pulling app out of app store is by no means equivalent to suicide. At most you change your business. How about policing actual current behavior and not some historical act that the person was already punished for. You don't need to care for former sex offenders. But you might care for reducing recidivism. Driving people off the biggest surveillance platform in the world may actually hinder the ability to catch them doing it again. And that's the reason not to report abuse to the fucking Facebook. Just report it to the police directly. It shouldn't matter. If BBC had the links, they obviously had the content too. BBC's computers downloaded the CP and stored it. Therefore Facebook should report them either way. Distinction between sending links sending images + links makes no sense in this case. Both proves BBC downloaded CP. E-mail is good enough for me as a channel. But the service should allow me to upload a PGP pub key and use it for all further communication, no exceptions (including password resets, etc.). That would secure the channel and the website would be able to trust that whoever is clicking the reset link is the owner of the key. It would also be a nice second factor. You have to have access to the email account and to the private PGP key. And it is a second factor I can fully control, unlike SMS. And it's simple and cheap for the service. Except it's not stable at all. If you hold USD long term, because of the inflation target of the FED, you'll be able to buy less and less. USD lost a massive amount of value in the previous century alone, despite the massive advances in every field of human activity. https://www.measuringworth.com/uscompare/relativevalue.php Hello world! in PHP is simply: Hello world! People forget PHP is still a template language for the web. I just don't use any tooling and/or needless abstraction. It's not necessary at all, just like it was not 6 years ago. I write ES5-only code if I need to target IE9+. I still don't get the appeal of virtual dom. Browsers already have DOM, why use another crippled parallel one? It can only cause trouble and increase cognitive load when trying to do anything fancier. I understand the value of having state in one place and being able to call some function to update the UI to match the state. But that is a separate concept from virtual DOM. You can do a lot of useful stuff with real DOM, actually leveraging the power of prototypical nature of Javascript. Store your own data in it, add your own methods, etc. I don't get much JS fatigue. Perhaps because I'm working in a bubble and don't feel the pressure to adopt the latest tech quickly. Recently I had to extend fairly complex HTML-only web app that I wrote 11 years ago for a client, and it was quite fun. It's sort of nice to see that, while it's fun to write SPAs and everything, there are still ways to write web apps without a single line of JS. So perhaps move those poor americans to the third world. They'll feel like top 1% with those dollars. First thing I'd do if I had to program in this would be to create some "something sane to MUMPS compiler". :D How to put it? I know where the state really lives in the real DOM. I have HTMLInputElement and if user edits it, I can always access HTMLInputElement.value and have the current value. I can associate my data directly with the DOM nodes as simply as node.myData = {something}; and it stays there no matter where the DOM node moves in the meantime. Virtual DOM is easy to reason about in this simple case: Events -> State -> VDOM -> DOM But this is an illusion. DOM nodes can change state as a result of user interaction and you need to account for that (in your head and by updating the State to match). Anything to do with DnD and animation at once seems like pain to think about in the VDOM world. Or any visual manipulation of dom nodes, reordering, nesting, grouping, etc. DOM has useful preexisting interface for moving nodes around the tree. Easy to use and directly related to what you see on the screen. There are many cases where abstracting the state away from real DOM and pushing it down in the one way manner of VDOM just doesn't bring any benefits. In the real DOM world you can glue the state/data to the visual elements on the page, write code that creates UI for re-arranging the visual DOM nodes and then at any time collect the data back from the DOM nodes in the visual or any appropriate order with powerful DOM traversal methods. This direct two way association of DOM and my JS objects helps in so many cases. Sometimes it is easier to solve the problem in the visual space (DOM nodes) and sometimes it is easier to go from my custom JS objects representing a complex component or something. With VDOM this flexibility is lost and as a result some problems seem like requiring me to stuff the square peg into a round hole. I guess it is somehow possible, but what's the benefit? Possession is a crime too. And if you have indication of someone possessing it, and don't report, then what? What always boggled my mind was escaping data on the input side. Yet once it was quite popular. PHP even had option to do it automatically. What a weird idea. You escape data to prevent mistaking it for code whenever you use them in some context. You don't know the context when receiving the input. Linux kernel patch review is over email like this. It seems to work. I subscribe to a few lists and it makes it easy for anyone to chip in. It's a bit burdensome on the patch submitter, to collect the feedback into one place, but not that much. At least the burden is on people who want to get the patch in. You can get a parser generator to automagically list you expected (non-)terminals at this point. It may not be helpful though, depending on the location of the error. But it is something at least. Editing would be annoying as hell though. > I normally think of any recursion as some kind of descent into deeper levels. Maybe I'm being biased due to awareness of stackframes being a common way to implement recursion. You can write bottom up algorithms using recursion too. It still technically goes down first, but does the real work on the way up. Another fun way to write a recursive descent parser is to abstract and parametrize the recursive descent algorithm. Best done in dynamic languages. I wrote an abstract recursive descent parser in JS which accepts an array of terminal (regexp) and non-terminal definitions (array of terminal/non-terminal names + action callback), and returns the function that will parse the text. The parser "generator" has 125 lines of code and doesn't really generate anything. It's an extremely lightweight solution to quickly produce purpose made languages in the browser without need for any tooling. Together with `` template strings to write your custom made language code in, it makes for a lot of fun in JS. :D Risk of death from seizure is not high. Though intentionally triggering people is disgusting and he should never do it again and pay some damages. Intention to cause harm seems clear. So, where are all the professional programmers doing blocks programming, or something like that? All visual programming is very niche. Last I got close to some was 18 years ago when working with LabView. It's not just different. It's suboptimal. It's just not compelling. You'd need visual everything. Like visual diff, visual git, make it easy to copy visual crap between various applications. Copy visual code to a web page? Copy it to chat to send to a friend? Instead of just writing, you'd need to remember UI shortcuts/icon to insert visual crap into your codebase... It's bleh. I clearly hate the idea. :D I guess why not. :) https://megous.com/dl/parser/tests/index.html See the code. AGPL. Who cares about income? Profit matters. Societal benefits matter too. How many days of work in a month is required to break even on all the basics of life like rent, food and medical care + retirement insurance. Isn't sharing passwords a bad thing to do in general? Each user should have a separate account/identity and manage his own secrets. So why not create multiple accounts? ToS usually advises against sharing credentials. And some news accounts reporting US atrocities in middle east too. Really, US strikes in Syria are getting more disgusting with each passing day. Mosques, schools, bakeries, bridges (trapping people so that they can't even escape their stupid bombing raids). I'll be damned if western media ever reports any US made massacre perpetrated for example in Raqqa. And there's a lot to choose from just from the last week. All that is needed is search for it on twitter. Well, I hope, no user has space at the end of his homedir. Creating the same bug in a code tree editor would certainly not help anything. That's where Arch Linux (pacman) is heading slowly. The code is better tested that way, and not written multiple times by many programmers/packagers of various skill. Also, it's the difference between systemd and sysvinit - descriptive configuration vs scripting. Perhaps not on Linux. You don't need to run Linux on SBCs. At least not exclusively. Some SBCs also contain additional non-ARM processors on the SoC, which could be used for the purpose of data acquisition. For example Orange Pi has H3, which contains OpenRISC core that can run at 300MHz or so from code located in internal SRAM. I haven't tried yet, but I guess you can get pretty consistent results with this approach too: Main cores running on Linux processing the data, OpenRISC accessing GPIO and reading the data in a tight loop, throwing them to main memory into some ring buffer, or into part of the SRAM. Anyway, excellent project. I hope to try it. :) Have you looked into using opensource protocol analyzers, or adding support for sigrok? Curious. How is it more luxurious? Say I have $2000 extra at the end of the month in EU and in US. Where the difference comes from? Why should it be? The project you're thinking about uses internal PLL in the SoC. This has nothing to do with GPIO reading/writing. http://www.icrobotics.co.uk/wiki/index.php/Turning_the_Raspb... They're trying record the record of US and friends actions against civilians in Syria and Iraq. And are in trouble ATM, because of massive increase in allegations in the last two months. Up to 1000 civilians were allegedly killed by US and friends just in March, up from hundreds a month previously. So if you care for some accountability for this, this would help. https://airwars.org/civilian-casualty-claims/ What's nefarious about it? That's no good. You're still sending your primary address, before the +. They can remove or modify anything after +, and you'll still receive the email. I'm slowly transitioning for having a random 20 char generated alias email for every service/use and there's no chance anyone will hit a real mailbox by chance. If alias leaks, I can either abandon the service and block it, or change the registered email for the service to a new alias and block the old one. In addition to that, I have a few easy to remember/type emails to give out to people, that I never use on the internet. The result being no spam even without a spam blocker. (to the new addresses) I store aliases (+ info about the service I provided them to) in the database and use simple PHP script to manipulate the db from the web. On the mail server side, I have postfix set up to read the database and deliver everything for a valid address to a single mailbox. It should be workable with any service that will allow you to setup aliases for a single mailbox. If they allow to set it using API, that would allow for automation. On the sending side, given that I haven't yet found a need to communicate too frequently with any of the services I use via email, I have a simple PHP form to send email with the specified alias address set as From on the envelope and inside the email. Yep, I've recently written a RFC2822 (and friends) message parsing library in C that can parse 4GB of email messages per second (incl. full bodies decoding and normalizing everything to utf-8) on my old Ivy Bridge i5. Part of the trick is never tying number of malloc() calls to the number of messages/size of input, not using crappy OOP like interfaces, and avoiding string comparisons, which is all possible. My library has no malloc(), no strcmp() and no OOP. :) It's about 4 times faster than gmime (also written in C - but kind of unfair comparison, because gmime is not doing the body decoding and conversion to UTF-8 by default) and 20 times faster than Python (in a single thread). Now if only I could have a SSD that could read my mail archive that fast. :) Sorry, many soldiers are murderers. There's clear intention to kill. And justification does not happen simply because some idiot in power tells someone to go kill other people for political reasons. And coalition is also killing civilians for political reasons, more than thousand of them a month ATM. It is obviously calculated. It's just that someone determined murdering perhaps 5-10 thousands civilians is a OK to give power over Mosul back to Iraqi government, and gave it a go. Ha, Facebook UI without logging in is the stupidest. Help center behind a login, emails that can't be unsubscribed from from the email without login, stupid popup that blocks the view every now and then if you're logged out... I'm tempted to try logging in if they really deleted my account after I requested it. There's no single law. Is there a law in Somalia that allows US killing arbitrary people there, unilaterally? Is there such a law in Yemen? Syria? In Syria if you follow the letter of the law, and intention of the (idiot) leader there, he's against the US involvement, it would be a murder. What law was in Vietnam, that killing was somehow justified by it? In international arena, there's no universal law. Some idiots killed a few thousands Americans, and then some Americans did go on a killing rampage as a revenge, murdering 10s of thousands mostly unrelated people. That's about how it looks from the outside. I don't hold my breath either. I marked all content as removed, before deleting the account, and removed all advertising topics, and yet after a month of not using FB, the advertising topics were re-generated as if the old content was there. Also a few posts that I marked as deleted popped back in and were showing again. But nevertheless, they advertise that they actually remove the content, when you delete the account (saying it can take a few months before they prune all the backups from it), so it would be fraud if they did not. Also EU, there's a right to delete. All sound like solutions to self-created problems. Struggle and fight abstractions? Some abstractions cause more trouble than they solve, and then create solutions to their own problems on top. That's the point. Older techie might have seen more abstractions, and choose more wisely the lesser complicated one for the job. Someone who knows little JS writes a few bad words about it, without much detail, and provides alternatives he knows. He also attributes the fact other people don't write in languages he knows, to psychosis, despite not being a psychologist. > automatic code splitting PHP has include()/autoload, you can structure your code any way you want. If you wonder about client side, the client side should be greatly reduced, by the virtue that page is ready to use as returned by the server. You'd just put JS code into a single script tag, and let it do its progressive enhancement when it's ready. Also you'd have much less JS code to load, because server is doing all the heavy lifting. So this is mostly a solution to a problem of having to put all the website's code into the browser first, even if you want to view a single page and go away. > routing I think routing is a fine feature, even for PHP. But all you need is about 100 lines of generic PHP code, you can reuse for the rest of your life. So yeah, I guess this is useful if you want nice URLs and common initialization code. But you can easily do without, either by using query parameters or URL rewriting. Really routing server side is such a simple problem it really is not even worth mentioning. It's always get me a final HTML code for some URL. Client side it can get quite complicated, because your job is to transition between arbitrary app states, or to restore the state based on the route, switch views, update things incrementally. Again, it's just because SPAs are this complicated, that routing is even a feature worth mentioning. > hot code reloading You can put setInterval() on your page that will iterate through all tags and reloads them every second, or you can hook it to a keyboard shortcut in the browser, to get immediate style changes, without reloading the page. Though your server side app should be able to withstand F5 without loosing state at any point. One trouble is usually form inputs state. The thing with server side apps is that you can modify the code and just try to submit the form again without reloading the page first. You're not loosing the state, because the state is in cookies, query parameters, url, and server side. None of this changes when you modify your server side code. So you shouldn't have these issues. This is the biggest benefit of server side web apps. > universal (server-side and client-side) rendering Unless the client side code is optional, that's a disadvantage vs the progressive enhancement solution, because it's still unusable without the client code. It's just a performance optimization for the problem of client side only rendering being slow. Even on twitter universal rendering is implemented in such a way that it's useless without client side code. You can't navigate, load more tweets, open images, nothing. It's just a gimmick. When this universal rendering thing starts to mean that I can either use server side code only, or let the client side code run if I want more modern crap that doesn't work server side apps, like DnD, etc. Then that would be a feature itself. Otherwise it's just a solution to its own problem of the SPAs. I don't think so. PHP has batteries included, yet there's bazillion of frameworks too. People just like to create their own stuff, doing ever smaller improvements, or disimprovements if they overengineer because of being dogmatic about OOP, patterns, etc. Libraries you can't avoid. There will be always something missing that someone needs. I couldn't care less about content creators. I'll start caring a little bit when they stop stealing from me every single time I buy a SD card, or HDD, or DVD, or whatever that has some storage in it that will never see any of their material. Until then... Piracy is also a form of protest and a valid one. It's a shame that when they make something worthwhile at times, I'll pirate it too, but if they want to be indiscriminate, I'll not bother discriminating either. To clarify: I live in a country where we have to pay tax to content creators organization every time we buy something with storage. And it's not an insignificant amount. Justification being: "It can be used for storing copyrighted material (music and movies)." Or you can have a banking computer, danger computer and social media computer with everything truly separate. These days, it's quite cheap, as you can get an ARM board with HDMI output for $18 incl shipping and no management engine blobs. You can create arbitrary local networks with it, and isolate concerns in separate hardware. If the "social desktop" get's compromised or even rooted, the attacker would still need to find a way through the physical router/firewall, etc. It would not be just a question of finding/using VM/container/chroot escape vulnerabilities. You can also air gap certain endpoints. Physical security? Use FDE and pop the sd card out of the SBC and take it with you when you're out of home. Security against rubber hose cryptoanalysis or 'contempt of the court' cryptoanalysis? Devise some way to quickly destroy the sd card when necessary. Then there's nothing to rubber hose you for. /s? Maybe. But it's all possible today, rather easy to do, and cheap. :) Sure it can. All it needs to do that is to emulate a HID device and act as an keyboard or mouse. You might notice when it starts opening cmd/shell and typing commands, or not, or at least not fast enough. Or you may not understand what's happening and ignore the black box that popped up for a while on your desktop. Well, I contributed to the dual licensed project, only to see the company increasing the price of their (somewhat related) monetized project 7 fold or so, screwing people over on the related product. Of course the contributors get nothing for their copyright assignment. It's like thank you for your contribution to our documentation system, now pay 7 times more for our main product you're also using. I'm wary of these schemes as a potential contributor. It limits the reciprocity. I'm much happier with projects that don't require free copyright assignment from their contributors. In some countries you'd still probably be sent an invoice to pay a fine for pirating anyway. Programming is mostly creating functions and interfaces to decompose problems into reusable parts where reuse makes sense. Nothing wrong with creating a simple function for making XMLHttpRequests or for fetch API. Most of the time there's no need for the level of generality of jQuery interfaces. Just by making a function you're not creating a library. Sometimes I find DOM API verbose too. Nevertheless the fix does not need to be a interface like jQuery to completely hide DOM API under another interface. It may be enough to extend the HTMLElement prototype a bit or write a function to "compress" the code a bit and make it more readable. How do you know the percentage. Some stuff you may just never know. I very consciously avoid websites I know use a lot of JS or are bloated on mobile. Mostly news websites. I often read in subway, where I need to load the page in 3-4 seconds or I'm in the tunnel again without the signal. In some stations I only get 50kbit/s or so. Most websites don't cut it so I don't even bother. Those who cut it though, I get engaged with more, because I can't go anywhere else without a signal. In a nice world I would write a scrapper + alternate website that hosts only the content and some simple navigation over plain HTML, preferably with as little CSS as possible. There's the annoyance of copyright though, so no way of making this public. Good point. :D Do you realize JavaScript is a prototype based programming language? It is a major and very useful feature of the language. There's no reason not to use it. There are some things to be careful about with interop if you need it, but that's it. What maintenance overhead? Current and future costs are reduced by making code simpler and cleaner in the first place by using prototypes efficiently. Also, to be clear, I'm suggesting adding new methods to DOM object prototypes, not changing behavior of existing methods. It absolutely is acceptable. There's a lot of hate being stirred towards ISIS, and violence is supported quite openly in the media, and also used in the real world. The west has enemies and stirs up hate and uses violence to target them, adding to the mayhem in the middle east, killing 10s of thousands of people every year. Violence is very acceptable for the western democracies. You have to be willfully ignorant not to see this, after the last two years and 70000 people killed by the coalition during that time. > You can fight terrorists, kill them but you can't kill the ideology. If you can't kill ideology you need to control it's spreading. What tools do we have to do that aside from moderating content? I'm somewhat hopeful for the "Redirect Method" method mentioned in the article. If the other content is not ridiculing and inflammatory, but reasonable, and fact based and balanced, it may actually work and be a good thing for some people. > UK attacks or any other attacks, ask yourself, what you would give up to get your dead child back. There's no getting back. Questions should be asked by regular people who didn't experience any harm yet. And also it should not only be selfish questions, but questions like "What harm I'm willing to inflict on others (inside and outside of my country) in the name of my supposed protection?" > You're confusing is with ought. How so? I don't see it. edit: Anyway. There's a lot of hate towards real or believed enemies of the west. It's easily visible online in news websites' comment sections, on social media, etc. It is somewhat rare to see people standing up against it. Even on platforms, where you need to provide gov. ID to be able to discuss, and your name is visible to others, people feel perfectly fine to spew hate against muslims, ISIS, or whatever in very non-measured ways. My point with the previous comment is, that it is important to realize the western hate and violence too and not to brush it away, because it's very significant in its effect on peoples lives. I'm not from the US, so it might be different in different countries. > Data subjects have a right to receive a copy of their personal data in a commonly used machine-readable format. Hopefully, this will work out better than the shit Facebook produces in its data export. While their HTML is technically machine-readable, the intention clearly was "here's your data, and fuck you for thinking of leaving, btw". Little to no metadata for the wall posts, for example, makes it almost useless. Not really, there's big refurbished computers market, where this stuff ends up. Probably not worth optimizing for something that has 7% market share. It works fine at 60fps on Radeon HD 5750 from 2009 on Linux. /smug Nice to see WebGL performing well on a seemingly old HW. Why? No, they will not. Fun, but insecure. Perhaps not this case, but analogies when used as persuasion devices, can get quite dangerous. It's important to realize when they are false, or misleading, or overly reductionist, in order not to fall for them. I certainly fell for a few false ones in the past. Sometimes only deeper meaning is that someone's trying to manipulate you. Forced vs voluntary migration is quite an important distinction. Argument is for removing barriers, not for forcing people to go somewhere. End game is escalation to more regional wars and more terrorism. Hard to see something else if response to terrorism is destruction of entire cities and driving former inhabitants further into poverty and ignorance. My guess. No. Just ask anyone who had gone through monetary reforms, or savings account taxation, or limits on withdrawals, or stuff like that. And you may have some faith in the government, but it can still fuck you up. Many of these interventions had come out of the blue for most people throughout history. Having hard limits on what governments can do is obviously beneficial especially for less informed people. Also normal people who just don't want to be fed the conclusions and sanitized images from the news outlets, and want to watch the actual thing in full length, compare information from multiple opposing sources, geolocate events, timestamp them, or whatever is up to their current fancy, to be able to form their worldview themselves also have a harder time. But that's nothing new, you already have to be quick, as links have been disappearing shortly after being posted for a long time. It doesn't need to be decided in any meaningful or principled way. The metric can simply be: whatever brings in more advertising money and less trouble from people in power. YouToube is no unbiased public service with higher moral or principled goals. It has to operate in a complicated world with many competing pressures from powerful entities. There are also videos made by murderous dictatorial regimes as a recruitment tool. YouTube has no problem with that. There are videos made by US to get more cannon fodder for their wars which also killed millions of innocent people over the decades. Where do you stop? I'm fine with stopping recruitment videos for war, but at least do it on principle as against the war, not just against a few particular organizations. It's ridiculous otherwise. It's just one belligerent suppressing the other one in a conflict. Nothing else. You missed the part where he personally sold porn to someone in Saudi Arabia. Type A? I tried to find if someone is compiling the list of these extensions, but I couldn't find anything. Presumably you inspect the thing you're including in your project first, if it seems trustworthy you mark whatever key you have as somewhat trustworthy. Then you inspect differences on version updates of your npm deps. If it still looks ok, you update your trust of the key. It's the same way you gain trust in something in real life, by watching actual behavior of someone over time. It is just assisted by technology. Then you can ignore the issue of email completely, because you're not basing your trust on authority of the author, but on his track record as determined by you. I bet you'll not find many attackers who would maintain some hijacked package for a few months, before launching their attack. Original author would probably notice something fishy too, given enough time. Lot of power being used for copyright enforcement lately. Yesterday it was NSA, now this. How much time until we see military getting involved? The child might simply get desensitized. Try watching disturbing violence (war images/videos for example) for a while yourself. Empathic response will blunt itself within a week or two. Reread the question you asked. You asked for elaboration on the feeling of insecurity about visiting US. The response was to the point. Sure. As an adult you can still continue seeing it as wrong (if you did before). It will just not give you chills. Trouble with children is that they may not yet have the moral compass for lack of a better phrase. I would find it important to talk to the child and ask him what he's thinking about the videos, and make sure he understands that the behavior in the videos is horrible, ends the life of another person, what that means, etc. I'd also make sure the child would not get trapped in some cycle of feeling guilty for simply watching some videos and having/not having whatever reactions to it. So a quick calculation. 1 zettabyte if stored on 4GB HDD, that's 250 million hard drives. That's without any redundancy. Quarterly production of hard drives is around 100-140 million. That's quite a big slice of global production. The buying operation of this scale should be visible somewhere on the price charts. 8TB HDD were manufactured only since 2014. Yes, but why backup the internet if you can't process the data afterwards without waiting for ages for the results. Seems more like the working environment is already hostile to people with similar ideas, rather than this person creating anything. Which I think was also his point. Thus the name of the document. Buying 100 mil. 8TB SSDs when SSD market is even smaller than HDD market would be not possible without everyone noticing. That's entire year (2015) of total SSD units production. 8TB drives would be at the time a tiny fraction of the total. It's a memo, not a scientific study. Goal is to point out issues for discussion. What I find interesting about all this is how many people take personal offense from statistics. (and conclusions drawn from statistics) The author seems to put an effort into explaining statistical distribution and what it means and what not. He's explicit that statistical observations can't be used to judge particular individuals. Draws a graph of overlapping distributions to drive the point home even more. I'm not sure why would anyone get offended by statistical observation. It's not personal by definition . Yes, really. It's not obvious to me why would people jump to conclusions like that. For example if I wanted to take things personally from my perspective from that memo, I could also find several points that I can misinterpret and get annoyed about. Perhaps some people are more likely to see themselves in general statements and fill the missing info with their speculation. It may be the same reason why some people are susceptible to horoscopes or fortune tellers, except that this would be more subtle. Sure, but many reactions were directly related to statistical claims. I'm finding these interesting. A lot of the time people use git to get source code to build and run on their computers. You can probably hide a nefarious code in many places, where it would be less noticeable, too, like pre-generated configure/Makefile.in scripts. I don't think anyone reads those. Another reason to welcome those new simpler configure/build systems like meson/ninja. They are delighted. People are being locked up based on content of their social accounts for years. Regime doesn't even need to get cooperation from the social networks themselves that much. They take your phone, make you unlock it and the off with you to a prison. One such example being Turkey. One way I know they don't delete stuff is that I cleared my entire history using delete buttons. Unfriended everyone, removed all the events, etc. The account looked clean. I also cleaned the ad categories or how they call it. It's interests they gather from your activity that they use to serve you ads. When I came back a few days later my ad interests were again filled with stuff obviously deduced from my posts that I deleted. Things I no longer care about, but posted in 2010, and obviously not visited recently, so they have no way of knowing what those interests are. Facebook is engaging in scummy activities obviously. They call most of those removal buttons "Delete", not "Hide". They just lie left and right. Data take out should instead be called data poop out, because that's the quality of the format you get of the data you provided them over the years. Actually that may be one of the less legal things they do. If you explicitly ask them to delete particular photo or whatever, they should delete it and not keep it to themselves. There may be for example issue with copyright. What if I posted something I don't have rights to and want to remove it? They obviously don't have right to it either, because I couldn't have given it to them. What are you talking about? They are deleting entire accounts of people who were filming their cities/districts being bombed by Russians, Assad or US/Coalition. (where there may not be any direct violence to any particular persons visible) Who will prosecute whom? Primary source historical material is being removed wholesale by some shitty "AI". Account of recent history is being erased. Researchers who want to put some account of history together will have harder job. They will not go to subpoena google to release some material they don't even know google has. People whose lives were destroyed by a dictator will see YouTube erasing evidence of what happened, often times leaving propaganda channels for the regime untouched. It's a disgrace. I actually came here today to try again to post about this issue, after deleting my Google/YouTube account, because I wholeheartedly disagree with this whole fiasco, that's going on for the last month or so. So I'm glad it's finally discussed. I'd rather take that, than be thrown into prison. There's a recent case of two Czechs traveling to Syria to help Kurdish cause in "Rojava", that were checked on a border in Turkey and revealed by posting stuff to Facebook. They got six years for terrorism both. They had terrible opsec though, the girl went to talk on TV about her activities in Rojava before leaving for Syria and also posted publicly on FB. I can imagine similar tech is used to delete [extremist] content on YouTube. And it's probably just as precise as this. I think the same goes for worrying too much about and trying to assert too much control over one's impulsive behavior. Like trying to eliminate it completely. It may paradoxically bring more of it. And of course it is: https://twitter.com/SyriaDirect/status/897130862986375173 All data, including user passwords, and all their content going through a third party. All exchanged for some dubious SEO benefits. What can go wrong? I think if you want to critique author's approach to discussion, you need to learn first what it actually was. It's a ridiculously high standard. The only way to not have to feel discriminated like that would be if you could control minds of all relevant people in the workplace and make absolutely sure they don't have any bad thoughts towards you. Otherwise if you're a type of person who worries about what others think about you, you'll always have a reason to feel crappy, imagining whatever negative thought may be going through other people's minds. Way out of this is to find a way not to care so much about what others think. Or if you suspect particular person of actual discrimination, talk to them, or report them specifically if you can't do that or it doesn't work. Solution is not to suppress discussion by firing people for discussing diversity. That just creates a truly hostile environment of fear of being fired for others. And discussion is not really suppressed anyway. Quite the opposite. So have you tried actually believing something politically completely different from what you believe right now? Because it's not really a choice. You can pretend play to advocate for whatever political ideology. The same way you can have sex with women even if you're gay or vice versa. You can choose your sexual behavior. But political orientation is not really a choice. It is perhaps a result of your choices, early influences, social group, etc. Find and support people who are against persecuting thought crimes within the country. I guess that's the framing you choose if you want to lock people up.