I've been going 10 years so far at something similar, and while I've taken a lot more than one photo a day on average, I'm still working on a mechanism to extract the interesting ones from the documentary chaff. I am trying to attack the problem by using extensive metadata to organize along different dimensions, but the resulting explanatory notes sort of ruin the magic of the mystery: http://james.lab6.com/photos/ SF is a writing style, not a set of technologies. Hence why Neal Stephenon's Baroque Cycle is SF despite including no SFnal technologies (except maybe an allusion to just one), and why The Time Traveller's Wife is mainstream, despite being about time travel, the most outlandishly SFnal concept there ever was. There is one important network effect they seem to be neglecting - the "big ball of mud" network effect of having hundreds of Excel spreadsheets all linked into each other, forming critical parts of the finance infrastructure of megacorps. This kind of end-user-computing nightmare is so hard to migrate away from that most companies can't even conceive how to do it. However, regulatory schemes like SOX in the USA and Solvency II and Basel III in Europe, are forcing the issue. Big banks and insurers won't be allowed to carry on running critical finance operations on such a fragile stack, so there are currently huge migrations away from Excel happening all across the financial services industry. Software like SAS and Business Objects seem to be the anti-Excels of choice. There will obviously still be Excel on the desktop, used for ad-hoc data manipulation and visualization, which is what it is actually good for, but this type of usage is much easier to replace with something like OpenOffice. Why does Google no longer offer the option to permanently remove a specific domain from your search results? My personal search quality would be dramatically improved if I could specify even a short blacklist. In fact, dear lazyweb: is there a browser extension or greasemonkey script that makes Google return 100 results at a time and then filters out the best 10 based on a blacklist? > The problem, says our source, is in relation to the "flimsy" hardware keyboard mechanism, which fell short of operator standards. It surprises me that operators would have such strict standards, given the junk I've seen them try to sell over the years. Maybe they are learning? I'd love to see other designs that have been rejected before hitting the market. For those of you worried about losing your life to another simulation game, I present: How Dwarf Fortress cured me of my Dwarf Fortress addiction once and for all - even though I've never played it: http://james.lab6.com/2010/05/25/withdrawal/ I would think IT departments would be more concerned with the cost of regression testing applications with a new piece of infrastructure. Same as with IE6. I've not come across an IT organization that wouldn't love to upgrade to the latest piece of kit, IF their customers were willing to pay the cost - remembering that much of the cost will be in terms of repaying technical debt incurred by short-sighted decisions to skip best practises (coding to standards, producing documentation, refactoring, ...) "very proprietary" does not usually imply "very strong". To be fair, understanding regular currency isn't exactly trivial. Most people seem to get by without understanding the finer points of banking, quantitative easing, M1, M2, etc.. And one might consider the ability of governments to manipulate their currencies for political reasons to be a security flaw. Nobody understands economics well enough to predict what Bitcoin will become. For a start, both of those pieces hinge on the dangers of a deflationary spiral. But it is far from clear or agreed how such a spiral would work, or whether it would encounter a natural limiting factor. To the extent that deflation might cause a decrease in demand, it's not even clear that that's a bad thing - because we live in such a consumption-oriented economy it's hard for economists to even conceive of - let alone analyze - the idea that people might only spend money when they need to. Before 2011, I'd never been athletic and I don't naturally have a runner's build, but this year I started entering road races - first a 10K, then a half-marathon, and now a marathon. By committing to running the race, I am incentivized to train hard. That's a roundabout way of saying that I do a lot of exercise. I can't recommend this highly enough for so many reasons, but to answer your question, one particular benefit is that I've found this regulates my appetite to the point where I eat only the calories that I need . Do you have an example of mathematics that could be made more accessible but hasn't been? That's totally the standard way that all mathematicians think about n-dimensional spaces. I've never heard a mathematician claim math is the universal solution to all problems... sounds like you had a bad high school experience. Do you need a math-hug? :) Not sure what it means for a particular technology to "die". A lot of "dead" technologies are "alive" and kicking in the Enterprise world. Perhaps "undead" is the word you're looking for... Windows 7 is version 6.1. Welcome to the world of model versioning, where nothing means anything! No. I just don't go back to websites with annoying ads. I have yet to come across a website with utterly compelling content and also utterly intolerable ads. Brazil has a 60% import tax. Not sure if this applies to everything but it does to individuals and small businesses. Brazil is on fire. Flush with oil money, 90% of electricity from renewable sources, a bottomless pit of energy and enthusiasm being held back only by corruption. Large corporations run lots of browser-based applications. To upgrade these applications, or even to regression test them - even in virtual environments - costs money. Any money they spend on IT comes out of their profits, or is added onto their prices. Would you pay an extra 5 bucks to buy your car insurance from a company that has ditched IE6? Bitcoin now is like the internet was in 1985. There is a huge stack of infrastructure yet to be built in order to deliver on the early pre-hyped promises. I don't think anybody understands this domain well enough to predict the outcome; it's very clearly in an experimental phase. It may well be ridiculous to believe Bitcoin will replace the dollar (much as some believed the internet would replace all manner of things which still happily co-exist), but surely more ridiculous to dismiss it when the experiment has barely begun. No, there is a very simple, well-defined and difficulty-independent metric of Bitcoin mining performance: hashes per second. Asking what specifically caused the crisis is like asking which hamburger caused your obesity. This is a problem that has been building over decades, and it will take decades to solve. What's wrong with booting instances from EBS-backed images? A lot of capitalists also promote growth, but growth is not a necessary condition for capitalism. Any hints from Amazon on whether they intend to provide Elastic IPv6 addresses? Well the headline at least is correct: even in a dire emergency, panic is the wrong response. The first two changes feel related. What change do you suppose they made to their infrastructure that has enabled these features? How do you scan 230,000 pages of paper? Given an arbitrarily long or short sequence of numbers, random or otherwise, it is possible to find a polynomial which interpolates them, hence gives a reasonable rule for finding the next number in the sequence. Glad to see the i8k mentioned. I have one, its screen is indeed an incredible thing, and it's still working in tip top condition today. I find tech kit either breaks within weeks or lasts forever. This question should be answered with a challenge. " You won't use math, but your boss will." There is a huge economy of scale working in Google's favor: deduplication. The more users they can de-dupe across, the cheaper their raw storage becomes. To compete, perhaps smaller backup services could agree "reinsurance" contracts with each other, exchanging lists of file hashes... It sounds like your [X] is sed and lex. Your comment sounds clever, but I have read neither. Could you please elaborate? So after a very brief read of Wikipedia, the voting-via-hashpower mechanism of Bitcoin seems to me to be a form of social contract, whereby users consent to be governed by the rules laid down by the majority. How is one supposed to go about debugging these freezes? None of the comments on the bug appear to offer any insight into the actual cause, or offer much help in narrowing down the possibilities. Technology is definitely a force amplifier, so I guess it's not surprising that it will amplify pre-existing anti-patterns. Those early reports of the Galaxy S3 being lawyer-ugly were overhyped. I'm typing on one now and I find it quite sleek. People use the word Socialism when they mean something like "perversion of incentives". We perceive that Socialism incentivizes bad choices, like having more children than you could afford without government benefits, or making investments that appear less risky because you assume a government bailout will protect you. As you point out, the nordic countries show that perverse incentives don't necessarily follow from Socialism. And indeed, America has its own non-Socialist perverse incentives such as encouraging pollution by not enforcing payment of the environmental externalities. But all things considered globally, more socialism does tend to imply more perverse incentives. Bitcoin is not backed by anything at all, which is part of what makes it such a fascinating experiment, and part of why it is so successful at challenging peoples' assumptions about what money really is. A bit like us having a 4ZB hard disk from the future? I can definitely tell the difference between that and infinite. The Europe (Ireland) location is pretty high up the "nothing interesting ever happens here" scale. Best of luck to them. I hope they succeed to the point where interesting ethical issues are raised. Doesn't Windows accept forward slashes in most situations? $0.10 per IOPS-month? Is that per volume or does volume size enter into the equation? I.e. would two 10GB 100IOPS volumes cost twice as much as one 20GB 100IOPS volume? Wow, this is the first I've heard of the balloon mission. I wonder how long the balloons stayed afloat after the batteries ran down... If nobody is interested in Windows 8, I expect the next best option is Windows 7 for the next 10 years - the new XP. I put Ubuntu 12.04 on a Lenovo T410. It's not thin and it's not that speedy, particularly when it comes to 3D graphics performance, but everything worked out of the box with absolutely no configuration or fuss, and on that basis I would recommend it. They might get away with Aardvark, Excel-style... What percentage of the world's population was using the internet in 1983? Sci-fi has trained us to expect all the things you mention so when they arrive we probably won't feel that anything much has changed. Doesn't help in the dark, which happens to me every night as I put it onto charge. Dave Lister: Sometimes I think it's cruel giving machines a personality. My mate Petersen once brought a pair of shoes with artificial intelligence. Smart Shoes, they were called. It was a neat idea. No matter how blind drunk you were, they would always get you home. Then he got ratted one night in Oslo, and woke up the next morning in Burma. See, the shoes got bored just going from his local to the flat. They wanted to see the world, man, y'know? He had a helluva job getting rid of them. No matter who he sold them to, they'd show up again the next day! He tried to shut them out, but they just kicked the door down, y'know? Arnold Rimmer: Is this true? Dave Lister: Yeah! Last thing he heard, they'd sort of, erm, robbed a car and drove it into a canal. They couldn't steer, y'see. Arnold Rimmer: Really?! Dave Lister: Yeah. Petersen was really, really blown away by it. He went to see a priest. The priest told him, he said, it was alright, and all that, and the shoes were happy, and they'd gone to heaven. Y'see, it turns out shoes have soles. -- Red Dwarf, 1988. Isn't the modern replacement the web browser? A browser these days can do anything a C64 could do, in a safe, easy to debug environment, that comes preinstalled on every PC. If Bitcoin becomes the currency of the entire future economy, the initial distribution method will have been proved to be a non-issue. More likely, Bitcoin will be one currency amongst many, and the early adopters will sell their windfall gradually according to supply and demand. Could they not simply be rocky outcrops that are covered and uncovered by seasonal sandstorms? Yeah these do kind of look like they have shadows. Plus a rocky outcrop could still be fairly flat and cast minimal shadows. I say it's rock and call Occam's razor on the other theories. This is the main reason I'm skeptical of central government databases. Not because of the miniscule chance of them enabling a police state, but because of the very great chance that the data will not be properly safeguarded. Digital lock with built in dynamo (pull down lever?) to generate the miniscule power required to operate it? While physical media formats and hardware interfaces become obsolete all the time, it's something of a myth that file formats do the same. Even proprietary formats can usually be read by digging up a copy of the software that created them (in theory this software may be lost, but typically it is not). The one major exception is DRM'd files where the keys have been lost. Search for zfec. Allows you to split a file into N chunks, only M of which are required to reconstitute the original. Protects against N-M independent errors/corruptions. There is no such thing as intrinsic value, whether economic value or moral value, whether of goods or of people. Value is subjectively assigned by people, according to the push and pull of their own internal motivations. So it is meaningless to talk about value without asking: valued by who? Some people (say, my family) are hugely more "valuable" to me than others. I'm assuming handset and service cost are just two of your provider's costs among many: infrastructure, salaries, debt, risk... Cost per TB for storage is a tiny proportion of the total costs of a data warehouse. "Organic" - is there a "green baloney detection kit" that outs stuff like this? Worse, they'll go public with the world's most awesome restore-from-backup service and everyone will love it, for the low price of incriminating yourself in future crimes (but you're not planning to commit any crimes anyway, right?). This is a tempting option in so many situations, not just software. But it never works because you can never wipe the slate truly clean. The state of the world is dependent on the previous state of the world. I work with the English language every day, and so I have no respect for the rights of people who can't even spell the word "need" correctly. Is that what you're saying? :-) And makes clear that DRY is just a handy catchphrase for the design principle of normalization. Along with the environment, what other aspects of our world are fundamentally socialized? I'm thinking things like risk of asteroid impact. Damaging but not fatal. Bitcoins are divisible down to 8 decimal places so the value would just scale up according to the reduced supply. And 8 decimal places is a software limit; a revised protocol could increase that. SQL is an excellent tool for a data warehouse, or any situation where there is value in separating data design from application design. In such situations the infamous o/r impedance mismatch is arguably a good thing. All quite true but I'll drop in here that the Fields medal is only available up to age 40. 12 years ago I quit gaming because decent titles weren't available for Linux. I now have a great job and family, part of which I attribute to spending thousands of hours learning about life and technology instead of playing games. Give it up people, video games = fast-forwarding your life. (Actually I'm not really suggesting being that strict. I did return to play the occasional top title like Portal 2, but on a strictly controlled diet. Gaming should be a small enough part of your life that such DRM is a non-issue) I don't get it, don't you have to buy, cook, eat every day even when you are working? There's going to be a major demand in Cyprus over the next few days and weeks for a non-bank store of wealth. More likely they'll take the hit now, then if the crisis passes, launch lawsuits against the government to claim it back. Or a political party will adopt a manifesto pledge to return the stolen money upon election victory. > because the price is going up too fast to ever be paid back, and if it ever stops going up, people will be dumping it too fast for an interest rate Is it implausible that these two forces would reach a relatively stable equilibrium, like stocks? What attack are you referring to? Seems odd to describe this as a polynomial-time attack, and I would argue incorrect to describe the result as "broken crypto", as this has little to do with the cryptographic components of Bitcoin, and is more a fundamental design limitation. As a workaround, merchants will just demand more confirmations for higher-valued transactions, like waiting for a check to clear. Checks and physical cash also wouldn't meet your definition of formal security, but seem to work in practice. Not a fatal issue. A plain $ sign is very often used to mean a non-U.S.-dollar currency, with minimal confusion due to context. I tend to think that capitalism is what helps prevent people from getting into desperate situations in the first place (e.g. by letting a family accumulate wealth so that the children start with a buffer). But it has no direct answer for people already in desperate situations, hence the necessity of charity. Actually I believe the main driver of the recent price increase is several high-profile (in the tech world at least) organisations starting to accept it. I found one of the comments interesting: that the monkey/ladder experiment could be a myth. I think they already did, and it's called Pirates of the Caribbean. The MI games draw heavily from that theme (which predates them, in the form of the ride). There may not be room in the market for another variation. I don't quite buy the analogy. Seems to me that part of the problem was having tokens that could only be exchanged for one thing, and even then at a fixed exchange rate. It's not yet clear whether Bitcoin is money, or whether it is some strange new hybrid of asset and currency for which conventional wisdom does not apply and for which historical analogies fail. There was a time when I would have felt seriously behind the times using my 3.5 year old PC. Maybe I just have different priorities now, but I no longer feel any compulsion to upgrade. I'm not aware of anything that a new PC can do that my current one can't, besides an incremental, barely noticeable speed bump. On a related note, am I right in thinking that we are currently in the longest ever gap between new HD capacities? 4TB has been the top size for two years now. Isn't it more plausible that public debt is caused by government deficit spending, which causes economic growth, but a temporary kind of growth that is only as good as the government's ability to continue spending? Is there evidence for or against the existence of multipliers? Sorry if this is a basic question. You could then multiply by 2 trillion to work out their total data volume under management, which I believe they consider commercially sensitive information, but I can't quite put my finger on why. I like conversation starters like this but the headline is extreme linkbait, which tends to insult the intelligence of readers. Just my opinion of course, but it seems that designers who think primarily in terms of the application will prefer to use an ORM to abstract away details of the storage layer; whereas a designer who thinks primarily in terms of data will prefer to write SQL, with the application being just one of many possible applications of that data. Am I the only one who finds email signatures entirely obsolete nowadays? 99% of the people I email already know me, and can look up any of those details in an address book or social network. On the rare occasion I'm making first contact, I'm more likely to take care over communicating further contact info in the body of the email. If that's 1 billion new objects created every day, then I believe that puts them somewhere in AWS's top 1 customer. The docs really are great. I once downloaded the whole lot as a PDF and read it from the beginning on my phone during downtime (like 15 mins on the train). Read all the way through to the parts that discuss internals then stopped. I now appreciate it as a relational database, not just as a storage backend. Not so sure storage costs have dropped so much. Hard drives aren't getting bigger (4TB is two years old now) and electricity and other data center costs have risen. Sorry if this sounds harsh, I mean no harm, just asking you to consider... There are plenty of women out there who would be happy to date you. You are the one filtering them out. Consider women over 40 and women with children. Those groups have huge problems finding men. Works both ways. I believe a krait is a kind of snake if you want to go for that angle. Ditto :-) There was a Python freighter too! Kinda interesting, but really not a big deal. The distribution mechanism is working as intended, just faster. Do you have a citation showing a fall in standard of living since 1970? Sorry, I wish I had time to watch an hour-long YouTube video :( I was hoping that, if this claim were true, it would be easy to demonstrate with a graph or some numbers. Reality check: for all the ills of warrantless wiretapping, computers are still an overwhelmingly positive force for enlightenment, empowerment and liberation of people across the world. Nobody's claiming computers can't be used for evil. I'm just saying let's not lose sight of all the good stuff they enable which is orthogonal to whether or not their users are being monitored. Unless the engineers are concerned about detection and choose somehow to radiate in only one narrow direction, pointed away from any nearby stars. Does a shell/python script that writes a httpd.conf file count as a configuration API? Really, how can they get away with the word "unlimited" in the title there? The limit is mentioned in the first paragraph: 360TB/disc (whatever a disc is... though I assume it is something which does not exist in unlimited quantities). Still, nice work! Data storage capacity is a great metric of our digital quality of life. No disrespect to the students involved, but that experiment has not been reproduced in a rigorous test environment as far as I'm aware. It would be an extraordinary result so I would be disinclined to accept it without extraordinary evidence. Dishonest linkbait headline. It would be helpful if file managers gave better cues as to file size. A barn is obviously different to a letter, but a one byte file is normally given the same icon as a one terabyte file. While I share your optimism, there's a very large gap between "demonstrated in the lab" and the point where you can laugh at that assumption. Are there any proven life extension techniques beyond calorie restriction and regular exercise? I see a lot of possibilities and early research projects, but essentially nothing in the way of results. You work to pay for what you want. If you want less, then you can work less. Those millions of Buddhists are very happy to live in a capitalist world. I'm no expert but in the UK there seems to be wide consensus that giving directly to beggars is counterproductive, to the extent that charitable organisations spend time and effort putting up posters round cities reminding people of this. Exercise and training make sport unfair! Top athletes spend hours and hours at it, every day, often forsaking a normal life and education, sometimes even ruining their bodies in the process. And in doing so they gain a decisive advantage over those who don't spend so long training. While it makes me uncomfortable to think of anyone being forced into a new language, I like the idea that this increases the number of people who can talk to each other. I use KeepassX on Linux, Windows and Android. Sure it is, just use an external CPU in the docking station. Yes, it would be very useful to have a single OS image that could scale its user interface and capabilities to the hardware it finds attached at any given moment. Your first line of code is much better. It optimizes for clarity, presenting the programmer's intention in a simple logical sequence. It also likely optimizes for programmer time and mental expenditure. Most people in history have lived under various degrees of oppression, and most have found it preferable to not living at all. The problem of population growth exists regardless of life extension technology. The solution we are headed for already is that a lot of people will simply starve to death. I believe the simpsons had an internet cafe named The Java Server. Not sure how it works in the US but last time I bought a new phone in the UK I calculated the total cost of ownership over 24 months of various options, including buying the phone unlocked plus a SIM-only airtime deal, and getting the phone-plus-airtime on a contract. The contract worked out cheaper. That's a subsidy isn't it? "I don't understand" is an idiom in which the user feigns ignorance in order to paint an opinion as so irrational that the only explanation for it being held must be some unknown mitigating factor. With the holder of the opinion typically absent, no such mitigating factor is offered, and through a kind of proof by contradiction, the user hopes to score a victory for his opposing viewpoint without having to actually come up with any arguments. Nice idea for a battery-free wireless feature, but then I guess we'd be complaining about this security issue. I wonder what the FBI will do with the seized bitcoins! I'm very much not convinced by the idea that banks have technology at their core with a mere wrapping of business functions around it. Having worked for a bank for many years, I'd say it's exactly the other way round. Management of capital, liquidity, risk, etc. are the true core banking elements. It is also simpler, in the sense that it presents a left-to-right order that visually illustrates the pipeline, without the incongruous left-facing angle bracket. If you compiled the source and obtained exactly the same binary as is offered for download, would that prove the binary was unmolested? I'm guessing there are many reasons why the binary might turn out to be different for non-suspicious reasons (different compiler versions/flags/environment...?), in which case would it be hard to enumerate all those reasons and rule them all out as the cause of a difference? Plus I guess Visual Studio could be backdoored to recognise the TrueCrypt source code and insert malicious code? Large orgs want guarantees and certainty, and so typically look for software support from other large organizations. Easier to hold IBM to account than a small independent vendor who may have gone out of business by the time you need them. Yes, this is an expensive approach. Who is selling support for Puppet and Chef? I'm surprised how often that's repeated given that it's not true at all. Obscurity is a totally legitimate security technique. Maybe not the strongest one, and hopefully not your only defense, but it's clearly got some value. >someone other than the people doing the work get to decide how the work is done and how to spend the surplus of value that work generates. Who do you mean here? Foreman, manager, executive, owner... these are all real jobs that do real work. Owners ensure the efficient allocation of capital. Their job is to pull investment from unprofitable activities and move it to profitable ones. They may only make one or two decisions a year, but those are weighty decisions with large consequences. With good decisions may come large profits with what looks to an outsider to be little effort, but they may also lose it all with just one mistake... appointing the wrong CEO, or failing to liquidate the company when it ceases to be profitable... Now there may certainly be issues with corporate governance and conflict with non-financial goals like environmental sustainability, but that's a wholly different complaint to the suggestion that there is a non-working class at the helm. I'd probably put it down to mathematics and comedy writing both being high-IQ activities. I read that people on their deathbeds, when asked about their regrets, wished they hadn't spent so much time worrying, and had spent more time with their families. Not that I disagree with what you've said, but browsers aren't a platform for learning to program on a tablet. It's important to note that that $450bn isn't just ploughed into the ground each year. That's the wages of taxi drivers, truck drivers, mechanics, engineers, and all their associated support. While losing all that will be a net win for the economy, we're talking about millions of people becoming unemployed. This is not a new problem. Automation has already rendered a very large part of the world's population economically unnecessary. You might wish to physically transport key material for a one-time-pad-based interstellar crypto system. Low wage does not always imply low skill. You can find low wage employees who are extremely skilled at what they do. Their problem is that their skill, however high, is common, and so the laws of supply and demand drive their wage down. I feel obliged to mention that I have an i8k and it's still working beautifully. You could always defund the government by giving your taxable income to charity. But I expect most people think they deserve their income more than the government doesn't deserve it. Amen. The whole concept of collectibility is highly dubious, and most "collectibles" are declared such by marketing departments trying to push completionists' buttons. But the collection will never be complete while there is still a supplier making money from every sale! This happened in the UK to stamp collectors who took pride in owning every first day cover. Royal Mail realised they could increase revenue by massively increasing the number of new stamp designs issued, and collectors railed against the escalating cost of keeping their collections complete. See also Warhammer, Disney Inifinity, and a bunch of other pay-to-play endeavours. Unwise indeed. Don't give 100% away, just give the taxable part away. Don't most countries have a personal tax-free allowance? Trouble is, without evidence it's hard to distinguish between plausible-but-true and plausible-but-false theories, and Occam's razor usually finds the prosaic explanations simpler. Technology is a force multiplier. If there was a gap between the most and least able before, it will be larger now. I feel that using cockroaches like this might be justifiable for the purpose of research, but doing this for what amounts to entertainment is quite dark. People can do both good and bad things. I feel this is very obvious but rarely acknowledged - perhaps due to our immensely polarising media which can only deal in simple narratives. What happens to farmers who don't buy new seeds and just reuse seeds from their current crop, licensed or otherwise? Are there examples of them being pursued by patent lawyers? I too see unemployment (or rather, the diminishing demand for labor) as the key political issue of the 21st century. I can imagine a point by which the vast majority of humans simply aren't needed to provide services to the owners of capital. I don't have any answers. What is a better proxy for military power: manpower or manufacturing capacity? I'd argue that war has become as high-tech and automated as everything else, and you no longer need a large standing army to dominate. Then neither the West nor East will have jobs and millions more will join the ranks of "human surplus"... To do a PhD you have to be smart enough to be able to do one, and dumb enough to actually do one. I don't wish to minimise his situation but it seems like he considers his father's suffering not quite as bad as his own suffering were he just to do the killing himself and take the jail sentence. Ebooks may just be like digital cameras were in the 1990s: full of promises, but some way off a compelling replacement for film cameras. How long before iPads come with hundreds of 600dpi screens, each double sided, flexible, 0.1mm thick, and stacked in a hinged pile to form a truly digital book? I've seen a lot of genuine charity motivated by religion, but we seem to have thrown the baby out with the bathwater on that one. We talk about the disincentive to work. But do we actually need that much work doing? Are there actually jobs for everyone? Seems like the main problem a basic income scheme might cause is simply overpopulation. Kept waiting for the punchline where the friend has moved to Las Vegas and a total replan is required. Sounds like a situation where X-Sendfile could help? I keep extensive paper notes, mostly in sequential "lab book" style, pages dated and numbered, with a different colour pen for each day of the week. I don't fuss too much over structure beyond that, and anything for wider distribution I write up on a computer. I've seen people struggle with tablets and laptops for note taking, but I find they are some way off the free-flowing UX of pen and paper. I'm a big fan of Tap Log. Semi-structured notes and logging, lightning fast. Not free. Only tried on Android. How good can this tech get? Could you print an ultra-high dpi image, put ultra-fine lenses over it, and turn it very slowly to get several minutes of video? I personally see a danger in over-narration. History and journalism alike are written by people trained to be storytellers. But why should there be an overarching story? The real world is messy and rarely breaks down into simple, digestible narratives. There is no beginning, middle and end. There are no villains or heroes. There are, at best, subplots. Trying to connect the dots is what fuels conspiracy theories - which are typically compelling because we believe deeply that somebody has to be in control somewhere, that there has to be order behind the chaos. Perhaps there are patterns if not stories. Perhaps statistics could tell the story properly, if we had any good data (we don't). History stories typically gloss over nuance, with the aim of producing a more manageable summary. In the local dialect, you might call them the ultimate leaky abstraction. I don't have any solutions so mope over! > Are we all in this together or are we all not? Who is "we all"? I'm sure he's thinking of "all Americans", but if the idea is to help people you don't know who are less fortunate than you, what is the moral basis on which we restrict that generosity to just Americans? Nations and citizenship are arbitrary divisions. If someone is in need, help them, regardless of what their passport says. That's not socialism, it's charity. And charity is capitalism's solution to suffering: aid, given freely. Edit: though when it comes to the environment, capitalism has no answer, as the environment is fundamentally socialised. It costs very little to merely survive. A warm coat and a bowl of soup twice a day is survival. I see the collapse in demand for human labor as the key political issue of the 21st century. So many of us are just not required by our economy. If you are an American taxpayer, you can withdraw your support by giving away to charity all of your income above your personal tax allowance. Is there actually something non-deterministic about PHP? If not it seems like a better programmer would simply be aware of the language's less elegant features and work around them. Who said PHP was a good tool? I'm responding to the parent comment asserting that being a better programmer won't help you, which is clearly not true. All our tools are deficient to a greater or lesser extent, and part of what defines the skill of a programmer is working with the tools you have, working around their deficiencies, and resisting the urge to engage in architecture astronautism. If you have a choice, sure, don't use PHP. But if you don't have a choice, PHP won't stop you shipping a quality product. One of the main problems humanity would have in recovering from a collapse of civilization would be the absence of fossil fuel reserves that we used to bootstrap civilization the first time round. Could this process be run in a low-tech manner to synthesise the oil necessary to get us back up running again? Maybe I'm just That Guy, and maybe your example is from a non-critical system, but if you are dealing with a highly available mission critical system, any change carries a risk, even the act of deployment. The tension probably arises from disagreement over what is critical. Servicing technical debt sometimes costs more than refactoring. Sometimes not. A good manager/programmer can decide which situation they are in and act accordingly. I would be interested to hear how HN readers approach charity. I personally am constantly struggling with questions like: once my basic needs are met, how can I possibly justify not giving the rest of my income to life-saving causes? My working theory is a combination of (a) my basic needs are actually quite high when you consider the many potential rainy days for which I must save, (b) I don't know enough to donate with confidence that my money is doing more good than harm (this Gates letter addresses some of my concerns here), and (c) I must simply come to terms with being selfish to the point where I would rather spend money on a candy bar than a life-saving vaccination for someone else. Their m1.small is still a pretty good deal if you're in need of root access to an OS image, and your capacity needs are very small. Anyone aware of anything comparable? If you feel pride because of the achievements of your compatriots, you should also feel shame because of their crimes. I guess some people are happy to accept that shame if it means they can share in the pride too. But I suspect most people who feel proud of their country would wash their hands of the shame by saying the crimes were nothing to do with them. Fairweather collectivists! If we can never be judged then you cannot judge those who support our current system of inequality of rights and wealth - they are just acting according to their two variables. What language features would you have or not have if you designed a language with knowledge of "modern JIT technology"? Do you mind if I ask what your use case is that demands an upsert? Without knowing much about your actual application (i.e. treat the following with utmost skepticism!), my instinct would be to separate the fact of observing a name from the fact of the observation count. I would keep a log table and a summary table like this: CREATE TABLE namelog ( name TEXT ); CREATE TABLE namesummary ( name TEXT, seen int ); Then each time you see a name, log it: INSERT INTO namelog VALUES (%s) Then on a regular basis, run a housekeeping/summary process like this: CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE prevsummary AS SELECT * FROM namesummary; TRUNCATE namesummary; INSERT INTO namesummary SELECT coalesce(a.name, b.name) as name, coalesce(a.seen,0) + coalesce(b.seen, 0) as seen FROM prevsummary a FULL OUTER JOIN (SELECT name, count(*) as seen FROM namelog GROUP BY name) b ON a.name=b.name ; DELETE FROM namelog; This of course is grossly space-inefficient, but making the logging process INSERT-only should enable a great degree of concurrency - and you can tune the summary process to run as often as necessary to keep memory/disk usage within your available resources. If concurrency isn't an issue, then your initial solution is probably fine. It definitely splits a longest road but does it obstruct you in building further? The space of possible JPEGs is vast. You might find that there is less commonality between any given JPEGs than you expect, even considering a corpus of billions, and even when most JPEGs are of similar subjects. Dropbox has an unlimited plan for $795. Interesting point for me is that those who serve over HTTP only are not vulnerable, which I think is a good case study in the risk of complexity. A lot of security experts have been calling for HTTPS everywhere, on the basis that it is low cost. Clearly there is a cost to the extra complexity, and in this case a bug in the security layer that results in a worse situation than if there had been no security layer at all. MITM is only one type of attack, which is largely irrelevant to public sites serving non sensitive information. But server memory is always private and could assist in escalation of a further attack. Solution 3: cease trusting StartSSL certs issued before 2014-04-07? This is implied by the request itself but is it possible to implement? They increased mine to 2TB, no questions asked. This was a new term for me, though I recognise the behaviour. I think the term will help fight it. Reminds me of the phrase "false balance" which was also new to me recently. Names are so important! > It's perfectly possible to drive very fast without driving badly I do get what you're saying, and it's clearly true on some level, but your statement rings all kinds of alarm bells for me, most notably that almost everyone considers themselves a good driver, and many feel that their skill justifies that they be exempt from the rules. But people are terrible judges of their own skill, and I would urge anyone who feels justified in driving outside the normal speed range to seek independent verification that their driving skill is outside the normal range. > Using clock speed as a simple way to determine which CPU is faster than another is just plain wrong. But neither of the posts you've replied to in this subthread have recommended that. The assembly version looks simpler and more maintainable than any of the C versions. What's the overhead of using it? Having to rewrite for each architecture you target (likely to be only 2 or 3)? If this level of optimisation matters to you then I guess you'd be down in assembly anyway? If you pay for the business account, you get unlimited space. If you actually do use multiple terabytes, then the per-GB cost is pretty good. What a legend. I love reading about works of obsession and solo perseverance over time. Possibly derived from the Usenet habit of putting an "Ob" footer reference to a piece of pop culture, to demonstrate hipness. Are there stats on whether having a disability makes you more or less likely to make a purchase in a given product category? E.g. does having a disability correlate with not having a job, which correlates with having less disposable income, which correlates with making fewer purchases? Or does a disability correlate with going out less which might correlate with spending more time and money online? bash enable sounds like a potential attack vector for executing code on a filesystem that would otherwise not allow it. There are countless examples of where allowing non-ASCII identifiers makes code more readable in non-English languages. For example a Brazilian coder might write país = "Brasil" Without the accent, pais means fathers rather than country. Imagine how constraining it would be to code in a language that disallowed vowels in identifiers (perhaps because it had been designed by Hebrew speakers). That's how most of the world experiences Python 2. I think the point re rich-vs-poor is that efficient pricing should be decoupled from wealth redistribution initiatives. An inefficient allocation of resources only has the side-effect of kind-of sort-of assisting the poor. The real solution is to efficiently allocate resources, and then separately take action to correct economic injustice. Does that mean men from a mainstream western community are unsuitable marriage material too?