What do you envision as the use case for this? You are not insane, but if you don't have a specific use in mind, you're bordering on being an architecture astronaut. Simple scheme implementations sans closures/callcc exist in ridiculously short amounts of code (100 lines or so), for just about any underlying language. But none of them is very useful. An interpreter such as you describe is practically guaranteed to make this too slow for any real use. It is my opinion that non of the "memory-to-memory" tasks is holding any better language back; if anything, it's accessing the real world and/or accessing other systems. The tasks you listed are usually available with a new language as part of its standard library, albeit not feature complete or with a standard interface. An implementation such as you suggested may provide a feature complete, standardised solution -- however, it will not be convenient due to "impedance mismatch" (differing object models / storage models / needed conversions back and from, etc). Validating an email address is all good, but without shelling out to /usr/bin/mail or tcp access, you can't actually send it -- and whatever you use for actually sending it probably has a validator already. Parsing, specifically (most of your examples) has relatively good language agnostic support in such things as the GOLD parser --- and yet, it always loses in convenience to a system that lets you embed implementation language constructs, such as yacc / lex / ometa / antlr / lemon and friends. Sorry for being a little non constructive, but I think that without a concrete, specific use case that clearly demonstrates an advantage, this project may be interesting philosophically, but useless in practice. When you work out an example compare: (cost of implementing said feature from scratch in a new language) to (cost of implementing interpreter + conversions from language + conversion of results back to language idioms + ... + in each language + 1/6 feature (amortized over 6 languages)). Take into account unicode and charset handling because you value correctness above all. I think you'll find it hard to justify. What are those languages somewhat devoid of libraries, and what is the large body of methods that can actually fit in this list of yours that you believe are holding language adoption back? I surely lack breadth of knowledge and imagination, but I can't come up with these lists. Back in '2000 or so, there were approximately 40 products in that space - I counted because I was working on one. They all required some form of download - and non of them got critical mass. Odigo Communicator; ICQ Surf; Zadu; Hypernix Gooey; Cahoots GetWebby; and a whole lot more. Also, there was an IE addin called 3rd voice that let you annotate a site for others. I wonder if now is a better time for this kind of products. There is so much contradicting evidence that it's not even funny. read Gary Taubes, Michel Cabanac, Seth Roberts. Do you know how the magical "1g protein = 4kcal, 1g carbohydrate = 4kcal, 1g fat = 9kcal" numbers were reached? Hint: They were never measured in vivo, or in vitro cells -- the follow from a very fragile theory, which breaks in every way you look at it -- and yet, it's considered "science. His diet as presented doesn't, but if you read his research notes (specifically, read through "what makes food fattening?") you'll see his own personal evidence/anecdote for this, and how it sits with other results. (But basically, beyond his own anecdote and theory which does not imply or contradict anything about calories, he mostly channels and enhances Cabanac and Israel) Other pointers: http://www.kuro5hin.org/story/2002/11/14/22741/791 - for an older version of K (from 2002), still very relevant. http://kx.com/q/d/ has the docs you're looking for (for a language called "q", which is exactly k with more english and less symbols). You can download a runtime from the kx website Dude, I'm in the market for a UK based VPN, but your IPHouse speed test is not responding. How do you know that "these cases of bad science are few compared to the good"? Seriously, whenever money or prestige is involved, the bad science has a much better chance. Quite a few people suggested gpg/hash or public key. If you do that (I wouldn't), be sure to include fluff before and after the number inside your signed message; A credit card has ~30 bit of randomness, and if you know the hashed/encrypted (even if salted) version of the hash, a hacker can just enumerate the credit card number to see if it comes out the same. It's not just the credit card numbers that are valuable -- it's the combination of credit card number + billing address that are generally required to make a purchase. 30 bit enumeration can require just a few minutes (or even seconds) on modern CPUs and GPUs. So, if you do store them this way, fluff them front and back with random data that you ignore when decoding. What would I do? Make sure the user has a password (Use HMAC/bcrypt to verify password; DO NOT STORE PASSWORD!); When the user logs in, derive key from password using a different HMAC with different salt, and store in memory/session vars only for as long as needed. Use that key to encrypt the credit card number with a symmetric cipher, e.g. AES; make sure to purge these keys from memory/session directory early and often. Advantage: You don't have access to the credit card on record even if you (or a rogue employee) wants to. Active participation from user _required_ to get access to data. If your server is hacked, only credit cards used while a hacker has complete view of traffic are compromised, and not all data stored. Even better: offload to payment processor and make it their problem. Really. No, I distrust everyone, but I distrust someone with an incentive to lie more. Phil Jones is famous and was reasonably comfortable tenured professor with a guaranteed steady income, and wielding power over most of the western world with prophecies of doom and gloom. It's unlikely he'll say "I've been wrong for the last 20 years" regardless of what science shows. There are numerous examples: Read Michael Pollen's NYTimes "Unhappy meals", "Is it all one big fat lie" or Gary Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories" on how nutrition science is perverted for profit. Read about the recent raw milk legislation about how medical science is perverted for profit. edit: Wanted to say I'm not stating anything about climate research, as I don't know enough about it; just that I don't share the "good science outnumbers bad science" view. I don't remember any time when Microsoft was "cool" or had "mojo", and I've been doing work since '88 at least. People who joined the scene in the mid '90s or later often think Microsoft is great -- because they don't know any better. Microsoft is the McDonalds of software. Does McDonalds have a mojo? Did they ever? Well then, the method I described earlier would work for you; Exposure is limited to clients actually giving their passwords and/or using the credit cards _while the system is compromised_ ; It mitigates the risk that you keep hearing about in breaches, of _all_ accounts being exposed. And just remember, that by storing those numbers locally, you're also taking potential liability for things that go wrong. To assess how much that is in cash, call a few insurance companies and ask them to give you a quote. Assume they have 25% markup on the real cost; That's how much you are "paying", although you are not doing it out-of-pocket (Though, in a catastrophic event, you _will_ be paying a lot) If it's monthly billing, why not keep that computer off (plugged out if you're worried about wake-on-LAN attacks), and manually turn it on once a week/month for 10 minutes to process everything? Do not ever cut and paste while writing code; type it again. When I learned programming in the ZX Spectrum / C64 era, magazines and books were also used as a software distribution media - and you'd have to type in the program to get the latest and greatest. I typed my share of programs (a few tens or hundreds of pages, I would guess), and doing that helped me figure out stuff like - which constructs are easier to memorise when you move your eyes back and forth from page to screen; - that shorter code is usually better - to keep only comments that would help me understand the code, NOT retype all the idiotic/historical comments originally in the program - you actually get intimately familiar with lots of code styles, good and bad Google "from nand to tetris", there are many versions around, text video etc. It starts with a "nand" gate - an electrical device that for all practical purposes has two binary inputs x,y and one output z with this mapping: x=0,y=0 => z=1 x=1,y=0 => z=1 x=0,y=1 => z=1 x=1,y=1 => z=0 where usually "0" is represented by zero volts and "1" is represented by e.g. 5 volts. (As for how a nand gate is actually built -- well, how much electronics/physics do you know? if not much, just assume it magically does. A lego version that works with levers instead of voltages can be found here http://goldfish.ikaruga.co.uk/ornand.html ) (edit: formatting) From this post, it sounds like they're dropping their on JIT for LLVM -- but I couldn't find any mention of this anywhere else. Does anyone around here know what the Mono JIT / LLVM situation is? It's relatively easy to find Python guys; It's harder, but still possible to find someone with Erlang or Lisp experience. It will be a couple more years since I would consider Clojure and friends. I would say that though it's easier to find a Java programmer than a Python programmer, it's easier to find a _competent_ Python programmer than a competent Java programmer. Java is NOT the only option. You'll love K / Q (unfortunately, not open source -- but you can download a copy from the kx developer site). You have to know 20 orthogonal functions/concepts, and everything else combines from there; There's no standard library to speak off, because there is hardly a need for one; Most "library functions" in other language are idiomatic expressions in K which are shorter than the name of the function they describe: +/ is "sum" (left fold +), (+/x)%#x is average (sum of x divided by length of x). maximum running sum is |/0(0|+)\ No magic; All semantics derived from very basic blocks. (not affiliated with Kx in any way -- just like the idea) (sorry for taking so long to reply) Yes, I'm familiar with J, and it is indeed closely related to K -- J was inspired, and in many ways evolved from A - an APL interpreter written by Arthur Whitney in one afternoon (see http://www.nsl.com/papers/origins.htm for more details). J tries to be complete and nice in the mathematical sense, e.g. having forks and trains, and functional inverses, as part of the language. K tries to be the simple practical language, rather than the philosophically consistent one: e.g. like APL and J, it is left-of-right long-right-scope, meaning 1+2+3+4+5 parses 1+(2+(3+(4+5))). However, the fold/over operator associates left - thus, +/ 1 2 3 4 5 actually computes (((1+2)+3)+4)+5 which seems inconsistent but is much more useful in practice. K (conceptually) has 3 data classes: atom (int, float, char, symbol), list (data indexed by sequential integers) and dict (data indexed by data -- an associative array); Everything else is an implementation detail (and these matter -- they make K blindingly fast -- but you can ignore them when trying to grok k). Multidimensional arrays are implemented as "list-of-lists" or "list-of-lists-of-lists ...." etc. (thus no "boxing" is needed). All list/dict access is done by indexing. Compress/expand are replaced by the "where" function which converts a list of booleans to their indices -- e.g. to zero all elements less than 3 you can do: x[where x K has a much simpler base (which is surprisingly sufficient in practice), and the symbols make more sense to me. YMMV > C has even had fast interpreters for a while - see tinycc as an example. It doesn't use a tracing compiler, but a very straight forward direct translation compiler which happens to be faster than many interpreters. How is tinycc an interpreter? It's a full-blown compiler, alas a very simple one with very little optimization. If it weren't faster than an interpreter, I'd be shocked. For well written code, it reaches 50%-70% of modern gcc speed from tests I did a couple of years ago. I think that's on par, or even slightly better, than gcc 1.x > The incremental-JIT approach (LuaJIT) has less information to work with, and it's not aware which parts of the program are bottlenecks, so it can't intelligently decide which parts parts need optimization most. You are probably thinking of LuaJIT 1.x; The recent LuaJIT 2 is tracing JIT, and it beats to hell out of every other dynamic language compiler, bar none. Mike Pall for president! No no no! For the love of $(DIETY), don't call them openstache and closestache, but rather leftstache and rightstache. While there isn't a difference in left-to-right language, those of us unfortunate enough to have to support right-to-left languages need a nontrivial algorithm to decide whether openstache is actually a leftstache or a rightstache (because the grpahic form of the character is that of a leftstache, independent of directionality, rather than openstache, which mirrors based on directionality) Actually, they don't. They just have cache-friendly primitives, and a compact interpreter that mostly sits within the i-cache of modern processors. It makes a world of a difference -- staying in the i-cache and doing mostly sequential access is easily 10 times faster than random, non-i-cache-friendly access. There is (AFAIK) one programming language that is RTL -- a variation on Basic which has been dead for about 15 years now. The open-paren / left-paren problem is there even in e.g. Word, explictly _because_ it's considered open-paren rather than left-paren; When you type 'alif' (arabic 'a' equiv) 'ba' (arabic 'b' equiv) shift-9 (left paren), you get ')' 'ba' 'alif' . but if you type 'a' 'b' shift-9, you get 'ab('. if you insert a different directionality character immediately in fromt of the open-paren, the paren will be flip. The rules for flipping parens are specified in the Unicode standard, and are extremely nontrivial and nonintuitive (both for implementing and for using -- it's often hard to get the kind of character you want!). And it all exists because some idiot thinking "abstraction! It is an open-or-close that the person means, not the left-or-right!" was sitting in the committees making the decisions; There _was_ dissenting opinion, giving exactly the example I gave above, but abstraction was deemed way more important than usability. But 99.9% of JS code doesn't do that, so it should be optimized for that case. LuaJIT keeps enough info around to go back to the interpreter at the moment anything goes different than previously traced -- I see no reason JS couldn't do the same. http://freshmeat.net/ - the biggest catalog you can find of released open source software, be it libraries or full blown. Strictly speaking, it is Linux/Unix software -- but almost all of it is open source. Like with commercial software, projects vary greatly in their quality and maturity; but freshmeat also collects release history with changes per release, which would give you a good idea of how well maintained, and how responsive project maintainers are. Go to your nearest hackerspace - http://hackerspaces.org/wiki/List_of_Hacker_Spaces - 4 are listed in Boston. MakerBot, the maker of affordable, open source, 3D printers, grew out of Resistor in NYC. What's the cheap legal way to get it? Empower is going away May 21st; Any other options? And the 5D becomes _much_ more useful for film making with the much improved, open source Magic Lantern firmware patch from Trammell Hudson http://magiclantern.wikia.com/wiki/Magic_Lantern_Firmware_Wi... If binary search is complicated, what is _simple_ by your standards? PageRank is essentially a version of the "stationary probability distribution of a discrete markov process" applied to web pages being states and link being transitions. I remember learning the math back in '96, and it was old then -- perhaps 40 years old. What is interesting about this finding, is that it was _already_ applied to evaluating scientific papers and quotes. http://nsl.com/ (start with the "Tools" heading and go down). A spreadsheet that works in 2 lines, and one that's significantly nontrivial in 20. A database that works in 14 lines. A chat server. a 15-puzzle game. Eliza. A simplifier for algebraic expressions. All of them in extremely concise code, that you are going to ignore with a SEP field. You're welcome. Well, it's time the vast majority of people become aware of privacy implications, facebook and otherwise. Most people don't care even when warned, ("I don't have anything to hide", "I share with whoever is interested" is just some of the responses I got trying to educate people), and deserve whatever it is that is going to happen to them. Facebook has actually dealt with this brilliantly several times in the past -- they said, "here are the new terms of service. If at least 70% of facebook users vote against it, we won't do it". They even sent this out as a message to all users. That's a good way to call the bluff of the outragees -- almost no one cares, and facebook has the numbers to prove it, should they be sued for it. Like in previous times, some people will get alarmed, 150 will delete their facebook accounts, and that's about it until the next gross violation. Lather, Rinse, Repeat. Mark Zuckerberg and his cohorts pwn you. There is no way not to play, as the game was set up so that all your real-life friends sell you out (by telling all about you, tagging you in photos, etc). And they all do it willingly. Orwell would have been proud. obligatory mention: MakerBot makes $750 3D printer kits that cost pennies to operate. While the results are not comparable to what is shown in the article, the age of the 3D printer in every home is almost here. It's already priced low enough that every designer of 3D objects can own one. Not affiliated with MakerBot. (And they are good guys -- all the plans and source code are available for you to download and build yourself). Well, a quick read of their white paper makes it look like they just copied the kdb design ( http://cs.nyu.edu/shasha/papers/hpts.pdf - which they actually reference in one of their papers). But perhaps they did something new as well? edit: citeseer link was broken; replaced with link to shasha's website. Not delusional for 99% of startups. The people who are simultaneously good at writing device drivers in ARM assembly, JSP pages using Spring, and natural language processing are indeed rare. However, most startups don't require that breadth; rather, they need a good grasp of web technologies, a good grasp of databases, a good grasp of networking and a good grasp of the problem domain. THAT'S NOT AS RARE. You just have to know where to look, and how to be attractive enough -- usually these people are happily employed and make good money. To attract them, you need to offer better terms (money; interest; title; whatever) Add a command to make a sound and/or push the build window / ide forward at the end of the compile. It really is as simple as that if you want it. And yet, when you looked at e.g. the web server data back in the early 2000's, you had 70% apache 25% IIS -- and yet about 20 times as many exploits (and much more effective at that) for IIS. The reason was, to put it bluntly, that IIS was designed without any regard to real security, whereas Apache had _some_ regard to security. That's also the case for Windows through its history; it has been making leaps recently, but doing things more securely requires it to become less convenient / not backwards compatible, and therefore it is still, relatively speaking, way more vulnerable when used by your average user. I'm not up-to-date, but up until 2007 or so, a significant number of web browser vulnerabilities were directly or indirectly a result of Windows and Explorer's love of executing files after wrongly identifying them as e.g. wav or doc files. The single Unix design decision that a file must have an executable flag out-of-band, and the convention that by default this flag is off, both of which date back to 1970, have kept Unix safe from these kinds of bugs. Sane default permissions on system directories are another decision; the latter has been adopted by Windows in XP SP2 IIRC, the former still hasn't. To start with, Apache default setup would bind to port 80 and switch to user 'apache' or 'httpd', whereas IIS (back then, that was IIS4/5 days) default and hard-to-change setup was that it was running with SYSTEM priviliges. There had been security audits of the apache code base since its early dates (as NCSA Web Server), whereas IIS didn't (or, judging from its track record, if it did have they were done by incompetents who didn't notice the strcpy(host_field, ...) would overflow with a host name > 1024 bytes. IIS had everything in the same process, meaning every thing exploitable somewhere would bring the whole server with it. Apache used a worse-performing but better compartmentalized process-per-request model. Just to be clear, apache at the time was NOT a beacon of security or good design or anything. But it did follow standard Unix practices, which put it a significantly better place than the IIS of the time (which was written like a Windows desktop program). At the time, IIS exploits were being found at a rate of 4 remote roots per month, with worms actively exploiting them, whereas apache had one of these every several months, usually only exploitable if you knew the exact O/S version it was running on. Twitter is not in any way unique or hard. If they spent more time thinking and less experimenting, they would have figured that they need a small in memory databse, and would have solved their technical problems easily and cheaply more than two years ago. errr, no. It is in no way more generic or less error prone. Just asserting that does not make it so. You _can_ get the loop wrong, if you accumulate(dice1.begin(), dice2.end(), ...) for example, or switching the begin() and the end(). You can just as easily change the addition operation to anything else in the non-boost/stl version. In the 2nd version, when you _do_ make a mistake, if the compiler catches at you get an error message that's totally unreadable with 2000 character error lines. And if the compiler doesn't catch it, and it causes a runtime problem, it is also extremely awkward to backtrace. Not to mention, you need the latest-and-greatest compiler to do the lambda thingy, for no obvious benefit. or, in APL/K style languages, +/dice`facevalue Well, the kernel is so shockingly simple in part BECAUSE no one let C++ in. And it is a testament to Linus' great leadership and censorship that it remains that way. I haven't been following STL implementations recently, but that definitely wasn't the situation even in 2007 (Over 10 years after STL was finalized..); In fact, the only implementation that it did back then was STLPort, at a huge performance hit, and only at runtime. And what you say about compilers is EXACTLY why I wrote the "latest and greatest". It's only recent clangs that can give intelligible messages for C++ (if at all) because Clang C++ support is not even ready for production yet. VC++ 2005 (last I used) did not get give reasonable errors. APL is the language of the future (and has been, since the early '60s). While it does have a demanding learning curve that is uncommon in this day and age of all-popular-languages-are-curly-brace-languages-and-approximately-equivalent, (more demanding than e.g. haskell in my opinion), and it is very rewarding. For example, APL has the "foreach" mindset done right; I suppose C#, Java and friends will get there at some point. But for now, APLs foreach is inherently parallel; C#/Java's is inherently unparallelizable. What would you prefer for your common 80-core machine of next year? APL is an option. You'll have to fork for Dyalog (or APLX or whatever else is out there) if you want to use it, there is no free IDE or anything available. J is also an option. It's APL's cousin; it's free, and can handle lots of data with ease and elegance. Both languages take time to learn, and are probably not similar to anything else you've used, but are very rewarding -- even if you end up not using them, your style in any other language will improve. Other alternatives are Matlab, Numpy and R (which you've already mentioned). Numpy is great if you feel good with Python. Basically, the magic elements are "64-bit" and "memory mapping". These two together, if used properly, will make it look like any data set fits in memory. Actually indexing it so that things don't slow down too much is up to you. Don't skimp on physical memory. From the q) console, type backslash-enter, and you'll be at the k console. q is just a very simple syntactic sugar layer on top of k4. Same ideas, very different implementation: * ksql was folded into the language; that means ksql datatypes become native (time, date, ...), and tables become first class citizen. This actually simplifies the whole thing considerably -- from a philosophical point of view, k4 has exactly 3 data types: atoms, lists, and dicts. Everything else is a trivial-in-retrospect application of these 3. * "electric" gui is gone; dependencies are still there in pretty much the same way, but triggers take a wholly different form. So, 2-line spreadsheet implementation is gone :( * The _verb form is gone The language is essentially the same, even though your scripts will need porting due to these changes. UML tools seem to lack substance on any platform. Use pencil, eraser, and paper for design. And know that most diagrams are not as useful as everyone says they are. Meh. LuaJIT seems to be where the JIT innovation really is. You commit the fallacy of assuming that if you pay someone to do a job he claims to be competent at, you'll get a better-than-random performance. Statistics for active fund managers show that 85% do strictly worse than the benchmark index (usually S&P or DJ), 5% or so are comparable with the index (i.e., they do better but that gets eaten away by their cost), and only 10% beat the benchmark. And fewer than 3% or so consistently beat their benchmark year after year. (Those that know what they are doing are not fund managers; they run hedge funds and make a lot more for themselves. Which should _not_ be taken to mean the reverse - i.e. that people who run hedge funds know what they are doing). Do read "A random walk down wall street" That's true if and only if, by "short term" you mean 15 years in nominal terms, and 20 years in real terms. That's from history (1929 to 1944-49). Perhaps this time it might take longer. > Diversification to me is like shooting a shotgun. Most stocks are profitable(they'd be delisted otherwise) so the scattershot(shotgun shot) is a nice way to handle that, and that is diversification. That's not true. Continuous loss is not a ground for delisting. Going below a certain per-stock value (e.g. $1 or $0.01 depending on trading value) is, and that can be fixed by a so called "reverse split", without making the stock any more valuable. Follow this discussion: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/bcpgt/ On both reddit and lambda-the-ultimate; it has all the important stuff. Also there's the shootout stuff already posted as a reply to you. And you can download LuaJIT2 and experiment yourself. Actually, you mostly do need to beat the benchmark each year to be a long term success. Make 1% each year more than the benchmark for 10 years, and then lose 30% compared to the benchmark in one year, and you are a horrible failure. And that happens often. And if you could name some of these "long term managers" it might actually be helpful for the discussion. I don't know what your background is, but you come off this discussion as someone who knows how the world works, evidence be damned. I've been working in this field successfully for the last 8 years, and no one who _is_ successful (in the beating-the-benchmark sense) stays in index/mutual fund management -- they all go to "success fee" management (think private equity, hedge funds, etc). If you're any good, why earn 1% of AUM per year, when you can earn 2% of AUM + 20% of profits? I'm not familiar with HSGFX specifically. I've just compared them in Google Finance. If you put your money into HSGFX in the beginning of 2003, you would have been at +7% today; the SPY (benchmark) would be at +18% today. Depending on where you put your start date, you would sometimes be better off in HSGFX and sometimes better off in SPY. I see no indication from this past performance that there is any reason to believe it is any better than the SPY benchmark. I was replying to "active managed mutual fund is better than index", which statistically speaking is WRONG approximately 5 times more often than it is right. "Buy index fund" is (statstically) the right answer to "which stocks should I buy" which was more or less the original question. > As someone with experience, what would you recommend the OP (or any index investor) do to help preserve capital? Stay away from the stock market until 2013 at least, possibly later. The stock market has completely decoupled from fundamentals and performance. Last year's rally had no fundamental support whatsoever. The things that are likely to preserve capital are gold, and some government bonds. My personal strategy is to diversify on currencies (counting gold as a currency here), using strictly CDs and government bonds. I'm trying to make sure I have RETURN OF CAPITAL, rather than maximize RETURN ON CAPITAL at the moment. Some governments _will_ default on some of their obligations in the next 5 years. Many banks, bond and debt issuers will too. The stock market at the moment is, as far as the non-professional is concerned, an HFT casino. Stay away, unless you like gambling. Investment is a foreign concept to this stock market. If you want to learn more about the market, read Denninger ("the market ticker"), ZeroHedge and Michael Shedlock ("global economic analysis"). Only listen to CNBC, CNN, Jim Cramer and friends if you plan on losing money. I don't agree with that list, but I think quicksort is given way more weight than it deserves. I guess it's a desired result of whomever named it "quicksort". It's not particularly quick, has horrible worst case guarantees (which, if you care to improve, would make it slower still and very complicated), and is easy to get wrong on many accounts (repeating elements; already sorted input; unlimited recursion depth). heapsort is simpler than quicksort, and has the best worst-case complexity you can get. It's not stable, but then neither are most quicksorts. quicksort has its place, but it gets a lot more attention than it deserves. > The main advantage to quicksort is that it's still the fastest average-case-in-practice of the common algorithms. I don't think that's true if you average over the available distribution of _implementations_ in the wide. Almost all implementations do one to three of the "crimes" I mentioned above. And frankly, I've met too much real world cases that triggered an n^2 behaviour on an existing implementation to ever settle for anything with worse than n*log n worst case. If you're looking for the fastest-in-both-theory-and-practice algorithm, that's TimSort, but it's not in place. The places _in practice_ where Quicksort is the right answer are few and far between. I haven't seen any in the last 10 years. For f*ck sake, no. It doesn't go far enough. Don't like the GPL? Don't use it; it's just that you then fall back on standard interpretations of "derivative work", which -- you'll find, are at least as restrictive. 8 notes are enough to constitute derivative work for music, as are 4 paragraphs. I'm not aware of specifics for code, but I believe they'll be even less comfortable for you than any gpl interpretation. mentally replace "language" with "language environment" and all will make sense to you; it will also put you in line with how most people read this discussion. You: language = base syntax + semantics Most: language = base syntax + semantics + common idioms + standard library + popular libraries An included Web Browser with 99.99% of JavaScript interpreters is a pretty big battery. qmail has been placed in the public domain a few years ago. Have you actually done any HFT work? I know that's what most people believe, but the HFT outfits I am familiar with have algorithms that are extremely complex, and while they need to be fast, just being faster than them with a dumb algorithm won't get you anywhere. Speaking of which ... does anyone know of a good way to tell from inside an iframe if it's visible on screen? I want to sync some javascript to the point in time in which it becomes visible. (I can sort-of-estimate that on Firefox 3.6 with mozInnerScreenY, but I found no way to do it on other browsers or older Firefox) Have you ever seen a study that links cholesterol intake to blood levels? I was looking for one long ago, and the only research I could find said that over 90% of cholesterol is produced by the body. Part of the reason is that American wallets don't have a coin purse inside them -- the reason for which is that coins aren't that useful. Catch-22 You have the weird assumption that government works for the people. In fact, government will likely help Facebook extend their monopoly in return for easy access to all the data that facebook collects on you. If you use facebook often, especially from a mobile phone, then you are leaving a data trail for everything you are doing in your life, and everything your friends are doing. It is easy to apply that against you if needed, which is why a government will be happy to support facebook. Probably not; It's just that floating point on x86 without SSE is ridiculously awkward, and it's becoming hard to find platforms with no SSE2, so no sense in making an effort to support the x87 or SSE1 instruction sets. Not a chance, though I wish it would. It was born in sin, marketed beyond merit, and has a horrible culture of bureaucracy and overhead. The Emergence of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind by Julian Jaynes. A mind blowing explanation of consciousness. The jury is still out with most critics considering this wrong -- but nevertheless, it's an amazingly detailed (and well supported) theory of where consciousness, gods, schizophrenia etc come from. There are about a thousand FP programmers to every imperative programmer, if not ten thousands. They use a tool you may have heard of, called "Excel", which is quite limited in scope. It is an FP subset which is at the same time trivial to understand (much more so than imperative programming for most users!), and coupled with a usable I/O capabilities, is surprisingly sufficient for many uses. (IDE, documentation, maintainability all suck, though; I wouldn't recommend it as your main FP tool if you can avoid it) This. The US tax laws in this respect are retarded; you have to pay taxes at the moment you exercise your options, regardless of whether you can resell them or not. In the previous bubble, it happened that people exercised options that made them tax liable for e.g. $1M (because e.g. an IPO made it worth $5M), but had a lockup of 6-months, which is quite common, and at the end of the lockup period, their stocks were worth less than $1M. In some other countries, you only pay taxes when you actually see money. That makes a lot more sense. And, Israel is now considering a new tax law which says an investment into a "startup" (whatever that means) is immediately considered a capital loss. Then, if it makes money, you have capital gain. for large-capital-base angels, it makes cash flow simpler, -- and in fact, if they elect to use it, they'll pay more taxes on their successes at the end. for small-time angels making one or two investments a year, it is a huge difference in cashflow. for the state, it doesn't matter in the long run, because it just gets the capital lost written down sooner than later. if dtach is a lifesaver for you, gnu screen will really blow your mind -- it can let you detach the controlling terminal from the session (and as a bonus, if you are working with other people, you can connect to the terminal simultaneously to work together) College degree is probably not too bad if you settle for local community college -- about $5,000/year or so. Private universities and colleges can easily get to $30,000/year. As for healthcare, it IS that bad. Most working people have reasonable coverage (some of then even at reasonable price, as a percentage of income). However, it ties the worker to the employer. If you get fired, you lose your health insurance. If you quit, to move to another job, you lose your health insurance and have to get a new one (and at least until the recent healthcare laws, they didn't have to accept you -- sucks if something happens during your first job, because it's a "pre-existing condition" for the new one). The end result is that employees are often held captive by their job because of the (essentially unrelated) health benefits. A friend of mine married 6 months earlier than planned to get coverage because she lost her own job. Job mobility is much harmed. There's COBRA -- an insurer must let you keep paying for one more year. However, the employer subsidy is gone, so people who pay $200/month all of a sudden find themselves having to pay $1200/month after quitting their job (or being fired). I discovered about 20 years ago that wheat products, and independently, yeast products (and especially bread which contains both) make me feel bad. Not throw-up bad or fever bad -- just bad, tired, puffed up. I've tried to get a diagnosis to no avail. Celiac was ruled out by lab testing, and as a result doctors started suggesting it might be a psychological problem. Me, I listen to my body. And re "nonsensical faddish bullshit", that describes practically all accepted nutritional science these days. The "calories in - calories out" lacks any scientific basis, and is disproved in just about every experiment -- yet it is somehow considered true. Personally, I consider this anecdotal theory just as valid as what your average nutritionist would tell you. (References: Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories"; Roberts "What makes food fattening"; Cabanac) MathWorks is not feeling intimidated by IDL, Maple or for that matter Accelereyes yet. Why should they spend money? They might pay attention if Accelereyes gains traction. They did 10 years ago or so with MathTools. The price for the cupcake CNC (previous model) HAS come down while supplies last -- you can get it really cheap. The Thing-O-Matic is a new, much improved model. I believe it made the rabbit; I've seen similar things made by cupcake, and thing-o-matic is supposed to be even more preceise. And last but not least -- it's all open source. Build one yourself if you think the price is too high. I think their profit margin is very reasonable, and if you try to build one from scratch it is probably going to cost you at least as much in bill-of-materials-and-lasercutting alone. The system right now significantly favours whoever can invest >$50000/month in infrastructure (regardless of trading volume). For example, in the recent flash-crashes (e.g. 6-may), anyone using the "standard" feed had a lag of several minutes on price data, whereas anyone using the newer interfaces (at $10K "pay-to-play" minimum) got up-to-date prices. While this was extreme, it did happen 4 times in the last 6 months; And it happens every single day to a lesser degree. Also, "flash orders" which got everyone raging last year are still permitted. Their only purpose is to let the faster players profit at the expense of the slower players. The regulation here is broken. Markets change; that does not mean the market today is operating properly. If anything was game, you wouldn't need the SEC or the huge amount of laws and regulations to make it work. Insider-trading laws were needed because some people were able to take advantage of others. The details have changed, but still -- a lot of what is not illegal today should be. Why do you think flash orders are not practiced anymore? The SEC hasn't banned them, and AFAIK some brokers still flash their clients orders before executing them. > but even if you're order is flashed it will only match if the price is improved. I don't think you understand how flash orders work -- flash orders tell some 3rd party what YOU will be doing in the next second, enough time for that 3rd party to snatch all offers at that price, raising the price for you. Of course if you had a limit order it wouldn't match; but now, if you still want to buy those shares (which most flashed clients do, for whatever reasons), you have to pay a higher price. Incidentally, it's almost always that 3rd party which offers those shares to you -- guaranteeing their profit. That's a good definition. If you compare market mechanics in any US exchange to e.g. Eurex, you see that in almost every place they are different, there's a player in the US that uses that difference to generate essentially risk-free profit. I'm sure there are similar problems in Eurex -- only much, much fewer, and less visibly exploited. US markets are totally broken. You can get a cupcake cnc (old makerbot) for half price while their supplies still last. > There is a huge nuance in what you just said. Folks, the markets are complicated. There are a ton of rules. Make sure you understand them if you want to play this game. Having built systems that traded quadrillions in notional value (and in the process made a small percentage of that in profit), I think I have an idea what I'm talking about and how to play this game. Everything you said is true in theory, except practice is quite a bit different: ETrade will flash your order in order to get a better price; and one second later, will go to the NBBO. But some of the players they flash to will go and BUY the NBBO within that second. So when ETrade, after not having able to improve your price, goes to the NBBO, they found they can no longer fill at the price that was available just a second ago. That's unfair advantage for the flasher -- a second ago, the ask was at 10.02 and bid was 10.01, which means the fair price is somewhere in between, but definitely not more than 10.02; Now, the flasher knows there's a buyer at 10.02 -- so they buy it themselves at 10.02 and offer to sell at 10.03; In many cases, the buyer will still want to buy, making the flasher a profit of 0.01; In the worst case, the flasher can offer it again at 10.02, paying only commission on his failed trade, and is likely to sell to the same buyer. I know of institutions who actually made money that way, lots of it, with ridiculously low risk. And it's legal, because the broker is allowed to flash the order to anyone they want for one second before going to the NBBO, and the flasher has no commitment not to abuse that. > Go read about the national market system. Go read the old rules about flash orders and price improvement. Then reconsider what you've just typed. The NBBO system is broken and has been for years. The flashing technique I highlighted above is one example. During the flash crash of may 6, the CQS (and NBBO) was 20 seconds delayed, meaning you couldn't fill at the NBBO prices. There's a difference between the stated purpose of flashing, and how it is used in practice. > Flash orders give some 3rd party the opportunity to fill your order. Alternative way to look at it: Flashing advertises your order to several parties, and gives them one full second to front run you at ARCA, where the best price currently is. (Oh, and they have the option to fill it directly at ARCAs price immediately). > If they decline, your order is routed to ARCA where it is filled at $50.01 (and ARCA receives the commission), and you pay a routing fee. Except, one of the guys the order was flashed to, (who declined) has already bought that 50.01 at ARCA, so now the NBBO price is 50.02; incidentally, by a pure coincidence , it's being sold by the same guy who just bought it 50.01. I've played the HFT game for the last 10 years. Don't believe a single word of the official propaganda about why something is employed; It's all there to generate more traffic for the exchanges; e.g., in the case described above, ARCA gets two transaction fees instead of one, and the broker gets their routing fee AND some kickback from the flashee. > You're drastically overstating the costs. I can put a server at the Nasdaq data center using Lightspeed Trading as my broker for $1,000. Prices have dropped then. When NASDAQ bought INET, my payment came up for $400/month to $6000/month without any change in the service I was receiving (and it did come with onerous reporting requirements that I didn't factor into the $6000 above). I've been out of the game for a while. (But these $6000 was just payment to nasdaq -- hosting and comm line to my office was a few grands more; and that's just NASDAQ. each of the other exchanges had similar costs) > Go read about why many of the high-frequency firms pulled out of the market. They pulled out because the exchange's data feeds themselves were starting to fall behind. Their data was suspect, just as was everyone elses. If your data feed is lagged 4 times out of the last 6 months then you might want to go look at DTN's NxCore product. It doesn't lag and it's costs are quite reasonable for anyone who might need data at that level of fidelity. I have actually been out of the game myself recently, so I didn't actually experience the flash crash. But friends still in the industry told me that the ITCH feeds (and the other exchange direct high-speed feeds) weren't lagging, only the CQS and NBBO feeds were. The point is, if you don't have the ITCH/ARCABOOK/MDP/EBS data today, you are already at a disadvantage. 10 years ago, a $1500/month Bloomberg or Reuters terminal gave you the same info as everyone else. Today, if you're looking at multiple markets, you need to spend $50000/month to not be disadvantages. Those are real numbers as of a few years ago. I'm surprised prices have dropped, because they were constantly going up all the time. > Where? Please cite a specific exchange and point me to the specific order type in their documentation. I've read the specs of nearly every major futures and equities liquidity venue in the US, so I doubt this is a true statement. Flashes are done by brokers, not by exchanges! A broker gets your order; they are allowed 1 full second before they must fill it at the NBBO at that time. EXCHANGE ORDERS ARE NEVER FLASHED. at time 0ms, you send a "BUY 100 INTL, LIMIT 110.13" to your broker. The broker must fill that at the NBBO if possible at 1000ms at the latest. So at 1ms, they say to all their "flash" partners "WOULD YOU LIKE TO FILL 100 INTL AT 110.13 OR LOWER?". Now, theoretically, those partners should just check their own book and reply. But practically, these partners also rush out to buy 110.13 at the Philadelphia Stock Exchange (where the NBBO is), so now the NBBO is no longer at 110.13. They do offer to sell it at 110.14 on ARCA. But at 1000ms (1 second later), the original client order which WOULD have been filled if the broker just went to PSE and NOT flashed it, CANNOT BE FILLED. What the average client will do is probably say, "well, ok then -- I want Intel at 110.14". The broker now flashes this order, and our flashee guy from earlier is happy to fill the order -- locking a profit of 0.01 with essentially zero risk. And if the client doesn't come back for 110.14? They'll just update the ARCA order to be 110.13; They're almost guaranteed to sell it to the same guy. So, with some (small in practice) probability, the flashee pays a small commission; with large probability, they get free profit minus a small commission. > Wrong, the purpose is to provide incentive for participants to trade at a specific exchange by giving them an opportunity to trade before the broader market does. For this they must improve the NBBO to match the flashed order. That's theory. Practice of flashing is different. Note that exchanges DON'T wait this whole flashing second -- they either fill it locally immediately or route it to the NBBO. But brokers are allowed to do it. > A full second is nonsense. Also, the person placing the order can turn it off. If I'm not mistaken (and I might be, it's been awhile since I looked), Interactive Brokers were flashing their clients orders up until recently as well; they didn't call it flashing, they called it "smart routing" -- but if you opted out, you paid routing fees whereas if you opted in, those fees would often be waived. > Direct Edge is the venue allowing flash orders. ARCA gets two commissions, but DE gets nothing. DE is the last flashing exchange. They get their fees if they fill the 2nd order by the flashee, or routing fees if they direct to ARCA. The only way they get nothing is if nothing ever gets traded in the entire transaction except the first, which usually is NOT the case. > If it happened to any significant degree, how come the SEC didn't find it? Are you asking that seriously? The SEC is in bed with the industry. They don't look for anything, and they don't find anything. (google "Harry Markopolos" and "Madoff" if you want an insight into how the SEC works. Read ZeroHedge and Denninger to see DAILY examples of undeniable fraud and insider trading that the SEC never looks at. Seriously, if you trust the SEC to do anything, you shouldn't be in finance) I stand corrected -- "flashing" used to mean all that. It goes back at least 10 years, when I started trading (and, according to Wikipedia, as far back as 1978). Now it only means what the exchange side does, and what brokers do is called "internalization". But it's the same thing. I know it's being exploited for frontrunning on the broker side, and I see no reason why it wouldn't be possible on the exchange side (even if its just 30ms -- that's more than enough to frontrun the client in the NBBO exchange at the time). Yes, a 50/50 is reasonable, even if the other guy had the original idea (which you didn't mention, but I would assume given the facts). Ideas are (almost) worthless. The equity split should reflect resources put in (including potential resources like industry connections), risk taken, and opportunity cost. Sounds like you're both putting in same resources and taking same risks. You didn't mention opportunity cost. If it's his idea, and he can get someone at his term (0% ownership, percent of sales), then it makes no sense for him to take you on a 50%. If you have to quit a $500K/year job to work on it, and he has to quit a $50K/year job to work on it, then even though the idea is originally his, the split should be biased towards you (Not necessarily 90/10, but definitely not 50/50); Essentially, you'll be paying $500K a year for the privilege of founding the company, whereas he only pays $50K. It's a market like any market. If you couldn't reach an agreement, the price wasn't right for either side. Sounds to me like you did the right thing. I almost never see ads on the net (ABP for the win), so my reply relates to television/billboard/newspaper ads: Consciously, very often in a negative way: Some ads make me less likely to buy or even consider the advertised brand/product. These include obviously fraudulent e.g. Enzyte (not that I needed, but if I ever did, I would never consider), to the we-assume-you're-an-idiot-and-have-short-term-memory ones like Ditech, and includes the we're-trying-hard-to-exploit-your-thought-processes-but-are-incompetent-at-it ones like Sprint's. If an ad is smart, I'm more likely to be interested in the product e.g., Sony's '80s Trinitron 5 second genius ad: A man stands by a turned off Trinitron and says "This is the new Sony Black Trinitron. But I can't show you how good it is. Not with this one" (and knocks on the screen of the TV you're watching from the inside) I think 99.9% of the advertising I see leaves no impression at all, though. I can't measure my unconscious response (duh), but I suspect it's nearly non existent -- I have so few brand name items that it's unlikely to have had much effect. That's meaningless. I ran NT3.5 on a 16MB Pentium machine at one point and it ran comfortably, true. I also ran System/390 on 32MB of RAM a couple of years before that. That's no indication that System/390 is appropriate in any way or manner for the embedded world. Windows 7 is not easily portable to a phone; That's why Windows Phone 7, a CE derivative, -- an entirely different codebase that MS has been maintaining for the last 15 years, exists. Google has an office in Manhattan, 15th street and 8th avenue if I'm notmistaken. I haven't personally been to any other google office, but it doesn't look different than the pictures of any of them; All the perks, sleeping pods and cafeteria stuff seems to be there. Said seller did 2.5% of daily average, and did it slowly. That triggers a crash all on its own. And we're supposed to believe that the SEC has any idea what's happening. Personally, I prefer subdomains, because I often type URLs into the bar. People who google everything wouldn't know the difference anyway. Over the last 2 years, every big organization switched to folders (it used to be mail.google.com and finance.google.com, and now it's www.google.com/mail and www.google.com/finance; the only google exception I'm aware of is news.google.com). I remember reading an article about that having something to do with ease of geobalancing or something. Get a VPS. Depending on your bandwidth vs. cpu requirements, the following should all be interesting to you: linode.com ; vpslink.com ; rackspace cloud . prgmr.com has good reputation and is run by an HN regular. However, every time I wanted to get a VPS there, they had no room left at the time .. Funny you should consider async i/o to be premature optimization. To me it looks like the only reasonable way to build a non-trivial system. Threads on the other hand, are the often the wrong optimisation -- processes are the right one. And people who worked on VAX/VMS systems fondly remember the unit of time called "microfortnight" -- it's about 1.21 seconds, which means for short periods you can reason about it like seconds. However, you know that when you schedule your backup to happen every 500,000 microfortnights it will happen exactly every week. Well, with very high probability, your logic is broken in the face of errors / malicious users then. Node's async structure is just taking the async model of the web one step further, into processing the same request asynchronously if you need to wait for something else. You might be master of doing this logic right, but I've audited tens (perhaps hundreds) of systems, and all the synchronous ones got it wrong. (Disclaimer: I've never worked with Node. But I've been writing async servers in C and Python since 1999). > It is more fattening if it has more calories. That's known not to be true. See http://www.sethroberts.net/about/whatmakesfoodfattening.pdf ; If this theory is true, then the fact that McD tastes the same every time makes it more fattening independently of calories. Even if you disagree with this premise (it IS controversial), the research he references (Michel Cabanac, Robert Israel) is an accepted and very strong indication that in fact the caloric content is NOT what makes food fattening. No they usually don't. Because the "didn't work for us" is usually not conclusive proof of the contrary. It does (rarely) happen in Physics where everything is expected to be repeatable, and results from one experiment carry over to similar experiments. It almost never happens in medicine, where the bar of acceptance of a hypothesis is already ridiculously low. No, you aren't parsing this correctly. Cabanac has reproducible research that shows people losing weight on (IIRC) 2500 calories per day and NO physical activity whatsoever, because they were bed-ridden. MGU had a research once that had people gaining weight on 1500 calories/day and losing weight on 3000 calories/day with comparable physical activity (this one included running, etc.) The "calories in / calories out" argument is very far from science. If you trace its origins, you'll see it's not much more than a folk tale. It's about as accurate as "eat less to lose weight" in terms of being predictive. Gary Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories" has all the explanations and references you could need, if that interests you. Would you be able to share a little about the 20 lbs in a week? Microsoft Research != Microsoft in general. It's not even 1% of Microsoft, and everywhere there is different. Some of the research there has practical use, but a lot of it is just PR for Microsoft. Because they spit into everyone's well all the time. e.g. - OOXML and the related perversion of the ISO process - Wilful violation of standards (web, others) - Hurting users for hollywood (Protected media path etc.) - Broken security (by design) that has enabled all the botnets and spam you could ever think of, and then some. Anything by Ian Piumarta is worth reading, and this is no exception. http://piumarta.com/ Also, for those interested in minimalism, VPRI has a project to recreate the entire computing world with 20k lines of source (logic, os, compilers, gui, etc.) They're doing a very interesting and very swell job so far. This appears to be related to that project. "avid watcher of CNBC" and "pretty well informed" are at odds. Start reading Denninger, Mish and ZeroHedge and you'll see why. While that is ultimately true, in the first days (especially pre-investment), the largest expense is programmer's salary, whether that is something you pay, or an opportunity you forego. Thus, getting to a fundable prototype twice as fast, or to a more robust system at the same time IS a factor. Regardless of how much focus you put on it, it is usually the first "hard" decision everyone has to take in their tech-supported startup, and thus it gets a spotlight. For which there are perfectly adequate alternatives that do not involve Microsoft -- e.g. Google Apps. I've been looking for material about Eurisko. Other than this championship, there appears to be no credible documentation of any of Eurisko's reported achievements. It might be super-duper, but the fact that he wouldn't let anyone else use it, and that those amazing feats have not been reproduced by others despite huge advances - might just mean that there's more myth to truth in the stories about Eurisko. My recent experience with Java code is that efficiency conscious Java code is ridiculously under-performing compared to efficiency conscious C code. By virtue of Java's structure and culture (as codified in its libraries), you have to spend approximately twice as much physical memory as you would in C. E.g., I had a 100,000,000 record array that I needed to sort. That's great -- Java has an Array.Utils.sort() method; But I needed to know the _sorting permutation_ as well. That requires an array of Integers, each taking >=16 bytes (so, 1.6GB of ram). Which slows everything to a crawl. So I wrote my own heapsort routine which needed only 400MB of ram. But it's 10 times slower than the equivalent C -- I suspect because of array bounds that the compiler can't throw away. Those infrastructure projects are "cool", but horribly done. I don't know about Cassandra, but Hadoop makes jobs take between twice and ten times the resources that they need. Sure, it scales to 4000 machines, but you'd only need 1000 if it were properly written. And if you only have a 10-node cluster, you could probably run it on one machine with comparable throughput. Color me unimpressed with Java. That's perhaps true if that's the language you gained most of your experience in. I don't think there's a measure of "absolute productivity", but if there is, Python will probably take world cup in a variety of settings. Java is an excellent language when you need to use Java. If that's not a constraint, then it isn't such a good choice. Yep. It's much harder to mess things up when you use regular expression. Between C, Python and Jython, I don't think there's a single reason left to use Java. > We have evolved into a two-party system because it fills a need: convenience. No. Americans have evolved into a two party system because it suits those two parties, and they were strong enough to make that happen very early on. Did you notice that the distinction between parties (gay marriage, abortion, government size) doesn't ever get addressed even though control has been switching between parties regularly? (And if it does, it's in the court and not in congress, e.g. Roe vs. Wade?) That's because both puppets, sorry, parties are actually catering to a ruling elite, rather than the voters. And it's good for those parties to have issues that let voters identify with them (to the point of feeling unable to vote for the other guy). If these things were actually addressed, they'd have to deal with the real things like economics or policy. Which is kind of scary for them. I agree about the only possibility of breaking is from the inside, though. I agree, healthcare has actually been sort-of addressed. (And by sort of, I mean that while it is a move in the right direction, it is possibly the worst in terms of cost, and is a freebie to the healthcare industry; it does nothing to actually solve any underlying problem). But are you aware that these healthcare plans have been debated since the '30s? For all practical purposes, 80 years to solve a problem in a half-assed way is in line with my original claim. - embeddable inside your application - modest resource requirements - runs on everything (embedded, game consoles, etc.) - has a JIT compiler that is way better than any Ruby/JS/Python JIT (and in fact in many cases better than a good Java compiler). - Simple and regular syntax - Vibrant and helpful community. It's not the right choice for web development, because that's not where its echosystem is (although you can do that if you want). Other than that, the only drawback I can think of is that arrays start at 1 rather than 0. identical assembly. No C++ compiler that I'm aware of does that. e.g., std::vector and std::vector generate identical code for whatever you do, as they both only deal with the pointer, never dereference it in any way. Also, in code like template T get(T x[], int i) { return x[i]; } on a 32 bit platform, get () and get generate the same machine code, whereas on a 64 bit platform, get () and get () generate the same machine code. No C++ compiler that I'm aware of folds these cases into one; The C# generics do (not sure about non-generic code with identical final machine code). I would be surprised if idiomatic C++ code could be shortened by more than 50% by a compiler that did. However, if you write your code for column-major access, the binary can go down 90% if the compiler did that. edit:formatting Extreme conciseness, though sometimes unreadable, is often helpful in the sense that you can fit 3000 line Java programs on one 50 line screen -- no scrolling to look things up. It doesn't mean it takes 1/60 time to read through it -- I would guess 1/5 is more like it (assuming you are competent in the language you are reading, which is a steeper learning curve for J/K/Q/APL). Personally, having everything on the screen at the same time is very useful. Also, as J and especially K prove, extreme runtime speed is also attainable. You can beat it with C code -- after all, the K interpreter is written in C. But more often, K pushes you towards a concise implementation that the interpreter blazes through, whereas in C you'd probably not go to the effort all the time and result in slower code at the end. This is cool. Is any of the source code open? What could you tell us about the libraries used? (Is that OpenCV ported to flash or something?) The language of the future is Lisp. always has been, always will be. (which is a shame, because APL and its children J and K would be a better foundation). Many of them are possible in theory. Few are implemented in practice, and even fewer apply in code found in the wild. e.g. promoting an Integer[] array to an int[] array is something that Java will not do, although in some cases it is theoretically possible (and LuaJIT2 comes close to doing something equivalent). This is a very minor detail - so an optimization that was made 20 years ago is no longer relevant. Neither is it harmful or especially expensive. The array model fits the relational model way, way better than the object oriented model (no "o/r impedance mismatch"). I think most domains fit just as well (if not better) with arrays. And specifically, the APL/K/J focus on data makes it a better foundation for optimization, parallelization and reasoning about program behaviour. Both are semi-evil towards end-users by virtue of these end-users being the product, rather than the customers they imagine themselves to be. Google tries to reach the unevil side, by giving you as full control of your data as they can, and not cross over the creepy line (although they are always near it). Facebook doesn't, and therefore finds itself on the evil side almost all the time. It's not that they want to be evil that makes them evil; It's just that not avoiding becoming evil makes them that way, and they do not try to avoid it in any way. (Plus, evil is more lucrative). > but I prefer evidence collected from modern people to justify those conclusions. No you don't. You want to reconfirm your bias. (I assume by "Evidence" you mean something that lives up to scientific standards. If it doesn't, I have no idea what you are talking about). > It doesn't say anything about happiness, fulfillment, etc. Science almost never has anything to say about these (or anything else which is this subjective). > I seem to recall some crackpot theory that low-calorie diets (ie., borderline starvation) increase your lifespan. But that is very well supported by science (on mice and fruit flies; not on humans YET). If you were interested in evidence, you wouldn't call it "crackpot", especially not considering ... > does it sound like fun? How miserable are we willing to make ourselves for a few extra years in a nursing home? By this standard, you should be doing booze and drugs all day. I've heard they're really fun (and they cut off those long years of old age!) I really can't understand people whose thought process can emit things like: > That's probably a false dichotomy, but you get the point. "I can't find an example that supports my point. So I'm making one up that is probably wrong. That's totally legit, and we should continue the discussion assuming my made-up example is fact" > makes me despair for the state of nutrition and health education. You should despair for it. It's mostly a religion somehow connected to pseudoscience, and definitely a far cry from science. The two basic axiom that almost everything is founded on (weight diff = calories in - calories out; and prot=4Kc/g, carb=4Kc/g, fat=9Kc/g, alc=7Kc/g) are disproved every other day, in the sense that even though they do apply in many cases, there is at least one robust study in which they do not apply to every 4 in which they do apply. Something fundamental is being totally ignored. It's like saying "it is scientific that people go to work and school every day", and ignoring the existence of weekends. I've just finished reading "Left in the Dark" http://leftinthedark.org.uk/ Mind=Blown; much less crackpot than you'd think, and with a hypothesis that explains it. You are not wrong. That's truly, truly dumb on twitter's behalf. They should have started with using the whole numeric range and/or switched to string ids long ago. As I have suggested in a post 9 months ago, and as I would have designed this system at any date since 2002 or so, the twit ID would be composed of userid bits + time bits. In the post below I suggested 32+32, but other divisions are acceptable depending on your "bot user" policy. Such an ID would at the same time be sufficient (up to 4G users, up to 5 tweets/sec/user AVERAGE, up until 2030). You can have two times as many users for just "2 tweets/sec average". Facebook only has 500M, so 4G should be sufficient. Such a construct makes the entire system significantly simpler and more robust to "meaningful" failure. I haven't seen a single thing tweeter has done right in the technical sense. They do deserve marketing and bizdev credit. http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/b2u6t/twitter_o... -1 all you like. It's engineering, not hindsight -- when building a system, I always ask myself "how does this scale" which usually translates to "on what attribute does this shard". Look at e.g. YouTube and many other sites around the same time. They knew what they were doing; Twitter didn't. I _have_ actually designed such a system in 1999, that used 48 bits, and it worked perfectly well. (Only had 28 bits for the user-id, which would have been broken at the 250M users -- alas the system never had more than than 5M; This was in the years 1999-2003). The only way you can shard absolutely monotonic is (effectively) randomly, which is an option however you assign ids; but other assignments let you build a much cheaper, much more robust system. The point was exactly that YouTube, which had a simpler problem to solve at around the same time (or earlier) did it properly. There do exist independent youtube clients (though not as many as Twitters's), but using the encoding they did, youtube has made it so that it is never going to be an issue, whereas for twitter it has already been a significant issue twice (that I'm aware of). It's very easy to dismiss sound engineering in retrospect as luck or as "how could anyone have known". In Jewish folklore, this is I guess a hundred or two years old, and is called a goat or a sheep: A man complains to his Rabbi that they have a tiny house and they can't manage with their wife and three kids all in the same room. The rabbi tells him "take your goat and put it in the room as well". The man does as advised, and comes back to the Rabbi two weeks later, complaining even more. The Rabbi tells him "take the goat out". The next time the man sees the Rabbi, he thanks him "We have so much room now that the goat is out". As Dwight Eisenhower once said: (Business) plans are useless, but planning is indispensable. Sounds like you didn't apply for a trademark, did the other guy? You can do a trademark search here: http://tess2.uspto.gov/bin/gate.exe?f=searchss&state=400... Either way, if the other guy is running a legitimate business AND received a trademark, he'll probably be able to force you to hand those over. That may be true a little longer down the line even if he doesn't hold the trademark. If you don't have any investment (other than the $7 or so), selling to them for a reasonable (whatever that means) price is probably the most useful course for both sides. Please add (1992) to title (that's the year it is from). Things haven't changed that much since, but ... it's good to put things in context. Yes, it is awesome; I remember reading about redo years ago and thinking "this IS going to be awesome when released". I was trying to think of things that make, with all its legacy, does better. The only thing I could come up with so far is when one input has multiple outputs (e.g. yacc; not quite dead, unfortunately). In gmake at least, you can do: %.h %.c: %.y yacc .... In redo, you'd have to have to have specific blah.h.do and blah.c.do for each blah.y file you have The other thing is multiple ways to generate the same file; as far as I know, make can do that but then the result is ambiguous - it's actually better than redo doesn't try. I was falling for that rhetoric. then I actually tried to do some high performance computing in Java. After a lot of optimizing (and going to non-idiomatic code), it was only x4 slower than the C code it was replacing. The initial "straightforward, idiomatic" code was x10-x50 slower, and taking x5 more memory (which caused it to be totally unusable, as the C code used 1GB of memory, and the machine only had 2). The computation was really quite simple, but it had to be done a bajillion times. I suspect part of the reason that it was so slow is that the JIT was not inlining something it obviously should have. However, I was unable to find any tools that would help me figure out if that was the case or what the JIT was actually achieving (consulting with Java experts I know didn't give any insight or link to such tools). If you're telling yourself that "java is good for hi-performance computing", you aren't really concerned with speed or memory. I'd add a few more (equally regarding APL and K and J and q) * They make it easier (and thus idiomatic and common) to write code that is vectorizable, GPUable, parallelizable, etc. For example (q syntax here), if you have a string x that has parentheses, and you want to know if they are balanced, a "balance" vector would be b:sums (x='(')-x=')' [sums is cumulative sum] this would count +1 for each open, -1 for each close. To verify the string is balanced, you have (all b>=0) and 0=last b [read: minimum of b is 0, and last of b is 0]. They can be combined to one vectorizable expression: (all b>=0) and 0=last b:sums (x='(')-x=')' * The bugs in these languages tend to be almost exclusively logic bugs (wrong implementation assumptions, common to every language) or one-off bugs if your cut-and-paste vectors with mismatched indices. Others are very rare * The terseness makes a lot of code fit on the screen at the same time. Which requires more mental effort to process but pays off hugely as you get a lot more context at the same time. That just puts an emphasis on what I said. If there are a lot of hidden things that can go wrong, then in any non-trivial application some of them do, and Java performance is on the average, horrible. The bigger problem is that there's no reasonable way of figuring out what the problem might be. And for the record, said code was a tight loop, created no objects, had the same kind of workload of a sort algorithm; The two nontrivial things about it was that it was accessing multiple simple vectors using the same index (non-idiomatic java), and that one of those vectors was a memory mapped buffer (non-idiomatic java, but essential because of the overuse of memory). Thanks (both for the reply and for redo! oh, and for bup and sshuttle!) The multiple-output solution is not very painful, but is kind of error prone, which stands out as redo is otherwise extremely clean, simple and robust. Perhaps something like "yytab.h_and_yytab.c.do" in the filename could work? Quoting myself: > it's actually better than redo doesn't try. This was a type. I mean tot say "actually better that redo doesn't try", which is what you were saying too. seems to be. > How is it that we went through at least 40 years of incorrect diet advice without controlled studies giving us accurate and science based broad understanding of what actually made sense? Funny. You really thought the government and industry were actually looking for the scientific truth, or otherwise had your health in mind. Now that you have been disillusioned, you should start questioning other government policies. I'll spoil the fun and tell you what you'll find: It's all about commercial interests, and you can easily see which ones in retrospect by tracing where regulators go to work after they leave their government job. The hebrew word for sin is חטא ("het"), which shares a root with להחטיא ("to miss the mark"). Hebrew forms start with a 3-letter base[1], which gets put into various templates for conjugations of time, person, active/passive and other nuances. So it seems that you're right there. [1] modern hebrew also has 4-letter bases and supposedly even a couple of 5-letter ones -- rumour has it that the 5 letter ones never found their way out of a dictionary though. I would assume he has given up on convincing other researchers of the validity of his views. And if you were actually familiar with how that system works (as opposed to how you think it should ideally work, or some approximation thereof), you would not appeal to the authority of those who practice "nutrition science", because it is anything but. The way science works, in general, is not the so-called "scientific method" - most funding is controlled by people in the field who have a vested interest (ego, monetary or otherwise) in maintaining the status-quo and beliefs. While it's easy enough to practice "the scientific method" on new frontiers, it is a quixotic endeavour to challenge a prevailing concept. In many cases, it should be -- when the prevailing concept has actually been rigorously studied and proved. This is NOT the case with nutrition (nor many specific corners of medicine and health). I don't know what faith you subscribe to, so this example might fall on deaf ears, but PZ Myers and Richard Dawkins don't need to convince the pope of anything -- they need to appeal to the masses. Much of nutrition recommendations are based on faith (and politics) rather than evidence, and in that sense, Taubes is not wrong in the attempt to appeal to the masses. And while he might not be an established research scientist like Dawkins, he has a better grasp of science and burden of proof than those he criticizes, and at least "Good Calories, Bad Calories" is meticulously researched with hundreds of references -- which is much more than you can say about your average (and even "cream of the crop") nutritional science research. Your argument is essentially an appeal to authority -- and to the wrong authority at that. 0.001% is still probably a generous estimate -- given Facebook's 3000 or so employees and the fact that all not-very-senior employees should add up to 2%. Also, stock options need to have a hardly-discounted exercise price attached. That is, an employee that gets a stock option package reflecting shares worth $500K will have to shell out (at least) $450K to exercise them when the time comes. So based on this valuation, if facebook is worth "only" $70B in 4 years, the profit is going to be $250K or ~$60K/year. Nothing to sneeze at, and definitely a nice bonus -- but not more than that. And if facebook is worth $30B at the end of 4 years, today's stock option grant is worth virtually nothing. No. There were guys in Columbia university who (supposedly) had a much better system than Mark Z, and are probably writing code in a cubicle at Google or equivalent. I suppose Zuckerberg got his start because he knows how to code, but he is an excellent CEO, something neither of these 2 guys nor Friendster had. Do you really think facebook is winning because of a better architecture? I despise facebook, and don't use it. But I recognize that Zuckerberg has been doing an excellent job in growing the company, seizing opportunities, thinking huge, and most importantly -- bringing the right people in at the right time. I tend to agree with Fred Wilson about the three things a CEO does: develop vision, acquire talent, raise money. Zuckerberg has done all three very, very well. I don't know how RSUs count against the 500 shareholder rule -- but for tax purposes, they count as an UNrestricted grant. That is, if you get $1M equivalent shares in RSUs, you get taxed immediately on that value, regardless of the restrictions. So you have to pay $350K (and that's just federal!), which you have no way to recover until the restriction is lifted. Worse, if you get fired the next day, you're out $350K with no way to reclaim them. Pay attention to tax laws. If you are well off, that is your single largest expense. My CPA recommended "The corporation company" ( incorporate.com ) to save the hassle, but web reviews are mixed. Anyone have experience with a simple, reasonably cheap, incorporation service? Not really. If you toss 100,000,000 == 2 ^ 27, you should only expect around 30 in a row. To have a good chance of getting 100 in a row, you need about a billion squared times more. And the problem is MUCH worse than described above: Let's say you test 1000 wrong hypothesises with p=0.05; 50 of those will be accepted as true, even though all are wrong. If you test 980 wrong hypothesises and 20 right ones, more than half of those that pass the p=0.05 "golden" significance test will in fact be wrong. Now, when you see a medical journal with 20 articles using p=0.05, which do you think is more probable - that 19 are right and one is wrong, or 19 are wrong and one is right? The latter has a much higher likelihood. Who are "we"? Physicists are the only ones who still do as far as I can tell -- everyone else prefers to spend their research budget somewhere else. Clinical researchers working for non-profits / universities do, occasionally. I suspect it has become popular recently not because lives are at stake, but because it lets you publish something meaningful without having to run complex, error prone and lengthy experiments. Regardless of the true reason, these are never carried out before a new drug or treatment is approved (because there is usually one or two studies supporting said treatment, both positive). And if you have pointers to techniques developed for/by EBM practitioners, I would be grateful. Being a bayesian guy myself and having spent some time reading Lancet, NEMJ and BMJ papers, I'm so far unimpressed, to say the least. Back in '99, I was working in the Instant-Messaging and Chat-On-Page sector. Let me tell you what I observed back then: The IETF group working on IM was comprised of people from Netscape, Microsoft, AOL and a few others. At that point, AOL owned the IM world through AOL Messenger and (then recently acquired) ICQ. Microsoft was starting to make a dent with MSN Messenger after they started bundling it with the O/S and everything. I was following the IETF discussions and mailing lists, and after a couple of months realised that the people on these lists had no reason to make things happen -- on the contrary. Everyone wanted AOL to open up the ICQ/AOL networks; they wouldn't. Everyone was already working on their own IM protocol, and didn't want to share it with the others -- they just wanted the OTHERS to share THEIRS. The discussions were long and pointless, revolving around semantics and irrelevant scenarios. XMPP/Jabber developer was among the participants. The suggestions were full of flaws, complex and inefficient to implement, and no one liked them. But he was the only guy releasing code. And after a couple of years (sometime in 2001 IIRC -- I was no longer closely following it) it actually became usable. It is still inefficient; it is still too complex for what it does; But for the last 9 years or so, it was the only option for a documented protocol with an open source implementation that you could find cross-platform clients for and install inside your own network. And that's a win. Where can I find more DJB publications / activities? His cr.yp.to website doesn't seem to have been updated in ages. Everything else you said was spot on, but this is wrong: > And of course it goes into depth about the Flash Crash without once mentioning Waddell & Reed, a discretionary (non-quant) fund whose errant trade started the crash to begin with. Waddell & Reed had nothing to do with the big flash crash, nor with the 10 slightly smaller crashes that has happened since -- at least, not any other non-HFT trader had that day. If you want something which isn't some ridiculous CYA, read Nanex's analysis, not the SEC. There are equivalents for other environments; Non has quite as many packages. Python: cheeseshop / easy_install / PyPI Node: npm debian: apt TeX: CTAN R: CRAN (edit: cheeseship -> cheeseshop. Thanks!) for C code: Anything by djb. http://cr.yp.to Unconventional, but top quality. for C or Python code: Anything by Avery Pennarun ( http://apenwarr.ca - his stuff is on GitHub) for C or Lua code: Anything by Mike Pall ( http://luajit.org ) The Python interpreter is mostly a joy to read. FLTK is a great example of C++ code from the days before template worms ate everyone's brains. The letters have different sizes and fonts. They could have htmld it, I guess, but they needed it to be rich text. I'm sure there is. I want links I can review, because Java sucks the joy of programming out of me. If you're still at the idea stage, you will want to prototype first. If it's small enough, you can print it with a MakerBot (Desktop 3D printer for $1200 or so). Alternatively, you could use ShapeWays (the "fedex/kinkos" of 3D printing). Until you actually have production volumes in the hundreds (perhaps thousands) of units, this will be the cheaper, faster, easier option. The printer. raw material is then 50cents/pound or so, and it basically all goes to use. It's a kit, not hard to build from what I've seen and heard, but still you have to be willing to spend those few hours tinkering (or find someone else who does). It takes 20-30 minutes to print a nontrivial object, but it can run continuously for hours, so it's good enough to prototype with and get the first 20 made. My university had this competition with a different twist: - The egg was dropped from a 10-story building - The winner is whoever gets the egg safely to the concrete below in the minimal time. Nothing else matters. (But the judges must be able to see that the egg does indeed touch the concrete). Most contestants tried to get the egg to drop slowly, e.g. using helium or parachutes. The winner used a rocket to speed the egg down, and placed the egg within a honey jar. The jar hit the floor and cracked in ~1.5 seconds, the honey absorbed all the shock, and it took 2 more seconds for the egg to roll out of the honey and touch the concrete. - Strong push towards threading. Before NIO, there wasn't a way to avoid threads if you wanted to talk to multiple sockets. NIO has solved that for networks, but the whole java framework/idioms push you towards threads where it shouldn't. - No way to tell how things are implemented. I had written a heapsort in Java. It run x40 slower than the equivalent C. I was trying to figure out why -- e.g. was it inlining the things it should? if not, why? It's like Java is a subcontractor that won't answer about their methods - that's a bad habit. >> Strong push towards threading. Before NIO, there wasn't a way to avoid threads if you wanted to talk to multiple sockets. NIO has solved that for networks, but the whole java framework/idioms push you towards threads where it shouldn't. > Where? I'm starting to think people dislike Java for the community / way it's used in enterprise rather than anything to do with the language. There's no push toward threading in the language :/ And NIO has been around for years. I've used Java (and was burnt by it) before NIO made its appearance -- it was 2002 or maybe even 2003. I recently had to join a Java project that's "only" been around 2 years, so it could have benefited from the years of NIO -- but other than the base language, there is no async interface to be found. You want to talk to a database or key value store? You have to block (meaning thread). Want to do a URL fetch? you have to block, because there is no non-blocking libraries to be found. It's not that it is impossible to do -- it is quite possible -- but it is almost against java culture. > Where? I'm starting to think people dislike Java for the community / way it's used in enterprise rather than anything to do with the language. You can say that again! The java language is, I guess, ok (I don't like it, but it's mostly a matter of taste). The java ecosystem encourages verbosity-for-verbosity's sake, engineering-for-engineering sake, and ignoring common sense in the name of "purity". That Java project I joined, for example, has hundreds of classes that do nothing but store a field or two, have getters and setters for them, and perhaps have one "action" in them. Each such class is only a couple of hundred lines. This is totally useless, and when optimization time comes (and it comes, because the project is running too slow because of hundreds of layers of encapsulation), it is nearly impossible to find a culprit because everything is spread thin through hundreds of useless classes. I put up a plea for good java code on HN a few days ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2094274 it didn't get high enough to ellicit much response (20 on the "ask hn" page, not sure how far on the main). But the responses that are there did not cause me to re-evaluate. > - No way to tell how things are implemented. What?? Look at the source code. Decompile the class file into byte code :/ I have a merge sort that takes 40x long as it does in C. The reason I needed to implement it myself is that for the 400MB of data I'm looking it, the library tried to allocate over 2GB (which is all the deployment machine has), and that's just my test data -- when I try to sort 2GB of data, it would have required ~10GB. I carefully wrote it so that no object gets allocated during the sort. 40x slower than C. WTF? Perhaps that MemoryMappedByteBuffer I am using does not inline it's ".get()" method -- that would explain x5, I think, not x40. But I have no frigging way of checking. I am doing high performance code, which I agree is not common, but my experience with Hadoop (which is becoming ever more popular) is that the design decisions are such that the performance cost is x10 for just using hadoop compared to writing straightforward code -- meaning you would need 10 nodes to just break even. I've been burnt by Java. I came back only after I could treat it with an open mind. I've been burnt again. I hate Java. > I think the difference lies in if you write 'Enterprise' java, use XML for everything, use patterns, tons of threads etc or if you just write tight, tidy, concise speedy java. There's a saying, "one of the problems that lawyers have, is that 95% of those in the profession give all the rest a bad name". That's also true for people who view Java. notch's screencasts show that there is an alternative, and I'll take your word for it that you're in that class as well. But you're part of the 5%; maybe the 1%. Furthermore, git stores the entire project history locally and compressed in such a way that a live git project (checkout+entire history) often takes LESS space than an equivalent live subversion project (checkout * 2, which subversion does for allowing you to diff without having to go to the server). Obviously, if you add a 1GB random file then delete it, the git entire history will have 1GB more data than an SVN checkout. but usually, it's smaller. I've switched to using gitsvn exclusively for svn projects I'm involved with since I noticed that -- I save space and have complete project history locally. What more could you ask for? (p.s: git svn is a better svn client than svn. really) - hundreds of times simpler (literally, if you count source code lines) - much easier to use in the sense that if you know the compile command you need to use (or the shell command or whatever), you already know how to use redo. - strictly a build system (CMake and SCons also do autoconf stuff) Yep, same me :) Thanks. djb's "critbit" trees are much more interesting, I think: They are basically binary patricia trees (like nedtries, if I understand correctly). However, djb's observation is that in order to locate a specific string, you only have to look at the "critical" bits - the bits that are different between different entries in the database. So, for example, if key 1 differs from key 2 (top two keys in the tree) in bit 317, you check bit 317, and you know which one of them it is NOT (and also, which branch of the tree it is not). Proceed recursively -- most keys will, in practice, be identified by log2(n) bits where n is the number of keys in the table, NOT the length of the key. Quoting myself (from http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1859185 ): I've been looking for material about Eurisko. Other than this championship, there appears to be no credible documentation of any of Eurisko's reported achievements. It might be super-duper, but the fact that he wouldn't let anyone else use it, and that those amazing feats have not been reproduced by others despite huge advances - might just mean that there's more myth to truth in the stories about Eurisko. (and ... quoting jonoff from same thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1861890 ) Adding to the mystery, I read the newyorker article (2009) linked from wikipedia on Eurisko, and it seems Lenat forgot the winning strategy Eurisko developed, or the first article is wrong. "Eurisko, however, had judged that defense was more important than offense, that many cheap, invulnerable ships would outlast fleets consisting of a few high-priced, sophisticated vessels. There were ninety-six ships in Eurisko’s fleet, most of which were slow and clumsy because of their heavy armor" - 1984 article "astronomical number of small ships like P.T. boats, with powerful weapons but absolutely no defense and no mobility, Lenat said. They just sat there. Basically, if they were hit once they would sink." - 2009 article Seth Roberts understands research on one hand and statistics on the other, better than about 95% of people who publish results. > 73% might be achievable just by looking at co-correlation. Up days and down days tend to run in streaks. If that were true, there would be an exceptionally easy way to make money: Buy a future or option today based on yesterday's move. Leverage ad infinitum. Random coin flips also tend to run in streaks, btw - in a few thousand throws, you'll probably have several 10 "head" streaks and several 10 "tail" streaks. I do not know what this "co-correlation" that you speak of is, and google doesn't seem to either. Assuming you are speaking about day-to-day correlation: I don't know what futures you were thinking of, but financial futures (single stock, index futures, currency futures) track the base value EXACTLY (but also taking into account interest rates, dividends, etc). If this weren't the case, there would be an immediate arbitrage opportunity. Specifically, once you factor the interest rate out, the DJIA future and the DJIA index are in sync within seconds. The HFT traders take care of that. And while it is true that the market does trend occasionally (more than a coin flip), timing the start and end of the trade is empirically very hard. If you know the market is trending, why don't you buy a future betting on the trending direction, with a stop at 2 ticks above and below your entry price? If the market is trending, you have positive winning expectation. Except the market doesn't work that way - and if you think the market is trending when it isn't, you lose money with this scheme. > the talent appears randomly That's a pretty strong statement, but even if we take it as an axiom, I think that it isn't migration that concentrates it -- people migrate from everywhere to everywhere all the time. I think it has more to do with having gone through some hardship, and (selection bias) having done so successfully, makes people better at taking risks. There's a statistic that says that a huge number (ten percent or so) of immigrants immigrate again to a 3rd country. Someone who never immigrated would think "all that trouble, again?". Someone who [successfully] has thinks "Well, that wasn't so hard, we can try that again". As a matter of fact, I did. It's not easy, it's far from cheap, but having gone through all of that, another move -- at least to an English speaking country -- is comparatively trivial to what I've thought about it before. And if you take offence at random remarks by strangers on the internet, you should have a long talk with yourself. If I could upvote you more than once, I would. It's an amazing piece of work: Those 617 lines are in its own C subset, so it can compile itself into a native code ELF version. This evolved into bellard's "tcc" compiler, which is the fastest (compile-time wise) available on linux, the only one I'm aware of that can be used as a library to run code in memory (without having to generate an .so and load that). And it's output performance, while lacking compared to -O3 gcc or clang - is not too shabby! > but it's awkward for really complex parsing (since it inherently combines lexing and parsing). I'm kind of surprised by that statement - grammars for programming languages expressed in PEG always seem much cleaner to me than the lex/parse separation. Can you give an example of a grammar that you find is complicated by PEG? > It really says something about C that so many useful-but-small systems have a good chunk of code devoted to hash table implementations, atoms ("a reference-counted string type"), etc. Well, the only reason for that is that C never had a hash table in its standard library. The same assertion is true about any other programming language I've seen that doesn't. Python's and Lua's dicts are really hard to top (at least in the general case, and definitely inside the language), so there aren't even any attempts. Java's is slow and horrible, so there are hundreds of replacements, but they're all interface compatible. > That and serializing custom data structures to disk accounts for more than half of its code. That's one of the the things K gets unbelievably right - there is one routine (which with Arthur's style is probably 10 lines of C) for serialize, and another for deserialize. They work for any K structure, and they do that with blinding speed thanks to being totally memory mapped. My C code has switched to that approach as well - and it works really, really well. And that it also pays for your friend's cigars. Because the banksters have to be represented in this analogy too. I'm surprised I'm downvoted for this, perhaps someone would explain why -- a significant percentage of budget goes to fund politician's friends and supporters. Specifically, the $700B bank bailout of 2008 went to pay for reckless bets by bankers. (Which were all too happy to take the profits, when they were there, to themselves) How is that not part of the tax system? bup! bup! bup! https://github.com/apenwarr/bup But if you design it well enough, it does. Here's a copy-pasta from a reddit comment of mine from a few months ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/b2u6t/twitter_o... ------------------ Color me unimpressed. At some point, I was collecting 40GB/day of financial data (and that's after bzip2ing them .. probably 200GB/day before); This was done on hardware costing $30K (which was two equivalent machines with 4GB, each having 20*1TB in a raid configuration -- this was a hot-backup configuration) and the operation run (coded, supervised, administered) by 2 people. I'm extrapolating from your numbers: Let's say you have 70GB over 14 days = 5GB/day; Let's assume Twitter has 100GB/day of text twits (which, incidentally, means ~1 billion tweets per day which I highly doubt, as they took few years to get to the 1 billion mark, and last I heard they were at less than 100 million twits/day) Then, at this day and age (numbers selected for 2 years ago, when they had their last infrastructure revision), what you do is buy 20 servers with 8GB of memory each (for, say $5K each), plus a little redundancy, and store all the latest twits in memory, and the most popular user's older twits as well; everything else on disk. Throw in cheap web front-ends that don't even need a local disk, load balancing, and a gigabit ethernet backplane. You're still under $200K in equipment. Yes, the code is not going to be trivial, but for $100K and 3 months you can get a stunt programmer (I know a few who can do it and won't charge as much). A run-of-the-mill RDBMS is the wrong tool for this job; Basically, run of the mill anything; but that does not make it incredibly hard. I think $300K for hardware and software, you can get a Twitter clone that performs as well. Twitter is successful, but that's not thanks to good engineering. I'm interested to know in what application you need character counting in which this makes a difference: How about diacritics and accents? Or do you care only about chars and not about semantics or graphics? Also, if that mattered to me, I'd store the char count in addition to the string length. > Be careful extrapolating success scaling in one domain to success scaling in another. I agree about that. > go into it with a fresh mind each time, and really pay attention to what the requirements are and what you can cut corners on. There are some general principles you should know: memory is much faster than disk, cut out layers of abstraction that you don't need, etc - but in order to apply them effectively, you really need to pay attention to the details of your problem domain. (slightly edited) - This is golden. However: > If you think you can solve Twitter's scaling problems, they're hiring, they're pre-IPO, and they're probably giving out decent chunks of stock. I know I can solve Twitter's scaling problems (I don't think the solution I posted is the end-all-be-all, and for all I know that might not be where their scale problem is -- it is just perceived and argued about this part, which is not very hard). However, Twitter's abysmal uptime (for the kind of sevice they are providing) had no bearing on their growth in 2008-2009. And even if by re-architecting Twitter they can save $2M/year on operations, it would be dumb to do that before they're in the black for a while and can identify their real profit and loss centers. Also, those stock are not worth quite as much as people think when you take everything into account. (I've got a successful exit as a non-founder behind me; I'm intimately familiar with all the gory details including taxes, dilution, etc -- Whether options or RSUs, if you are granted anything of value, you have to pay full taxes AT THE TIME OF THE GRANT). My point was only to show how non-impressive the problem twitter is (supposedly) facing. It's a repeating discussion: - Twitter sucks - No they don't, they do xxx and it's damn hard Don't know why I even bother anymore. A company that had (maybe still has?) their millions-of-views-a-day pages created in Ruby doesn't care about solving scale issues. At Google, you guys throw out closing paragraph tags from the main page when it is clear it renders fine without them. Does this remind anyone else of SGI? - Total domination of their own field - Resting on laurels while others snatch the market from under them - Panic - Get a CEO from Microsoft - CEO quickly decides that the O/S developed in house is not worth maintaining. And that the right O/S is no other than Microsoft's offering - Company continues dive to irrelevance, albeit at a much faster rate than before Well, the last one hasn't happened to Nokia. yet. Goodbye old Nokia. You will be missed. And they forgot Sendo http://www.theregister.co.uk/2003/01/06/microsofts_masterpla... And some would say Danger as well (e.g., Danger employees). But at least Danger was bought and paid for, and not just screwed. IRIX was a god of an OS. It had real time I/O. It had the best user interface at the time, with super fast scalable vector graphics for everything in '94. (Modern desktops have caught up some 13 years later). It had usable 64 bits everything before anyone else - R10000 was generally available in '95. They were insanely fast compared to the Sun and Digital stations of the time - the only competitor was Digital Alpha, and IRIX beat Ultrix to the ground and mopped the floor with it. These were the days of multiculture, where my employer insisted on having several Alphas, Suns, SGIs, RS/6000 and more to make sure we're not locked to any specific vendor. Apple paid NeXT to take them over, and got their CEO installed in place of Apple's. A guy called Steve Jobs, you might have heard of him. NeXT knew what they were doing (hardware, software)-wise, and Apple at that point in time didn't. Whereas Microsoft have no idea how to phones (Kin, anyone?); the jury is still out on the phone software but it doesn't look good (iOS and Android are mopping the floor with WP7). And if Ballmer is installed as CEO of Nokia, I'm going to short it. It's relatively easy to downsize IP laws with a single change: If they are property, tax them as property. e.g. Every year, a patent/copyright/trademark owner has to state the value of their "property", and pay 1% tax on its value. That entitles them to sue each defendant for said value (maybe 3 for wilful infringement, but that's it). You can make it easier by declaring the value of the "property" at any point in time during the year until 15-apr the following* year, so you can evaluate in retrospect. Now, all of a sudden, it doesn't make sense to hoard patents or copyrights as much - If you value each song at $100K, then it costs $1K/year to maintain that copyright. I'm sure Intel/Microsoft/Apple would actually evaluate what does and doesn't need patent protection when they have to pay millions of dollars per year to maintain it. Furthermore, it's only reasonable - paying tax for having the state enforce your "property" rights. You are aware that it is over 100 years now from the beginning of the war on recreative drug use? IIRC, the first restrictions were put in effect in the US in 1906. There isn't a lot of love for Tim Ferris around HN. But you definitely should read "The four hour work week". It will give you some ideas of what to do, but more importantly, it will give you some ideas of how to efficiently do whatever it is that you want to do (time and money wise). Nothing he writes there is secret, and yet, it is unconventional on one hand and potentially extremely useful on the other. Looks cool. But when I do upgrade my venerable analog watch, it's probably going to be to a http://lunatik.com + ipod nano 6g. A little more expensive, requires a jailbreak, but a hell of a lot more functional, and doesn't require uploading my code anywhere to compile it once jailbroken. He explained it more than once: Nuances are lost in the internet on one hand, and (apparently) Finnish culture is very in-your-face with everything made more extreme for dramatic effect. You may not like it, but it is extremely effective, and Linus _is_ herding thousands of developers, he has to be effective. Seems I was mistaken and the answer is "not yet". In the real speccy, you could double the horizontal resolution from 192 lines to 384 lines, and also get different colors for each 8x1 (or 8x0.5 if extending to 384) by changing the screen bitmap while the scanline is being generated. Pixel timing accurate emulators exist -- in fact, C64 games written after ~1990 are useless without it. "Java" is an overloaded term. "Java the Language" is not dying. I would be happy if it did, but it's going to enjoy COBOLesque longevity, and for mostly the same reasons. "Java the Virtual Machine" is not dying, and I don't care one way or the other -- why do I care if Jython targets JVM vs. CPython that targets its own VM or IronPython that targets .net? If it gets the job done well enough, I'll use it. It isn't really mutating either. "Java the Eco system" is not dying - there's too much invested. It will be years before it dies, if it ever does. It's also not mutating. Seems to me like no part of Java is dying, and only a small part of Java is mutating. Also, long ago there was Prothon, which wasn't exacyly python but was very close, and didn't have a GIL. Unfortunately, it seems all source code drops of this disappeared from the earth, though you can still find some mentions e.g. http://blog.ianbicking.org/initial-thoughts-on-prothon.html I don't remember how Vyper worked, but it might have abolished the GIL too: http://got.net/~landauer/sw/vyper_readme.html The subsection title: "Why you are not getting laid". The author: Miguel de Icaza, the man behind Mono (among other things) Worth reading. Well, they must give you the exercise price; and if you assume it is a fair price (or 15% discounted, which is often the case) of $x/share, you know that e.g. if the company grows up 10 times in value, you get a bonus of $n x (10-1) where n is the number of shares you get an option for. So in that sense, the total outstanding is not interesting. It is interesting in the sense that you need to know the total company valuation to have an idea of how much the company can still increase its value. If an unknown facebook competitor "mugshotbook.com" is already valued at $5B without any users, it is unlikely your option will be worth anything ever, regardless of how much you are getting. DO NOT FORGET: Options are a contract to buy in the future at a price known today. They are not equivalent to shares (if they were, you'd be taxed for the face value on the day of the grant!). If the value does not go up, they are worth exactly nothing. If you get facebook options with exercise price reflecting $50B market capitalization, and facebook IPOs at $50.5B when you are vested, what you earn is 1% of the share value of your options (because of the exercise price), not a penny more! In numbers: If you get $10M worth of facebook options today, and facebook IPOs at $50.5B, you get a $100K bonus for your (e.g.) 4 years of vesting, or $25K/year -- not shabby, but a far cry from the $10M you think you'll be owning. ssh-agent + ssh-add or ControlMaster (depending on how you set things up) will share either a key or the whole connection without requiring you to re-authenticate Prediction is hard. Even more so if it is about the future.