Warp engines make a little stable bubble of space and shift what's around it, so onboard time matches galaxy time, and you can jaunt a significant way across the galaxy and still be home in a few years Earth time. Read it again. He's talking about near-zero sleep calls, not one second sleep calls. It works now that I stuck it on a server, but apparently FF3.6.4 drops the data between passes on a file:// url. IE6 and Opera10 hang on to it, nothing else available here. Yeah, this isn't at all the article I was expecting because of that. Consider someone sniffing wifi. I'm worried about eavesdropping much more often than man in the middle, and nontrusted SSL could provide that if browsers would stop freaking out and just go without a padlock. Defaulting to running directly as admin is a settings flaw, not a problem with the underlying security system. On the other hand, the fact that it's inaccurate and weak suggests even more that it's not 'clinical'. Other than that being plain old chemistry, the numbers don't line up. 500 times thinner than a hair is 100+ nanometers, not 1 nanometer. result = case when baz>10 then foo else bar end is a translation of if baz>10: result = self.foo() else: result = self.bar() while result = if baz > 10 foo else bar end is a translation of result = self.foo() if baz>10 else self.bar() It's true that some things have to be changed when translating, but you can't ignore the deliberate structure of the original. Let's say I want to look at how inter-sentence objects work in two languages. I give you the phrase: "Raining cats and dogs. This is what the weather is like." You can't translate it as if it said "It's raining cats and dogs" without losing the basis of comparison entirely. As long as they have the files in plaintext, I prefer the 'ridiculous' method for the speed benefits. If you upload data unencrypted and expect perfect privacy on it you're fooling yourself. Yes, SpiderOak does, but I'm talking about the ones being complained about. Wow, this is more annoying than when a blocked popup in chrome still fully loads and starts playing a video. If you take the rope from 0T to >30T instantly, then you will have all the weights lift up. As long as you keep the rope tense, they will all rise with different accelerations until they hit the top. If you apply tension over time, even very quickly, then the lighter weight will rise first. You don't have to go 'faster than the speed of light' to escape a black hole if you're not affected in the usual manner by gravity. And I'm not aware of any suggestion that gravity itself is affected by gravity. I knew it was a source of its own much smaller gravity, I guess I was wrong about how strongly coupled that is with the original field. Still, that's not itself being 'normally' affected by gravity, and I've never seen anything discuss it. Only the ones that won't switch to a log-performance data structure when it's causing them trouble. I suppose, but with GPLv2 there's nothing more than a technicality in the way, is there? As far as I understand it, the app store agreement prevents you from taking that particular copy of the app and doing free things with it, but nothing truly restrictive. You can still get a copy of the source from the app-maker, and exercise all your normal free software rights. Then again, saying that makes me feel like I'm missing something. Am I? Python only has about 30 keywords, and the English meaning only helps on some of them. Words like 'lambda' or 'raise' are not immediately intuitive. Translations of function names like raw_input are nice, but you can do that no matter what the base language's keywords look like, and I challenge you to find simple symbols for every built in function, like divmod, help, oct, memoryview, unicode, buffer, delattr. Desalination costs well under a penny per gallon. There's no shortage of water if you're willing to pay a small fee. Letting people see each individual device, even firewalled, is a security downside. I need a reference that exposing more information about systems that are nearly guaranteed to have security flaws is bad? I'll give you a simple scenario and then go look for something to make you happy. I have a computer running services A and B and several computers running service B. Service A exposes information about the computer's configuration that helps attack service B, but only if the attacker can figure out which one. Edit: I haven't really been able to find a comparison between firewalling and firewalling+NAT, just comparisons between nothing and NAT. Apparently Minefield is set up to require recent drivers. I was getting nothing on my laptop until I worked out that I had to go to intel's site, run the driver installer, ignore its error message telling me to go to the laptop manufacturer, and manually tell windows to use the driver now in my temp folder. I don't understand why they didn't instead drop the next few leap days. How impatient can you be when cathedrals may take centuries to build? I've had a few break in the sense of wires/chips physically losing a proper connection, but that's a matter of holding it just so while you get your data off. Nothing worse yet. To be more specific about what exactly the Axiom of Choice is: If you have a finite number of sets, you don't need the Axiom of Choice. You can enumerate them and pick out of each. If you have a rule to choose items, like picking the smallest element in a set of natural numbers, you don't need the Axiom of Choice. There is no choice to be made, you just follow the rule. The problems come out when you have an infinite number of sets and you pick items arbitrarily. This is what the Axiom of Choice allows you to do. Infinity is dangerous. It's fine to play devil's advocate, but I would advise against making that depend on a secondary argument that society disagrees with, that being libraries as a negative thing. It depends. If you read the book on the kindle once and then the library has the hard copy forever, then it's equivalent to a full donation on top of reading the book. If you use it as a reference and come back to it often, then you're double dipping. And beyond that there's not even a hint that it's actually adjacent 7 character passwords. It was a question of KoZeN, not about the article. Honestly, it's more annoying for you to specifically not name anything. Email is sent to other accounts . These are tweets on his own account . > why I'm being downvoted Your comment was at first a quick snipe, without any reason expressed in it. If you vote incorrectly, you should either leave it or explain your opinion properly, as you have now done. It looks like you've now been upvoted back. That's obvious, but I don't think that's xentronium's point. It seems to be poking fun at the way the differences in the sexes now and through history that the post calls us to consider can be applied to that line. Something like that. I don't claim it to be particularly well thought out. It's a nice concept, sharing the file directly. Sadly it's not working here past a basic stateful firewall. Is it capable of hole punching at all? I also wonder why it loads the entire file into memory. And a final nit, fixed whitespace on the left and bottom screw up the site in a small window, and it doesn't get working scrollbars either. I like the new one for the most part. Sometimes I would prefer the sizes to be listed under the image, but having the page full of images with minimal whitespace is nice; less clicking to see the results. If the cores aren't at the same speed it can probably happen. Sure! Here's your wrapper that abstracts the concept of processes and never says 'done'. Well, while the legal definition of assault is based on contact in general, I would guess that notahacker is talking about injurious violence, or at least a solid threat of it, as 'real assault'. And probably 'real' in terms of 'sexual' would mean something sexually motivated. That's the problem with categories; a whole range of behaviors end up with the same name, and now we're wasting time with semantics instead of worrying about the rights violation. Doesn't matter, it's indirected away. All you know is that you were done asking it for data. You have a program. It has input and output, and is either running or done. With abstraction, you can have a view of the program that is just a bidirectional data pipe. You give it information, you request information back. At some point you're done talking to it and drop the reference. The entire idea of 'halting' is gone. None of these are search results. The search results are in a list in a strictly defined format. These are guesses at meaning that go above them, just like ads go to the side. http://www.google.com/search?q=2%2B2 No, it doesn't have to be absolute at all. It just has to be shared. And the frame of reference is roughly shared, just not closely enough for 30 years to matter. If I'm doing my math right, the redshift of M100 works out to less than 700 years variation over a 50 million year timespan. Smaller doses over time are safer than a large dose. Time to fix things up. Concentrating the radiation has a negative effect. Edit: Maybe this is incorrect when it comes to cancer risk, but I had the impression it still mattered, with multiple impacts in the same area of DNA causing things to be more likely to permanently break. Unless that is extremely unlikely to happen at all at this level of dose. Still, these machines are probably not particularly harmful. I guess I should have addressed that idea specifically. If you transfer total control to a subprogram that directly looks for halting, you've just moved the problem, you haven't really abstracted it. Apply indirection to anything with unspecified runtime. When you need a result, put a reasonable waiting time on it, and if it doesn't happen assume the source has died and handle it as an error code. I would have thought this had already been tested on antiprotons, but I'm not seeing any references for it. Just a note that results from testing anti-hydrogen for gravity should be had in the next few years. Maybe containing something so charged overwhelms gravity? The problem is that it's a poor reference for storage. It's focused on maximum computation in a certain chunk of matter, which is a massive waste of energy. One of the comments on the blog talks about charging individual electrons at five orders of magnitude less energy, at the cost of much more mass. It might be possible to optimize this down to a lake-sized level of storage mass and boiling energy. http://whatismyip.org/ What? It's in the html in plaintext, and this method takes far more bandwidth. The encryption is block based. Change a bit and you're completely scramble the block, but no more. I look forward to this once it actually works. Right now, when any stacks are collapsed tab order breaks badly. And you can't have more than one uncollapsed. Because everyone is reading cached versions. I'm pretty sure paying for groceries is drastically easier than stealing them, further hurting the comparison. While I don't think making installers more complex is the answer, I disagree with your first paragraph. I pay general attention to what installers do but I don't scrounge around my computer looking for changes. I especially don't go to the menus-deep plugin list unless I want to do something like reset flash. How about "only pass user-sourced data in parameters"? So anything that isn't a parameter is coming from the app, possibly as a response to user data, but not actually from user data. This statement seems just as powerful as the original. Anything misleading about it? Somewhere you can't use parameters and can't simply use app-supplied query pieces? Because input validation is hard to do. A rule to not pass input EVER (outside of parameters), even in a supposedly validated form, is something different. It's not a cause, sure. But I have never heard the word evolution defined to not apply to the process. Do you have a better reference I could read? Q: How does a Windows machine react if ports above 1080 are blocked by a router? A: A regular user can surf for roughly 2min after booting, then has to reboot. Huh? Okay, outgoing ports makes sense. I didn't realize that was the meaning. And with persistent connections I was thinking down the wrong path. I'm sure many of these people are violating copyright to get a copy of the installer, but surely that can't be the main law being broken. Avoiding the specifics of Avast that I don't know, if they can get the installer from the producer, maybe because there's a trial, there can't be a copyright violation when no unauthorized copies are made, can it? So what is the exact law being broken? Something that took me a long time to find out about was going into settings and turning on show dead. Surprising what you can find. They're requiring that now . At the time, they froze the account, allowing money in but no withdrawals. The idea is that the government should be using due process instead of applying unofficial pressure, and better behavior for the businesses would be to insist on that. You don't need to scale up to solve a problem of slow active connections. You just need to use a frontend web server that doesn't allocate a thread/process per connection. Sure, a bit of state, but if you have a server designed to maximize connections you can handle orders of magnitude more than something like apache. Then you reach a point where being able to handle traffic below the absolute network-crushing level isn't very hard to do. Dropbox does keep a cache of recent file versions. So a server-side screwup won't entirely ruin your local files. Still, you're right that more backups are needed to avoid a single failure point. You're not getting very downvoted. And you seem to be missing the point. It's not to compare the value of what's being done; this is clearly nowhere near fighting for rights. It's to compare the damage done to the company. Supplying downloads is an easy-to-supply convenience, and it's a lot simpler to lose a digital file than a physical book. As a minor service comparison I can go to the store and get free adjustments for my glasses forever, but it's still a goods purchase. The sample size has to be large enough for the results to have statistical significance. If something happens in the patient that never happens in comparable cases, and you have piles of information about suitable controls, then you can place a high certainty in the treatment being able to work. You don't have a success rate, but nobody's claiming one. You're not going to get full client crashes without a major bug. Some amount of attack is possible but I've been getting crashes for a couple weeks now and skype should have fixed things. They would? I don't follow. A random number generator only gives you one number at a time. The problem is still 'print X sequence without loops'. No answer has been given here, so there's no meaningful approval to be had. It's not that using a random number generator is a cheat, it's that it is a (pointless?) lateral move rather than a solution. I'd put the odds over 80% that it's just because the VM wasn't fast enough. You then have two options. One is to get a faster machine, the other is to run the VM in slow motion while you save. Obviously the second isn't an option for realtime viewing. To me this seems like a failure of the simplicity of the GPL, but with no easy fix. Apple doesn't want to restrict the program to anyone, they just want to have their distribution process restrictive. If there was a way to proxy the supply of the restriction-free binary and/or source code of the app there wouldn't be a problem. The app submitter or VLC devs or another interested party would step up to host. They want to restrict the syndicated developer. But the program you download is the same open-source app you signed up for. DRM is indeed an issue, but that goes toward the tivoization clause that VLC explicitly did not adopt. Throwing torpig and one of the numbers from the article into a search gets a likely source. http://news.softpedia.com/news/Researchers-Peak-Inside-the-T... Not quite as entertaining, though, without the line "In under 75 summary, thе program wаѕ аblе tο renovate уουr health 40% through dictionary attacks." How do you print multiple terms out of a random number generator without a loop? That's my point. You haven't solved anything, cheat or not. I don't understand the typewriter argument; monospaced fonts put even more space between characters. What's wrong with putting something metal down? It also made it much cheaper and therefore effective. Is speed very important to bullying? You're neglecting the danger caused by starting the raid in an escalated state. Ridiculous analogies aren't helpful. Try something like.. how about standing in front of someone. All day. They can't walk anywhere without pushing past you. Basically harassment and interfering with their day. The damages lie solely in the fact that they aren't able to be productive. Well, that's going into the company to provide you with that in-ground wire. It's in the base cost, not affected by how much data you use, which was the main point. Marginal data is cheap. If I'm google and I block /search I want no company to collect the data. If I'm a site that blocks /dynamic because I want to make sure my stats are accurate, not factoring bots, and I want to keep the load down on slow-generating pages, then I'm perfectly happy with the data being collected. Is it the intent of robots.txt itself to block the clickstream data, or is it just google's intent? More time doesn't mean harder. Wait, they do? I can easily understand thinking it's more harmful, but deadlier ? In what way would someone think it's deadly? Are you just saying the contrast ratio is bad or is there a specific rule of thumb for contrast? The text isn't what I would call 'off-white', it's about a 50% gray. Half of max contrast looks fine on my screen, is it calibrated strangely? How much contrast should there be? And 'sed' is even easier to say than 'perl regex'! 1/30 chance of having the first day off? They have four days too, it should be 4/30 each of the four days, for overall odds of just over half. I ran a quick monte carlo and it said the same thing. When I read someone saying 'many places are fine', that seems to directly imply that most places are not. This isn't a counterargument. Is he actually wrong? He's certainly getting downvoted a lot and I hope it's not just because someone didn't like the wording. And this somehow affects only 12% of searches? Is this a flaw in github? It has this nice compact list of people at the top; there's no way to join it without spamming a comment? Which I would read as server hardware in that instance. Are you talking about the dialog that appears for unsigned drivers , or something I missed? Is that the obvious implication? I've seen pure css used in the context of no images, and I've seen it used in the context of no javascript. Both seem reasonable. They don't want it, they want people to see it. I think it would be quite an accomplishment. Read that again. The copies are given away. It's a perfectly good analogy, and if you want to get really picky it's also accurate on a technical level. An ephemeral copy in memory and TCP is made, given away, and lost. Still, you can have your passwords very securely stored in bcrypt AND mail the plain text out when the account is created. If your email isn't secure that should really be dealt with, and separately. It wraps it around to the beginning of the data area past a reserved MFT zone. It doesn't do it per-file unless it's both very clever and dependent on a certain file system. Last time I checked 2.x truly was outdated, with no way to join an in-progress call without the host ringing you again. And linux still has no upgrade option. Not that any of this excuses the UI downgrade from 4 to 5. I would argue that the term 'sleep with ' implies consent. Even without that it's a wording issue of the goal, not a case of satisficing. Flying the 777 probably is. In addition to MAC address use adding no real security it would get in the way of running Dropbox on a flash drive, which works even if not ideally. What speed does it run at after throttling? It's still far superior to overage charges an order of magnitude over the base price. I suppose 'minus' makes things slightly longer, but is there a way to distinguish between R and r without three extra syllables? Both are likely to come up when chmodding. Don't forget that taking enough money from enough people will kill some of them. So you can decide purely on deaths caused without caring about money amounts, but your numbers will be less accurate. You don't even need a web server to throw a 301 at everything that comes by saying "GET / HTTP/1.1". The clients hold copies of old revisions for three days. That's a healthy margin to find the corruption in case of the dropbox servers failing terribly. The SSD I got from NewEgg had an extended warranty offer. The only time I've ever accepted one. http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16820227... It seems pretty simple to me. The AP owner is acting as a small ISP and should have all relevant protections. Right. They have to take action upon receipt of a notice. And they're not liable for what happens before being notified. The sheer mass of games that depend on steam and the number of companies involved do a lot to ensure that people will act to keep it up far more so than single-game servers. Why is poking holes automatically negative? The linux client is missing a critical feature for me: joining an in-progress audio call. One call I'm in is almost always running, and the host is often not there to add me. I end up running windows skype in a VM when I'm on linux. Which is fine as long as you never go offline or reboot. US and Canada calling became free? As far as I know that only happened for part of 2006. In addition to calling 1-800 numbers being free. Am I missing something? It looks to me like it's making a 'stop', with the hand held up and flat. You can defeat the variable interval by simply checking rarely enough that there is always new mail. Almost no-one is truly addicted to email. The problem is the people that are moderately 'addicted', and they can certainly wait a few hours a couple times to kill the unpredictable reward system. I would imagine that the currently displayed image is rather lax in focus, and that you can't get a great focus unless you can sweep over a range, too far to too short. But there is such a thing as 'too many pixels per mm'. Also, two people can have the same file but only one permission. Well, yes, that's the point of the deduplication. If you already have the same exact file, in its entirety, you can check if it's in the system or not. I wouldn't call it a vulnerability. The only way it could be abused would be tricking someone with the file into calculating very specific hashes and giving them to you. Not really. Let's use for example a 256 bit hash and a 1KB file. That means you have about 2 ^ (1024 * 8 - 256) collisions that are the exact right size. Close enough to infinite for any file that's at least a hundred bytes. The more pressing concern is how hard it is to fake a particular hash. Alternatively they could make the web client only semi-secure in that the server has access to your files until you log out. It's not going to happen unless an attack is discovered on the hash algorithm, and even they they'll need to know the hash of your file. And it's still not going to replace the version you have on your computer; only fresh downloads from dropbox will be wrong. I don't buy that argument. We have about 2^70 bytes in the entire world. To collide accidentally you're going to need to approach 2^128 items in dropbox. That's not 'inevitable'. One of the goals of a good hash is a uniform distribution. The source files don't have to be random at all. I wouldn't put any money on the odds of by accident hitting a systematic flaw that security researchers haven't yet found in analyzing the hash. That said, I think it will be possible to deliberately create a collision in SHA256 at some point in the future. It's perfectly logical to use those functions when comparing them as booleans. But it's confusing that they're being used as booleans at all. They're converted because it will let the types match even though the conversion doesn't make much sense. I don't know. The conversation at the start doesn't have enough context to mean anything by itself, and then the first full paragraph is enough to show that it's fiction. The illusion doesn't last long enough to be useful; all I got out of it was wasteful confusion on the first 30 seconds.. Hardware is about particular values, not the equations. Software tends to be more about a transformational equation, but not in all aspects. You don't need an ACK for every incoming packet. But even if you send that many you're looking at 40-64 bytes out per 1400+ bytes in. Only if it contributes. All you need to do is throw 'why kindle' into a search engine. Or look for a bit into what it is ; the main feature is the e-ink screen, and that is not by coincidence. What do you mean? Ebooks don't get consumed , they don't degrade . And how you sell it is quite obvious. Like you said, the new person possesses it and you no longer possess it . Give them the file and delete any temporary copies you may have. Have you ever sold a CD? Do you rip your CDs? This problem isn't unique to nonphysical goods. Medicaid doesn't cover you unless you are disabled or have children. It's not a very good safety net. The problem is that you said they would execute 'ALL' code, which is not only terribly misleading but technically incorrect. It's a false statement that has no place in a proper discussion. Also I think it's unreasonable to expect a browser without javascript to be significantly safer. Look at all the code-execution exploits in image decoders. Isn't the point of this to start correctly using the minor version numbers again, to get back to a good versioning system? And since it's a different scheme it makes a lot of sense to increment the major version to separate it. While that is an useful idea, I don't see how it applies to something as large as a molecule. Something that size does not coalesce, does not overlap. You can bombard it with light and track its progress indefinitely. It won't have the 'same' electrons at the end of the day but those are no more than the sails on our ship of Theseus. Utility costs going above the block-finding reward doesn't just happen in the flooding scenario, it also happens naturally as we approach 21M. It's already (supposed to be) handled by transaction fees. I don't think you're ever going to see most of the network shut down mining. It was definitely in one of the beta versions. But I thought they removed it after that. I think you misunderstood me. I'll reword. There is more than one scenario where the reward from finding a block is less than the utility cost. This is in fact already guaranteed to happen as block-finding rewards decrease. It's nothing new to bitcoin, and is already expected to be dealt with. So they haven't figured out the price for the firmware-crippled version? I wonder how well the versions will be enforced. How are defects related to entropy? I don't follow. What matters is not being employed to do research when he discovered it. Not what happens later. Backups have a latency that a recycle bin doesn't. When I made something two hours ago this is the worst time to unlink it. There's quite a difference between the majority of traffic and the majority of users. Why does it being different matter? Compilers can do all kinds of things that change answers. When they pretend to be a person and not just a commentor, yes. Have another xkcd http://xkcd.com/632/ Obviously they can't do whatever they want but they can decide if they want to store variables in registers or main memory, they can change the order of a variety of operations, etc. Does C specify order of evaluation with multiplication? If so I wasn't aware of that. But you'll still have some compilers giving you 32 bit precision on intermediate results and some giving you 80 bits. 1. Are you saying that multiplications have a specified order? I asked that but didn't get a response. 2. The compiler is allowed to either leave the float inside the FPU or store it back to main memory after each operation, is it not? These give different results. Somewhere around here I have a chart of the differences in floating point outputs of different GCC versions. And no, fastmath is not on. ...freenet is a distributed anonymous data store. = List your public files to others But it doesn't say public files. They ask for that privilege for all files and then leave it to vaguely worded clarification in the privacy policy. The lede is rather disappointing on this. These lawsuits are for services being breached, not being the author of code that gets breached. Google's precision has been going downhill. Even adding + isn't enough anymore. Try searching for the phrase "everything wrong" in quotes. Google will insist on including "everything's wrong" no matter how many + symbols you sprinkle around. If you exacerbate the problem with [["everything wrong" crossfade]] you get 36 thousand results to bing's accurate 64. Can you elaborate on that? I can't find any point or contribution made by that post if it wasn't an actual question. Well yes, I understand that it was sarcasm. But while looking at it as sarcasm I don't see any point actually being made. The way an infinitely unlikely but theoretically possible event is described is in fact 'probability 0'. Sure, in a specific finite range the chance is a specific positive number, but the overall chance is 0. I think you're being overly picky about wording. Intellect creates intellect ual artifacts, just as a mason puts down mason ry . If such an intellectual artifact happens to be property then it is intellectual property. I don't follow the logic in the examples at all. First, we have a comparison between the assertive McKinnell and the respectful Katen. But there is no mention of 'fairness' to be found. Then we have a study of students that found that ruder people seemed to be more powerful, but I can't figure out how that relates at all to wanting to give more power to less fair people. I'm not going so far as to say the conclusion is wrong, just that this particular article seems to provide no evidence for it. Salts only protect against rainbow tables. If you want to stop brute forcing you need a very slow hash like bcrypt. And you'll still be able to brute force "cat" in under a day. I can tell you that that's the specific device's fault. My phone's capacitive screen works wet or with nitrile gloves. User-Agent: modifying based on this is a Bad Thing Referer, If-Unmodified-Since: these only decide if you respond or don't or error, they don't generally change a successful transfer Accept-Language: I was under the impression that this was buggy and not well-supported, but it is a good example in theory What? If it's the same scenario then the CSR does not and never did have the password, they just have domain control panels. The whole point is that they can't do that. Can you explain why you would leave over that? As long as you are aware of it and use a unique password how does it impact you? They would have to have a very specific and unnoticed breach that gets database and key. Is it worry that they are lax in security elsewhere? Oh. Well why would you ask freejack in particular about that? That's not how their security is set up. But incandescents flicker too, even if they don't dim all the way. Google says that modern CFLs should all have electronic ballasts that first rectify the current and then run at over 10kHz. Maybe you've only experienced cheap ones with shoddy ballast? He's talking about consulting. I would sure hope the person paying him for advice wants his advice. And the idea here is that it's preferable to get a job with someone who will listen to that advice they paid for to reach a reasonable conclusion, which seems like a perfectly good plan to me. It doesn't seem any more negative than 'zealot' to me. Oh yes, some will want a certain type of advice but they still want the consultant to tell them that. But it seems to me that the idea here is that if the best you can do is wait for a chance to do damage control then you should try somewhere else. I can easily see myself bothering with a few seconds of technical effort to get to a sub-par page. That page has the specific thing I happen to want to look at, but that itself doesn't mean it's very good. If quality was all that mattered people would only visit one site, the best one. Very true, but what it this law only applied to very openly sold works? Let's say for sake of argument only ones that had sold a million copies. Once it's put there it's out there and it's really a shame when thrice-transferred IP from a defunct company can't be bought any more. It's as much of a right as telephone access is. In this sort of utility situation they shouldn't be able to cut off a paying customer. The problem isn't comcast's policies themselves, it's the monopoly situation. And that seems like an FCC situation to me. Letting the neighbors know and a sign or two is probably plenty for that. Once you meet the requirement anything extra isn't contributing. What the heck are you ranting about? You got downvoted for making a joke that wasn't very contributive. While the article says that deciding if a crossover cable is needed is still a problem today, in my experience devices figure out what cable they have attached and just work. Anti-cheating lectures aren't similar. The thing that caused problems here was a mass of effort spent going against specific students. Was that also the case with your professors? I think you misread what the problem was. Technically yes but if I'm reading it right that's only because in an outdated chart they hadn't been assigned yet. Unless there's a pattern of disallowing symbols but I'd have to question the motivation behind that. Edit: Nevermind, the rules used to create the chart are designed to disallow symbols. It gives an explanation of the rule but not the reason it was set. These rules identify characters commonly used in mnemonics and often informally described as "language characters". In general, only code points assigned to this category are suitable for use in IDN. It's fine to get excited about strongly relativistic arguments but I don't think they have a place in talking about events at distant celestial objects. The amount of distortion you can have between distances and times is bounded by the amount you let your reference frames differ. Between stars there is not all that much velocity, so time is a relatively stable concept. Sure it'll wander a few percent but nothing nearly as drastic as having no sense of 'now'. Don't forget that when you bring relativistic speeds into the mix you can't agree on distances either . Are you prepared to argue that it's actually one billion light years away? Sure you can. Pick a vector. Any vector. You can create an observer moving at this velocity and it'll give you a different idea of simultaneous from an omniobserver at a different vector. Oh, and before you ask, no there is no 'unmoving' vector. They're all relative to each other with no reference frame. But that sort of problem only comes up when you accelerate. If you maintain a frame of reference then you can handle things far more gracefully. A shared reference frame over two points billions of light years apart can be established. You simply keep the distance between these points roughly constant, which holds the velocity of all points roughly constant, which keeps calculations of simultaneity roughly constant across the whole region. I can then state that in the combined earth/reservoir plusorminus .01c reference frame that the water is already gone. And this is factually true. You still have to wait for information to propagate but everything works out. The timing has no disputes between any members subscribing to this reference frame. Relativity doesn't cause major problems until you deal with matter moving at high relative speeds. P.S. I'm deliberately ignoring the expansion of space in this argument. If these nodes aren't shared between users then you're not really getting anything more than minor obfuscation. If they are shared then you in fact have a third party cloudbank that hopefully is trustworthy and the money cloud aspect is a distraction that doesn't provide any benefits. Are you sure that makes it one-way? Can't you apply the same mapping in reverse to extract received data? In my experience doing anything with constant data flow when you have bad reception can turn battery into heat amazingly quickly. Otherwise it works just fine. I do wish having an idle skype didn't send packets constantly, though. I would find the exact opposite faster. Looking at something I'm used to looking at is easy, and it'll help muscle memory to be persistent. I don't have to decide I want to change, then wait while my hand triggers the popup, then parse the shapes. That's not to say that the popup isn't a good idea, but the only benefit I see is I screen space. It was a side note and not part of the argument. Right, as long as you store it in a format that you choose for compatibility then text will be fine on that front. Even if you don't have a proper ODF reader it's still a zip archive with text files inside. And UTF-8 is easy to decode. The problem as I see it is defending from two possible problems at the same time: having the media fail, and being hacked. Some kind of internet-based storage is great for the former, lousy for the latter. But with a bit of effort you can combine online distributed storage with a closet or two full of hard drives and tapes. I'm not convinced they were intentionally misleading. I was never 'lied' to; I understood what their system delivered. The point is for the cheater to not ask for the name . Even simpler than an overlay, if you figure out how cheater detection works, is to filter the outgoing name request packet. Edit, looking at your other post: Can't the packet editor that's marking people visible send a fake name to the client? I'd change your analogy to make the label 'free rides', as the intent of this was to get a cheap disposable cup of coffee. And rather than selling the car the guy drains most of the gas out of the tank and takes it. So yes, it's an experiment but the guy was violating the stated rules. What makes you consider minecraft pocket edition to be a different game? It looks to me like a straightforward port of the same graphics and mechanics, but I admit I haven't seen any gameplay videos yet. I don't feel particularly entitled to it but it certainly seems like a version of minecraft. In some contexts "version" only applies to release numbers like that, but this is a more general sense of the word. It explicitly includes add-ons and expansions. I think it's reasonable to expect it to apply to everything minecraft, though I personally accept it if their wording was a mistake and only intended to apply to the pc version(s). The article dismisses setting an exception in the same line it's mentioned but it seems to me like a good option. As long as it's a python function then any incidental c calls will quickly return and let it abort, right? The difficulty of stopping a c function is a whole different ballgame. But the point of these calculations is to say what resolution the thing you're looking at needs to have. Which, unless it physically tracks the eyeball somehow, needs to be as crisp as the center of vision throughout. I was baffled by the site for a moment giving me a blank page. Apparently css sets the opacity of the main area to 0 and javascript has to come in to override it. Someone before proposed a deduplication scheme where the hash of a file is used as an encryption key. (and an encrypted database of keys is accessible by the user only) It's not no-knowledge in terms of what files are the same, of course, but it keeps the actual contents safe from prying. If you want to limit to one then ? is simpler. Doesn't that version limit to 1+0-1 -> 1-2 though? But why bother with a complex anchored regex when you can just search for "," in the range header. I tried ZFS dedup but there was something like a 20x slowdown to write files compared to ZFS without dedup, and this was on under ten gigabytes of files. I don't know if I somehow had the cache settings wrong or what the problem was, but I didn't manage to fix it, even trying both FUSE and kernel versions. (On ubuntu 11.4)