Here's to $10T by 2023 I think it matters more to be independent. And getting people's attention without truckloads of money is hard nowadays This doesn't really need to be debated. It's weird that there are no large-scale anti-aging projects going on in the world. The US has e.g. the BRAIN initiative, and EU runs the HBP (both with little revolutionary output) , but a large scale Longevity initiative has not been created. There is nothing "Dynamic" about a website like imgur.com or twitter.com or reddit.com. They are megabytes of javascript heavy and are things you check every once in a while, not things that change before your eyes. I find twitter's 'new tweets' popups annoying and in any case i refresh the page because it s already too heavy from too much infinite-scrolling Just think of the terrabytes of wasted bandwidth, there s like 60 spaces in those strings Common experiences and struggles make friends. Like in the army. This is true at any age,but more pronouned right after university because there is a huge slump in the friendmaking potential. We need more shared experiences. How can we help? just finished struggling with my bank's redesign, because apparently transations needs to be infinitely scrolled in chunks of 5 Heat Relatively small potatoes > that allow the rich to prevent themselves from being taxed by their home countries That is a big list of entire countries if you include legal persons in the definition What do we know about winner take all phenomena from biology? How do they work in a petri dish? I laugh when these "brave new age" practices find their way to academia, where they actively interfere with every step of the intentionally perpetually-unfinished, half-assed, single-use software that they make. But why are s/w developers worried? As long as tons of advertising money find their way into glorified blogs, they will get paid, no matter how much complexity they invent to justify their workload. and why is low budget bad any term taken from the 50% of diversity can fill that blank. i think they are referring to the cancellous but ostensibly tolerant culture yes that s a good example. "being proud to be black" is diverse, being proud to be white is not. There is definitely a level of doublespeak here, although i'm not sure if teens are really annoyed by it How is spotify going to avoid becoming another amazin? Not a surprise, but > A lot of people jump into the tenure track from outside of the tenure track, from industry for instance That would be surprising if significant likely. they do have extensive underwear and sex toy collections and their prices are very low compared to shops in europe that sell the same stuff way overpriced Well from the structure of our brain of course I 'm not sure why people call it burnout. People adapt and get bored, learning new languages is exciting the first 3 times, a horrible chore at 11. Any intellectually demanding job will lead to mental fatigue, but it s not like people are burnt, we do our best when we do exciting stuff. Many youtubers use youtube to reach out to friends or make friends. For younger generations using the media as antidote to loneliness is more common. Unfortunately all the media rot after a sweet period What is there left to do? none of us can know that Right now people are living a honeymoon moment for remote work , because it's not just remote, it's asyncrhonous. But as management is coming to terms with the reality of permanent remote, they will start using virtual tools that allow them to have a synchronous overview of what is happening. Something like working in second life or whatever zuck's Sims will look like. That shift to synchronous is going to make remote slighty more unpleasant (but still preferable) Young people are much more lonely and isolated. Partly demographic decline, partly culture. They have a longing for connection as always though, and they find it online Memetism, apes like apeing each other, it's why we have classes of all kinds Lol. The only links in the article are reddit, discord and ... Paul graham's tweets. So much for discovering new things What if he was a virtual teacher or 'life coach' 'risk perception' sounds like another name for fear. Maybe we ve proven to be good at preventing the wrong things. People expected a climate disaster but it was a pandemic instead Luck is something that can be improved > when crypto doesn’t have the protections of regular banking and investments Coinbase is not 'crypto' though. Nobody's coins go down if one exchange crashes, unless they are careless enough to leave them there. The real problem is that cryptocoins are hard to use , and so exchanges are used as banks (they shoudn't) . But that is something that tech can fix I 'd like to see airbnb move to long-term rentals. isn't that true for basically any website these days? spinner gifs are the trademark of this decade The four horsemen strike again. I think i 'll let this one pass. People should be inconvenienced enough to learn to use uncensorable platforms. my north faces have lasted more than decade and are easier to clean. other than that i do not understand anything from this video tl;dr: wordpress went from 41.2% to 42.9% in a year - undeniably shrinking i dont know if it means anything - the tech didnt go away what happened was tech was wildly profitable and became overvalued. tons of capital is invested in US tech stocks thats why compensations are through the roof. but the stock inflation did not reflect technological progress, but rather too much capital, both printed us dollars and foreign capital (europe has no tech sector worth investing in sadly). Companies seemed to care more about making bank from an IPO than making actual money. That is going to change now, and we ll have to see some actual moneymaking tech. It's also been at least 10 years now that HN is all about bloated frameworks that make tech dumb-proof but not more capable. i hope this will end now as well I don't know why i think it is a good thing that these ambivalent coins are being extinguished? It is catharsis to realize that bitcoin cannot be compatible and coexist with legacy fiat systems i m not talking about bitcoin but about "stablecoins". I think this whole shakeup is good for bitcoin Does twitter have a community? My use case for it is that of an RSS reader. I thought reddit was for community I will expect more people to mock this decade of extreme marketingspeak that was funded with fake money and fat investor pockets. The people doing the mocking will lead the next wave of tech growth No. A bunch of ultra-rich VCs were bored of having too much money and pumped up a crazy web3 thing. This was their "Squid Game" moment where they create the games and put millions of clueless kids to run like rats around their pyramid schemes. I somehow wish the VCs would lose their money instead of millions of kids. this came off as sincere, so congrats. Most of the things that offer us value are not paid for that. Most of the internet runs on PHP as a bootstrap user i agree yes, central limit theorem you dont only lose the ability to listen to something when your earbuds are dead , you also lose FM radio It's like mediterranean with skyscrapers 69 degrees? This is more sane than if it went through. If he really wants a microblog he can build it for $1b or buy substack. I guess we'll find out more at 6/9 bots are not fake, they can be useful accounts. I have one that still works, another kept being taken down so i stopped reinstating it. To say that twitter is ran by schoolchildren would be understatement As always, when things crash it's the best time to read the comments apple and google own all the phones in the universe i wonder if they have seen cities built with a plan I don't know, i want the web to be steered back to basics. The whole SPA thing should not exist, HTML is documents. Instead, native platforms should provide each of the widgets and UIs that the SPAs download in each and every page load. There's already a lot of tags for things like date and such. We should have more native support for all kinds of interactions in touchscreens too. After all they are not that many - after so many years only few kinds of touchscreen interactions have survived Then CSS needs to be trimmed down to basics too. Why is grid layout implemented in CSS instead of a tag, it doesnt make sense and is very hard to read. Then there's the browser, which has remained fairly consistent and provides lots of functionality for navigation that is generally OK and well understood by people. SPAs destroy that by building another virtual machine layer on top of it (my pet peeve is ?force_cold_boot=1) And then, why is WebRTC so complicated ? do we need to support all those codecs and nat traversal rules forever? Video communication should be as simple as adding a tag HTML should be readable by common people, they should be able to easily experiment with it, that's how the fun begins again I know mine has Would be too expensive Haha. Everything else proved to be a bigger disaster I don't think the reasons were good There s no use to fret about it. I think nature is telling us that IQ (or intelligence) is not needed. sorry folks you ve been optimizing the wrong thing Is there a method to dumb yourself down? asking for my smart friends wars were traded for "fragility". Antifragile empires make great wars, and i m not sure humanity wants to go back to that era. And why would conscripts try harder in 1975? What difference did it make? Another suggestion is that it has to do with the fact that this test is taken at a specific age. My very scientific hunch is that in the past few generations, adolescence was extended by decades, and the real problems in life started way later, while in 1975 people still married young EQ is definitely up. It got us twitter regression of the mean We all need to contribute to save Google from the dangers of nonrecord profits the short links from microsoft onedrive look shady to some people. To be fair https://1drv.ms/u/s!Acj5445VA?e=0QWl does look suspicious I think it's because of an ill-perception about what online forums are. They are not meant to be like real life, they are places for debate. When people debate they take stances that don't necessarily match their beliefs, and that's normal. Every online conversation is derailed because people let their emotions take over instead of remaining detached and treating it as a game. And while people can disagree impolitely, once they stand up from the table they are not going to kill each other. but it is almost lowercase logo, sans-serif, flat, how can it have failed? Nice try Elon, afaik twitter did disclose that they might be undercounting spam at 5% it s very hard to say anything about bots without IP addresses. The most active bots get sold / change subject etc. well if his science is SEO he seems to be good at it Revenue != Value It makes sense. The bots are just loud and tend to all follow the most famous people, so their numbers look larger when people look there I have a hunch a lot of people are not upgrading because there are no new phones under 6 inch now. i m stuck with S10 too (+ it has headphone jack) Disable animations and it s not really slow. Binance has ~10 times the trading volume with the same number of employees Very misleading. Cover their moustaches and you see the diffences. The pics are not even color. Nicolas was goodlooking It's kind of weird that Ian Goodfellow is "the Apple Executive Who Left Over Return-to-Office Policy" except he is too far from a typical "worker" Pity i see a lot of const $ = document.querySelector.bind(document); The more Jq goes out of fashion, the better it becomes, because it means it stops changing and you can rely on it for decades. The other framework that looks interesting is htmx He could be an entire orchestra not just a band yes He had an album based on Greek folk music (Odes, 1979). This is a cretan dance: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hc9_qVAflzk Yes what remarkable, 'organic' sound. Also 'l'apocalypse des animaux' and his other early albums really. Despite being old synths, they still sound classic which one was it? It has to do more with being over 40. People respect age when there is a solid track record. I don't understand the anxiety about becoming complacent. Your age is the most frequent age at which people spin out their own startups It's not like you can't swim when naked I think the new trend should be #asynchronous work so everyone can fit work in their lifestyle in the optimal way > to eastern asian cultures and indian subcontinent where multi-generational families mean you're never really alone. It's high birth rates that create such culture. Europe and US are not comparable , and over time people will get lonelier and lonelier unless they decide to adjust their way of life around this issue and stop living with 20th century standards. Cities should be designed with the single-person in mind now, not the family > I have had the sense that my “real life,” the place where I belong and where there is no loneliness, is somewhere else out there in the world, although I can’t name or find it I found that virtual worlds like Second Life have a lot of old people. Those have been there for decades and their virtual friends are probably their most stable connection over time. Same goes for younger people who move around a lot and change friendships, loneliness leads them to seek virtual friends. I think that's why Zuck is interested in metaverse: Europe and Japan are already old, US, CA, China and the rich world will become old soon enough. Technology can provide a lot to people who can no longer travel etc. The market would if it wasn't so restricted And not all 20 y o are models. People with little romantic experience tend to fit better with younger women because women of the same age generally have more romantic experience For younger people loneliness is much harder. Having a partner/social creds is a social signal, and being lonely is seen as a negative signal. These are both self-reinforcing loops. In the case of lonely people, it often leads to permanent learned helplessness or rationalization of loneliness as a natural condition This is not going to change as long as loneliness is not talked about, and lonely people live in the closet. That s super annoying btw . Frankly video is best browsed like a traditional multi page listing, like how porn sites do it i dont get why they are difficult on mobile? inf scrolling is worse. Especially on android which has a back button everywhere. I think ppl should be more mindful of the megabytes of javascript that people have to download just to see a list of images yep. bitcoin has been, from the start, about replacing the whole fiat financial system, not interfacing with it, depending on it, and being regulated. what is the yield of solarwind in germany though? looking at their energy stats , it is underutilized https://energy-charts.info/charts/power/chart.htm?l=en&c=DE&... https://www.energy-charts.info/charts/installed_power/chart.... https://sminpowergroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Renewa... and what happens to that massive coal+gas infrastructure?Apparently , wind+solar don't work at night and you will always need the same level of coal+gas+oil when you go to some page and it downloads 10MB of javascript for starters, proceeds to show you spinning wheels for 9 seconds (sometimes with original messages such as " time to take the world"), then when it loads it jumps around for 12 seconds while the images are absolutely destroying the layout of the page, then it beeps some chat asks you if you would like help, but the only help you need is to dismiss so many popups ? ... that one. 1. They need 2-3x renewable capacity to charge 2. You need to buy the batteries What s the implication, that those who don't own are not free? When Everything is Grey but Nothing is Getting Read Love streetview through a VR headset. So many empty museums to see, so many places to visit around the world, except Germany They can make more profit if they don't need to pay artists This kind of business is like airbnb for entrepreneurs. Accounting is a big hassle for small devs > they enable illicit activity by making money transactions less transparent Given how the most heinous economic crimes of this century were done in official ceremony in broad daylight , maybe there is value to it. Academics are known in general for their controlling nature I mean, the public democratic decisions about finance may be catastrophic. People should have a recourse from the mismanagement of central governments. That's what other currencies do . I don't see why we should not have that optionality it does Dunno. But i think JS has actively harmed software development in the past 10 years. It's a bad language, designed and patched hastily that does not work well with humans nor machines. It took 10 years to allow having some form of synchronicity with promises, and that's just disguised callback hell. Callback depth is an inherent human limitation, because our working memory is very limited , so I consider JS a language that s unfit for humans and unfit for big projects. Silicon valley adopted JS probably because of ease of access to cheap developers. Pity there is not a serious competitor from another Valley because i think they could beat them with superior performance in just about anything. > This is particularly the case in rural locations and developing nations. Also in a conference / the train / the beach / driving / any crowded place / in space So they made a full circle ... back to taxis? But then Uber wouldn't be a Tech Company, they would be another lowly profitable company. 15. You milk all your signs from twitter He's right, but a bit late to the party I disagree. The internet is its own culture and it is absolutist. It has perpetuated a lot of falsehoods like, e.g. that popularity equates with truth and that damages people. It is not possible to pay for counterculture because cash has been replaced by the visa-paypal-apple-google cartel. The internet needs to meet its counterculture Taken over? That was their whole business from the start. > The UX redesign was hugely successful in attracting new users Is there evidence for that? But privacy regulation practically gave them their monopolies Having experienced similar, individualism is superior, it allows the person to develop to their fullest extent. There is a lot of infantilism that comes with a traditional way of life. They optimize for different things . Individualism: human progress and breaking the boundaries. Traditionalism: extending the family population I 'm hoping that one day it will become interesting again Also because it's like reddit but with older people. I don't understand why internet radio has died. Sure, spotify etc but broadcast music is different. Radio didn't die because CDs existed damn. i hope arcaeologists can use that to decipher old scripts it's enough to buy 1 album per month. of course it s not the same, but i don't like to listen to every cd ever. The rare times i really wanted to hear something i could pirate it. I still enjoy radio streams for the low mental overhead though, plus u get the news too nothing else actively promotes and engages with minorities as the academia does. If these people can't make it in that environment, i doubt they can make it in open competition. On of the 'good' things of academia being turned to a paperpushing administration exercise is that it's easy (albeit boring) to do that kind of job at any level. Some of these things can be done by anyone yet academia gatekeeps the academic creds for itself. E.g. anyone can do machine learning research, but you can't publish in a journal without being affiliated to a university yeah machine learning was not the best example because it does not depend on journal prestige, but pretty much everything else is the publication venue matters very much in most fields. it is rare exception when something is published elsewhere. the bulk of papers need to make it to goodish journals to be ever seen and considered when deciding about funding. Open access misses the target because it only replaces the publishing part, not the prestige part. Most academic code is crap so there is that. the coworkers will be very bad programmers, difficult to advance (you should always work with people better than you). Computational papers are not often appreciated. Too much talk and too many pivots , too little code, at least too little pleasant code-writing. Unless you have a lot of ego, you will be ignored. I am sure a lot of academic code would be written by the open source community, but alas , researchers are very stingy giving out their data To be fair, Remote Work is a direct competitor of Tesla > and not just be some faceless void that sends orders from email. No, even that, logically, does not make sense from an efficiency standpoint (assuming productivity is equal). Besides, if i were a factory worker i'd rather not have the boss over my shoulder She's abandoning the titanic Not necessarily a bad thing. The world is aging and old people have all the money Can't buy things without money though. And it seems studies show that people 50+ spend more do they really use FB? both. Otherwise, was there an overall increase in consumption? Too much marketing fluff around a minor resource optimization > because who wants to be on a marketplace or messaging app that doesn't have the most people? People who care about something, like, here? I think FB was a transitory medium for people who were not on the internet to discover what's out there. Most of them are going to end up in topical communities because the central market is too crazy First Facebook, now Turkey. At least Erdogan can claim that he literally expanded Turkey, and added diacritics That s quite the overreaction Isn't it easier to lay off people remotely? will the stop spending altogether? They ll spend on other things hasnt the pandemic been a much bigger shock than remote work ? Isnt that a permanent risk attached to teslas? which for most people is, the aspiration that they might need scalability The value was transferred to the companies who no longer pay that rent, no? 10k over a long period is very small compared to what one can lose in a casino night, and casinos do exist. What kind of game was your friend working on? Whales do exist but they are not the bulk of the revenue Why is that considered a lot? People pay more for e.g sports memorabilia I think the opposite. Currently there is very little remote work ecosystem, but there is a huge office ecosystem. With remote being now a very real option for so many people, businesses that facilitate remote work will spring up (helping people relocate, coworking, help with foreign workers, payments etc). Traveling hasn't even resumed, and as the pandemic is removed and the war ends, people will have more options to reconsinder where they want to live. Remote is also naturally self-reinforcing because partial-remote degrades the value of offices. is there evidence that any of the whales are kids? i guess there are exceptions , but most kids have a highly regulated budget, adults do not >Technology does not drive anything. It creates new possibilities for collecting and analyzing data, mashing ideas and reaching people, but people still need to be moved to engage and find practical pathways to act. The error is that people believed in one-click politics, because convincing people is a lot of work. The ones who benefit most from social media are autocrats. Take a look at facebooks transparency reports to see who runs bot farms against their own people - it's autocrats. Unfortunately fb gave them the tool of their dreams. Not anymore ... Is there an audio file format with teletext? I think the whole trend started because some vcs thought that their own voices were important and needed to be heard. Looked like a vanity sector overall Journalists do, because it makes their job easier. You can literally be called a journalists because you write long form articles about tweets. Journalists tend to obsess over their own profession and its tools Their keynotes are so corny. Like repainted 80s. And what's the obsession with that small rather bland round building 1. If it can fit in a phone it can more than fit in a laptop 2. Environmentally unfriendly plastic accessories and power consumption 3. The plastic strap will probably cost more than the built-in camera would birds migrate, humans travel to work, self-organization and herd behavior are very prevalent in nature > USB or Lightning This problem Why would they do that? At which point it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy? the phrase 'luxury beliefs' is over- and wrongly- used , but it is useful in the sense that luxuries are one of the first things to dispense during crises. Consciousness is not that mysterious. A model that has a representation of itself with specific constraints, along with a rationalization and explanation engines like transformers will look like a living, feeling thing to us. Biology is being automated by startups that are doing the experiments for you, AWS-style. Looks like software is going to be eating biology as well See that is a business opportunity. Soon you will see "Office simulators" opening up in your neighborhood, where you can enjoy a crowded crammed office with endless meetings and chatty employees over your shoulder. Special events such as life coaching, terrorist attacks, christmas parties, and random drama will make it an unforgettable experience for $20/day I wish the sector wasn't all about money and tried to solve real problems. Making a car for disabled people that is not autonomous but requires minimal intervention would make a lot of people Happy. Instead we make fail videos for YouTube what about go outside? A JS framework, not a web framework I understand the reservations about how to find a suitable source of charging, but consider that these vehicles may be charged by lightnings Workforce size correlates with price of Bitcoin Coinbase operates under the protectionist policy of the US and still only has 1/10th of the volume that Binance has (with the same amount of employees). I never got what the fuss is about Coinbase compared to all exchanges, except for the "silicon valley bro" angle When the screen is narrow, the designer chose to just hide the date of the video. It's a major inconvenience Academia is a despotic, anachronistic system. There needs to be a movement to break education and research out of academic institutions. There are enough online resources to provide free education to anyone who wishes it, and nobody should have to pay for a degree (instead; students should be paid; it's in the interest of society). Funding and licensing of science needs to open up to anyone who desires it, in order to become productive again. The current system is optimized to create busybodies who oversell their work for a few years before dumping it and moving on to their next scam. Postdocs are victims of their own delusion that working in academia is somehow superior to working in any other way. It's simpler than that, it is all about incentives. Science can happen even in the trenches of war, or by random employees in a patent office. Engineering needs resources and conerted efford. But when the incentives have nothing to do with science itself but rather with the struggle to keep all the PhD people employed, you end up with paper-mills and grant-harvester PIs. There s also a degeneration of the science culture due to so much self-promotion. Whatever happened to humility? Engineering projects like Apollo or Manhattan succeded by taking the theory invented by a few madmen and making the entire effort to the end product. Instead we now have projects like the Human brain project (EU) and the Brain initiative that don't seem to have a defined goal, and no clear incentives. The HBP used to be about building an artificial brain, as ambitious as it sounds. Instead, petty politics and meddling led to the project becoming a project salad with very little to show. AFAIK the Brain initiative has not done better. The article itself is another example of weak incentives. We don't need to invent another field called "progress studies" in order to make progress. That's only making the problem worse. Also apotropaic. My fav is a fascinus cumming on the evil eye from Leptis magna you were not distracting yourself in HN. Thiel was an early believer that democracy is incompatible with freedom. And popular social media proved it even more right by making people believe that what's popular is truth, and then manipulating what s popular. It was a mistake from the start to believe in it. I hope he gets back on his libertarian roots and quits changing the world through democracy. They don't exist. Education has to go virtual consciousness is the worst idea ever. a confused word, that nobody wants to define so they can play games foraver. Ban the word consciousness from philosophy if you want progress I m really glad they are trying. The Quest2 is the most innovative product in tech in a looong time and FB isn't even a hardware company. Beating Apple to it is a big feat. But VR is not going to be a wide success, it will be a really nice 360 image viewer for when those cameras become popular and cheap. It has its place , but it is obstructive. And it cannot become a status symbol, which imho is a big driver behind iphone sales I use it very often to view google streetview. Static images don't cause nausea. I think i ve already gotten enough return for my investment and they keep shipping new updates all the time (last one was quite buggy). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJg02ivYzSs I think all students should be paid, it s entirety logical. It would massively rearrange education, from school to university This question has been addressed more than decade ago by people like Harel Shouval and Nelson Spruston. Notice the resulting form of STDP which is not quite what is seen in experiments (Whether STDP is a fundamental plasticity rule, or if it even happens in vivo is another question that has been debated). There are a lot of plasticity models proposed, this is another one. Good, but we actually need more experimental data in order to tame the beast. This is old, does not include Biogen's drug. The evidence is inconclusive not negative. That trial was halted but later restarted. There is some evidence that it works, and this is better than any other potential treatment which has not shown any evidence. And alzheimers is a fatal disease Why do people want to read faster? You can also write tersely. Or not overload yourself with useless information The VR metaverse is not going to take off, although their devices are nice. Strapping a blindfold on face is not very tolerable, and it's not a device that makes you look cool to your friends. But zuck is right that people (Especially genZ) will use gaming and virtual worlds for their social life. Real life is too busy , disconnected and probably economically much harder than before. The virtual one is better, richer and permanent. My guess is he believes that the world is ready for Second life to go mainstream, and he's building the "whole world" version of it. I have to say he s off-track currently, too much focus on VR. Their avatars really suck. But they'll get there eventually When things like these happen, a rehash of ancient internet idea presented as new again, makes me feel very sad, like the internet is old and dying or sth. I understand it's all about UX etc now , but i wish twitter's competitors did not just copy but instead tried to make their audience a little bit smarter. If the UX is not dumb-proof, you might not get hordes of users, but at least the ones who are there will have a bit of brains. I think HN auto-removes "how" from titles who is going to attack america, the Ocean? Programmers are fine when their creations, pretty much all of tech, resells content that other people wrote for free, but no, not code, that one must be expensive i m very happy for you but this is about abortion, a right that every civilized person should enjoy. i m not even american but this is bad I can only laugh at the absurdity of the situation. Cryptocurrency was invented specifically to liberate people from the allseeing eyes of governments. The long tail is always temporary - a cambrian explosion followed by a bottleneck that picks the winners, and the next cycle begins So more discrimination in favor of seasoned employees to come Participants in the study were on average 75 years old. A lot of armchair scientists in the comments. It's quite striking effect but why is it published on IOS press? Looks like there might be more worth exploring in that dataset. What are the ways in which their result could be an artifact? > At that point it must have been normal to react to these 'issues' with this much aggression. Not really, all empires were multicultural, e.g. russia, but while the Bolsheviks went to war, they did not genocide them. The modern state of turkey otoh is the result of 3-5 genocides, not one. Britain did not go on to genocide indians because it wanted their land you are right it s the worst example. Imagine if the british, french, spanish, portuguese went on genocides in order to keep their colonies, and we justified that 100 years later because "it's what they did at the time". The whole point of the nationalist movement was emancipation and the creation of new countries for former empire populations. I m sure some hacker has them Easily replaceable I use a simple reception chair. Its comfortable for a bit, then my butt hurts. I have to stand up. The trick is to be able to switch easily from sit to stand, so you never think twice about it. I don't think it's funny, it's sad, and i think it s fueled by overvalued tech sector that no longer seeks to innovate but is stuck rearranging the chairs. I can offer the major redesigns of pretty much any online service lately as an example of making an app at times worse than it was before, just for the sake of change. As a (bad) side-effect, people have stopped creating amateur websites, because it's hard. HTML was easy and fun, and everyone wanted to create their own geocities monstrosity. I'm looking at modern web constructs like WebXR with disbelief: How is it an hypertext standard if it doesnt even involve html tags (it's just a rehash of openGL , but in JS??). Why dont we make it easy for people to make quirky stuff anymore? you can't because everything you might want to embed/add now asks you to either use npm or something of the sort. I can't even find ways to 'just' download JS in libraries lately. In my example, suppose you wanted to add a 3d panorama with a-frame (easiest way), here is the installation: https://aframe.io/docs/1.3.0/introduction/installation.html I just look at the installation instructions https://gohugo.io/getting-started/quick-start/ easier than HTML, that a lot of people learned in school and with which people interact daily? no