I would prefer a method that satisfies the Condorcet criterion (that a candidate who would win in a two way election against any other candidate wins, if such a candidate exists). Approval voting does tend to approximate this, if accurate polling data exists and voters are aware of that data and vote strategically, but I would prefer not to rely on that. > Java was the first strongly-typed language Is that supposed to be a joke? Java isn't remotely close to being the first strongly-typed or even the first statically-typed language. The trillion dollar coin wasn't supposed to deal with US debt, it was a trick to get around the debt cap rule that Congress imposed on the government. If they actually spent the trillion dollar coin, that would likely cause devaluation of the dollar; as long as the coin remains locked up in the treasury it's just an accounting trick to get around their own arbitrary rule and wouldn't cause devaluation, because everyone buying dollars knows it's just a stupid accounting trick and not actual money. I would be fine with them getting green cards and letting them compete on the same terms as I do. I'm not fine competing with someone that gets deported if they get fired and don't find someone else to sponsor their visa. H-1Bs give employers too much power over the employees. I think it's just because of well-known blog posts[1][2]. I don't think it's a particularly common question for interviewers to ask here either. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... [2] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/fizzbuzz-the-progra... In addition to not being able to delete the last node, it also invalidates any pointers to the node after the one you're deleting. Other people have discussed the speed, but one aspect of performance that people often ignore is memory usage. In C# (or at least the most common implementation), there is a per object overhead of at least 8 bytes on 32-bit platforms and 16 bytes on 64-bit platforms. C++ implementations typically have no overhead for objects without virtual functions and 4 or 8 bytes of overhead for objects with virtual functions. This means that a program written in C++ could potentially use a much lower amount of memory than one written in C#. You'll just have to learn to do one of the encodings in your head. I've experienced the opposite but that might be because I'm looking at software development jobs. Most of the mega-corps and the medium-large companies that do software development actively recruit new grads while the small companies are only looking for experienced people. The problem with that question is that there isn't really any answer to it. It basically just ends up being that at some point someone made an arbitrary decision to do something that way and a bunch of other people copied them. I assumed it's aimed at those of us who know better, but are too lazy to actually verify signatures. If I'm using my own computer with Thunderbird and Enigmail set up, it checks them automatically for me, but if I'm checking my email from somewhere else through a web client, I'm guilty of assuming that signatures are valid without checking them. That might help but being legal doesn't completely stop cartels. Oil is legal and yet OPEC still exists. Two words: sex robots. Don't they already do this? I don't know much about marketing, but I was under the impression that pretty much any large company would have guidelines about what overall message they want to convey in any public communications. Just that picture of their office alone would put me off from ever working there. The level of distractions must be horrible. I have never seen a web site require me to explicitly agree to something like that. There is certainly no implicit agreement that I must view any content they happen to send me. A key difference is that the slaves didn't have a choice about which bids to accepts, they just went to the highest bidder, nor did they keep the proceeds. With this, they aren't really bids in the strictest sense, they're non-binding offers of an interview. > Does this mean that DeveloperAuction will only accept developers residing in these specific cities? They probably only accept developers who want to work in one of those specific areas. Those are probably the only cities where they have connections with enough companies to get bids. The whole thing would be pointless if no one was bidding. I would imagine that if they are successful, they will expand to other areas. This isn't a big problem for Google because they are mostly focused on a tightly controlled server environment where they control everything and created most of the software themselves. For general purpose use, this is a huge deficiency in Go. First of all, that's the terms of service that you agree to when signing up for an account. If you don't sign up for an account, you haven't agreed to that. Additionally, you left out this from your quote "(except as provided in Section 2.3 of these Terms of Service)". Section 2.3 says "You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on the Services for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein". All an adblocker does is download some of the content and decline to download some of the downloadable items. That's permissible under Section 2.3. I think a lot of the backlash comes from a misunderstanding of how this affects prior art. The name "first-to-file" makes it seem like you can take some invention that has been published but not patented, and patent it, preventing the actual inventor from using the invention. That is not the case. Only the inventor is allowed to file a patent. Under a first-to-file system, anything that has been made public can still be used as prior art to invalidate a patent. ~ is similar to std::unique_ptr in C++. It is always owned in one place, but that ownership can be transferred at will. It wouldn't always be that clear cut. His employer's policy might be something like "outside projects are allowed as long as you don't use knowledge that you gained from working there". That could easily be interpreted more broadly than it was intended. He could interpret it as "I learned Javascript while working there, so I can't release a project in Javascript" or something like that, when they really intended it to prevent use of non-publicly available information related to their business. Obviously, Apple has him managing a fake team until they're sure they can trust him. > If you're using Chrome, guess who started Webkit? The developers of KDE. Webkit comes from a fork of KHTML, the engine used for Konqueror. Apple came to the picture 3 years later. I'm a technical person and I don't like social login and I don't like creating individual account for every site. What I would like is a decentralized single-login protocol like the article is talking about. > I only hope there'll be a day I'll finally truly possess my own network identities, and third parties (social networks, email providers, etc) will act as notaries who just assert them for others to verify. If you have your own domain name, that's exactly what Persona does. The protocol is completely decentralized. Mozilla only provides a fallback for domains that don't support Persona. Even with DRM, I wouldn't be subscribed to a service for long if it wasn't continually adding new content. I can't imagine this arrangement is legally binding. The 13th amendment kind of interferes. That doesn't matter. A voluntary agreement is only valid to the extent that it is legal. It's not completely useless. For instance, DC, Baltimore, Philadelphia and NYC are grouped together with only a faint line on the border of districts 3 and 5 and no line of the border of districts 2 and 3, with much stronger lines separating DC and Baltimore from the rest of district 5 and NYC from the rest of district 2. Also, note the strong separation between Virginia and West Virginia, which are part of the same district, but no separation between West Virginia and any part of district 4. You can definitely see the effect of the Federal Reserve districts on the map, but there are clearly other important factors. > If they really cared about "preservation of capital", they would liquidate more of their stakes when one company made them rich then diversify their holdings. That might not always be possible. If the shares they own are a substantial portion of the total company, selling a lot of them at once would cause the share price to plummet and a lot of their wealth would disappear. Most of them do sell off stock in the companies that made them rich, they just do it gradually, so that they don't cause the price to drop. For instance, Bill Gates has been dumping Microsoft stock for several years. The stock he sold in the past few years amounts to about 3% of all of Microsoft. Persona is the protocol that the sites use to communicate with the identity provider. If they support Persona they will support Persona authentication from any email provider that chooses to support Persona and from the fallback provider that Mozilla provides. Persona leaves authentication entirely up to the identity provider. In the case of the fallback identify provider that you're probably seeing, they choose passwords. Other identify providers can choose any method of authentication that they want to use. 1. Privacy: the identity provider can't tell what site you are logging in to. 2. It's decentralized: any email provider can provide Persona authentication for the email addresses that it handles. You don't have to rely on Mozilla to do this except as a fallback for email providers who don't support Persona. Seriously. It was at $30 a few weeks ago. It's hard to say what's normal when things are changing that quickly. Python doesn't optimize any tail calls at all. Rust optimizes sibling calls, which includes all self-tail calls. It's only tail calls to a different function that Rust doesn't eliminate. What a surprise, he wants to depress tech wages with more H-1Bs. I don't have a problem with allowing skilled immigrants into the US. I have a huge problem with the overly favorable terms that employers get with H-1B workers. I think that once a worker has been allowed in they should be allowed to transfer jobs without having to find a new sponsor. If their skills are valuable enough to let them in, the skills should be valuable enough to let them stay. > To quote Steve Blank himselve, no software ever fails because it can't be build. You can build whatever software you want. Bullshit. Budget and schedule overruns are endemic to the software industry. There are plenty of companies that fail because they can't deliver on the technology they promised. I just assume that the phrase is completely meaningless. I've never seen a company that didn't claim to have good salary and good benefits. > 6. The government can’t track it, can’t block it, and can’t crack down on it. This is a common misconception about bitcoins. In fact, bitcoin lets you track every transaction that has ever been made. Identity is simpler, but it's not very interesting. It's hard for a beginner to see why you would ever use the Identity monad. Maybe is the simplest interesting monad, which makes it a good candidate for explaining monads to beginners. > What's a "quoted exchange price" if it's not the price you actually pay? The actual price you have to pay is based on how much you want to buy and how much other people are willing to sell at what price. People who want to buy give a "bid" price and people who want to sell give an "ask" price. Whenever there is an ask price that is lower than a bid price, a sale takes place. This results in the lowest ask price always being higher than the highest bid price. The quoted exchange price will be somewhere in between the two prices. If you want to sell right away, the most you can get is the highest bid price on the books. If you want to buy right away, the cheapest you can get it is the lowest bid price on the books. This means that you have to pay more than the quoted exchange price to buy and receive less than the quoted exchange price to sell. If it's not a meritocracy for the most important 18 years of a person's life, can you really call it a meritocracy? I think the target user is more like "we've got an existing codebase in C++; now we can run it in a browser". All "Computer Professionals" are exempt, so that would cover many of the people on this site. The other exemptions are rather broad and would probably cover most of the rest. It's also not necessary to move someone to management to give them more authority. Most software engineers don't want to deal with hiring/firing people or any of the other stuff that comes with being a manager, but they would be interested in having more say in technical decisions. It sounds like you are heavily invested in this company and are taking risks on the same level that a co-founder would. If they can't pay you consistently, you should be getting the equity and title of a co-founder. I think the hardest part would be getting the people funding it to agree to it. The plan, as you've stated it, gives them very little control of how their funds are used. I don't think it will be easy to convince the investors to trust the engineers not to just take the salary while producing nothing useful. If you can find a way around that problem, you might be on to something. For the Federal law, it's $455 per week, so a vast majority of people make enough. I wouldn't be surprised if CA had a higher minimum, since their laws are tend to be more worker friendly than the rest of the US. Since you are taking close to the same risks as the founders, you should be getting close to what they get. I think with proper vetting you would be able to find engineers who would put in an honest effort in those circumstances. I just don't think it will be easy to convince investors of that. It's not illegal to discriminate against accountants. It is illegal to discriminate against someone because of their gender. It is allowable only in circumstances where it is a "bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of that particular business or enterprise". A gentlemans club can get away with it. Someone who simply wants to change their gender ratio can't. Discriminating against accountants is legal in all circumstances. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discriminating based on sex except when it is a bona fide occupational qualification. Diversity is certainly not a bona fide occupational qualification, so they can't recruit based on it. They may be justified in taking diversity into account in the hiring process, but they cannot exclude candidates based solely on sex. In Regents of the University of California v. Bakke, SCOTUS held that candidates can not be excluded exclusively because of race. In Grutter v. Bollinger, they decided that it was legal to take it into account, but only on an individual basis, not to exclude candidates altogether. These both deal with race, but I see no evidence that sex would be treated differently since the same law applies to both. As the two cases I cited indicate, affirmative action is not illegal, but completely excluding candidates because of their membership in a protected class, or any type of quota for minorities is illegal. Affirmative action can be applied during the hiring process to favor some candidates, but not to completely exclude some class of candidate. > Driving schools are available (much fewer than in the UK or europe) and the only ones that use them are people that have them as a court requirement. Increasingly, taking some kind of formalized classes is becoming a requirement to get a license. When I got my license in Virginia in 2005, anyone under 18 was required to take something like 5 hours of driving classes in lieu of the normal driving exam. I believe the requirement has increased since then. Living expenses (especially housing) vary wildly within the area that uses American dollars. Someone in San Francisco can hardly afford a place to live on $31k. Someone living in a rural area in the US can afford a pretty nice house on the same amount. With regard to point 1, I suspect older workers are also less willing to switch jobs, which would also make it harder to increase their salaries. Generally major libraries have actual documentation that's good enough to make it counter-productive to look at the source. If you simply asked if there was ever a time where you needed to look at the source for a library, I could probably come up with something. However, I've never had to look at the source for anything that I would consider a "major" library because everything that I've used that I would consider a "major" library has decent documentation. The problem with this whole discussion is that it is lumping all STEM graduates together. There is really only high demand for CS and some engineering fields. There is a surplus of graduates in many of the other fields that are categorized under STEM. When someone says there is a shortage of STEM graduates, they are really only talking about the T & E, they aren't talking about the S & M. As far as I know, the only federal mandates they have to accept are the ones in Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972. These basically just forbid discrimination based on race or sex. There is Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, but that only applies to employment. It doesn't apply to something like students. Most universities are covered by Title VI, which applies to students at institutions that receive federal funding, but theoretically, they could avoid all federal funding, including federal grants and loans for their students, and then they would be allowed to discriminate based on race. I agree that a properly chosen suit can be comfortable and I don't mind wearing one on occasion, but I wouldn't want to wear one every day. Suits are far more expensive to buy and maintain than other clothes and they take a lot more work to maintain as well. If this is the case, it seems that Facebook, Google and Microsoft should be campaigning to have the H1-B quota allocated to whoever is willing to pay the highest salary. That seems like it would be much easier to sell to Congress and it would have the nice side effect of pricing sweatshops like Infosys out of the H1-B market. If the salaries haven't reflected the shortage, it's not a shortage. It's just a bunch of people unsuccessfully trying to buy something below market price. > how many are the multi-platinum award winning rock stars Probably none. The actual rock star level people can get O visas, which don't have a quota. AFAIK, Opera is in no way a proponent of non-profit or open source software. They are a publicly traded for-profit company and their main product is proprietary. --std=c++11 is not supposed to turn off all extensions, only the extensions that conflict with the standard. The VLA extension only applies to programs that would be malformed according to the standard, so it isn't turned off with -std=c++11. The -pedantic flag is for adhering to the standard exactly. I don't see how it's chauvinist to suggest that a "country" with no human inhabitants except for foreign military personnel doesn't need its own ccTLD. So you take the contacts out. It takes like two seconds. With the exception of the first thirty seconds, or so, after putting them in, I consider them far more comfortable than glasses. Where are those salary numbers coming from? There's no way new graduates are getting that much. Looking at the report they linked to, I'm seeing much lower numbers. And if you expand it beyond just house construction to all construction, which is probably a better comparison, it's even less of a commodity. Cost and time overruns are common in multi-million dollar building projects, just like they are in multi-million dollar software projects. If H1-B's are far more educated than the average American, but only paid slightly more on average, doesn't that mean the H1-B's are underpaid? Even if that were true, only the shareholders would have standing to sue them for failing to maximize profit. Clearly the only shareholder, the Mozilla Foundation, is not going to sue Mozilla Corporation for doing what the shareholder wants it to. Because any given locality has at least three different governments that all have the power to implement taxes. There's not a chance that all of the ~10000 different governments in the US would agree to a single tax. The point isn't to stop piracy. The point is to kill the used game market, which is rather large for consoles. Your problem isn't that PHP is old. PHP is the same age as Java and there are plenty of people willing to use that. Objective-C is trendy now, and that's 12 years older than PHP. Your problem is that PHP has probably the worst reputation of any programming language since COBOL. I think something like Mozilla's Persona is the way to go. It ties your identity to an email address, but it's easy enough to get those anonymously. They purchased DOS. The only thing I know of that Gates coded that Microsoft sold was a BASIC interpreter. I usually don't find them very interesting. They tend to use somewhat contrived algorithmic questions that just aren't the kind of problems I'm interested in solving. > Consider this example: Suppose you're sitting in a meeting with clients, and someone asks you how long a certain digital project is slated to take. Unless you understand the fundamentals of what engineers and programmers do, unless you're familiar enough with the principles and machinations of coding to know how the back end of the business works, any answer you give is a guess and therefore probably wrong. Even when you do understand the fundamentals of what engineers and programmers do, any answer is still usually a guess and probably wrong. Ruby has an ISO standard. Yes, this could be an instance of Simpson's paradox. If more jobs were created in low paying areas, the salaries could rise in every single geographic area, but still decrease overall. I suspect it has more to do with the large amount of undefined/unspecified/implementation defined behavior in C. A lot of questions on Stack Overflow can only be answered correctly by referring the the standard. Utterly false. It could never be a criminal offense; it's entirely a civil matter. Additionally, courts have given companies broad latitude in determining what actions are in their shareholders best interests. In multiple cases courts have accepted arguments that a company's long-term interests were best served through socially responsible actions (e.g. charitable giving) even though this would decrease immediate profits. In Dodge v. Ford Motor Co., the only reason the court found in favor of the shareholders was that Ford explicitly testified that he thought his company was making too much money and he felt obliged to use the money to benefit the public. Even this ruling, which is the one that established the "maximizing shareholder returns" precedent, stopped short of preventing Ford from taking the public-benefiting actions that the shareholders wanted to prevent, it merely required the company to continue paying dividends to the shareholders. I get that the name "Soylent" was originally coined in a book that did not involve cannibalism in any way, but it still seems like a very bad choice of name. "Soylent green is people" is much more well known than any allusion to Make Room! Make Room! can possibly be. > There is also some curious use of evidence: Obama won Santa Clara by 42% implies "the most dynamic sector .. is now decisively in the camp of the Democrats", but it was only 30 years ago that Reagan won the same county by >10%. Keep in mind that Reagan won the nationwide popular vote by 18%, so winning by 10% in his home state doesn't indicate a strong Republican following there. It just indicates a very one-sided race. Only in some jurisdictions. In most of the US, Software Engineer is not a regulated title. I believe Florida and Texas are the only exceptions. Well, it's unlimited for residential use; you aren't allowed to use it for a business. So essentially they're saying that if it looks like you're using the plan for a business, they can investigate. Those salaries are only common in a few areas with an outrageously high cost of living. In the rest of the country, the salaries aren't much higher than the ones in Europe. Someone didn't read the article. It's about affable vs. having your best interests at heart, not affable vs. skilled. It's a lot easier to be picky once you have a degree and a few years of experience under your belt and some money saved up. Not quite. The default transaction fee is 0.0005 BTC per transaction. If the transaction fee you offer is too small, miners won't process it. The main difficulty is in getting people to switch to the new client. If only some people switch, you have effectively split Bitcoin into two separate currencies with all of the old coins existing separately in each currency. So, for anyone with a Bachelor's or higher, leisure time has plummeted. For everyone else, the increase in "leisure time" is likely because of underemployment, so they would actually prefer to be working more to earn more money. 8.7% for computer science is still rather high. Programmers get paid poorly in Japan because Japanese culture doesn't respect software. It has nothing to do with the way they are trained. A union for software engineers wouldn't have to resemble the ones commonly associated with blue-collar workers. Something like the AMA would probably be more useful. It doesn't collectively bargain with employers but it does take actions that benefit its members, for instance, lobbying for laws that would benefit them. The US spending on Medicare/Medicaid is roughly $2500 for each person in the US and only provides coverage to a small fraction of those people. The NHS spends roughly $2900 per person. So, clearly either the private or public healthcare, possibly both, in the US is run very inefficiently. They are simply the total spending for each program divided by the total number of residents in the respective country. The US number only includes Medicare and Medicaid, so the discrepancy is probably because of additional public spending that isn't part of those programs. Either way it looks really bad for the US, since its public spending only covers a small fraction of people. Try getting even a relatively minor health problem like appendicitis and you can go through several times that much in one day. Healthcare would be much cheaper if only we didn't have to deal with all of the sick people. It gives you financial security if you decide to tell your employer to go fuck themselves if they want you to work too much overtime. Since you no longer absolutely need a job to live, you have a stronger negotiating position with employers. And then the employers will have to stop abusing their employees to get them back. Search engines didn't win out over the directory model on the web; the two models coexist. Traditional web browsing uses the directory model. Search engines supplement that by allowing you to jump to locations based on a search, but they don't replace the traditional following of links. Realistically, it can't replace most uses of concrete. Roman concrete takes years to reach full strength. The stuff we use is close to full strength in days. For a government agency like the NSA, that's easily accomplished by a man-in-the-middle attack. They can almost certainly convince multiple US-based certificate authorities to give them a certificate that will be included in the default set of trusted certificates by all mainstream browsers. They would only have problems with the very small number of people who are both paranoid and tech-savvy enough to change the certificates that there browser trusts. It's not completely nonsense, but it definitely doesn't have any coherent meaning. It started as an excerpt from Cicero but it was mangled by removing words and letters without regard for sentence structure or even for preserving words. Some of the words aren't even real Latin words. > assuming a byte as defined in ISO/IEC 80000-13 C uses a different definition of byte. The C standard defines the size of a char as 1 byte. If you are going to use the common definition instead of the C-standard definition, why not use the common implementation characteristics of C as well? A char is one byte both in the context of the standard and in the context of common usage. It's only when you mix the two contexts haphazardly that the two aren't the same size. You "cheated" by using zip. You can't easily implement zip using only internal iterators but you easily can using external iterators. If you look at a slightly different problem that doesn't precisely fit the special case of zip you'll see the difficulty involved with using internal iterators. Yes, it's only illegal to discriminate against people age 40 or older. Compared to other languages, 179 pages for the full specification is pretty small. Java and C sharp have that more than three that size. C++ is roughly five times as large. If you're a fan of functional languages, Haskell is almost twice as large. Even Scheme, an extremely simple language, is only about 30 pages shorter. People obsessed with their health are healthier than people who aren't? That's a shocker. If by farmer, you mean someone who works on a farm, but doesn't own it, it's laughable to suggest that they will ever be making a lot of money. If by farmer you mean someone with millions of dollars of capital invested in farmland, it's not accurate to compare them to a run of the mill software developer. As with all industries in a capitalist economy, the people with the capital are the ones making most of the money. West Virginia may be a poor state, but if you'll look at the map they present, you'll notice it's actually a relatively high mobility area. It's still completely infeasible without better tools for doing it automatically. Pass GHC the -O2 option to turn on optimizations. You need the strictness analyzer to run so that it can determine that sum is strict, otherwise you get a space leak. GHC's strictness analyzer will recognize that sum is strict for Integer and optimize the laziness away. It will only cause a space leak when optimizations are turned off. They are more expensive because the programs cost more to run. The professors have more job prospects outside of academia, so that drives up their wages. They also need more expensive resources (labs, legal libraries, etc.). It doesn't have to be immediate, but most high quality workers will not be interested in anything that requires them to spend a period of time without a full-time job. So whatever contract work you give them will have to be small enough that they can do it while still working a full-time job, or you will miss out on most of the high quality people. The only thing you really can do is to make sure to save up enough money that you can afford to retire in your mid fifties if you really have to. If you lose your job at that age, it can be very hard to find another one. Even a minimum wage job would double your income. That is plenty of incentive to work. I think that unless you have a specific reason for restricting them, you simply shouldn't restrict them, since any restrictions on the character set makes all passwords weaker. Personally, I expect all printable ASCII characters to be acceptable as part of a password and get irritated when some of them aren't accepted. > I feel that trading in a marketplace controlled by professional investors with access to research and high-frequency trading tools is a losing proposition. That is probably true, but you shouldn't let that keep you out of the stock market. You just shouldn't try to beat the professionals at their own game. Instead of picking individual stocks and trying to beat the market, invest in an index fund that will buy stocks to approximate the whole market. This means that your gain will be roughly equal to the average gain across the whole market. This means that you won't get the huge gains that you could have if you had chosen the right individual stocks, but you also will avoid the huge losses that would have happened if you chose the wrong stocks. You may lose money in some years where the whole market does poorly, but over the long term, you should see consistent gains. Assuming that you want to work in that industry, probably your only option is to take the unpaid internship. After you have completed the internship you can report them to the Department of Labor, or if you are really ballsy you can sue for what you should have been paid. There certainly is a difference between the difference between paid and unpaid internships. You can hire a paid intern under the same set of laws that apply to normal employment (because as you say interns are not a legal class of worker). As an employee, they are free to do work that benefits their employer. Unpaid interns may not do work that benefits the employer. You simply made the mistake of assuming that because you call one of your employees an intern, that you are free to disregard employment law. That is not the case. Paid internships are subject to the same laws as a normal employment relationship. Anyway, it's probably not the best idea to take advice about employment law from someone who thought interns were independent contractors. I think it depends a lot on the location. I work at a software company in the DC area where most people wear shorts or jeans to work, and yet still virtually every candidate that comes in for an interview is wearing a suit. The previous World Cup in South Africa was also held during their winter. I believe the weather was similar to what Australia would have. Developing software is fun. Developing the software that they want you to develop usually isn't. You don't get paid to develop software; you get paid to develop the software that they want you do develop. That was Paul Allen, if I remember correctly. He was the Senior Vice President of Engineering, so $10 million probably isn't that unusual. Outsourcing a project that level of complexity is never going to end well. The only way to consistently produce good, highly complex software is to have stakeholders closely involved in every step of the process. You simply aren't going to get that level of involvement when you pass off development to contractors. Oracle is enormously expensive. It's worth the expense for companies that actually need Oracle's level of performance, but most startups don't need to worry about scaling to that level for a long time. It makes more sense to spend the money on something else and not worry about performance until you are successful enough that you need to worry about it. In the US (which this survey seems to have been limited to), that is rarely the case. Only Florida and Texas consider "Software Engineer" a protected title, and even in those states you are usually only restricted from using it if you are offering engineering services. In most of the country, a "Software Engineer" could just as easily be working on a social networking website as on embedded software for an airplane. It is extremely common to use the title "Software Engineer" for people who are not actually doing engineering. The bitcoins held by the US is only the largest held at a single address. MtGox's bitcoins are probably split between multiple addresses. At least in the US (which has the largest software industry of anywhere in the world), the title of engineer is not regulated. Only the title "Professional Engineer" is regulated. Accreditation for engineers only applies to areas that have an impact on public safety. This means that civil engineers usually are accredited, but mechanical and electrical engineers usually aren't. So for people located in the US, it is perfectly appropriate to refer to someone as a software engineer. I don't find that condescending. What I do find condescending is attempting to apply the laws of certain countries to the world as a whole. There are, in fact, many jurisdictions where being an engineer does not require any form of accreditation. The fact that some jurisdictions do require accreditation does not give engineers in other jurisdictions any less claim to the title. The part where you claimed that only people who are officially accredited are engineers. People who live and work somewhere without such accreditation are completely justified in calling themselves engineers without being accredited. So, according to your viewpoint, there were no doctor's in the US until the late 1800's? The late 1800's is when doctors were first licensed in the US. Before that doctors practiced medicine but were not licensed, yet they were still doctors. Official licensing undoubtedly raises the quality of doctor's practicing medicine, but it is not an inherent quality of being a doctor. In most places, someone is not allowed to practice medicine without a license, but in places without medical licensing, someone who practices medicine without a license is still a doctor. Engineering is the same. Licensing most likely raises the quality of engineers, but that does not mean an unlicensed person who does the job of an engineer is not an engineer. Leonardo da Vinci wasn't a doctor because he didn't practice medicine. He studied corpses; he didn't operate on living humans. On the other hand, it would be ludicrous to say that Hippocrates wasn't a doctor. I wouldn't let either operate on me, but I also wouldn't let a licensed doctor from 1920 operate on me either. Modern doctors have vastly superior medical knowledge compared to historical doctors, but that doesn't mean that historical people who practiced medicine aren't doctors. Train drivers being called engineers has nothing to do with this. It is simply a coincidence that they happen to have the same name. They are sometimes called "engineers" but what they do is never called "engineering". No one thinks that the two jobs are the same thing any more than they think that an academic doctor is the same thing as a medical doctor. With software engineers, that is not the case. There is a great deal of academic study in the field of "software engineering". There are, in fact, many places where engineer is not a protected title and to claim otherwise is just wrong. Many large countries like the US, UK and France do not restrict the use of the title engineer. They only restrict something like "Professional Engineer" or "Chartered Engineer". I believe "state" here was used in the generic sense to refer to any organized political entity rather than the 50 states that make up the US. Uh, no. States is just the plural of state. It can just as easily refer to generic political entities as to the specific 50 political entities that make up the US. That's how every trading platform works. You can put in a limit order where you buy or sell at a certain price, but it's not guaranteed to go through because there has to be someone else willing to take that price. You can also put in a market order, which will always go through, but the price will be whatever is available on the market at the time. Well, the SEC said that bitcoins "likely would be securities and therefore subject to our regulation", which would seem to indicate that it would be considered capital gains, rather than income. It's too early to know for sure, though. No one goes into a political office because they want the salary. Any one who can get there is usually already rich enough that the salary doesn't make much difference. If you consider the amount of money they spend campaigning, they effectively end up paying to have the job. They take the job because of the power that comes with the job, not because of the salary. The prices of most commodities have been relatively stable in USD over the last year, while the prices in bitcoins have almost universally changed greatly. Until that changes, it makes more sense to consider bitcoins volatile and USD not volatile, rather than the other way around. But he calculated his per mile costs using 12000 miles per year. A taxi driver is going to drive far more than that, so the fixed costs will contribute a smaller amount to the per mile cost. They're both just across the river from Manhattan, so it would be a relatively short trip. I believe the trains run all night. That would be interesting to see. At a glance it appears that the highlighted areas with high incomes and high levels of education tend to lean heavily Democratic, but that might just be because those areas tend to be near major cities. Denmark, like most of the rest of Scandinavia, has a mixed economy. A large portion of the economy is privately owned, but a large portion is also publicly owned. It is neither purely capitalist, nor purely socialist. It's definitely not true. Walmart just opened a store in Tyson's Corner, which is a suburb of DC and is surrounded by some of the richest areas in the country and, though not as urban as downtown DC, it's far from rural. Even then, there will be a small chance of something happening that kills you and destroys all of your backups. Over a long enough time span, the probability of that happening approaches 100%. You could make it a very long time by doing that, but not forever. The only visa intended for starting a business is the E5 visa. You need at least $1 million in capital to qualify. There are people living in first world countries who have computers but can't get a bank account. If you have a negative report on ChexSystems, you won't be able to get a bank account, even if you have plenty of money for a computer. Bitcoin isn't going to solve the problem for everyone, but there are definitely people who could get access to bitcoin but not to conventional banking. I feel like this might have more to do with the poster living in DC. I'm in the DC area, and most of the job postings you see are for government contractors, which aren't exactly "cool". That's not to say that there aren't "cool" jobs here, but if you're looking at Dice or Monster, they aren't going to be the ones you see. Manslaughter != murder. They are two separate crimes. Manslaughter is a lesser crime. The difference is that murder requires the intent to kill, while manslaughter requires only that the person acted negligently. Short term, you might see increased productivity. Medium term, productivity is going to go down because of exhaustion. Long term, unless programmers are just dying to work for you specifically, productivity will go way down because the best people will leave to work for someone who doesn't abuse them. At that price, it doesn't seem like you would be able to provide much value by doing it manually. If you factor in some overhead, you would have to be spending less than an hour on each report to pay yourself a decent wage. If I'm running a business, I'm not going to pay someone to do research that I could do myself in less than an hour, even if it is really cheap. With B2B services, it's probably a better idea to provide substantial and demonstrable value than it is to have a really low price. To start with, only 7 of the 26 letters (uppercase and lowercase letters are only different in the first digit, which is never higher than 7 in ASCII, so I'm ignoring the difference) in the alphabet have an A-F in one of the digits, so in a text composed only of letters with all letters being equally likely, the frequency of A-F would be 26.9%. Additionally, A-F occur disproportionately in infrequently used letters. Adjusting for the frequency of letters in English[1], the expected frequency of bytes with A-F is 21.7%. The space character also doesn't have an A-F, so that will lower the frequency further. If we assume that the frequency of spaces is the same as in "America Can Code ", (17.6%) the expect frequency of A-F comes out to 17.9%. That's very close to the number in "American Can Code " (17.6%). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_frequency#Relative_frequ... I think you are greatly exaggerating how clustered programming jobs are. There are excellent opportunities for programmers in almost any major metropolitan area. It seems like the bonuses for Senior and Lead are too small. The highest paid engineer is only making 20k more than the lowest paid, and 16k of that difference is because of location. It depends on a lot of factors, but most people making that level will probably pay a total of about 30-40% in taxes. Health insurance will almost always be provided at this type of job. Yes, I've never heard of any country that makes you get a work permit if you are a citizen. It's still easily possible. If you save a mere $10k/year for 20 years and get a return on your investments that beats inflation by 5%, you'll end up with $350k in today's dollars. That's of the 15 job categories expected to grow the most over the next decade. Doctors likely aren't one of those high-growth categories. If you are paying an R&D staff, you aren't paying them to be 5 years behind open source development. You are paying them to be ahead of open source and your competitors. No one is going to make money by ripping off five year old OSS. First you would have to get contractually guaranteed severance pay, which is a lot more than most people get. Correct me if I'm wrong, but they didn't propose doing same-day delivery for all items that they sell. They proposed doing it for their most commonly sold items. So instead of needing huge warehouse holding all of their items in urban centers, they can keep those farther out and only put smaller warehouses holding a smaller selection of their most commonly sold items in the urban centers. If you work for a living, you aren't upper class. Someone making 100k/year in wages likely couldn't afford to stop working for more than a few years unless they already spent decades saving money. That means they aren't upper class. Someone who is upper class could maintain a high standard of living indefinitely without ever working. I think Burn Notice's treatment of the subject is good precisely because it doesn't glorify torture. An interrogation on Burn Notice is more likely to involve psychological manipulation instead of torture. Rust really doesn't target the same uses that Go targets. Go basically targets people who need a faster Python or a simpler Java. It doesn't have enough low-level control to be used for most of the things that C is still used for. Rust targets the low-level uses where a high degree of control over memory management is necessary. One of it's main goals is to make it possible to statically reason about memory ownership. You would never try to implement something like a modern browser or a production-quality language runtime in Go. On the other hand, Rust is targeted directly at that kind of thing, and the multiple pointer types are absolutely necessary for those use cases. I don't see anyone claiming that torturers are inherently evil. I see people claiming that act of torture is inherently evil. I'm perfectly open to the idea that someone who has tortured someone else isn't evil, but torture is always an evil act. The front page is working correctly for me in Firefox 26. When I hit page down or space the two lines that were at the very bottom of the screen move to just below the top bar. GHC, the most popular Haskell compiler, is also very mature and very good at doing high-level optimizations. Yes, but realistically, we are no where near strong AI. We're getting pretty good at making AIs to handle single specialized tasks, even ones that we consider very difficult, but making a generalized AI that can handle any task a human can is probably not going to happen in the near future. They appear to be using the BLS categorizations[1][2]. Essentially, the difference is that Computer Programmers do none of the planning or design that Software Developers do; they only do routine coding. Since Computer Programmers only do routine coding and none of the more intellectually challenging parts of software development, they can more easily be replaced by using higher-level languages or better tools. It's worth noting that Software Developers are already 3x more common than Computer Programmers and the number of Software Developers is increasing 10x as fast, so even many of the people who call themselves programmers are probably classified as Software Developers. [1] http://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/c... [2] http://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/s... Wealth != money. Food, housing and entertainment are all wealth. > development times usually included documentation time Most likely, the Haskell development time includes the time to write 465 lines of documentation, while the Lisp development time includes the time to write 12 lines of documentation. That makes it pretty obvious where the discrepancy in time comes from. Put a profile mentioning a handful of popular technologies on Dice.com with the actively looking status. You should get tons of recruitment spam. The problem is that the vast majority of it will not be good leads. Most of the jobs you will not have a realistic chance of getting because the recruiters will ignore key details such as level of experience and where you are actually willing to work. I highly doubt that an 85 line Haskell program with 465 lines of documentation had the same amount of time spent on documentation as a 274 line Lisp program with 12 lines of documentation. The Haskell developer clearly put a lot more effort into documentation. There is no 85 line program that needs 465 lines of documentation. The developer was clearly over-zealous. The second Haskell developer was a college student who learned Haskell a week earlier; so obviously they are going to take longer. In terms of attendance, the top college teams beat even professional teams. The 13 largest stadiums in the US are all for college football [1]. You have to go all the way to number 14 before you get to a stadium used for professional sports. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._stadiums_by_capaci... That might be the case for some teams, but a lot of NFL teams have trouble consistently selling out the smaller stadiums that they already have. $100k/year is very much in line with what an actual sociologist would describe as middle class. Most of the upper quintile is part of the middle class. Most sociologists describe the top 1-5% as upper class. The next ~45% is middle class, then the next 30-40% is working class, then the remaining 10% or so is poor/lower class[1]. The upper class is made up of capitalists, high-level executives and people with inherited wealth. People who work in professional occupations such as doctors or engineers are not part of the upper class. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_middle_class#Academic_... You're only looking at highly specialized apps which require a complex UI, so they tend to be more resistant to moving to the web. For the vast majority of apps, which you are ignoring, the UI is just a bunch of forms to fill in. New development of that type of app has almost completely moved to the web. In DC, average rents decreased by 2% last year, largely because of increased supply[1], so it is possible. Somewhere like SF, it's likely that demand would increase faster than supply could so prices would continue to go up, but at least the increase in supply would slow down the price increase. [1] http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-04-23/washington-faces-ap... Go basically only has one modern feature (goroutines). Beyond that it's a throwback to Java version 1. "Software Developer"[1] is three times as common and has a median income of $89,280. Most programmers are actually classified as software developers. [1] http://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/software-developer That's the reason they are so much higher on MtGox than other exchanges (roughly $150/btc higher). Yay, I also have more points. Her 66 thousand profile views absolutely crushes my 154 profile views, though. Hard drives are going to run hotter than the outside temperature even in the middle of the summer, so they are going to get quite a bit of natural cooling for free. The cooling they have to do is just a supplement to the cooling that happens naturally. That's just part of the workaholic culture. You get rewarded for putting in long hours, not for doing good work, so people put in long hours but don't bother with actually doing a good job. I have to disagree. In this case, the lump sum and the annuity are equivalent if you get a 4.2% return on investment. You aren't going to find a risk-free investment that gets a better return than that, so the only reason to take a lump sum is if you want to invest in riskier investments. The decision comes down to risk tolerance; there is no clear cut winner. This is a service targeted at the US so it has to target the US's (antiquated) banking system. Checks are on the way out, but most Americans still need to write or cash them fairly regularly. Chip-and-pin cards are still not widely supported in the US, but support for magnetic stripe cards is almost ubiquitous. It does seem outdated by international standards, but for the US, this is actually a step forward compared to the check cashing services that many poor people use.