It's less a fork and more of an add-on, PC-BSD (now True-OS) is FreeBSD with a fancy installer and a preconfigured desktop. TrueOS server is FreeBSD with their admin tools installed. Kris Moore, the creator, is a member of the FreeBSD core team, the projects are close. Licensing issues make this unlikely, a big reason Lumina was developed is to be able to ship a BSD licensed OS with a GPL free desktop environment. How are either of those negatives? The entrenched parties would have had a list of approved questions to avoid such a mistake, they are all humans and can't be expected to call up every detail of any issue at will. And trespassing/mischief would probably make Stein the most law abiding candidate in generations. He knew about Syria, he didn't immediately associate the word Aleppo with the Syrian situation. He just finished discussing Nader in 2000, the next question could have been about anything and parsing all your knowledge is not an easy task. I care more about the crimes committed than whether the justice system decides to prosecute. This was happening to me, there was some problem with the electricity in my apartment. I can't recall what the electrician said, there were some switches that only 1/4 were working, and if 2/4 had been it would have fried everything. They fixed it in about an hour. From his website > He studied at Yale, where he graduated magna cum laude and phi beta kappa with BAs in History and Literature, and at Columbia, where he was a FLAS fellow in Persian and South Asian studies. The open source drivers aren't configured correctly, Southern islands cards are close to feature complete with Radeon. Turn on DRI 3 and glamor. The author directly addresses this, and hits it dead on with >Most of the unhappiness about Secure Boot is not really about Secure Boot the mechanism – whether the people expressing that unhappiness think it is or not – but about specific implementations of Secure Boot in the real world Maybe the UEFI specification should have implemented a way to distribute keys, though that would have been seen as a way to lock out smaller Linux distros. Maybe the ability to self sign keys should be part of the specs, I'm not sure it isn't, but that adds an additional security risk with fresh hardware. How is this different than every other instance of signing for verification? Are you opposed to package managers, publicly posted hashes, GPG, and even TLS works with the same method. What about it verifying the operating system makes it more prone to being misused? It's protecting users from running unsigned operating systems on their computer, protecting the user from a malicious operating system having full access to their computer. You're arguing against the implementation, which both the author and I agree is flawed, where hardware manufacturers are the only ones regularly controlling keys. >Secure Boot" specifies that this trust should be anchored in manufacturer-designated entities using public key signatures. No, it doesn't. It doesn't specify how the keys should be dealt with at all. The implementation currently has manufacturers controlling that aspect, which the author views as flawed. So you've never heard of Nixon? "Half the muders of Norway" means about 15, at least from 2014 data. A lot of different things could lead to fifteen murders in a year, one person who doesn't like refugees could do it. No, I have no references at all. I'm saying that eleven events is hard to draw meaning from, a wide range of things could cause that to happen and it's not necessarily a sign of a problem. Opposed to Bush's course, which only let Russia start one war. Plus,saying Russia started the Syrian war is a huge stretch, the US had already been involved for years. The guarantees aren't useless due to Obama, the US followed the memorandum and sought UN Security counsel intervention. Russia broke the deal, what do you think the US should do about it? You would never flip a county. You would increase the percentage your candidate wins by or the percentage of the population that voted. It's raw votes that matter in states, and it's much safer to set up in your home turf. If you're getting a desktop for half the price to do your real work, why buy the Macbook? How does being better than an eight year old laptop make it clearly the best computer on the market? So you don't need a powerful machine, but you're still willing to pay a premium for one because it's small with a big battery? That makes even less sense. That source can't get basic details correct, Trotsky spent about a year in New York not a decade. It doesn't even attempt to prove it's big claims. You posted the source and then said "this is a fact and gets hidden because it could cause antisemitism." The source is antisemitic garbage, it doesn't even try to establish a connection between Schiff and Trotsky before blaming Schiff for all the deaths of the revolution. Very, as I said you presented it as a source for your very ridiculous claim. Expecting other's to check it is silly, you're unwilling, and the source gives you no reason to believe it's true. Trotsky was a loyal agent of myself until his death. That's got as much proof as the page you linked. There's a difference between being open to ideas and believing any shit someone says. He accomplished very little while suffering from schizophrenia, most of his work occurred years before he became ill. No, he may have had a disposition towards schizophrenia earlier in his life, but he developed it around 1959. But it wasn't there, signs existed that it might develop but if things had gone differently he may have never been been afflicted. Nash himself says a combination of stress to do great things and the necessity of thinking in unorthodox ways to do those things is what triggered the illness. As far as I know, it's not something your born with, it's something your born more likely to develop. Japanese imperialism was an attempt to get out from under the boot of US imperialism. The US showed up, forced their nation open to western powers,and spent the next 70 years intimately engaged in all their important decisions. Japanese conduct during the 30s was atrocious. They tried playing by the moral code in earlier wars, the US and other Western powers repeatedly reneged on deals and forced Japan to return any possessions. Sort of. If you feel there's a greater power out there that's building up to invade you and your neighbours, forced unity can seem like the lesser of two evils. The US was not super friendly in the first half of the century, Hawaii and the Philippines were both recent military conquest dangerously close to Japan. It's not a benefit in other countries, it's either a socialized system or a legal requirement. There has been quite a bit of discussion about this over the past eight years, I've seen numerous videos and discussions about it. The main proponents are the people that are sick of the two party system in general This result will surely cause some upset Democrats to care more about it, but there's a good chance Trump's presidency will also cause Republicans to care more as well. The system is broken, each example will bring more people to the group that wants reform. Yes the losing side will run faster, but both parties have a large contingent of members that would like more options. I only looked at one of them, but it seems that these are able to be released as they have the same illegal language as the Internet Archive release. Their language makes it sound like they were released due to the government being forced to review if they should be upheld. It's a realistic view of a great study. Copenhagen was just one university teaching philosophy around 1840, are you able to name a second philosopher that came out of there? How about 1/10? >Since Kierkegaard was totally forgotten and wasn't rediscovered made popular in Germany by Boltmann till the 20th Century I don't know where you got this, but it is an exaggeration of the truth. And unless you think the same thing is just waiting to happen to all the other philosophers that surrounded him, doesn't change the fact that most philosophy is tossed aside for good reason. And yes, the same can be said of many different fields. It's the kind of thing that's largely up to personal preference, people that spent a long time with Windows font rendering have a hard time adjusting to the old Freetype2. The newest Freetype2 integrated the infinality patches which make the rendering much easier on the eyes for those people. Distrowatch says Fedora 25 uses an older Freetype2, I think the patches are available to toggle on. Red Hat would rather use that ~$80,000 to hire another kernel developer, the member ranks are just about political clout. No, they aren't donating more to the Linux foundation for political clout. Their scores would also be tied to their jobs, people would get things done because it's another way to advance your rating. I saw the lack of technological improvements as the episode taking place roughly now, the tech for the rating system basically exist already. Their job is to find it out who did this, informing the US population is not part of their job and quite often is counter productive. Don't trust any of them, your interests are more similar to a Russian civilian than any of the agencies. >1) A massive conspiracy in which the leaders of practically the entirety of the US military/intelligence community are willing to go on record with a hoax that will easily be unraveled by the incoming administration in a few months Unless the actual perpetrators were the US intelligence community and/or the incoming administration. Then they could both hide their tracks or have no reason to unravel this. But why suspect the group with the most to gain or the community with the most experience doing this? It's not like there's any other examples of a Republican politician breaking into the DNC to tap their communications, using the intelligence agencies to help cover it up... Billions of dollars plus whatever power comes from picking the president and presumably having a potential deepthroat if they don't behave. And remember, the intelligence community is not unified. Even though Obama has been a huge ally of the intelligence community, not all branches got the same deal. >. Is the phrase "in the event of a coup" just a pretext for having such plans in place, or is it an actual recognition that the current government is not crazy enough to launch a suicidal offensive campaign at the rest of the world? It's merely discussing one such event that could lead to this plan being used, though the risks of failure mean it's unlikely to happen without a coup. What could North Korea do to make it seem like an attack was imminent and then leave enough time for this plan to take place? North Korea will only use nukes if they're in threat of being crushed anyway, or if they have the support of China and either Russia or the US. Wouldn't cars "dissapearing" be a sign that people have decided the quickest route to take involves not taking a car? How does that cast doubt on the data? Incredibly late, but I noted that the community is not unified, some of it is just about getting their candidate. Additionally, some of Trump's proposals mean a lot more cash/power for intelligence agencies, things like harsher standards on immigrants and more control over the internet. They don't have any success, the phone in question was unlocked and Apple tried to help. And Apple was/is part of PRISM, they already have/are volunteering more info then required. Even if Google is worse, that doesn't make Apple good, it's not a two player market. I can't speak for stock android, but the fine grained controls are available in CyanogenMod, and apps are available that have most of the features you mention. Additionally, those apps are free software, so I don't have to blindly trust a member of PRISM that they are secure. All of those features don't matter if there's a backdoor, and from what I read of the FBI case there is one they just foolishly closed it. That's bizarre, considering 40% of Dell computers sold in China come with Linux. Sort of different countries that share a sea border and a common tongue, I have at least a base understanding of 20th century Chinese history. It would be bizarre if you were unable to buy a Linux laptop in Canada if 40% of Dell's sold in America came with Linux. >I think we should all remain open to ideas about how we can improve this UX within the limits a mass market product has to operate within, but that's very different from labeling this a "backdoor." Then release your product in a manner that let's people improve the UX and correctly label what is and isn't a backdoor. How much time do you think someone on active duty in Iraq has to sort through data? And you think you could use that free time to sort through thousands of pages of classified documents without your fellow soldiers or your superiors knowing? Time isn't the only relevant resource. Maybe I'm an asshole, but the "put lives at risk" line seems like nationalistic swill. Even if it risked American combatants, why should that justify hiding the deaths of possibly fifteen thousand Iraqi civilians? A two week leave, that's asking her to check well over 10,000 documents a day. It isn't "quite real damage," it's potential damage. Without revealing and adressing the past deaths, you can expect there to be future deaths. The point of revealing isn't to say "hey we did awful shit," it's to say "we're doing awful shit and it needs to stop." I don't question the free time, I doubt the ability for someone already under a fair amount of emotional distress to be able to hide reading thousands of pages of classified data. Even with the route she took, it was only a matter of months for her to make a mistake that got her arrested. Giving it to wikileaks reduced her anxiety, going through it likely would have ramped it up. Additionally, needing to keep a local copy of the data is a huge risk. Let's give you the benefit of the doubt, not necessarily earned as the other poster points out but let's roll with it. You have successfully defended between two and eleven civilian deaths that were not hidden before the leaks. That leaves you merely with the task of explaining the around twelve thousand that were hidden prior to the leaks. ... How can someone work at the DHS for fifteen years in February 2016? The thing they're saying opened the door was an executive order originally started by Bush in 2008. So if Obama hadn't implemented it, Trump could have basically instantly. Obama was no friend to privacy, but the doors have been open to a surveillance state for decades at minimum. What promises has Microsoft kept that would make me consider trusting privacy to them? A sale to Microsoft would mean the decision to use duckduckgo would rely solely on search performance, and as much as I love bangs it's not a better search engine. Why? When has Microsoft ever done anything that gives you the impression they respect your privacy? I was actively following PC-BSD throughout the change as I've wanted to use BSD over Linux, but a few issues held me back. I believe a lot of the decision to move to a rolling release was users like myself that were grabbing the monthly betas, needing some new hardware support that's years away in FreeBSD. Some of the problems come from a lack of easily obtained details of the switch. They had PC-BSD 11 release candidates, but had hinted at TrueOS, and as someone who was willing to bug test I had no idea what to test. I thought they'd still do an 11 release and provide minimal updates, as there were so many things they knew were broken. That never appeared and I was left downloading the image once a month to see if AMD cards worked. And so many things seemed wrong on those tests, it was impossible to tell what needed testing without reading every bug report. I think things will improve when the team isn't also working on a FreeBSD and FreeNAS release, but it was a bumpy start. So if the supply of low paid labor drops, and the demand rises, the value of low paid labor increases. The reason those jobs have been filled with low paid labor is the workers had no other choice. In this situation they'd end up well rewarded for their work, and those workers with more spending power has traditionally been great for the economy. Lot's of things have completely changed how society works, why shouldn't society change? Partially, it's also that anyone strongly opposed to surveillance realistically can't get elected to high office. If you oppose the intelligence agencies, they have access to the data necessary to ruin you by leaking that your running mate had ECT or someone similar. Kafka wasn't that capable of being a good writer in that situation either. He finished a handful of short stories, never finished a novel, and most of his writing lay unfinished and unpublished at his death. > The original Al-Qaida (every major member is now dead) which planned 9/11 actually didn't feel left behind at all. They were trying to fight change and westernization. Go read the Wikipedia article about 9/11, they were fighting against the US attacks on Muslims, their influence on local politics, and their support of Israel. Why do people think it takes more than that? I was echoing your use of "go read." Saying that's change is misleading. It's foreign control they're opposed to, and that has been normal for over a century. It's a tremendous boon to Linux that it happened, it would have been very easy for him to transition into Illumos while with Joyent or FreeBSD at Netflix. Both already ran DTrace. He stuck with Linux and spent time making their performance tools competitive. You avoid it by using the alternatives, the BSDs and Illumos. The post is probably comparing Gregg to Bryan Cantrill, who is very vocal about what he thinks is wrong with Linux. They often also run on BSD and Illumos. They'd need some specific kernel function to have be difficult to port, and several of the alternatives offer Linux emulation layers for those situations. The lack of DTrace like tools has long been a criticism of Linux. The entire BPF team deserves a lot of credit for their work, but his decision to highlight this problem and help solve it rather than move to FreeBSD likely got it into 4.9 rather than some kernel in the future. Even the earliest teats showed there was still some communication between the two halves,the tactile test from the original paper showed that the subject could not describe an object that only the left hand could feel, but they could point it out. Like the internet archive letters, these are only released as a legal error on the part of the FBI made regarding the ability to challenge the order. This is not the government deciding to lift the order voluntarily, and is not a sign of more transparency from their end. Neither are that hard, FreeBSD has the additional challenge of overcoming Linuxisms. Just takes a little reading, and the FreeBSD Handbook is an excellent work. >For some reason, all of a sudden everyone thinks that ZoL is legally safe to use. I'm not a lawyer, but whatever. That reason is because it's free software, even the FSF thinks it's fine to use ZFS on your system. The issue is whether it's fine for the ZFS module to be distributed with the Linux kernel. And automatically updating ports is easy. Set up Poudriere somewhere to build every night, log in, check security notices, and install the already compiled packages. The dollar amount is preposterous and I don't see how those are subsidies that encourage physical marketing. Theories are never proven correct, they can just predict more experimental results. Assuming they're true is what you do. That's not proof, that's a number of different stories using the same crappy report. >For one great example, look at the plight of OpenSSL. Before it broke way open, how many companies really contributed to it? And how many just used it, not giving a second thought to using it unless there was a CVE? So you think there were a large number of companies privately fixing bugs in OpenSSL? Or how would a less permissive license forced companies to contribute to a project they weren't actively improving? And on your earlier points, keeping changes private likely requires more future contribution and maintenance expectations >The last President to shrink the NSA, CIA, etc was Jimmy Carter. Every other one increased it. And why was Carter able to shrink them? Because Nixon was caught using them to gain political power. The problem is beyond partisan politics. You either support the intelligence agencies, or you don't get elected. Simple as that. The Church Committee was a response to things that came out during the Watergate scandal, and I find it hard to believe that the public cared more about that than the things that than the Watergate scandal itself. Not having the skills isn't the thing that should stop someone in either scenario, it's not wanting the skills. Arch is great for a beginner that wants to know how to set up their own bootloader and similar things, you can use Ubuntu for years without gaining that knowledge. Or how much C editing and compiling does the average Unix user happen to run into? There's very little natural progression in computer use, people do things the way they know how until they decide to learn more. Think of how many time's you've seen some family member slowly select file-save without ever figuring out ctrl-s. I find in hard to fork human behavior and have anything one might consider a good adoption rate. We were fourth in 1910, and moving to third seems more to do with the breakup of Russia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_populatio... This seems like a poor curriculum rather than an actual flaw in philosophy, without the logic framework philosophy is just the history of ideas. If taught in a manner similar to math, where you learn logic tools and then build on top of them over time, I would expect similar and overlapping development. Probably, or the poster also saw the noise and it led them to think about snaps. >So, no restrictions on obtaining a warrant to look at emails. Free warrants? You're misreading a lot of the bill, it says that "nothing in this section or the one preceding shall limit the already existing laws for warrants." Similarly, the "you can't tell anyone" clause already exists, this just isn't changing it. This bill is removing a section in the existing law that considers data stored on a server for more than 180 days abandoned, requiring only a subpoena to access. It's a good bill, though it only addresses a tiny part of the problems, which is why I expect it can get passed. They know it because it's the best theory we currently have. Things aren't 100% sure in physics, there are no laws. Just the best available theory which you should treat as fact while knowing it may not be. The author seems to have noticed the criticism and removed Telegram It can help by letting you offload the work to something like a vps, which also negates the compile/build time. >For the $20 mentioned in the post, I could set up four boxes in four AWS zones. And for the $2.50 also mententioned, you could set up zero. Or you could buy a bandwidth based plan, where $20 will get you at least 250GB of bandwidth. "Better" isn't enough, in the future the same bad reasons will have bad results. Nixon was already shamed, but we needed the spectacle to have any hope of ending the corruption he was caught engaging. Instead, 1980 saw another round of Republicans somehow acquiring Carter's campaign preparation and an ex-Nixon appointee as the VP. The RAM itself isn't much more expensive, it's a compatible motherboard and CPU that add to the price. If you can't afford even a temporary loss of data it's well worth the cost. That is true with whatever filesystem you choose, and ZFS is always a great choice. It's undecided about Canada. There is a law that could say it's punishable by a year in prison, but the law is from thirty years ago and hasn't been tried in this situation. The CBSA says that you can be arrested for failing to divulge a password though, and for now it is their opinion that matters. And if you read the link, that is from an almost two year old bulletin and begins with "until further instruction." I don't know what the exact FOI requests were, so all you can be certain of is "their policy under the Harper government was..." >The primary drivers are deep philosophical and emotional currents. "..." Capitalism kept driving innovation, but not invention. Capitalism drove very little of the invention in earlier times, it was largely driven by World War I and II. WWII saw a large chunk of Europe and America's top minds bind together to stop the Axis, and then after the war their work could be integrated too. This led to a tremendous amount of knowledge that led to computers and the space projects among so much more. By the 70's the main gains were already fleshed out,and the system was back to private competition. If it's a change of philosophy and behavior, it's a change towards peace, removing the absolute need to invent new things and the unquestioned resources to be able to do so. It's a sample size of one, even a well designed test is basically meaningless. Plus, from my research on the subject, a full dose can have positive effects for months after the experience. Taking a full dose around a week before the experiment may have tainted the data. So anyone that routinely wipes their device or doesn't travel with them is a criminal, and your best bet is to just comply and hope they're lazy. How does following any of that advice help the civilian? I only see how a lower adoption rate helps the border patrol. >Quantum Key Distribution relies on an authenticated channel that is simply assumed to already exists. How do you get that authenticated channel It does already exist, there are several quantum networks already. Though, there are also signs that the first generation may have technological issues. And the entire benefit is that using it will allow you to detect if the channel is authenticated, it does nothing to ensure that it is. >Communists are definitely 'dirty'. They represent, in reality - the world's greatest movement of mass murder and oppression The second greatest is capitalism throughout the period of colonialism, and who knows which would win given an equal population at the time. Very few of the things you list have even tangential links to an economic system, and the few that do are confirmation of a central tenet of Communism, the need of a worldwide revolution. People aren't ignoring the lessons history with their continued support of Communism/Socialism, they're looking past the surface commonly brought up. One of the first acts of the Bolsheviks was the elimination of any Soviet that had been formed. They went for a totalitarian approach from the start, and any small hope of that succeeding died when basically every nation in WWI declared war on them. This is very similar to what happened in the French revolution, and the results are very similar. Economic theory isn't to blame for the atrocities committed during revolution and by tyrants. There are a host of reasons those events happened, and capitalism isn't some magic shield stopping them from happening again. Oh, and food definitely has been socialized. The combination of farm subsidies, insurance programs, and welfare programs work to ensure everyone has access to it. Other sources of information can't compete, and it's fairly easy for one source to be controlled by some person or organization. Additionally, when this has been done in the past people turn Wikipedia into the normal internet, hiding media on various pages and using it as a social media stand in. The money would be better spent lowering the normal cost, but then Wikipedia doesn't get the huge supply of editors. No, the best solution is free or affordable access to the entire internet. When the majority of users can't read the sources or access new ones to change things, Wikipedia can become a dangerous tool. The English version has problems with political groups controlling what goes on various Wikipedia pages, this system ensures it will happen. >it's "zero-rated sites or no internet at all" Or the money spent providing Wikipedia data could be used to provide a limited amount of free access to the entire internet. Or on better infrastructure so service doesn't cost a months salary. >A corporation can do none of those things. Yes they can, they just need to hide that they're doing it or keep the government on their side. Except the part where they immediately agreed to help the US Government, only to find that incompetence had made the problem much harder than it should have been. They then resisted having to do a large amount of unpaid labor to continue to help. Plus, a PRISM member. As people seem to think I am wrong, here's a source http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-tn-apple-fbi-call-2016... Give one example of a war where both sides had a justifiable and morally good reason. It's the only situation where a build up of arms before war is understandable. Massing arms out of defense is basically indistinguishable from preparing an attack. Still haven't seen anything showing this, including the license for the FreeBSD kernel can mean a lot of different things. Windows did/does ship with it, I wouldn't call it a fork. About three years doesn't seem so long, reproducing and refining studies takes some time. As do securing funding and going through the acceptance process. I'm not saying it explains all of the rise, but I wonder how much of this is more accurate reporting. I'm from rural America, and people dying of a "gun malfunction" or similar accidental deaths was a common thing. Nobody local was confused, but protecting the family was a large concern. FreeBSD is fixing the graphics issue, their DRM-next branch is in or nearly in sync with Linux. It's not on 11 to my knowledge, still needs some testing, but TrueOS ships with it. Netflix a ton, as others have pointed out. Sony, not that I can see. There was talk of code going upstream, but I never heard more about it. Nintendo hasn't, but people are overselling the "Switch runs FreeBSD" line. A copy of the kernel license was included on the switch, which could mean just one line of code taken technically. From what I've heard, the sys calls don't look like FreeBSD. From what I've seen, it originated here,and it's only speculation. It does seem likely though. The article says indefinite, though it's been updated since you posted. >Would that not immediatly raise the question "why"? If we are a simulation I would really like to know the reason for being simulated. What do they hope to reach with simulating a life like ours? It's the holy grail of the scientific method. Anything becomes testable and observable, the "why" seems obvious. A compromised account is a vague possibility? I'm not amazing at these things, but I could probably access a WiFi network unconnected to me, mask my IP to a different location, and acquire a random Netflix account in a couple of hours. These things are likely, and wrongful lawsuits greatly damage the company while successful ones provide a minimal benefit. I can't figure out why you've added this ridiculous "need to use their computer" part, that would be necessary for a successful lawsuit but suing random Netflix users will look terrible even if the court clears them in the end. But OK... WPA2 is reasonably secure, but most home instances aren't set up well. They often have WPS enabled or a guessable password. Plus weaker set ups are still easy to find. Once you're on, redirect Netflix to a site to grab their info, record the stream from a computer outside their house. This is needlessly complex for what is needed, find a compromised Netflix(+email?), record. Yes, and people are so great at making sure they access https addresses and never ignore a "this may not be secure" warning. And you're still ignoring the major parts. What someone actually needs to do is much easier than all this, and Netflix has already lost if they end up in court with an innocent person. If you want me to prove accounts have been compromised, look at all the account breaches over the past few years, think of how many reuse passwords. In a discussion of "the most expensive weapon ever," why does this $4 billion a year draw your criticism? Even if you have the right to do something, it can still be evil. Capitalism has been given plenty of rights that turned out to be evil, slavery is the simple example. If the ruling class decides what to try and what is considered an error, both those statements can still be correct. So only committing an evil for a couple centuries means it's OK? As I still see it as a fine example of capitalism given the right to do something that was evil. The "election" was unambiguously hacked, you can argue that the democrats are blaming it more than is reasonable, but it happened. Basically the only thing getting a budget increase this year looks to be the military. War isn't started over stern reprimands, increasing military spending and increasing our ties to Russia seem to be the more likely sign of an upcoming war. >They wouldn't have been able to do that with GPL-like code Then explain Android. It's install git, pip, ansible, some python libraries, and download the script. It's two pages because they support a lot of operating systems on a lot of vps providers. Duckduckgo has this solved, with a regions option at the top of the search results and cookies that save your choice. Not useful for the Google April fools joke though. >Honestly I'm so tired of the latest "hey, there's potentially nasty-sounding stuff in common food category that could possibly do vague bad things under vague unspecified circumstance, so stop eating it This article made it very clear that it was just what she does based on what she has encountered, not health advice. Also, a large part of her concern had nothing to do with pollution. It was that different types of seafood require different cooking methods to be healthy to eat. This is well known, and with so much seafood being mislabeled isn't a vague issue. I wonder how much the missionary movement helps counteract the homogeneity. A benefit of diversity is an exposure to different ways of thinking, knocking on strangers doors will give you plenty of that. >I might also make the point that women entering the workforce definitely, by the looks of these numbers, didn't drive a vast expansion in the number of jobs. Rather, it displaced many men who _used_ to have those jobs, and proved its inflexibility at the same time This is a completely different thing, women entering the workforce did not involve new people entering the consumer market. Immigrants do. >immigrants habitually save and/or remit their disposable income, spending as little as possible to get by Source? As it seems like a massive generalization that doesn't reflect what I see from my immigrant neighbors. Though globalization is a definite trend, so much of a persons money is spent on the basics of food and housing, where the money spent is usually higher in the US and more of it will stay local. As these things still need local jobs, and more of those jobs requires more middle class jobs to care for their needs. And I mean no offense here, they would need to spend more on housing than yourself in the short term, making them a net positive relative to yourself almost immediately. Google took significantly from GPL licensed code for their own operating system, which is exactly what you said couldn't happen. > I mean, what if pain is simply a concomitant of consciousness. Would a better world be devoid of consciousness? If I'm imagining a new world, pain is whatever I want it to be. That it seems to be a necessary part of consciousness in this world isn't important. You are putting the constraints of this world on any possible world, and we have no reason to expect these things to be necessary truths. On the triangle. It differs from pain because the sensation of pain is real, while the triangle is a concept we use to simplify the actual world we interact with. There are no two dimensional objects that I am aware of, and changing it to a pyramid still runs into the problem of needing continuous mass in that shape. A four sided triangle may be impossible, but at the same time a three sided triangle seems impossible and we accept it. The world that I'm imagining where it is this world except pain is something different is a new world. If you assume the false accusation was true, ignoring it would not be professional and it would be impossible to keep it to your own time. The mistake was the public and hasty reaction, not politics. The research is secondary because it is something they read about long ago compared to an actual experience they had that may have impacted their life. Most of it's proponents are in favor of more research, but with that being almost impossible still felt the available information was impressive enough. Yes, the public and hasty reaction was inappropriate. This is a very different claim than keeping politics out of the project. Wanting to spread your investment is a normal concept, as is keeping your investments secret. When there is an absence of new evidence for such a long period of time, the research can become secondary out of laziness and forgetfulness rather than a refusal to think critically. What? There is no privacy and open source issue. How is this more concerning than the raw amount of weapons that a lying around everywhere? Giving them access to cheap power or a potential local weapon doesn't seem like that pressing of an issue. Chernobyl killed 38 people directly, and led to a moderate increase in cancer rates. I'd say 1000 bullets could outkill it. So the issue is "sometimes software won't respect your privacy, you will be aware of this and can change it or use something else." That's not an issue. Who cares who's leaders are worse? Both countries are ruled by people without the population's best interest at heart. Do not trust the people telling you Russia is behind all of these problems for the US. Even if it's true, it's a fraction of Russians that are guilty, and if you judge the whole population by what they've done Americans are guilty of a whole hell of a lot too. If we had our act together, we could have worked out the problems with nuclear power fifty years ago. We don't, and I don't see why you think we suddenly will get it together for "renewables." So what percentage of "renewables" does hydroelectricity account for? And why does Wikipedia's discussion of energy subsidies counter your claim, with hydroelectric alone receiving more than nuclear? By the way, renewables is in quotes as you could consider some forms of nuclear power renewable, yet you clearly don't. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_subsidies#United_States This is the display server, the pre-Wayland fragmentation is basically OpenBSD using a patched version of X11. Hell of a problem there. Rich enough to spend half a billion on NeXT, which they turned into OS X. ReactOS is an open source clone of Windows, designed to be binary compatible with Windows. >But anyway, at least in the United States, everyone is "innocent by default" The presumption of innocence only applies to the jury. Even with it, you can be arrested and the prosecutor will make the best possible case against you. It does not apply to anything that has happened in this story so far. From my experience, it sounds like they're pinning the cause of the illness on their ancestors, allowing the mind to get past the fear that fixing the problem involves a destruction of yourself. Conventional psychology tries to do something similar by saying these problems are a chemical imbalance or a dysfunction of the brain, but both of those are hard for a person dealing with the illness to separate from "your mind or yourself is wrong." This is a terrifying idea that only gets worse when an illness goes untreated for long periods. When the only life you remember is depressed, if you work towards fixing it you find the things you like, the friends you've made, and the life you've built will pull you back towards depression. This overcomes all of that by putting you in a new situation and setting a new path for your life. The causes they claim seem silly to me, it's not far away from "of course you have cancer you unrepentant sinner," but some aspects of their treatment methods seem helpful. CBT has been shown to be effective in around 60% of patients, it's great that this method worked for you but this message is very rude to those who won't benefit from it. How would you verify it then? Do you have the coordinates for where the bomb dropped and recent maps of the area? A year ago we said that all ISIL soldiers had been removed from the area, verification seems tricky. You don't think blowing bits of a building in a twenty mile radius would cause cancer? Buildings are made of things like lead and asbestos, blowing small bits of a building over a huge radius seems like a likely hazard. Plus, whatever the hell the bomb is made of. I didn't realize dropping this bomb or doing nothing were the only possible options, the whole 26 day campaign with two wounded US soldiers they did last year led me to believe there may be more options. What reason is there for a war of aggression beyond imperialism? So what do you call a war who's aim is to install a friendly government and take over some amount of the nation's sovereignty? Our goal was removing the Taliban, and taking the right to police residents of the country, particularly Bin Laden, without the need of jurisprudence. Set up a friendly government, take over sovereign right. What am I missing here? > The timing of the test, coinciding with Pence's trip and a day after the military parade, would suggest deliberate defiance How? The parade happened as part of the "Day of the Sun," their most important holiday and when they usually hold a military parade and showcase new weapons. Rockets carry the fuel needed to travel straight up and almost nothing else. Attaching a ton of explosives to it and trying to aim it is a bit trickier. Besides, claiming the free market works because the country almost every capitalist state refuses to do business with has some problems is a bit of a joke. The parade they mention was Saturday, and Day of Sun is a three day holiday. Saying a test on day two suggests defiance still seems like a stretch. Starting the war for those aims is a war of aggression, removing the Taliban is setting up a friendly government, removing their right to police is a removal of sovereignty. Really confused what you're going on about, you keep saying I'm wrong but don't try to say why. They have two US air force bases, and we just sold them eleven billion dollars of arms. There is no question that they are an ally, there's just a chance that will change. Yeah, it is. There's millennia of precedent here and I'm not going any further to argue against "nuh-uh." The best way is using ZFS with parity. The founders birthday is the fifteenth, and it is followed by two days of rest. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/04/15/north-ko... "This isn't a court case, they had an iron-clad case for war." The only point of a cassus belli is to justify your war of aggression, if someone declares war on you the case for it is clear. And no, the cassus belli was not iron-clad. There are only three legal ones under current law. Defense, defense of an ally, and a UN approval. First two don't work, Afghanistan hadn't declared any wars, and the third never happened. That only happens when a range of telescopes point at a certain spot in the sky? It's possible, but by now they've likely ruled out most possible malfunctions. The script is barely necessary, youtube-dl resumes downloads when run again. If it's a regular thing, set up a cron job to run more frequently than necessary, if it's one time run the command then ; sleep 300 ; the command again Youtube-dl just does what you want 90% of the time, and good docs for the rest. If it has proprietary software and uses an internet connection, assume it is collecting your data. Both of your examples are things that have been common forever. There were germ theory skeptics, still are, that ignored the science showing how many deaths doctor hand washing prevented. And radiation healers were massive in the early twentieth century. I don't understand what people find fun about shifting, but it is not worth the pure agony of traffic jams. Let off the brake, pray the person isn't too close behind you, accelerate a bit, decide if traffic is moving enough to accelerate more, brake. Repeat twice a minute. Add in hills and snow for more "fun." I don't understand not noticing traffic jams. The sequence you need to do isn't hard, but you need to do it so often with a mistake chance every time. And no amount of driving makes snow and hills a non-issue. Winter roads are inherently more dangerous, adding just more pressure to an already annoying situation. A legislator from Russia's third largest party likely isn't that powerful, and he definitely would not have been when Roman was a child. Plus, doesn't sound like he was very involved, divorcing his mother and having three other sons in other marriages plus starting a business career. They are using ZFS, scrubbing is one command. Kind of, there are two main things that give ZFS this false reputation. First is an academic paper testing if modern filesystems still needed ECC RAM. They tested ZFS and concluded horrible things could happen to your data without ECC RAM. They found the same about ext2, but that was just a small paragraph people overlooked. So nothing new, but many people are unaware that other FS have the same issue. Second is a moderator on the FreeNAS forums coming up with a scenario where a ZFS scrub would wipe out your data. Developers and other people that have read the code said it couldn't happen as described, but the story was perpetrated on the FreeNAS forums and spread across the net. Aristotle's works were never lost to Europe, they were doing fine in Spain the entire time. This entire thing is a long propagated mythology that things were at their best when Europe dominated the Mediterranean. The Middle ages were Islamic and Chinese golden ages, and the Han dynasties equalled or surpassed anything in the Greco-Roman sphere. >I don't quite understand. The scholars of Europe did not have access to Aristotle's works. Are you saying that isn't true? Was Spain isolated from the rest of Europe during the Middle Ages? Uh yes? Spain was part of the Umayyad Caliphate and then various other Caliphates until the Reconquista ended Islamic Spain in 1491. Islam never lost Aristotle. Saying that Europe largely lost Aristotle isn't propagating the myth, repeating Hegel and Descartes Eurocentric views is, as is saying civilization is fragile when it survived fine. A lot of the reason the European's liked old things is that they could then claim it was European knowledge rather than Islamic. Examples include Aquinas commissioning a translation of Aristotle from Greek sources, as the existing copies were translated from Arabic. As for sources, yours only shows that Aquinas rationalised Aristotle and Catholicism, which is true. On what I've said, if you didn't know about Al-Andalus I don't know where to begin. Anything about the Umayyad Caliphate would be a start, or almost any modern history of the age. I'm also completely ignoring that the "Fall of Rome" happened in 1453, largely considered the end of the Middle Ages. The only controversial part of what I said is that they liked old things to avoid the tie to Islam. Al-Andalus was Spain, Islamic philosophy was heavily influenced by Aristotle, everyone called the Byzantine Empire Roman, and we are taught a very Eurocentric history. Sorry to continue on, wanted to establish that these things are certain. Don't want to fall into a new blend of scholasticism. 47 states allow Alford pleas, as does the Department of Justice. Though that is kind of how it was used in Echol's case, in general the prosecutors think the person is guilty but don't want to spend money on the proof. Avoiding huge lawsuits was probably why it was used in this situation. My experience has been that very few Chinese restaurants are owned by Chinese immigrants, most are from some other country. There are a handful of "Chinese" food distributors in the US that provide for most restaurants. It's more akin to opening a McDonald's. >The license only exists to give you extra rights you didn't already have under standard copyright law (permission distribute the program, under certain conditions). The license are the terms you must agree with or else you are breaking copyright law, if you ignore it and do things covered in the license you can be sued. >It probably makes it cheaper to produce the cell-phone if the battery is non-replaceable. From the manufacturers point of view, it's cheaper and more profitable. It doesn't help the consumer though, I upgraded phones sooner than I otherwise would have because my battery was dying. >Similarly making your software open-source probably has costs associated with it. In the current climate, yes. If all software was already free, you could save a lot of money not needing to repeat work that has been done. We ideally should insist all software is free, but not everyone agrees that proprietary software is unethical and laws aren't always driven by what is ethical. Easiest to tell with the chicken dishes, and even with the same food source the quality varies wildly. Chefs, amounts of ingredients, freshness and other things still influence things, similar to fast food. Distribution still doesn't have the greatest online presence, but here's one of the east coast distributors. http://nywtc.com This ignores the other parties, which can explain most of the disparity. In Michigan, other candidates got about 1% of the vote in 12 and 5% in 16. Even if it helped Trump win, labeling them "spoilers" just ensures that our terrible system will have this happen again. No, I can't imagine wanting either of those people to win. >but is unlikely to happen any time soon. It's guaranteed not to happen as long as you vote for the big two parties, making sure it doesn't is one of the things that gets bipartisan support. While I agree a win for a third party likely end with the new party entrenching itself like one of the current two, that seems like the best way to get a new party devoted to fixing this to emerge. No. They are the people saying I need to choose between them. Supporting either is not in my interest, they will not earn my vote by being slightly less abhorrent. From John Q. Adams' 31% win to Clinton's 43% win, it depends on what you call "close." >They were submitted as (sometimes secret) change requests by every president post WW2 and accelerated by presidents in the last ~20 years. They started way sooner than that, the first major one was the Louisiana Purchase. Basically non-Washington presidents have been trying to expand their power. > if the underlying process that generates those numbers are widely different. So stop the underlying process? Terrorist organizations aren't quiet about their problems, that tragic day in September was in opposition to US interference in their lives. If our goal was combatting terrorism, we picked a terrible way of addressing the problem. It's strange that they credit a holdover from the Holy Roman Empire days as being one of the reasons, but ignore the privatization of East German industry and the massive infrastructure investment after reunification. >To you these attacks are a valid grievance redressal mechanism? No, but neither is the "War on Terror." "Why Germany still..." All the ethnic cuisines aren't actually that old, and the period that they range from has been full of mass migration, cultural genocide, and actual genocide. Most people live in cities, and likely their only contact with large groups of Native Americans involves tribes lucky enough to have a reservation nearby where a casino can flourish. It's still a bitter ongoing thing in rural areas, where we take their children and send them to boarding schools for most of their childhood, robbing them of a family experience and robbing the community of good paying jobs and opportunities. This probably isn't the right place for this, but I grew up in the same town as one of these schools, and the more I learn the more ridiculous it is. They are a Catholic charity so don't have to reveal their spending, they've had multiple scandals for lying on donation requests, basically everyone running it is rich and white. Yet no one seems to care. Islam has never kept it's holy texts locked away where only the elite can read or interpret them, a huge part of the religion is an oral reading so everyone can hear it. And there never was a pope-like figure, the Reformation made Christianity more like Islam where either the monarch is the head of the church or the two branches are separate. This is usually the rhetoric of the "Islam is an inherently evil religion" crowd, who tend to forget just how terrible the Protestants were. "Defense" is the largest chunk save social security payouts, and it's the only thing Trump's budget suggests gets increased spending. So many of our problems could be fixed by cutting that in half, hell we'd be better defended giving that money to our "enemies" for infrastructure. And the only way it ends up being worthwhile spent on "defense" is a war. A more accurate synopsis is the US leads in tech because of a huge increase in research spending combined with strong use of the scientists fleeing the Nazi's and the Nazi scientists. Every world power's research budget balooned during that period. Spending more on war research without the near worldwide unity or the threat of destruction won't have the same effect. > but what they can't argue against is government incompetence. They can't? Governments are supposed to legislate based on the demands of the public. When you demand a stop to all nuclear power, the budget for the existing installations requires more political capital, making these kinds of events more likely. Oh, and there is renewable nuclear energy. There's a bit of a controversy over it, the petroleum industry has spent a lot of money to say that it isn't renewable. >They just keep redefining it to suit new information. Also known as "the scientific method." This isn't proof of a plan, life does anything to live and reproduce because life without those qualities would not be sustainable. Those traits could be accidental though. The plan also isn't consistent when you step back, everything from planets to the universe do not seem to be following this plan. >I can imagine some (smaller) companies not being fully aware of open source license specifics and unknowingly running into a lawsuit This is not a real problem until there are licensing trolls, where their sole purpose is to make money off of breaches. If a company receives a lawsuit, they can claim ignorance and start to comply with the contract. This would change it into a minor breach of contract, where they would only be liable for actual damages caused. Actual damages would either be nothing or fairly impossible to prove, so the lawsuit would likely be dropped.