I wonder if, one day, people will realize that none of this stuff really matters. Write and comment your code clearly, think your designs through, and comply with your team's conventions so that people know what to expect. None of this stuff (TDD, TAD, XP, Agile, whatever) is computer science. None of it is science period . They're all essentially shamanistic rituals which "work" by giving you a direction so that you can start writing code. If you find a methodology works for you, great! Use it! But all this squabbling about the one true path is nonsense. Sure, having an organization strategy is a good plan, and I didn't mean to imply otherwise. The problem I have is with people claiming that their way is the "right" way without having any legitimate scientific backing for the claim. Then go to the preferences and uncheck "Enable phishing and malware protection". There's no censorship here. They analyze the file and tell you if they think it's malicious. You are free to do with that information as you will. > Even though images like "13yearoldinabikini.jpg" are legal, they are almost certainly scraped from some unsuspecting teenager's Facebook album. Can you explain what you mean by "predatory"? I understand that it gives you the heeby jeebies. But what predation is taking place? In point of fact, nothing under discussion here is child porn. Child porn implies porn , and none of this was porn. >Today we are adding another rule: No suggestive or sexual content featuring minors. It's good to see that smut like Romeo and Juliet is no longer welcome on reddit. Yes, but it's an Apple with multiline lambdas vs. an Orange with only single-line lambdas. > which isn't really a viable point on a website It's a viable point on a website like reddit, which built its community on a no-censorship basis. They're free to do with their business as they like, but I'm free to feel betrayed when they do. >You feel betrayed when a site like reddit says that child porn is bad No, I feel betrayed when reddit, a community that grew because it did not limit expression that was within the law, bans "suggestive or sexual content featuring minors", which is way, way broader than child porn - an umbrella so broad that it even covers news stories about sexual abuse. >but I'd be willing to bet everything that you have a facebook account which sells you, your likeness and your personal data and you couldn't give a shit when they alter their privacy policies. I do have a facebook account, and the fact that I do give a shit about its privacy policies is why I basically use it when there's no other way to get in touch with someone. This is, of course, utterly irrelevant. Why are you even bringing it up? Two things: 1. They're not at all powerless to prevent it. 2. I don't see the attack here. The idea of a man masturbating over an image taken from an underage girl's facebook may give you the willies, but it doesn't actually hurt anyone. Virtually none of the crucial citations on that source seem very reputable; just lots of links to pop-psychology sources, and links to the authors' own books. Very sketchy. There was nothing illegal on them. All of them were very careful to make sure of that. Well see the problem is that we're not all smarter than we think. The Dunning-Kruger effect means that some of us think we're much smarter than we actually are. Unfortunately, 99% of the code out there seems to be written by people in this latter category. I disagree that the Dost Test even applies to those images. These were not "nude or seminude" images in the first place. They were, at most, girls in bikinis. These subreddits specifically did not allow semi-nudity. > There's nothing unreasonable about stating in your TOS that you can't have a subreddit the very existence of which breaks the law. That's not what they did. What they did was to say that suggestive content featuring minors is prohibited. I feel like a broken record, but I guess I need to keep reiterating this: Romeo and Juliet is suggestive content featuring minors. > You could download kiddie porn on /r/jailbait No you couldn't. Nothing pornographic or illegal was ever allowed on /r/jailbait. It might have gotten posted a few times, but the submitters would have been banned. > Dan Lyons suggests that my defending Path on this issue means, because we’re an investor, that we’re a paid apologist (and much worse). Seems to me that Lyons was suggesting that Arrington was a paid apologist on the basis of the less-than-full complement of scruples and moral fiber Arrington has exhibited in the past. You do in fact seem to be correct on that point. However, I do not think that your assertion about most of the images failing the Dost test is correct, or that you have adequate evidence to make such an assertion. I also don't think, if it were true, that that would call for a new, sweeping policy. The rule merely needs to be "nothing illegal", and then that rule needs to be enforced. "Suggestive content featuring minors" is just insanely broad. >However, that's not how it's been enforced, and I don't see the admins using it to remove those things This is a new rule. There is no "how it's been enforced". But if that really is the only rule needed, then that should be very easy to add to a linter. JS's syntax is influenced by C via its pretensions of being somehow related to Java, but I think it's a stretch to call it a "C-based language". That use of `with` makes me squeamish as hell. Also, on the topic of the "eta" function, it's odd that the author seems unaware of existing implementations of `bind`. That is very well put. It is a shame that JS got its scoping so very upside-down, because it means that tiny changes in code can cause incredibly confusing and initially undetectable bugs. `with` is basically an infected bandaid on a broken system. It seems like it's helping until you notice the smell. I think the really important point here is that readers need to understand that an encyclopedia is a record of academic consensus rather than a compendium of solid facts. The former is a useful but imperfect tool. The latter is an impossible ideal to strive for which will inevitably result in something less reliable than the former. >He needs to gather academic weight on his side. If he's correct then it should be fairly easy to accomplish. Well, not necessarily. Unfortunately consensus is hard to change, even if it's wrong. But you still have to try. If everyone who thought the consensus was wrong edited Wikipedia to reflect their opinion, the result would be a less accurate encyclopedia. > There are, of course, merits to both camps’ arguments, but, as with all things, reality tends to live somewhere in the middle. This fallacy is called "argument to moderation". A lot of the insecurity you mention is known as "impostor syndrome": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impostor_syndrome Basically, you know enough to see the gaps in your own knowledge, but you can't so easily see the gaps in others' knowledge. Edit: Actually it looks like I may be mistaken about this. There is some confusion in the press currently about whether a paid developer program will be required for obtaining signing keys. If not, this is only a minor encroachment of control. > This is a preference in system preferences that is pretty easy to change. That doesn't matter. It means that if I want people to use my software, I will now have no choice but to join Apple's $99/year Mac Developer program. Time to port to Linux/Windows. I wish Google would just embrace CoffeeScript instead of this. It's a prettier language, and already solves many of the problems Dart is concerned with. If you look at the stated design goals for Dart: http://www.dartlang.org/docs/technical-overview/index.html#g... Performance is a design goal, but it is not given as the primary goal. Of course, a cynical observer might say that the real primary goal of Dart is to give Chrome an artificial performance advantage over competing browsers, since that will be, at the very least, an initial effect if Google succeeds in promoting its adoption. Yes, as I noted in my edit, there seems to be some confusion about this in the media. Some sources are saying that you will have to be a member of the Mac Developer Program (which costs $99/year), while others are saying the signing service is free of charge. Here's Apple's own page on the matter: http://www.apple.com/macosx/mountain-lion/security.html > Apple wants to help you steer clear of malware even when you download applications from places other than the Mac App Store. That’s why Apple created the Developer ID. As part of the Mac Developer Program, Apple gives developers a unique Developer ID for signing their apps. This seems strongly to imply that a Mac Developer Program membership is required for code signing. I very much hope that their phrasing is merely imprecise, and if not, that they will change their minds and provide free signing. I love OS X as a development program, but I will leave it behind if they start down this path. > Google doesn't care if Chrome is perceived as faster. I think that's rather unlikely. Look at the five design goals of Dart: http://www.dartlang.org/docs/technical-overview/index.html#g... Of those five, the only one that CoffeeScript doesn't emphasize is "high performance/fast startup", which basically can't be a goal for a language without its own VM or JIT. It seems to me that focusing on adding this one emphasis to CoffeeScript would make a lot more sense than making yet another not-exactly-Java. > (well, apart from google being default search provider) That's a rather significant difference, you know. But control over a given user's browser has incredible potential value for Google. Controlling both client and server means that you no longer have to sacrifice performance in the name of standards compliance (so long as you have a standards-compliant fallback mode for other browsers). What that means if you're Google is that a visitor using Chrome can 1) cost you fewer resources, and 2) walk away with a smoother, more satisfying experience. Does Google currently take much advantage of this potential? I can't say for sure. But we are talking about a company that omits the on its homepage in the name of performance. Chrome does this, but IE does not. That alone means that a much higher proportion of Chrome users will use Google than IE users. Then factor in the relative name recognition for the two search engines... > Who gives a fuck about the $100? FOSS and freeware developers, I imagine. >You're building apps on a $1700 laptop while sipping a $6 coffee in your $2000/month apartment, for fuck's sake. Sorry, no I'm not. I'm scraping by on a laptop that cost $1100 when I bought it six years ago. My living situation is... let's just say that you're just a tad north of reality. I was making an OK living off of some shareware I wrote until Apple pulled the rug out from under its smaller developers with last year's App Store transition. $100 is not a hardship, but it is a significant chunk of change. Now, with that all out of the way, that's not actually the point. The point is what this does to people just starting out. Consider how much free/cheap software there is out there because somebody took their little weekend project and decided to pop it up on the web. Now consider what proportion of those people are going to take that leap if they have to pay a hundred bucks for practically anyone to be able to use it. Do you think any of them will be willing to put it out there for free under those conditions? > Those aren't the kinds of problems that CoffeeScript purports to address at all. Right. I think Dart's general goals are good, but I think they're wrong about how to go about it. I don't think most of the "problems" they enumerate are actually the obstacles that prevent their listed goals from being achieved. I think they are things that bother programmers whose thinking has been infected by too much Java. > Why would it be an "artificial" advantage? If Google successfully gets people to adopt Dart, but other browsers rely on JS cross compilation while Chrome has a dedicated VM, then there will be a period during which Chrome has an artificial advantage. This is a virtual certainty. Dart might also have real advantages, and those would be enjoyed by all once other browsers provided fast implementations. But initially, Chrome would enjoy an artificial advantage even if Dart was actually worse by design than JavaScript, so long as they could get a significant chunk of web developers to adopt it. My point is that getting people to adopt a technology that your product pioneers confers on you a market advantage independent of the actual merits of that technology. > Also, not quite correct, as far as I'm concerned. How far are you concerned? You might be surprised at how much programming you can do in a day if you work on two or more different kinds of projects. Shifting gears can be difficult, but taking a break from one project to work on a side project can actually let you recharge a bit for the main project. Mental fatigue is not just a function of effort. It's also a function of monotony. I really don't find that convincing at all. Default arguments are one of the most effective ways of removing boilerplate and making code easier to read and write. Bad programmers will be bad programmers no matter what, and copy/pasted code that the coder doesn't understand will be fragile or broken no matter what. The problem with this reasoning is contained in this: > to force programmers to consider the API and the values they are passing for each argument rather than silently accepting defaults they may not be aware of. All you will force poor coders to do will be to fudge the arguments until the code "works". This is actually worse than the default arguments scenario, because the defaults are more likely to be acceptable than the first value the coder stumbles upon that makes the function go. It can be improved by replacing "ruining your life" with something more concrete: If you're driving to work and you see a crowd of velociraptors just past the next exit, you don't change lanes to avoid them – you get off the damned highway. Referencing existing code is one thing. Copy/pasting that code, or writing new code based on it, without actually looking at the documentation to know what you're doing, is another thing entirely. I am always suspicious of advice based on studies of "what successful people do" because there is a high potential for false causality, and for inapplicability to other people's lives. I suspect that many of these habits of successful people are simply side effects of the way that their minds work, and that they may not work for someone whose mind works differently. Ripe bananas are yellow, but painting a green banana yellow does not ripen it. I will speculate as to how it might be that being successful is correlated with looking forward, even if that is not an inherent fact: the "to-do list" is a familiar, well-known concept, while the "done list" is not. So if you're motivated by the future, you have a ready-made tool that will make you more successful. If you're motivated by your recent accomplishments, you have no such tool - and you may even make things worse by using a future-motivating tool that is not effective for you. Like I said, this is speculation and hypothesis. But I will say from experience that it is often the case that person A has a habit that seems effective, and person B sees no benefit from adopting that habit. > If you make this parameter have a default, it would be easy to use this function (or read code that uses it) without even realizing that the function can operate in more than one "mode." So? I don't understand what the problem is. The very act of packaging code in a function is one that hides information about what that function does. And suppose you don't provide a default for the `strict` argument. Unless you're using a language with named function arguments (or an approximation thereof like Objective-C), you won't know that the `false` you see in the argument list means "don't use strict" anyway until you read the documentation. And once you're reading the documentation, this all becomes moot. > There is no indication at the call site what mode it is operating in, and indeed if the default value is flipped in the header file the caller could change behavior with no code change at the call site! Yeah, and if you reorder your function parameters, or rename your function, or change the "strict" argument to "lax", or an infinite number of other changes, you would also change behavior with no change at the call site. The solution in each case is "don't do that". Again, the act of packaging code in a function is one that makes it so that changes in behavior can happen independent of the call site. Sometimes it works to your advantage. Sometimes it doesn't. That's just life. > 8 years in prison seems overly harsh though Seriously, it's not like he sold a 4 oz of weed or anything. >You're making a huge assumption here that the way someone's mind works is fixed and unalterable. Well first off, that's not what I meant by my analogy. I was making a point about causality vs. correlation. Secondly people's minds are certainly alterable, but the extent to which they can be altered is not unlimited. Moreover, given a scale with A) altering your mind so that you can adopt someone else's habits, and B) adopting habits which play to your current strengths, it makes more sense to tend toward B when possible. > our culture has come to view death as a medical failure rather than life’s natural conclusion. Death is a medical failure, just like our inability to cure herpes is a medical failure. That there's no way to overcome the failure yet does not imply that it is not a failure. Fear of death is natural and healthy. Death is a bad thing. Arguments otherwise are borne of a desire to rationalize the inevitable. This article really gives the impression that Cuil was a bigger deal than it was. That's a lot of words to express "It's iDisk for Windows." Pretty cool, but I have to hit "return" twice to get a line to execute (but not "enter"). > some kind of bounds Definitely. I can give a lower bound right off the top of my head: twelve. There are at least twelve functionally distinct C programs. It's really coming together. Now if they will just allow autocomplete to search across all open files, my life will be perfect. > If I wake up in the middle of the night and go back to sleep... I feel like ass the next day. If you wake up because you have to, or if you just happen to wake up in the middle of the night naturally? > If you can use a local in-process data-store (sqllite, levelDB, BDB etc) you’ll be winning massively. Hold on just a sec. SQLite? Isn't that essentially equivalent to saying "If you never have to concern yourself with database locking, you'll be winning massively?" How can we be talking about scalability and SQLite in the same article? I have a lot of respect for Thrun, but the online AI class was such an unmitigated disaster. I feel like he and Norvig really needed to work with someone experienced with organizing and producing that kind of project rather than just trying to wing it themselves. Maybe it was just a rough first attempt, but I would be extremely reluctant to take part in another one of his online teaching efforts, or to recommend them to others interested in learning. Well, first off, there was the fact that the "whiteboard" consisted of them writing on notebook paper. Had this been the only shortcoming, it would have been fine, but seriously, there are so many better ways to present something on a computer screen than writing in a notebook under a camera. But what really got under my skin and ultimately caused me to give up on the program were the errors in the videos, and how they were dealt with – namely, by putting some correction text underneath the video on the website. This was annoying and frustrating to try to learn with even for simple errors. But it was ridiculous when the error was a single character change within three lines packed with newly introduced notation. The minimal correct way to handle this would have been simply to overlay a YouTube annotation over the incorrect text. Those would have shown up in full screen mode, and they wouldn't have required students to simultaneously mentally amend what they were watching while juggling new concepts in their heads. I was also not thrilled when newly introduced terminology got thrown around imprecisely in some of the videos, leaving the viewer wondering what these terms actually mean, and what the teacher was actually trying to say. I have no doubt that Thrun and Norvig are great computer scientists. But a great scientist and a good teacher are not often found in the same person. For that person to also be a good video director would have to be a miracle. Well no arguments there. So is your point that small sites should focus on small site performance and not try to optimize prematurely for scalability? Interesting. I'll have to check that out then. If they've really learned from the experience, perhaps we can write AI Class off as a prototype. There's no way I would be able to form a reasonable opinion about an online course given 5 minutes. I had no intention of "belittling" anyone's efforts. A large part of my purpose in posting was to spark a discussion and possibly find out if those efforts have improved. From what people have said, it sounds like they have. So it was by no means a waste of my time to post my comment. I don't know why you decided to be a jerk about it. This is presumably ignoring the battery capable of storing on the order of 10^32 kJ[1]. The steel is really the least of your worries. [1] http://scienceblogs.com/builtonfacts/2009/02/the_physics_of_... The thing is, there is reason to believe that these shortages are exactly what the DEA wants. Shire Pharmaceuticals has convinced the DEA that Vyvanse is the solution to the adderall abuse problem, and the DEA apparently doesn't understand that the American healthcare system simply doesn't allow everybody on generics to switch to an expensive name-brand medication. They're basically trying to manipulate the marketplace in order to force patients to switch to a drug that they expect to be easier to control. Of course, economics aside, Vyvanse is not a drop in replacement for adderall, and many people find it less effective or more prone to side effects. So it's also a good example of a government regulation that isn't in sync with medical science. >That infographic tells the story -- 50% more Iowan children need amphetamines to function as compared to New Yorkers? Why assume that there is overdiagnosis in Iowa rather than underdiagnosis in NY? >and the folks who need it will be fine ...if they have health insurance and Vyvanse works for them. No beds? Am I alone? I would be very interested to see you produce a modern website that way. >I'm also against telling people they have a medical disorder and need to take a recreational drug for it. Why? Do you not believe medical disorders exist, or do you just not think that people should be told when they have them? > And damn right Adderall is a recreational drug So? DXM is a recreational drug, and it is also an effective cough suppressant. Caffeine is a recreational drug and it's also an effective alertness aid. Cannabis is a recreational drug and is also an effective analgesic, helps in the treatment of glaucoma, and relieves nausea. That something can be used recreationally is irrelevant to its medical utility. >Imagine if we would see something like V12 in the future, a JavaScript engine running on nVidia CUDA. For that concept even to make sense, we would have to have massive leaps forward beyond what is currently even believed possible in the realm of auto parallelization. Can you elaborate? > No hours of effort to find good content among the trash. Yes, because there's rarely any good content on in the first place. You're just forced to settle for something mediocre, or not watch TV. Yes, but it could still be legitimately useful. Show me a powerful technology and I'll tell you how it can be misused, but that won't invalidate its potential usefulness. > So the only point in your snark comment was "you will also need javascript". Right. Javascript is not Go or Python. You will need more than those two languages. >Plus, you could even code your javascript in Python, with Pyjamas ;-P Please don't do that. There are actually some really good points here. I was bracing myself for the typical anti-dynamic-typing article that merely confuses dynamic typing and weak typing, but no, these are good points. I will say, however, that weak typing can be used to overcome the first complaint. For example, in Python, if you were to do apply a function that resulted in integer overflow, you would get an automatic conversion to long integers. (The actual example doesn't really apply in this case, since to make that function work at all in Python, you'd have to to make `n` a float, which would fix the problem anyway). Edit: And yes, I know that Python is a strongly typed language, but implicit conversion to long integers is still an example of weak typing. >Use specific names for variables, for example "value", "equals", "data", ... are not valid names for any case. I have to disagree. As parameters to short functions/methods, names like "value" and "data" can be perfectly appropriate, especially if those names correspond to types. > Not that different from using Coffescript It is pretty different from using CoffeeScript. CoffeeScript produces output you wouldn't mind having to work with if you had to switch to JS. PyJamas produces a tangled mess that won't play nice with other JS libraries. > or the Closure Compiler. Yeah, don't do that either. >I wonder what people did before we had all the fancy names though. They suffered, just like people with schizophrenia did back when we believed in visions and demonic possession. >But psychology is not a science. It's extremely subjective. This is about psychiatry, not psychology. Psychiatry is absolutely a science. (And so is psychology, albeit a tricky one.) The whole "secret formula" thing is more of a marketing gimmick than anything. > Letting "integers" silently overflow is weak typing. "Weak typing" is a broad concept, but that's not one of the ideas that it covers. In any case, Python's conversion of integers to long integers is not transparent. It is an actual change to a different type, which is an example of weak typing. > Ogilvy found that, on average, headlines placed below an image are read by 10% more people than headlines above. Since reading the headline is a prerequisite of reading the body copy, you’re losing a potential 10% of your audience if you’re distracting them with an image in the wrong place. Actually, you'd be losing at most about 9% of your audience. I know that's a bit of a nitpick, but it bugs me when people equate "not X% more" with "X% less". Also, to actually lose 9% of your readers to your headline position, you have to make the very optimistic assumption that you're not losing readers to any other factor. It is interesting that people describe their state of mind when placed under very stressful physical conditions as "clear". They go to great lengths to distort their perception of reality, and then extol the "clarity" with which they understand the world. In truth, this is no different from the perceptual alteration afforded by psychotropic drugs, but then again, people ascribe "spiritual clarity" to those experiences as well. Something similar happened to me years ago. They accused me of "click fraud". All I can figure is that a disgruntled reader decided to click repeatedly on my ads to get me in trouble. There really isn't an appeal process. You email them asking for details, and they reply with form letters. They do, but when you file a counter notice, you swear on penalty of perjury that you believe the original notice was filed "in error". IANAL either, but it seems like that means that if you want to take the most expeditious means of getting your content back up, you effectively surrender any recourse to call them on their perjury. It's not a bad start, but a clone of Photoshop it ain't. Yeah, I searched after it happened to me and found a lot of cases, including a couple of angry exes. CoffeeScript is great, but it's pretty important to understand JS in order to use it. They list those under "compound assignment operators", which makes sense given that += and -= are found in all of these languages. It's also worth noting that compound assignment operators do not form expressions in Python. So "i++" in PHP/Perl/Ruby is very different from "i += 1" in Python. It should be very easy to implement geometric hashing in CoffeeScript, which can greatly improve collision performance. That's not N! . N! is (N)(N-1)(N-2)... What you have there is (N)+(N-1)+(N-2)..., which is O(N²) I've heard others give the same argument, but I don't find it very compelling. There's no rule that says that science cannot be applied to purely human endeavors. We would not say that sociology is not a science, even though it is a study of a purely human concept. Science is simply a method of increasing your knowledge of a system. It doesn't matter if that system is the bare physical universe, the chemical interactions within a cell, or the flow of data and logic in a computer program. One unambiguous application of the scientific method to computing is in debugging. Your program behaves unexpectedly – aha! a new phenomenon. The lateral thinking hardware in your brain engages as you tinker around, reproducing the bug and noticing the conditions in which it happens. You gather all of this together with your existing knowledge of the system, and come up with an explanation for the bug – a hypothesis! Then you try to falsify your hypothesis. You might try to falsify it by watching a value in the debugger, for example. Or you might modify your program and see if the bug persists or changes its behavior. You aren't usually recording all of this on paper, because in this case you don't care much about presenting your findings to others. Others will be satisfied if the bug is gone. And of course, you probably aren't thinking of the words "hypothesis" and "experiment". But that's what you did, and that's why you figured out the bug. (On the other hand, some programmers try to debug their programs by poking and picking randomly at their code until they get it working. I would urge them to try adopting a scientific approach. It's not just a way to satisfy a teacher in a chemistry lab, as it turns out.) I don't understand why this is considered superior to using `new`. I guess it's supposed to be less confusing to those who try to use JavaScript without understanding it (and hey, we've all been there), but I don't see how it really helps. It doesn't magically make the newcomer understand prototypal inheritance. Feynman is talking there about things which call themselves science but do not actually correctly follow the scientific method. The distinction between "the scientific method" and "science" is meaningless, and the claim that CS does not qualify as a science because it only deals with something manmade is little more than elitism. Neat, but is it really that impressive? Instead of using an external plugin, the plugin is rolled into the browser. There was no reason to expect that would be difficult. The real difficulty will be getting different browsers to provide reasonably compatible implementations. > So, if we buy a laptop from vendor X, that might be based in some not-fully-democratic country Like, say, the US... Yeah, it's not like we'd be surprised to find out that the NSA, for example, asked hardware manufacturers to include a backdoor for government use. I suppose it doesn't open up much possibility for discussion afterward, but I wasn't intending to troll. I just think we need to remember that we don't have to imagine some undemocratic international threat to understand why these issues are important. > Can you see the LED flash when you press a button? No? Not even the tiniest amount? I used to be able to see it when I was a kid (it looked very faintly red), but I just tried it and couldn't see it at all. That's actually a little bit disturbing. > people aren't saying that "CoffeeScript is a priori somehow wrong or inferior or a bad choice". It may not be the best anti-CoffeeScript argument out there, but it is a pervasive one. The most common objection I've seen to using CoffeeScript is not any actual criticism of the language or of the various overhead created by another layer of abstraction, but simple horse laughs along the lines of "CoffeeScript is a toy. Use a real language." While the stronger arguments should be addressed, like the one against against adding an additional abstraction, I don't think addressing the weaker arguments is "missing the point". I would also argue that even if the abstraction overhead of CoffeeScript proves problematic in the long run, it would still be an excellent tool for writing out a functioning sketch of your project. The individual components can then, if needed, be rewritten in JS. And because of CoffeeScript's golden rule, that's a wonderfully simple process. And the award for most unexpected f-bomb goes to... Publicly supporting anonymous isn't illegal. Things were so much simpler back when transparent colors were always premultiplied. This is fascinating, but I'm not really clear on what role the electron microscope played. Did it just allow them to see where they needed to modify the chips to allow them to dump their ROM? >The above test is using Modern Pictograms and Safari. subpixel-antialiased is too blurry, antialiased is too thin. If anyone can find a goldilocks solution that would be great. Render the whole shebang twice (including the background), once with "subpixel-antialiased", and once with either "antialiased" or "none". The latter should be in a div in front of and aligned with the subpixel version, and with an `opacity` value of your choosing, probably somewhere around 80%. Edit: Maybe closer to 60%. Maximum length is the worst. If I discover that a service enforces a maximum length (besides simple practical limits like, say, 255 characters), I do not use that service if I can avoid it. You know when you see that that you are not dealing with someone who understands security. You've never had lightning take out equipment? I envy you. Few things are worse than hearing a crack, having the lights go out, and then smelling burning circuit boards. I just did this recently. It works great except when the pages you're scraping have JS errors on them. Nintendo's biggest blunder was letting Rare go. Whatever they needed to do to prevent that, it would have been worth it. Really? I was completely undistracted by the fact that I was watching CG. Obviously I was not fooled into thinking that I was watching live action, but that's not what it means to cross the uncanny valley. The point is that you are able to focus on the emotions and expressions of the character you're watching rather than struggling against an urge to warn the others... to protect the children. > It’s not hard to see how tDCS could pose some ethical considerations, though. Only if you're primed by your culture to blanch at transhumanism. > What if some students can afford tDCS kits, but others can’t? What if some students can afford college, computers, calculators, tutoring, study guides, etc. but others can't? This is one of the silliest purported ethical issues I've ever seen, but it consistently gets contemplating nods from those pretending to be wise, so long as we're talking about a new, scary technology, and not a mundane, accepted reality. Well I certainly didn't mean to discount your experience. I was just surprised. Why does Google still seem to love Java so much? The Olympics, while wonderful, are nothing more than entertainment, so the ethical considerations of "should we or should we not do X" are typically pretty much inconsequential. The ramifications of a runner setting a new record are, in the grand scheme of things, pretty much null. The ramifications of the average human being able to learn more in less time are relatively gigantic. So gigantic, in fact, that I think they dwarf what small social-inequity considerations are raised (if it can really be done for a $90 kit right off the bat, then just wait until economies of scale kick in). I don't understand how you can look at a $90 kit and call it "a new privilege granted to the top socioeconomic class". It's not a $400 smartness pill or a million dollar brain upgrade. It's a reusable $90 device that increases the benefits of hard work. I'd certainly expect that to have an impact on social inequality, but not in the direction of increasing it. Right, but that's part of my question. The point of the contest, from Google's perspective, is to discover vulnerabilities so that they can patch them. Allowing teams to find vulnerabilities in code Google doesn't control does not serve that purpose. Do you have a citation for that? I have seen no evidence that Google has any access to Adobe's source code. >I would be curious to see how that -- the graphics and text moving independently -- really works. The text appears to simply be in separate layers which move in from the sides along simple paths and then fade out. Students shouldn't be allowed to post on facebook from school. Beyond that, the schools should keep out of it. What students do when they aren't at school is not the school's concern. > Forests are, in effect, the world's air filters. Actually, the oceans are the world's air filters. Forests are a big proportion if you look only at land, but the Earth is not mostly covered with land. Commentlessness, hundreds of inline JS lines in HTML pages, and magic numbers, oh my! You should do some research before claiming that there isn't evidence for something. If you look at the wikipedia article on tDCS, you'll find a number of peer-reviewed citations regarding its safety and efficacy. I have not had much luck with this kind of strategy in the past, although I did successfully quit reddit by editing my hosts file. I'd love any feedback you have. I haven't focused on performance much yet (although I think I've made reasonable design decisions in general). I think there's some caching I can do on cubic splines which might be beneficial, but I'll obviously need to do some benchmarks to see if they're worthwhile. I can't give any really strong justification, besides to say that C-style constants make me feel warm and safe. My weak justifications are that I find having my constants declared in one place helps me to remember to handle all of them, and that it helps slightly with auto-complete. But there is a good reason in the case of the cubicTension constants: those aren't enums, but actual values. You can put any cubicTension parameter you want between 0 and 1. > hex math for gradients Ooo that's a good idea. Of course, you can use 3D vectors for rgb values to get much the same effect. I definitely want to add more interpolants. The only limitation really is that it has to be possible to do the calculation lazily. As I understand Fourier interpolation, this should be fine with that. I am less familiar with Chebyshev interpolation. I considered naming it that, but ultimately decided that the fact that it's written in CoffeeScript is irrelevant. It's a JavaScript library; it's meant to be used with JavaScript (which of course implies that it's meant to be used with CoffeeScript), but it happens to be written in CoffeeScript. And there is every possibility that it could get rewritten in JavaScript. Or it could be rewritten in something else that compiles to JS, if something comes along to which this task is well-suited. The implementation can change, and the name should remain appropriate. What will not certainly change, however, is the environment in which this is intended to be used. Hope that makes sense. Yes, that's true, but I feel that the nearest neighbor and linear modes are useful even if they do clash slightly with the name. You'll note that the default configuration does, in fact, produce a smooth function. Yes, but "smooth" also has a well defined meaning in everyday language. The word "smooth" is commonly used when talking about splines and interpolation. > I wonder if you have real control over the performance. In general, the mapping between CoffeeScript and JS is so trivial that it's hard to think of places where there could be a lack of control. Of course, if that were ever an issue, CoffeeScript lets you directly embed JS by surrounding it in backticks. I also had a bad gut reaction to CoffeeScript initially, and I won't pretend it doesn't have drawbacks; the powerful, in-browser debugger that it desperately craves still hasn't yet been written, after all. But it really gets right what so many compile-to-javascript languages have gotten wrong in the past. At the very least, it is hands down the easiest way to sketch an idea for JavaScript. I just never end up feeling like I would gain anything significant by porting that sketch to native JS. > For Fourier, given an N-dim vector you would compute the N Fourier coefficients in Nlog(N) time But Nlog(N) only works for certain values of N, right (like powers of two)? I guess for other cases, we could use the clipping method to dictate behavior, but that doesn't feel great. I achieved something similar in bash, in a terminal-agnostic way a while back. I have this script saved at ~/cdf.scpt : https://gist.github.com/2037421 Then my .bash_profile contains the line: alias cdf='cd "`osascript ~/cdf.scpt`"' Now if I type "cdf" in a terminal window, it will automatically cd to the directory of the front-most Finder window. That would make it even more important for customers to leave ISPs who have signed on. I don't see anything about "pair buying" in that article. I'm almost certain that if you and your friend split the cost of a DVD and then make a copy so that you can each have it, both the MPAA and the law see that as simple copyright infringement. > Comcast, Cablevision, Verizon, Time Warner Cable and other bandwidth providers According to the official Copyright Alerts site[1], the only "other bandwidth provider" that has signed on is AT&T. [1] http://www.copyrightinformation.org/about Well, `forEach` being faster than a for loop is more of a newbie misconception I think. It's not an unreasonable assumption, after all. In fact, looking at the `forEach` algorithm[1], it is not even immediately obvious why it would be so much slower than a for loop. It seems that the killer is the membership test[2] at line 44. What I don't really understand is why `i in O`, when O is an array, would be so slow, and furthermore, given that it is that slow, why `forEach` uses it instead of a simple bounds check. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Reference/Global... [2]: http://jsperf.com/for-vs-foreach/17 Helium is actually pretty much impossible to contain over long periods of time. That's why running out and buying helium tanks isn't a smart investment, even though it's currently being sold at far below its longterm value; by the time everyone runs out of helium, yours will have leaked away. Of course, in a thin, light vessel suitable for flight, the helium is going to escape much more quickly. I do not know if this would be an issue for a hydrogen balloon. Which includes 100% of freeware, and 99% of weekend "hey let's put this on the net and see if people want it" projects. Both of those things used to be a big part of the Mac software ecosystem, but they're slowly dying away. And if Apple moves forward with its apparent plan to prohibit unsigned code from running by default, while charging $99/year for the privilege of having your code signed, both will be effectively extinct within the next year. I agree. I really think it's practically impossible to be capable of writing CSS and still have difficulty understanding CSS constants. The whole idea of CSS is that instead of declaring your style inline over and over again, you declare it in one place and then apply it to an entire class of layout element. Every concept that is part of "constant" is fundamental to understanding CSS in the first place. It should be. But until there's some competitive pressure for them to do that, they won't. >I see 60TB is the upper bound for 3.5 inch, so not much wrong with the title, is it? Well the problem there is that it's a theoretical upper bound, which is another way of saying "we have not yet found a specific reason that 3.5 inch 60TB drives should be impossible with this technology". That is a far cry from "on their way". A copy-on-write file system still does plenty of rewriting; if it didn't, you'd run out of space before your harddrive was full. It doesn't notice and remove border-radius tags, which made the experience particularly weird. Eliminating the middleman is not the point. Avoiding the negative consequences of having a middleman is the point, and eliminating the middleman is merely a means to that end. If you can be a middleman without (or with fewer of) those negative consequences, then you're working toward the same goal. > Most workloads would take weeks, months, even years to write out 60TB of data Today, yes, but this isn't going to give us 60TB drives today, or even tomorrow. It's going to give us 6TB drives. It might give us 60TB drives at some point down the line, and it would be unwise to make any strong predictions about workloads at indeterminate points in the future. I did not say that iTunes was the answer. I said that a startup that offers inexpensive distribution services to entertainers and artists using this low-price, no-DRM model could be the answer. No, saying that you like chicks is not sexist. Implying that women are for getting beer is sexist. Saying that the presence of hired female staff is a "perk" is sexist. Even if you adapt toward peace, the transhumanist with the giant robot dong might have a reproductive advantage over the guy who opts not to be modified (I am making some pretty broad assumptions about the desires of women, but I think that history will bear them out, and anyway, this is just an example). That said, I don't think maeon3's "genetic transhumanism" view of the future is terribly plausible. Modifying ourselves? Already started. Flexible genetic modifications that can do things like giving us magic laser-scatter-vision? Not plausible. Here's a trick for finding out if something is sexist, which can also help you understand why it's sexist. Replace "women" (and "female" etc.) with "black people" and see if it suddenly sounds incredibly racist. You can also be really sorry, and have an easy time finding the wrong words to say it. It's a shame that being sincere and sounding sincere are so weakly correlated, while our monkey brains have us so convinced that they are strongly correlated. If you do this though, make sure you split at JPEG block boundaries. That means that every column should have a width divisible by 8 except the rightmost, and every row should have a height divisible by 8 except the bottom. Otherwise you may see a noticeable seam. People should really stop trying to have serious conversations on twitter. Something about that website cranks people's IQs and maturity levels down to power-save mode, and nobody ever comes out looking good. I think it's pretty hard to dispute that advertising modeling is objectification. The thing is, objectifying an individual who agrees to be objectified is not a bad thing. What is bad is generalized objectification. In other words, OK: that model is being used as an object for marketing clothing Not OK: women are objects that are fun to look at I can't really agree to the position that sexualized advertising is inherently sexist. But in the case of geek culture, there is a big heap of social context that has to be taken into account that makes it very touchy territory. Discounting based on a source repeatedly shown to be unreliable is not ad hominem; it is proper evidential weighting. It would be bad reasoning to say "because [source] says [claim] and [source] is unreliable, [claim] is probably wrong." But it is correct reasoning to say "[source] says [claim], but [source] is unreliable, so my beliefs about [claim] are virtually unaffected." Edit: of course, if you saw the original video, you should already believe it to be fake. An article from foxnews.com should not change that. And yes, I realize that this is only being reproduced by foxnews.com, and is not their original material. Still, "don't click [unreliable source].com links" is a worthwhile policy to have because the human mind is not very good at tracking sources. Yes, but the difference is that multiplication is a fact about logic, not a contrived interface to obsolete hardware. Multiplication tables do have rhyme and reason to them. We don't memorize our 21-times tables because as soon as we pass 9, we switch to a methodical system with a simple, general system of rules. It is pretty hard to swallow that something developed a hundred and forty years ago for interacting with box of springs and levers is a close-to-optimal text entry system. My point is not that what is old is antiquated. My point is that there were a tremendous number of constraints on the 140-year-old design of the typewriter-style keyboard interface that simply do not exist today. Even if the typewriter's interface were optimal under those constraints it would be very unlikely that it would be optimal once those constraints were lifted. The point is not that "contrived = bad". The point is that a contrived interface can be optimized, while multiplication tables are a fixed part of understanding multiplication in a positional system. On the other hand, you could argue that we could optimize our entire number system for learning by switching to a lower base. And in this sense I do agree that optimizing for ease of learning would be a mistake. If we taught base-3, learning multiplication tables would take one tenth of the time, but actually multiplying numbers would a lot longer. Analogously, I would gladly spend 10 times as long to learn a text entry method if it made me 20% faster in the long run. So I guess what I'm saying is that QWERTY should be replaced not because it's hard to learn, but because it can't possibly be optimally efficient. >In this case, you're suggesting we completely ignore the statement of a source which is known to be unreliable on a particular set of partisan topics, and known to be reliable on non-partisan topics (such as sports scores), when they are addressing a topic within the second category. Perhaps it is not quite right to say that ignoring it completely is "proper evidential weighting". What I mean is that it is a better heuristic than the ones your brain's native evidence-weighing routines will employ. And since it is impossible to completely override those instinctive heuristics, there is some level of credibility below which the best course of action is to simply disregard a source. The fact that we have limited investigative resources further raises that bar. Otherwise, I would have to spend all of my time weighing odds and researching the plausibility of claims gleaned from Prison Planet, during which I could learn much more information about the world by focusing my attention elsewhere. >(The problem with the heavily-downvoted grandparent post is more than mere improper evidential weighting. The larger problem is that it's boring and off-topic. Here on Hacker News, we prefer comments that add value to the discussion.) Well yes, it just bothers me quite a lot when people act like ignoring disreputable sources is some kind of sin against rationality. You could get a bunch of qwerty users/untrained typists and then train them to use randomly assigned keyboard layouts. Once training is complete, you have them type some long piece of text, and then fill out a questionnaire rating various qualitative points like tiredness. Finally, you do a statistical analysis to determine if layouts with more of Dvorak's purportedly beneficial features are correlated with higher comfort ratings. Of course, those features must be rigorously defined beforehand, and you must properly blind yourself when doing the analysis. Apparently not, since this was posted in December. >MIT researchers have shown, for the first time ever, that memories are stored in specific brain cells. By triggering a single neuron, the researchers were able to force the subject to recall a specific memory. By removing this neuron, the subject would lose that memory. That's incredibly poor reasoning. Using the same logic, I can "show, for the first time ever" that C structures are stored in individual memory pointers. This doesn't do one quarter of the things that I need from Photoshop just to get basic work done. I understand your urgency to upset Adobe's monopoly. I too have toyed with ambitions to take on that great juggernaut. But it doesn't do anyone any favors to claim you have a Photoshop-killer when you just don't have anything of the kind yet. As an ambitious in-progress project that isn't ready for prime time, this is a respectable effort. But as "simply the best online image editor" that is claimed to be a "variant" of Photoshop, it's embarrassing. It means "don't submit to authority". The anecdote told in this article makes no sense. The plain "Swiffer Sweeper" product is not used for wiping up spills, but for collecting dry dirt and dust. It wasn't until later that P&G introduced several wet products, which, again, aren't for cleaning up spills, but for getting stains up off the floor after you've used the dry Swiffer Sweeper. As far as I know, there is no circumstance in which it would be appropriate to pull out a Swiffer after spilling a cup of coffee. Perhaps the true story is that Continuum noticed that people don't use mops to clean up wet spills, so they made something for cleaning dry floors? Yes but what I'm saying is that takeaway is probably not true, because the original Swiffer isn't a moist paper towel and is not used for cleaning up minor spills. It just doesn't add up. You could say it's just an illustrative anecdote, but I think that illustrative anecdotes lose their power when they are fabricated. You can criticize the Mac Pro for being exceptionally overpriced, or you can criticize macs in general for being difficult to upgrade, but criticizing the Mac Pro for being overpriced and then throwing in that it's also "difficult to upgrade" is just silly. The main advantage of the Mac Pro over other macs is that it isn't difficult to upgrade. > Most of the OOP problems go away if you use more flexible programming languages or paradigms. This is exactly right. Even basic support for first-class functions makes a huge difference. There have been occasional posts around about classic design patterns in JavaScript, and the overwhelming feeling you get when you see most of the implementations is "Yes, but... why? " Well in this case, the conflation of race and culture is virtually a requirement. As far as we know, you can't do much really to bias an aptitude test in terms of biology because there is little correlation between race and biology¹. On the other hand, culture and race are relatively tightly correlated, so if you want to bias an aptitude test with respect to race, the surest way to do it is to bias it with respect to culture. A great example is Jim Crow era voting rules. Black people obviously are not biologically disinclined to be able to read, but in 1900, it was a simple fact of southern American culture that a white person of voting age was less likely to be able to read than a black person of voting age. A black southerner of voting age was usually either a former slave, or the child of a former slave, and slaves did not have access to basic education. So a literacy test was, at that time, a racially biased test. --- ¹ This is unsurprising when you realize, for example, that the combined population we put in the single box of "black" is more genetically diverse than the combined population of all the races we put outside of that box. Even though populations of different specific geographical origins do often have characteristic biological traits, the social concept of "race" is not strongly correlated with geographical origin. Your idea would be much more practical for French than Japanese. Even though there are some changes of word order and grammatical forms in Romance languages that don't directly correspond to English, the differences between English and Japanese seem likely to be irreconcilable into any kind of pidgin dialect. On the other hand, there are far more cognates between English and Japanese. That's true. I was simplifying because even without a grandfather clause, any literacy test would have been racially biased at that time. I would not put much trust in any encryption system whose source code I did not have access to. > this is one of those cases where a Bayesian treatment is conceptually much clearer Is there any other sort of case? I don't see why you wouldn't still call the address "noreply@" and then forward it to support. That way you're making it clear that this isn't really the standard route of communication while taking care of the customers who miss the clue. Nope. AI is a big, complicated field into which tons of man-hours have been poured, and you aren't going to stumble upon the "secret ingredient" with your vague armchair philosophizing about the nature of cognition. Look, for example, at audio compression. The last few decades have seen a lot of progress in this field, which lately has tapered off as most of the low-hanging fruit has already been picked. Now, say I come along with nothing but the most cursory understanding of how sound is encoded digitally, and say "Well, until we figure out how to give a computer the qualitative experience of harmony , I feel that we will never have truly effective audio compression." Would you say I was contributing anything of value to the discussion? Well, I think what happened was that this morning everybody saw that Notch had released the spec, and then about 1% of our ranks said "Hey I bet it would be a fun project to implement this spec in my favorite language! I'll bet that definitely nobody else is going to do this." Then that poor, misguided 1% set to work, and the rest is history. It doesn't seem to me that calling the address "noreply@" adds friction. It does seem to me that calling it "mail@" encourages your customers to put messages into a bin that has to be manually sorted by a person/team with limited resources, which may potentially increase friction. It goes without saying though that regardless of the name, you should still have somebody checking the inbox. This is true, but not all learning experiences need to be shown to the world. I suppose really I only gave half of an explanation though and did not account for how so many of these posts have gotten voted to the front page. I expect it still has to do with "my favorite language" though. I didn't mean to imply that it was. But I think calibwam has a point that there have been a disproportionate number of front-page posts today about these implementations, and it's just kind of odd. The general rule in the US patent system is that mathematical formulas are not patentable, and so neither are algorithms. But a device or system that uses an algorithm is patentable. So they don't patent the algorithm itself, but "a method and system". In other words they're patenting the idea of running the algorithm on a computer. Insane, yes, but upheld by current precedent. I had forgotten about Bilski. Still, if the courts don't listen to a precedent, is it really a precedent? Aren't JIT compilers technically pretty infeasible on iOS anyway because of security restrictions? >Apple apps (like Safari) can obviously do JIT compilation. I hadn't considered this before, but that means that you could potentially use JS as an intermediate representation for other languages in order to leverage Safari's JIT under iOS. Probably too inefficient to be worthwhile for any language that isn't a dialect of JS, but an intriguing concept nonetheless. This is actually an incredibly common practice of Google's, although in most cases they only make off with a few hundred dollars of ad revenue. I personally had it happen to me with a blog. They accused me a of "click fraud", disabled my account, and disappeared with the money they owed me. I did some research and found the same story repeated dozens of times. This has been going on for years. Basically, Google's policies mean that if you don't like a website which uses AdSense for revenue, you can screw over the owner by sitting at their site and repeatedly clicking their ads. Google will see the "fraud", assume it was the site owner doing it, and shut down their account with little to no opportunity for appeal. >The second paragraph seems like something one could test. I do not think it would be ethical to test it directly. But you don't have to search far to find people who have had their accounts crashed by angry exes. You would think, but I think they have always felt that a "tough on crime" mentality was necessary to inspire confidence in advertisers. This is a direct result of the imbalance of clout implicit to the long-tail/short-tail dichotomy of AdSense; Google packages a (relative) many dime-a-dozen content creators into a product (commodified ad space) which they sell to a (relative) few customers (advertisers). In addition, they can bet on content creators seeing the risk as low stakes (even though getting banned from a monopolistic ad network is anything but low stakes), while they can bank on advertisers seeing the risk as high stakes (which it is). A better solution is not to use cost-per-click in the first place, instead relying on metrics that are harder to game, like unique visitors and page views. These are arguably a better reflection of an advertising space's value even without taking click fraud into account. That's what Project Wonderful did, and it has worked out well for some of its users, but its model is also more long-tail/long-tail, which I think hurts its profitability. The reason that page views and unique views are harder to game is that they worth far less individually, while not being correspondingly easier to produce. Say I'm a fraudster with a thousand IPs and a well-anonymized browser. If I'm paid per click, I can easily turn that into a thousand apparently legitimate clicks, which, depending on how I play my cards, could net me a few hundred dollars. By contrast, if I'm paid per unique visitor, I can turn that into a thousand apparently legitimate unique visitors, which will very optimistically pull in maybe $5 (judging by Project Wonderful). Now, neither of those schemes are optimal, but just about any improvement you suggest for the unique visitor model will reap ten times the rewards applied to the per-click model. Consumers are not much hurt by false negatives in fraud detection. Consumers are significantly harmed by false positives because they lose access to ad-supported content. I would still be regularly updating my old blog and entertaining my readers if it were profitable like it was before Google accused me of being a scam artist and shut down my account. I did not say that consumers were not harmed by false negatives. I said they were harmed more by false positives. That is a reasonable point, but I do not think that Google's approach is the best means to forming a credible ad network that enables both marketing and the monetization of free content. A system with better communication, a reasonable appeals process, and some effort to recognize and address problems like third-party sabotage and friends who think they're doing you a favor, would better serve consumers, advertisers, and creators. The problem is that the benefits to Google of such a system don't outweigh the costs. Names aren't exactly unique. Well that's a relief. Now I don't have to feel bad about not turning that idea into a proof of concept. Actually you said that it doesn't matter in which direction the system breaks, which is preposterously false. >Please keep in mind that it's your responsibility to prevent invalid activity from occurring in your account, and this form does not absolve you of that responsibility. Perfect. So it's your responsibility to prevent invalid clicks, even though pretty much any way you can think of to prevent them is explicitly forbidden by the TOS, but if someone does click your ads a bunch of times, let us know so we can steal all the money you've earned in the last month and shut you down. > You're citing Apple as a company that's friendlier and more approachable than Google? When I had App Store review issues, they very politely tried to tell me what I could do to make the ramming less unpleasant. The experience was terrible, don't get me wrong, and they have completely lost what little confidence I, as a developer, had in them, but they were nice and responsive. When my AdSense account was blocked, Google put me in an auto-reply loop, very curtly saying I had no recourse and that they would never give me any additional information. They didn't actually growl the word "criminal" at me, but it was implied. Apple is absolutely friendlier, more approachable, and more reasonable than Google, and yes, that is really saying something about Google. >A given hash uniquely represents a file, or any arbitrary collection of data. At least in theory. It really bothers me when people misuse "in theory" like that. "In theory" means "we have a model that makes good predictions in some circumstances, but there are cases where it may fall short". But a model in which hashes uniquely represent arbitrary collections of data is a model which allows for infinite compressibility of strings. That is not a theory that merely falls short in some edge cases; it is a theory which is hilariously and catastrophically wrong. > It does not allow infinite string compression, because you obviously have to store the original data. Nope. Say you have a hash function `h` which guarantees a unique, 128-bit output for any input. Then `h` is a function which compress any string into 128-bits: If `y = h(x)` then it is trivial for me to write a program that will reconstruct `x` from `y`. I will simply iterate `x` through the possible input strings (which I can do because the set of strings is countable) until I find one that satisfies `h(x) == y`. Impractical, yes, but allowed by the theory, and that means the theory is invalid. Of course they can, but the point is that the time and expense is massively increased. Building a rainbow table to run against each separately salted account is way more work than building a single rainbow table and cross referencing it with a giant list of hashes to find some collisions. In general "as long as the reward justifies the time and expense" can be said about any security measure. Salting has another benefit too: it makes it virtually useless to find a mere password collision . Say, for example that I use two sites, Spacelook and Squitter, which both use a popular hash called SPARTACUS for their passwords. My password on both sites is "abracadabraSpanishFly_92@prosperity;". An attacker gets into Spacelook's database and does a cross reference with their SPARTACUS rainbow table. I happen to be very unlucky and my nice strong password has a SPARTACUS collision with the very short "a2e34". Now the attacker goes to Squitter, puts in my username and "a2e34" and logs in with no problem even though that's not my password . Now, suppose that Spacelook and Squitter had each used a different per-site salt (not good enough, but better) when they hashed my password, and this time suppose the attacker builds a custom rainbow table for Spacelook's salt and finds that my salted password collides with salted "fr-_9x32;". If they go to Squitter and try to log in with "fr-_9x32;", Squitter's use of a different salt will cause it to hash differently than my password, and so only my Spacelook account will have been compromised. "A given hash uniquely represents a file, or any arbitrary collection of data. At least in theory." Signing a petition is a symbolic act that causes you to commit to yourself the idea "I am the sort of person who cares about this issue". Petitions are, at best, only secondarily for influencing the powers that be. They are primarily for influencing the people who sign them. >Is there any evidence to show that signing a petition makes a person more inclined to take additional practical action? Yes, there is some evidence. In Chapter 3 of Influence: Science and Practice , Robert Cialdini discusses this kind of self-image effect, citing several studies including one in particular about petitions[1]. These kinds of "commitments" (even though they are not actually binding) really do affect our behavior, although the end results are not necessarily particularly issue-focused or predictable. One thing we can say though with some certainty: if you convince someone to sign their name to a petition that says "stop X", it will take significant mental effort for them to later decide that they actually support X. [1] http://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/4/2/195/