Few quick notes while I'm sitting in class: - 960 is 20% bigger than 800, and that's not accounting for the fact that the screen is much smaller, which makes a big difference in DPI. - the argument that the iPad didn't have as good a DPI as an Evo and people didn't complain then is a straw man. The iPhone 4's display is clearer more impressive, numerous media outlets have said it's the best display they've ever seen. - Have you tried using an OLED screen? You can't read it at all in sunlight. I know LCDs aren't amazing, but I can at least see what's on the screen and interact with it. maybe I don't know enough about newer OLED technology though, I haven't had a chance to play with an Evo - That's the problem with Android, or maybe their development team: they simply don't have the resources or smarts to focus on specific features of the OS. They couldn't get the color band processing right on a first-party device until 6 months after launch! Not to be obtuse, or maybe miss the joke, but how can you sometimes have a little less than 1 person working on one of the most important parts of your runtime? Sounds like a bug more than a feature to me. :) The quality problem with the App Store isn't that there isn't pre-approval – the problem is that they pretty much allow anything . In all seriousness, the experience of iOS developers who play by the rules, and even those who just push them a little bit, is Apple allows pretty much anything, even if it's low quality. There were some blunders at first, but they're pretty settled now. The last mis-step was the banning of 'widget apps' on the iPad ( http://www.macworld.com/article/151680/2010/06/myframe_rejec... ), and that was quickly reversed. (it's available on the App Store, go check) Philosophically, the idea that I have to bend over for Apple's approval is a problem, but in practice all they're really doing nowadays is making sure you're app isn't crashy, and doesn't link heavily against private APIs – hell, most of the time they'll let you use private API. Even that isn't an issue to me, because their private API is private for a reason – it's not done yet, and is subject to further revision that could break compatibility in future OS revisions, so if you're using it you're essentially screwing your customer. Your customer isn't smart enough to know you're are a lazy idiot, they'll just assume it's Apple's problem – Apple sold them the device, and the app, and made the OS upgrade. If they can exercise their power in small ways like this so they don't end up wasting engineering cycles like Microsoft ( http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html ), disassembling apps and writing special cases into the OS to fit apps that insist on breaking the contract of private API being private. The quality issue is separate from the approval issue. The quality issue stems from the fact that everything appears on the same 'shelf', essentially. Apple can't censor what's appearing in the 'newly released' section in each category, but they can and do feature apps that are good top and center in the editorialized sections of the App Store. There's plenty of people doing great work, making great apps, and making amazing money. iTeleport (interviewed on 37signals here: http://37signals.com/svn/posts/2421-bootstrapped-profitable-... ), has cleared over $1 million selling VNC software which isn't even probably the most 'popular' on the store. OmniGroup sold over $1 million worth of OmniFocus for iPhone copies some time ago (I can't find a link), and must really like what they're seeing because they've spent the last 6 months working around the clock on apps for the iPad (OmniGraffle, OmniGraphSketcher, and OmniFocus). tap tap tap earned ~$150k on Convert in it's first month almost a year ago, and they have a wide portfolio of similar quality utility apps. I have no idea, but they're probably clearing at least $250k/month with the expansion in the number of iOS devices and their portfolio over the last year. For every 100 apps that some crapware developer is pushing out, there is 1 absolute gem available. Another problem is, if you're not a talented developer, it's much easier to dump piece of crap after piece of crap on the store and just hope someone dumb enough to search for random stuff on the store and buys it. Personally, this isn't fulfilling to me, so after releasing 3 relatively simple apps in 6 months, about a year ago I started heavily investing my time in writing software that allows iOS devices to act as networked point of sale machines for restaurants. It's been a rough 9 months since I only have my income from the App Store and working as a waiter to go on, and my income from the App Store dropped off the map after I stopped investing time in working on my old apps. However, when I'm done with this, there's a possibility to make tons of money given the poor state and technology of the point of sale industry, and even if I don't make it, an app selling 2-3 copies a week for $20 a pop makes me a hell of a lot better off than trying to make money selling crapware at $0.99. That's not a conspiracy theory, that's completely making shit up. Apple doesn't appear once in the entire article. Previous comments by John Gruber on Google seem appropriate here. "Google senior vice president Jonathan Rosenberg published a long memo “about the meaning of ‘open’ as it relates to the Internet, Google, and [Google’s] users.” It’s the biggest pile of horseshit I’ve ever seen from Google. Basically, he’s spewed 4,000 words to say that “open” is always good and always wins, Google is always open, therefore Google is always good and will always win. And please don’t worry your pretty little minds about things like Google’s search or ad algorithms or the specific details of how its data centers work, all of which things Google could not possibly be more secretive about. Because if you think about these things, you’ll see that Google isn’t open at all about certain financially lucrative areas where it has built huge technical advantages over its competitors, and that’s not possible, because Google is always open. I really hope for Google’s sake that this horseshit artist Rosenberg is not representative of their executive ranks. Also: open is an adjective; the noun form in this context is openness." http://daringfireball.net/linked/2009/12/22/open Probably nothing. The 'Worldwide Loyalty Team' was at best a hyper exaggerated version of reality, at worst a complete fiction used for page views by Gizmodo. Ask anyone who works at Apple...although perhaps they'll just deny it because they're worried about the Worldwide Loyalty Team ;) Not to turn HN into a gossip site, but here's some dots to connect: Alex Payne quits Twitter, moves to Portland, cofounds BankSimple, an attempted game-changer if there ever was one. - http://techcrunch.com/2010/05/17/alex-payne-twitter/?utm_sou... "Wow. @banksimple just leveled up. In the last 24 hours we signed on four of the best engineers I know. Can't wait to announce the team." Alex Payne - 8/11 - https://twitter.com/al3x/status/20905067927 "What comes next for me? Something truly awesome and even more challenging then Engine Yard, but that will allow me to work from home in Portland. I cannot yet reveal where I am going to work next but I can promise it will be another game changing project and I am chomping at the bit to get started." Ezra, 8/13 Not sure the author understands even what he/she is addressing or that it even exists. Everyone involved understood that it wasn't using Java syntax/grammar that was the issue. they partnered with FourSquare/GoWalla, actually. there will be a full read/write API. read is open today, write is in closed beta. Erm, there's tons of alternate browsers. There just can't be one with it's own JavaScript parser baked in because of the ban on interpreters, and even then they said you can ask to include one in the latest round of SDK revisions. Or local notifications. In iOS 4 you can set a timed reminder locally without running a server as is needed for push notifications. That's how media works. I'd argue that some of the news stories that came out about him quitting over App Store policy were over-the-top hyperbole. I thought an iPad was for consumption, not creation. Then I found out it has not one, but two, complete office suites compatible with Microsoft Office. (Documents To Go, Pages, Numbers, Keynote). Then I found out it could completely replace my guitar amp, with 5 different amps, 11 stomps, 5 cabinets, and 2 mics. (AmpliTube, AmpKit) Then I found out it could do advanced photo editing. (PhotoGene, PhotoForge) Then I found out it could create paintings for the cover of the New Yorker (Brushes, Layers) Then I found out it could more quickly and easily do my homework than pen and paper could. (Penultimate) Then I found out it could completely replace a DJ’s equipment. (Looptastic HD, AC-7 Pro, Pianist Pro) These are just what I’ve come across in my relatively limited exposure to the iPad App Store, and even then only in my relative niches. It’s still more than enough to tell me the invented dichotomy of “consumption vs. creation” for the iPad is completely false, yet somehow, it’s gained enough hold to generate just short of 4 million hits on Google. So, next time some writer says you’ll need a non-existent PalmPad with a rumored stylus in order to do “real content creation”, or someone tries to equate a dedicated e-book reader to an iPad, or a competitor’s COO pretends their 9 year old “Tablet PC” initiative is somehow going to be better at content creation, using an operating system designed for a mice and keyboard, ignore it. They are relying on assumptions that aren’t born out from actually using the device and exploring the available software, or they are unaware of how young the platform is (it’s only been 7 months since developers were able to start programming for it, trust me, we’re only just starting to see real innovative apps released), or they are a competitor who is knocking on the iPad because they have to. My iPad has replaced my notebooks, pens, paper, laptop, guitar amp, PS3, board games, and books. It will only be able to do more in the future. This begs the question: why isn't an iPad a computer? I think code bases that use C and those that use Java probably solve very different problems, though. No one is writing 3D engines in Java. They haven't done that in forever...there was one high-profile rejection and nothing has happened since. Search for web browser in the App Store and see how many results you get (hint: a lot). For clarity: The other comment thread refers to the fact that the developer submitted an application that allowed the user to take pictures by pressing the volume buttons, which violates the Apple Human Interface Guidelines by removing the actual volume increasing/decreasing functionality of the buttons. It was nicely rejected by Apple, but then the developer did an end-around and publicized a URL scheme that would launch their app and enable the button functionality anyway – the app was summarily pulled off the store, and oddly enough it looks like the developer has disappeared off the face of the earth. (Apple ninjas killed him?) FWIW, the main developer over there wasn't well-respected in the iPhone community either. Not entirely sure why, but I saw him pick odd fights from the company Twitter account with other developers for reasons beyond my comprehension. You hit the nail on the head – if I was a betting man, I'd put as much money as I had on a 'surprise feature' of 4.2 being that you can use the Apple TV as a screen for outputting from an iOS device. Why do I think this? http://twitter.com/lllucas - Apple employee, apparently worked on Airplay (note the "happy airplay day!" tweet) Joe Hewitt (of Facebook) tweets "If only iOS apps could use AirPlay to stream their own stuff to AppleTV." and then lllucas replies "what makes you think they can't? :-)" Why might I be wrong? It doesn't necessarily make sense that an app could output arbitrary video data (namely, what we're all thinking of, 3D games) to an Apple TV unless there was something seriously cool going on behind the scenes, like using a H.264 encoder in hardware to compress the stream. If that's happening, then I would think certain devices (such as the iPod touch 2G/3G, iPhone 3G) would be incompatible because there's no reason for them to have an H.264 encoder on their chipset since they don't have video cameras. This would be an odd thing for Apple/app devs to try to support, because now you have to worry about OS revisions + device capabilities, and Apple's been fairly good about coming down on the side of keeping things progressing in software even if the hardware is too slow for it in reality (see the iOS 4.0 on iPhone 3G debacle) I think it's certain given those tweets that you'll be able to at least stream arbitrary H.264 content from your app to the Apple TV, but to be encoding whatever is on the screen in real time and also be putting load on the graphics processor...I'm not sure that would work. It's definitely in Apple apps, and I imagine that 3rd party apps will get it for "free" using the standard media player classes. The issue is if apps could send arbitrary video data, because then your $99 Apple TV turns into a game console if you have an iPod touch. genuine question (this sounds a little smarmy but I know nothing about Graph API or web dev at all really): How is it not easy for other web services to access this stored data when a random guy can easily throw a script on GitHub to do it? Erm, how long has Android been around again? It's hardly a rev1 product, and the iPad was "rev 1" under this definition and doesn't have the same trouble, and had half the processing power. I'm an iOS developer and an Android developer, and I'm honestly disgusted by the level of excuses that is made for the horrible UX on Android. It reminds me of 10 years ago, when the meme on /. was "The Year Of Desktop Linux is always Next Year(TM)". Do you honestly think they rebuilt scroll views and the web browser completely to get Android 3 launched? I know from my visits to the Verizon store to play with one that they hype it up as "completely new OS", but other than making the hardware buttons software finally, it looks and acts identically. As technical people, I think we both know that this is a revision of Android, not a completely new OS. More to your point - iPad ran iOS 3.2 - the 3rd revision of iOS. The Xoom is running Android 3 - the 3rd revision of Android. It's just an overall lack of attention to detail, compounded with the need for the OS to work on 1000 different kinds of hardware combinations. It's near impossible to describe without sounding whiny or silly, because it's death by 1000 stones, not one killer thing. Anecdotes: - Whilst using my Nexus S, it rings. I pull it out of my pocket, only to discover I can't answer it because there's a keyboard over the Answer/Decline buttons . Later, I realize I must have pressed and held on the Menu button long enough while pulling the phone out of my pocket to force the keyboard to popover the Answer/Decline buttons. But why the heck is this possible even? It vaguely reminds me Joel Spolsky's article on the Windows shutdown menu - http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2006/11/21.html . - I want to make it so there's momentum/inertial/bounce scrolling in a text view. This is impossible. Why? So phones that still have trackballs don't have whacky scrolling behavior going on for them. But the ListView has inertial scrolling. How the heck can I possible explain this to my client without sounding foolish or lazy? - I want to animated a cell disappearing from a ListView. Again, impossible. The solutions mentioned on StackOverflow ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3928193/how-to-animate-ad... ) (BTW, the Android presence on StackOverflow is abysmal ), in order, and summarized: 1) Rewrite the class yourself because Android is open 2) Some hacky drawing solution that isn't a good idea. 3) Wait till Adobe's dev tools get faster on Android. 4) Re-implement the class from scratch yourself. I understand now that Honeycomb has much better animation facilities, but we're not seeing that on phones. And when we do, the problem with carriers + manufacturers holding sway means whatever apps I build won't see any improvements on phones until Ice Cream is released and manufacturers ship phones with it. We're talking June or July at this point, right? For basic animation. That was in iOS 1.0. In June 2007. Couldn't tell ya. :/ I'll have to test it and get back to you. Exactly, completely understand where this is coming from - but why in the world is this a default!? How is he hypocritical? The problem here is Google employees have consistently and constantly pushed that Android is open and thus inherently more pure than iOS (see Vic's behavior last Google IO, Andy Rubin's infamous 'definition of open' tweet). Apple has never claimed to be open or anything, Google has, and they're not. He has never said open is bad for consumers as far as I understand it, I'd like to see where you think he has so we can discuss it though, I'm sure he must have said something that we both interpreted diffrently. As to your last paragraph: he's not claiming he always thought they were open. He's claiming that he knew all along they weren't - i.e. they were only allowing free run on the source code and everything as long as it benefited them. Which is what happened here. I'm fascinated with Anonymous' impact as a political group. As far as I can tell, Anonymous is just another term for technologically connected young people, which otherwise would have been single individuals incapable of advancing an agenda. Perhaps it's just me, but despite their misguided actions, I believe me and anyone else who grew up with the Internet is deeply invested in their particular brand of libertarianism: strong belief in freedom of speech, transparency, and personal property. Re: expensive products. Micros charges about $3000 for a terminal, we're charging $1500 for the first one ($999 for our app + $500 iPad) and $500 (per iPad) apiece after. Not to mention the iPod is really just as good for servers taking orders. Big features? Price, wireless connectivity, commodity hardware. I can't lie and pretend we're as rock solid as Micros, and I'd like to charge a fair price. $999 is low in my opinion, but not that low. Thank you for your feedback! You're absolutely correct – unfortunately, living in Buffalo means there's a dearth of local talent and bootstrapping means we really don't have the means. To be honest I took out more custom UI than ended up making it in because the people we tested with who were new to iOS really took quickly to the standard components and had a harder time with custom stuff. That being said, I'm hardly a real designer, so there's a distinct possibility my custom UI was just, well, not too good. :P Thanks for your feedback. I'm familiar with your work and you saying this automatically means I'm probably going to dedicate the next week or so combing over my UI and trying to make it better. You're right, we probably need to reshoot the video (it was made under rushed conditions with a version that didn't end up being our final apps, thanks to the vagaries of the App Review process), and I also want to shoot ones that delve into specifics. I'm scared to shoot one showing "action", considering how hard it was just to get the first one done, but we'll have to see what we can do efficiently that looks nice. It's key, I think, because really by far the magical part of the product is how easily devices running Ambur can link together and share data easily. Thanks a lot for your feedback, it's truly appreciated and taken under careful consideration. Huh, fascinating, my involvement in the restaurant business has been limited to mostly waiting and somewhat being aware of what was going on in the back end with processors, but I've only worked at one restaurant so my experience was limited. I had no idea they were gouging that much, we're actually looking into using iDynamo ( http://www.magtek.com/v2/products/secure-card-reader-authent... ) in our app, which would make it dirt easy to just pick the best payment processor and run with it. I'll have to drop you a line when we're done with that, probably in the next four weeks. Thanks for your feedback, and the information about publications, it's been hard for me to figure out what publications exist and which ones exactly matter. True, we'll have to see where we can fit it. You're right on the domain thing too. Square is great for what it is, but there rates are way, way, too high for restaurants and their app doesn't allow for 3rd party callbacks. I don't think they have much interest in "real" business to be honest with you, I've tried to get in touch with them on multiple occasions for at least information on them integrating a callback scheme, but I haven't heard a word back. They're busy doing bigger and better things though, god bless 'em. We actually do have integrated credit card processing (kind of). There's an app called Credit Card Terminal that lets us pass charges to it and then calls back to us with the charge amount and type when it's done processing. This is true...one of the UI things that keeps me up at night is how to optimize that login screen. Passwords are actually important to me because of that, and I'm not sure servers IDs are really a great idea, they just seem insecure to me (the restaurant I worked at constantly was broken because servers would figure out the manager ones) and introduce a whole host of validation issues that would be frustrating to deal with in this distributed system. We'll have to look at speed a bit more - at the restaurants we've tested at, my experience once it was just pure frustration for a server at first, but after 3 or 4 shifts they settled back down into normal speed for order entry, and it ended up being a win overall because the discoverability of stuff was faster. That being said, I know we definitely have room to improve. Thanks for your feedback, it's nice to hear from someone else who worked at a restaurant, especially one that was busy and relied on the speed of its POS more than one in Buffalo may have. Noted, thank you. Peer review of a website has the unique ability to make you feel like a blind idiot. :P Most terminals cost ~$3000, while the first terminal for us is $1500 - $500 for the iPad, $1000 for the app. After that, new terminals are just $500 since you bought the app already. Secondly, adding printers is one of our best pieces of functionality - it's just entering an IP address, a name, a type of printer, and assigning it to a menu item group. I'm not sure old hardware is the answer. It's underpowered, weak, running on odd platforms. iOS was designed for touch and to be rugged from the ground up, and provides a consistent platform that is essentially commoditized and is growing every day. I'm not. The app has multiuser functionality. Instead of paying $1000-$2000 per terminal, I'm asking them to pay $1500 ($1000 for the app; $500 for the iPad), and $500 for any subsequent iPad terminal. Compared to standard prices, it's a steal. Doh! Thanks, I don't know how we missed both of these. Thank you, this is stuff we definitely have to focus on, we're planning on moving stuff and adding stuff based on the feedback we received here in the next couple days. Aye, I do too at times :P needs to delve into the Javascript there and fix it up To the grandparent - what danudey said. The iPad is fairly water resistant at the end of the day, we've had a glass spilled on it (!) and it was fine. There's a database that the app allows you to email to yourself to backup, and you can connect it via iTunes and use Apple's ridiculously cumbersome iTunes methods of dragging files in and out. I'm not happy with it necessarily, but the attitude I have as an iOS developer is "let's see what happens in iOS 5 to make file management/sharing/backup easier, it *has to get easier...right? right!?" Think of it this way - up until recently, POS systems were monolithic things that were never updated. Web POS systems take the opposite route of just throwing out what you have and fixing bugs as they pop up, which definitely is easy. With the App Store, it's sort of medium – we can easily ship updates, but it might take 7-10 days. IMHO, it's not a showstopper though. If it was, then almost no software would have shipped before the Internet. You just have to rely on the fact that you're a good developer, with a good testing process. Aye, actually I ran into that a year ago and took a bit from it, thanks for bringing it up again, I forgot about it. The main caveat is, the article assumes that servers would be carrying around iPads - we've found iPod touches are more than sufficient and iPads acting as centralized hubs like a traditional POS work well. Yes, and yes! Core Data + Bonjour + KVO are absolutely magical, it's a truly distributed system, you always can see whats going on accurately. Thanks for your feedback - we'll definitely take that approach with the next set of videos we'll shoot. Server, four long years. My cofounder is an owner. Thank you! Getting more eyeballs on the site has had the effect of mostly making me feel like I'm illiterate and blind. :P Good call on point of sale, I had never thought about the distinction before. x, where x is less than 10. To be honest, it looks like it's going to be a lot of hard work to get people signed up and interested. It's a tough marketing problem: how do you get to people who haven't already invested in another solution down this road, even if our solution is much cheaper we're still talking in the thousands to switch over from someone who already charged them tens of thousands. The answer is to find people who haven't, which means finding restaurants that have not opened yet. Not easy work. The magic of the app (from an engineering perspective) is really Core Data + KVO + Bonjour. Sometimes it feels more bubblegum and sticks than anything, but it really is magical after all the kinks were worked out. I wish I could open source the framework, but at this point it would be an engineering effort to tease out the code and it's also giving away a lot of secret sauce. We'll have to look at speed, it's something I'm concerned about because we don't have a huge sample size. I know the restaurants we tested at got up to speed after each server had worked 3-4 shifts, but I'm 100% sure it could be better in several areas. Reshooting the video is probably the first priority after fixing mistakes on the site, thanks to your comments and a couple others. Thanks for the feedback, hearing things like that from someone really makes it clear what work we have to do and how we have to do. 1) Fair, but to a restaurant owner who is staring at Micros package X that is $15K for a basic two terminal + a few printers set up, we look pretty darn good. 2) Not reasonably priced. I know Micros does, but their handhelds are propietary hardware that costs in multiples of iPod touches. Their terminals are, again, in multiples of iPads. 3) Up to the restaurant. They don't get broken, them 'walking off' is an issue, but a management issue. If you have 3 at 5 PM, you better have 3 at 10 PM or your staff has to answer. 4) Certainly, but I'm not a big fan of that because it compounds issue #3 dramatically and I'm not sure any restaurant would want to do that. Also, it would require a dramatic 'prettying up' of the UI to make it more lively. Not sure you were asking seriously, but yes, since July of last year. http://blogs.skype.com/en/2010/07/iphone_multitasking_3g.htm... As a point of sale system developer (Ambur, an iOS app), the problem I'm seeing with all these solutions is that the good ones are end-to-end (i.e. the point of sale is manufactured by the payment service), and the bad ones rely on point of sale integration. The current division between point of sale and payment is that way for a reason, namely it allows for each to focus on its core competency and run with it. Square is a terrible point of sale for a business (it's great for personal use!), because they're not willing or able to built out a whole point of sale system just to satisfy the needs of businesses. We've had an incredible number of people since we launched extremely excited to switch from Square over to our product for some very basic features, such as receipt printing, much less things like managing what your employees can do in the system, maintaining payroll and separate user accounts, and a thousand other fundamental features that point of sale systems need to do to be anything besides a trendy, cheap, alternative. The other payment services have little to no traction, and I'd like to think that's because of just how well Square is designed. Unfortunately, until Square either decides to build a full point of sale system and work on selling it (unlikely), or open up to 3rd parties via some API (which I doubt will happen, I've tried to get in touch multiple times to request this and haven't received any meaningful response), I don't see it getting much traction beyond personal use. I firmly believe the POS space is ripe for some really intense disruption. Tablets (namely, iPads given that's what 90% of the market actually owns) cost $500 apiece, are easily accessible, and let business owners demo point of sale systems software right on their device, instead of just placing a call to Micros/Aloha and making a call based on specs and feature checklists, when those feature checklists include a lot of convoluted features they won't end up using. The problem is, even with the revolution of availability in the space, given the poor purchasing experience with previous point of sale systems, most business owners are A) not very excited to have to purchase a point of sale and B) cannot possibly comprehend a point of sale that can run on commodity hardware. All sorts of silly questions regarding reliability crop up. But, I digress. Regarding payments, I think that point of sale developers regard it as just a necessary evil that we have to roll our eyes and hold our nose that we need to integrate these payment solutions. We end up writing integration for each payment processor themselves, and each of their unique XML/SOAP/what have you APIs instead of spending time on what we care about. I would love for a user-centric company like Square to come in and just offer a usable API, but that's not really their gig and it's a complex situation. Payments are in need of disruption, sure, but the first person to 'win' will be the one who decides they're not going to go completely vertical anymore, and has a nice, full, API with a good accounting/reporting web service to back it up. At that point, I can trust they're going to get my customers the best rates and widest acceptance possible, and I can easily write integration for them and push my customers their way. I could care less about this and that detail about slightly lower rates, or gift card programs, or cutting me .005 percent of each transaction. I just want to give my customers the tools to run their business correctly and accurately at the lowest possible development cost to myself. As a restaurant point of sale developer myself (Ambur, an iOS app), one thing: OpenTable isn't a POS, it's a reservation system. I didn't see the conflation between sites and POS systems in the article, but I see it throughout your comment. Everything else rings true. We have to invest a lot of time into each prospect because they're used to buggy systems that have feature overload and as a result are hard to use and impossible to setup. We're selling at a ridiculously low price ($999 for unlimited device licensing as a single site), and we're doing well, but the time investment into each prospect is very high. I don't understand the meme that this is a move to encroach on Apple's territory. Apple could give two shits — unless Facebook decides to get in the hardware platform business, theres no way Apple loses any significant business. In fact, maintaining the best mobile browser means it's more than likely it'll help them sell devices. This is negative, and I know that it's not the most socially acceptable thing to do, but: this article typifies everything that's wrong with the fluff that hits Hackers News sometimes. ✓ Random quote from historic/epic source ✓ Exhortations to throw caution to the wind and just ship ✓ Gratuitous bash of unit testing ✓ Bragging about a quick, rich, exit to a bigger company It's not a mystery how it's being paid for – it's being paid for by the $600 the carrier pays Apple for your 16 GB iPhone 4S. Apple spells it out in Settings -> General -> Siri -> "About Siri and Privacy". I can copy and paste it, so I'll email it from my phone to my computer, and paste it here: When you use Siri, which includes the dictation feature of your device, the things you say and dictate will be recorded and sent to Apple to process your requests. Your device will also send Apple other information, such as your first name and nickname; the names, nicknames, and relationship with you (e.g., “my dad”) of your address book contacts; and song names in your collection (collectively, your “User Data”). All of this data is used to help Siri understand you better and recognize what you say. It is not linked to other data that Apple may have from your use of other Apple services. If you have Location Services turned on, the location of your device at the time you make a request will also be sent to Apple to help Siri improve the accuracy of its response to your location-based requests (e.g., “what’s the weather like here today?”). You may choose to turn off Location Services for Siri. To do so, open Settings, tap Location Services, and slide the Siri switch to “off”. Information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy. You may choose to turn off Siri at any time. To do so, open Settings, tap General, tap Siri, and slide the Siri switch to “off”. If you turn off Siri, Apple will delete your User Data, as well as your recent voice input data. Older voice input data that has been disassociated from you may be retained for a period of time to generally improve Siri and other Apple products and services. This voice input data may include audio files and transcripts of what you said and related diagnostic data, such as hardware and operating system specifications and performance statistics. You can also restrict the ability to use Siri altogether under the Restrictions Setting. I am the cofounder of a startup that builds an iOS/iPod/iPad POS Ambur, and it's absolutely astonishing to me to see people claim Square is doing anything useful for merchants. Their software is far too simplistic for anyone running more than a very basic coffee shop with tech savvy customers to use. Even something as simple as most customers demand paper receipts, and Square's functionality is taking basic orders, one a time, with no conception of any business analysis functions. That does not cut it for any business bigger than a small coffee or retail shop, where customers pay and are served instantaneously. no matter how cheap Square is, or how many brilliant designers they hire, they're not going to get into businesses bigger than this without expanding what they're doing. They really, really, need to launch a platform for people like us to innovate on. We're young, forward-thinking, and as an ex-restaurant employee I know how much CC companies and traditional POS companies screw businesses. We're trying to change that on the POS side, and I desperately wish Square would be less egotistical and let us use them to change the payment side. It would be tremendous for them, because it lets POS companies solve adoption for them, instead of them trying to engineer 1000 solutions for 1000 different types of business, and let's them focus on their core compotency - beautifully designed software for consumers. I am the cofounder of a startup that builds an iOS/iPod/iPad POS Ambur, and it's absolutely astonishing to me to see people claim Square is doing anything useful for merchants. Their software is far too simplistic for anyone running more than a very basic coffee shop with tech savvy customers to use. Even something as simple as most customers demand receipts, and Square's functionality beyond taking basic coffee orders is non-existent. That does not cut it for businesses, no matter how cheap Square is. They really, really, need to launch a platform for people like us to innovate on. We're young, forward-thinking, and as an ex-restaurant employee I know how much CC companies and traditional POS companies screw businesses. We're trying to change that on the POS side, and I desperately wish Square would be less egotistical and let us change the payment side. It would be tremendous for them, because it lets POS companies solve adoption for them, instead of them trying to engineer 1000 solutions for 1000 different types of business, and let's them focus on their core compotency - beautifully designed software for consumers. As a founder of new POS system company (Ambur iPad POS), I just don't see this as true. Most of the bigger POS companies might have reasons to maintain the status quo, but mobile touch devices are literally revolutionizing the industry, because it means there's opportunity for small players to build systems on commodity touch hardware, designing software that's actually easy to use and reasonably priced. Square needs to allow other POS vendors to use their APIs to truly conquer this space. Their system is currently woefully inadequate for anyone except small businesses with literally no need to do anything except charge a customer right away, without any paper receipts. That limits their business market to essentially small coffee shop or retail vendors with technologically advanced customers. That's a...small market, to be polite. Nope, unless you want to integrate with a receipt printer manufacturer, and now all of a sudden you're beholden to that - there's many technical issues because now you need a preferred router manufacturer too, so the iPad can talk to the printer. Sure, I've been hearing forever that they must be going to, eventually, etc etc. hasn't panned out and it's been literally years I asked them several times through email, no response. No, at least not on the iPad, and even if it did most businesses would see that as pretty backwards. every second counts, in restaurants especially, and essentially maintaining two sets of books always leads to trouble. It would be essentially impossible, they've essentially gotten the latest version of Obj.C. working (which is awesome!), but they don't have any of the frameworks from iOS/OS X reimplemented. The frameworks make the language, so you wouldn't be able to port any code at all, really. 18 month old? I picked mine up the day it came out, in early December 2011. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nexus_S Fascinating to me how histrionical the article headline is. I don't see a mention anywhere that this somehow competes against iCloud. If the article headline is correct and HTC believes this is an answer, HTC's leadership is braindead. Giving your users 25 GB of free storage is not the same as pervasive, painless syncing across every core service on your device, as well as giving 3rd party developers access to APIs to do the same. Nothing in the article would lead one to believe he didn't understand the distributed nature of git repositories, but a lot in the article would lead one to believe he was specifically referring to the data loss issues on GitHub if someone wiped out a project. You're conflating two issues here. He's arguing that the Rails team was ignoring an important issue by noting it was an easy end-user fix, and GitHub overreacted by suspending him after he tried several times to bring it to their attention, and then grossly mislead their user base as to the extent of the issue (which sounds like a really fundamental security issue that any professional Rails developer should know how to avoid) and how they discovered it (i.e. they didn't discover it, they had to be shown it). You're responding as if GitHub was simply being attacked for not fixing the issue. Aye, that's where it gets hairy – I (or anyone else) could write equally impassioned blog posts for making him their chief security officer, or for suing him. The article starts going down the road of playing Monday morning quarterback with that issue, but it's short enough that it's acceptable. Not looking forward to the avalanche of posts on either side of the debate, though. This line of questioning looks promising, but the post leaves a question unanswered: * Did the questioner notice the article was referring not to the S&P 500, but the Fortune 500? A ridiculous amount. I'm an outsider to all this (iOS developer with a healthy interest in technology), and the constant pejorative adjectives directed at Hammer combined with the odd directions to the reader to "find (strong options re: Hammer) on the Net" and the horrible word insertion in Hammer's mouth that's Hammer's "pissed at everyone"...combine to make this post seem like it has a lot more sizzle than steak. "First Take-Away" is devoted to "hay, Google implemented OAuth 2". That, as far as I understand it, is hot air because it doesn't obviate Hammer's original contention that OAuth 2 was impossible to implement without experts driving your implementation. "Interop?" is devoted to him throwing out a wildly idealistic idea, immediately followed up by him noting that he has no idea if it's possible. "Enterprisey" notes that he doesn't understand the enterprise requirements, understanding enterprise requirements requires expert-level domain knowledge (again, bolstering Hammer's point) and boy, those enterprise people sure are crazy! "Standards-Making" opens by trying to use clever wordplay that has the effect of making Hammer seems small for being "pissed at everyone", and an unwarranted defense of standardization proposals aimed at those commenting on the fact the the head of a standardization proposal said standardization proposals are broken. The most confusing part of this to me is that Bray wrote an article ( http://www.tbray.org/ongoing/When/201x/2012/06/29/Becoming-a... ) less than one month ago noting that "The new tech­nol­ogy com­ing down the pipe, OAuth 2 and friends, is way too hard for de­vel­op­ers; there need to be bet­ter tools and ser­vices if we’re going to make this whole In­ter­net thing smoother and safer." Yet, somehow he feels that Hammer's opinion is divergent enough from what he said to be worthy of a long sanctimonious, vacuous, article. I don't understand why Tim Bray is respected by the tech community, and after two years of following tech news and giving him the benefit of the doubt, I'm not going to bother anymore. He seems perfectly intelligent, but his tendency online of having overwrought reactions that conflict with prior overwrought reactions he had make it difficult for me to consider him anything but a bloviator. The overall issue with the diagram is, not only are they MBA buzzwords, but it's a silly diagram that has no meaning – they're dressing up 'things we don't want you to do anymore' as a technical diagram in a two-dimensional space that makes little to no sense. Begging the question a bit here, so much so that I was tempted to just post '?'. I assume you mean Apple, but Apple's checks locally for code-signing, it doesn't phone home. Which is what the problem is. Centralized software distribution channel != phoning home every time any software is installed on a computer. You are citing examples of the first, the second is what the article is about. I have one and it's completely fine. I saw quite a few, between WWDC and (too many) trips to my local Apple Store, and I find it hard to believe that the flagship model of a large multinational computer company is fundamentally broken. Just because the dimensions are similar doesn't mean the number of pixels is sufficiently similar – in fact, an iPad 1 has 28% more. This is a significant difference to a programmer. Yup. People are tired of the iPhone because a guy they didn't know died. In addition, their comments about Core Data multithreading are flat out wrong. The whole point of queued contexts in iOS 5/OS X 10.7 was to do away with the whole mess of passing IDs between threads. It works quite well, although as always, there is a vocal minority who never completely grokked Core Data and hate on it when they encounter bugs in their implementation along the way. Mission Control? Redone in 10.9. Apologies if their engineers work too slowly for your pace. Google Maps? Google didn't want to license their data without Apple giving them location data. Apple can't force Google to let them use Google's data. The next best thing was Google Maps on the App Store, which his what happened. Bad cell reception? Sort of a silly example, given they provided video examples on their site of every other major cell phone sold at the time exhibiting that behavior. However, they gave out free bumpers and extended the return period if it was an issue worthy of return. Also, they redesigned the phone _on the very next release_, the Verizon iPhone 4. This was unheard of at the time, and to this time, core hardware usually doesn't change on the *S releases, much less before then. You can continue to enumerate the many examples you know like this (sic), if you'd like. We already know – they went with #2. http://www.iclarified.com/43778/apples-iwatch-is-reversible-... With the exception of the light bulb query, these work just fine with iOS too – the thrust of his post is that these actions should be available without having to specifically request a voice interaction mode to be turned on, which Android requires as well. Shameless plug here – I build an iPad point of sale that does exactly that. It's called Ambur (amburapp.com). We started with a local SQLite DB, then built syncing depending only on the router functioning (i.e. no internet dependency, one iPad acts as a server) using Bonjour discovery, and I just added NAT traversal so people can still remotely access the point of sale. It's the best of all worlds! Now to find some venture capital... BTW, why in the world don't any of the other point of sales do this? None of the stuff that's required is rocket science, you need a Core Data maven, a networking maven, and a decent UI programmer in the same room and you'll get a ton done. Removing reliance on a server seems like a no-brainer both for clients with unreliable internet connections with business-critical needs, and for avoiding complexity of having a "split brain" across iOS/the cloud for the service. It seems like server devs are valued over iOS devs for no clear reason. Word on the Apple rumor street was that the display was supposed to be a full 3x 414x736 (1242x2208), but the display yield was too poor. I loved the homonym misuse of soul for sole, soul actually fits better for the metaphor. Why out an NFL player buying your equipment to facilitate illegal activity directly prohibited by his profession's collective bargaining agreement? The comment about it being okay to watch porn at work rang untrue to me, and I found a primary source that indicates a much milder story, that still itself was a myth: http://www.laobserved.com/archive/2008/02/words_of_chairman_... I have, for a major shipping product that requires extremely high reliability. The project is ~300 KLOC and about 10% Swift now. I'm so glad I put the effort in now instead of later. It'll be quite an asset over the next couple years, people seem afraid to switch from Objective-C. However, Swift is clearly superior in speed of development as well as code quality. An amusing oversimplification, but an oversimplification nonetheless. They didn't view it as a "billon-dollar secret", but there's clearly something morally deficient about being contracted to work on something and then moving on with a clone of that something. More like, my ex-cofounder created Facebook, so I rage-opened a terminal and typed in `mkdir facebook_killer && cd facebook_killer && git init` Check out the repo for that commit: https://github.com/IonicaBizau/addy-graph-hack Specifically, this tool: https://github.com/IonicaBizau/github-contributions Arguably, that's exactly what happened with Google in China. I think if you weren't ready to leave, you shouldn't have said you were leaving. They would be derelict of duty if upon hearing you say it, they didn't immediately stop any capital flow in your direction. It's shitty as hell, and I'd like to think I'd never do that, but it's rational, and people tend to choose rationality over morals. "Don't explain why you're not doing this today, just shut up and keep me waiting and complaining" What ever happened to civility? More anecdote from another ex-waiter: #2 was the complete opposite at the one place I ever worked, serving 8 people was much harder than 2. The variation in sentiment might have to do with that my restaurant didn't have runners, and it was an Indian restaurant. We did food delivery ourselves, and customers needed at least two things to come for dinner (an entrée, and naan), making it stressful because once a table got to 6+ people, you had to run two massive trays of food from the kitchen to the floor, as quickly as possible. Is it about the brand, or is about the challenges established market participants face when they're disrupted? I.e. Microsoft reacting to the iPad by trying to compromise and maintain two UIs for Windows, or GM reacting to EVs by maintaining two power trains? GM's decision is defensible IMHO, anecdotally, one of the major concerns around EVs is the "What happens when I run out of energy in the middle of nowhere?", and GM's approach answers that question handily. It's also shipping today at a price point Tesla can't hit. Engineering purity and the absurd performance a pure EV power train can hit aren't very relevant to the mass market. The Objective-C old guard has had a very hard time dealing with Swift. For a couple years now, every 3 months they have another blog post hand-wringing about what they used to do in Objective-C, how they can't in Swift, with the implicit warning this is worrisome and _needs_ to be reimplemented in Swift, or Swift isn't a serious contender long-term. Most of the of the community seems to have moved on, with the understanding that of course you can't reimplement performSelector/KVO/(insert dynamic, non-type safe feature that usually just bites you in the ass in the long run) from scratch, but we still have Objective-C that already implemented those features , and we will have it for years, if not decades, to come. Maybe Apple doesn't have to open source UIKit to prove their commitment to Swift (a short, albeit slightly unfair, summary of a blog post last week from another member of the old guard) There seems to be a general lack of imagination, and lack of understanding that Apple would never rewrite UIKit or other large, existing frameworks in Swift. But, once Swift is more stable in a year or two, maybe you start thinking about new frameworks being written in Swift, with Objective-C compatibility, instead of vice versa. Maybe you can't write Rails in Swift, but by god, why would you ever write Rails again? There's been two heavily up voted stories here in the past two weeks describing how awful it is to have a career dependent on a framework so dependent on dynamic untyped code. That matches exactly with my experience being pressed into service writing Rails code for a couple months - the development experience felt like the Stone Age compared to Swift, even if I could write a method ~20% faster. Definitely - it would be awesome , but way ahead of schedule, if they're thinking about a true UXKit landing with ABI stability and "finished" generics in Swift 4. There's definitely some nuance to this situation – I didn't mean to imply dynamic features aren't needed, or have no place. While writing my comment, there was a nagging voice in my head saying "What about Swift Foundation?" What I meant to communicate was that there's a histrionical air to most of the commentary that is unfounded. We don't need to be able to reimplement Rails, or KVO, or Core Data – we need to come up with new ways to solve those problems with an approach like you're seeing working in practice, a more structured dynamism. And for what it's worth, all of those problems deserve another try at an answer. They're some of the most tricky parts of the platform. Oh my. http://gizmodo.com/5846133/the-best-ipod-prediction-ever-mad... comes to mind. Want to put money on that? Say, 40 million unit sales a year within a decade? Nonsequitor. The crown itself has no interest in spreading Wahhabism, but they do have an interest in keeping Wahhabis happy to avoid religion turning into an enemy of the state, or even worse, the state itself. He didn't, that section is from the OP. What if the DAO invested in short-selling Ethereum? 🤔🤑 Why I used them: I was a little punch-drunk waking up, and the DAO stuff the last couple days has been a great representation of the worst basic instincts we share. I was surprised to see an informal snarky response stay positively scored. I was even more surprised to see that the emoji weren't stripped. As for the question you actually asked, how did I? Emoji keyboard from iOS 10b1 on an iPhone 6s Plus in Safari. Buffalo local here, going off memory; They received about $700 million from the state to build a huge plant and create ~3,000 jobs. - http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/26/nyregion/cuomo-bets-on-sol... There's an air of corruption around it because the AG issued subpoenas, but it seems like there's no real fire behind the smoke. Publicly it's been discussed much in the same way the Gigafactory is, an opportunity to own production and drive costs down in one fell swoop. Relevant quote on your conjecture about it being a poor decision in the face of underestimating supply: "Although manufacturers are starting to boost idle production to match increasing global solar demand, SolarCity isn’t interested in conventional crystalline-silicon panels. “We’re seeing high-volume production of basic panels, but not high-volume production of advanced panels,” said Musk." - http://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/solarcity-just-a... the OP's proposition implied that it is the EU's dominant strategy to cut the U.K. a punitive deal that trades off short-term pain for the long-term pain of dissolving by attrition due to other nations leaving. Did anyone actually say any of those things? Or anything coming close to those things? Or did you just invent a strawman to beat up on the media? "actors are called ‘grains’," If you can write a sentence "X are called Y", and X is more well-known, drop Y. "You can then send messages to the grain by creating a proxy object, and calling the methods: var grain = GrainClient.GrainFactory.GetGrain ("grain1"); await grain.SayHello("World");" var brain = BrainClient.BrainFactory.GetBrain ("brain1"); await brain.Say("WTF"); http://www.buzzfeed.com/johntemplon/confirmed-obama-says-the... https://www.quora.com/Why-does-President-Obama-like-and-use-... Solar City was retconned into a vague document that takes a mile-high view of the problem. This was unambiguously poor corporate governance, unless you completely ignore the business side of...the business? The Big Short gets into why it's misplaced to blame the big banks for the crisis, and calling them "predatory and poorly run" goes several unjustified steps beyond that. Mortgage lenders, like Countrywide, who were selling predatory crap to banks that weren't questioning Countrywide enough, and had an unyielding faith in house prices always increasing. More doofus behavior than knowing malfeasance, at least, that's what I got out of the book? Clearly that's a minority viewpoint, perhaps I should re-read it...:X It happened quite frequently in my hometown of Buffalo, NY – I think. I want to double check before I write up some examples, what do you envision that isn't a food truck, yet has no commercial real estate? Does opening a restaurant in a residential district count? EDIT: I remembered one of them was featured in the NY Times this week, that makes it very to explain :) They started without a store front, selling bread to co-ops and food markets. It became a cult favorite, then it became a staple at local restaurants and coffee shops. They partnered with a excellent coffee shop, Public Espresso, to do a food truck, and launched this beautiful restaurant, in a light commercial corner in a heavily residential district. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/18/travel/breadhive-buffalo-r... There's copious evidence that's public, look for how it's talked about externally. I think you're substituting a particular group of Twitter users for the public - the general perception is Twitter is full of hateful trolls and management can't be bothered to control them. Painting the situation as "corporate contributer-wannabes" and "IANAL but let's do it anyway" is loaded language that seems intended to bring up negative tropes. The first is sneering at the host of potential contributors, because the host is willing to pay the salary of the contributors. The second is not remotely backed up by the facts. They've hired lawyers, and consulted the community. The community's predominant concern was whether the new license (Apache2) would be compatible with GPLv2. In the "We are now in this year" link, it's explicated how they consulted a gaggle of open source lawyers, determined the predominant belief was the new license was compatible with GPLv2. But they didn't stop there – they had a lawyer draft an addendum to really ensure that! Not a good look. Fever swamp paranoia, and wishing ill on a series of people clearly trying to do well and address every concern. I apologize, I didn't intend to give the impression my post was limited to addressing Theo. I expressly avoided addressing an individual, but clearly that wasn't enough. You are sadly witnessing one of the darkest consequences of 9/11. It was such traumatic event for the entire society, due to its stark reminder that we weren't safe, and the modern world hadn't solved every problem, after decades of comfort. There's a feedback cycle of increased fear, leading to unrealistic demands to fix it, leading to "solutions" that are immensely amplified by the media, and the politician's justifications of the solutions. That leads to increased fear...ad nauseum, to the point that you could credibly do a "Exisentially frightening" find and replace for every instance of "terrorism" and "Exisentially frightening (noun)" for terrorist. They're increasingly synonymous, and terrorist is the one losing definitive meaning. I don't blame politics for this. We elect them by popular vote, and don't usually reward them for giving us a stern talking to, rather than addressing our exisential fears. But, they could have avoided the types of solutions they've trumpeted. Solutions that killed tens of thousands of Americans and foreigners, altered the way we live, and wasted trillions of dollars that should have been spent lifting ourselves up. The terrorists won. They've done exactly what we know they wanted: create vast fear in the populace, and impose high economic costs, with relatively small acts committed by madmen. Hopefully we start choosing more reasonable solutions, responsibly fund the ones we've found (the TSA caused multi-day delays in major cities this summer), and stop demanding the impossible from our politicians. Popular opinion about Middle East military action is tortured logic. You can't be mad about Iraq, Libya, and Syria. They express the full spectrum of action we can take — at least, as far as the general public perceives it. There's interesting distinctions, but few are well-informed enough to have that be informing their opinion. I was nervous writing that post, imagining someone would think of even more severe things we lost, that I surely couldn't remember everything while furiously tapping out a post, and they'd glibly refer to it as if I had forgotten the fall of Western civilization had occurred, while I only cared about money ! I told myself this was being far too fearful. Surely those reading would recognize that the absence of every other cost in the post: the lives of hundreds of thousands, mass surveillance, the Patriot act, etc, etc, etc, and recognize that I couldn't enumerate everything in a post that was already too long. I worried more about narcissistic performance art, someone hopping in, vastly exaggerating with statements like habeas corpus was rolled back! and I had ignored it, and that seemed unlikely as well. Surely this was all manifestation of anxiety, anxiety I have to address. Thank you for showing that fear wasn't unfounded. Frankly, I'm too lazy to find a citation, but IIRC (99% sure) revelations from Al Qaeda documents have included that they knew exactly what they were doing, and the plan was to strike fear and cause economic costs – they viewed it as a response to ever-decreasing availability of funds and a recognition they didn't have the backing of enough civilians or soldiers to do something as ambitious as found a nation. ISIS' founding logic was Al Qaeda failed, and surely that was because it wasn't ambitious enough, and not pure enough. The solution was to rebase on fundamentalism and use the remnants of the Iraqi army to create a safe space for a caliphate to rule. Of course, I'm offering absolutely nothing to back my assertions here, so it's fair to ignore this. :) Except hes looking for a small form factor Android phone, roughly the size of a iPhone 4s, not a phone that has to be smaller than a 4s. OP, grandparent is correct, I was in your situation and a 5X was perfect. Pixel and Pixel XL look like they'll be too big, but you should wait for the October 4th event to confirm. It's impossible to respond to your post with a response involving reason, you're not appealing to reason. You made an unfounded assertion, with a scolding for not enumerating your unfounded assertion in my list of consequences of 9/11. This list is no list – it's literally two items that I had chosen specifically for that paragraph because A) they were important to my reasoning B) they were the two explicit goals of al Qaeda operations, decided upon as the best strategy after increasing scare resources limited potential scope of operations, and lack of appetite to become a religious nation-state. When called on your unfounded assertion and scolding, you attempted to take a step back. You sarcastically mocked my defense, by conflating the time I took to write a long post, with me taking time to write a long list of absolutely every cost to humanity after 9/11. You claimed my response was really just imaginary concerns and a personal attack, complained I didn't engage your unfounded assertion, and posted two pages of the table of contents of an unidentified book. I spent ~10 minutes trying to learn more about the author and his assertions, and couldn't find any information on Google that would remotely shed light on your unfounded assertion. Even if I had, it doesn't change anything. The most charitable version of the only argument you've offered is I'm callous to care more about trillion of dollars in economics consequences that our fundamental rights as a society. That's not what happened. All that happened is I built the paragraph around mentioning al Qaeda's only two explicitly goals, and that they had accomplished them at level beyond their wildest imagination. At the end, I'm thinking, this was utterly a waste of time for the both of us, except you've gotten to engage me two posts in a row now. That's usually the mark of a troll. You sound unfamiliar with Ian Gibbons' role in the situation. He was Therano's chief scientist for 8 years. It's hard to envision how Holmes could have ignored his concerns simply because the rest of her echo chamber was positive, short of God herself fêting Holmes. For more info on Ian: http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/09/elizabeth-holmes-ther... The quote is irrelevant, we certainly know she didn't listen to concerns! :) The thread you started is about the thesis that she was in an echo chamber of positive thinking due to her being "pretty", and I'm specifically addressing your attempt to defend it by noting that once Kissinger made Holmes feel like Wile E. Coyote, she wouldn't listen to some punk. All the reporting indicates Kissinger wasn't involved, and that she ignored even her chief scientist's grave concerns. It wasn't just "some punk", and she wasn't getting a pass from everyone because she was pretty. My anecdata matches the author's - I feel more productive doing TDD. Perhaps because it's less stressful. You think about system design as you code, instead of only when you hit a wall and have to rewrite everything, or when you have to clean up for code review. Either way, if it has little to no compact on dev team or code quality, I bet the positive impact TDD has on team morale would make it worthwhile. I was under the impression banks are happy to get 5-10% profit margin these days, is there a distinction between operating margin and profit margin that explains that? It's fun being a free rider! A vast majority of these claims are extraordinary and have no sourcing. Source on using government as her personal piggy bank? I had to find the emails the first article references by myself because they didn't link to them. I was drawn to because the pull quotes sounded out of context, and they are. The emails referenced dont say nearly what the article claims, it's extremely unclear how they came to their conclusion. The second article you cite expressly avoids saying any preferential treatment was received, and notes the donation was unsolicited. What major conflicts of interest involved Russia and Haiti? Both of those are a contradiction in terms - at what point would Clinton have multiple interests in them? The 33k emails are gone, so I can't read them. You note they show her direct involvement. Direct involvement in what? How do you have access to the emails? Have you considered leaking them? You're iterating your talking points without explaining the previous state of them, so it's very tiring, so I have no interest in participating. None of my questions have been answered :( Your post reads as picking at my the wording of my questions because you feel it betrays sympathy for people who disagree with you, and it's bundled with even more extraordinary claims. Before reading the following, please consider that I genuinely wish you well and think you're making an honest effort at staying out of ideological swamps. There's no need to feel that I'm judging you or your choice of sourcing, I'm only curious about this subject and genuinely want to learn more, so I'm trying to find more source material. When no charges are bought after 4 years under a president and attorney general who have been thirsting to try her for anything , I hope you reconsider the fever swamp of information we've been discussing. These...news...sites contradict their own sources, and from the research I've done and the form of your answers, it seems impossible to find justification for their extraordinary claims. You're correct, in fact, it warns explicitly assinging a datetime unless it _has_ to be done by then. That being said, the biggest reason my GTD practice fails is I rarely spend time getting things done, but instead end up grooming an ever-growing to-do list. Assigning datetimes to trigger reminders is tempting... It's absolutely untrue that the lunches are about saving time. Please note the work/life balance commentary in the article. You're jumping to high-minded ideological explanations that confirm your bias based on facts you've unilaterally created. Does that formula, beyond being about as reliable, apply to the iPhone? It seemed the gate was if it was much more convenient. It's a nod to Siri requiring the app name, Siri API was punted from iOS 9 to add that, it was considered a privacy risk. I don't agree FWIW. Yeah, grandparent is spam: https://techcrunch.com/2016/06/07/lending-robot-makes-lendin... You're the only one linking these two ideas together. The article expressly separates discussion of how Samsung gathered data to inform their filesystem design from discussion about Motorola's fsync implementation, and they're inherently separate concepts. 6 of your former security officers say this isn't true, and that the company ignored warnings about the information being available. It's hard to come up with a way to rationalize the above comment, when the comment is in the discussion of an article showing you're, at best, naïve. "Waymo stands for a new way forward in mobility." Does that imply my USB C battery won't work with my new MacBook Pro? :( http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/semiconductors/optoelectr... The comment doesn't come off as snarky, but instead a milder version of the content of the article. Namely: I don't agree with Go marketing their GC as if it magically provides no trade offs. Since reading the original design doc for it, I've assumed that Google was simply lazy/didn't care about Android, because the Android GC didn't provide this magic. Apologies for the brusque contrarianism, but this simply isn't true. I spent hours pouring over all the material they published when starting on this journey, because I was astounded that a team with a reputation for purposely avoiding groundbreaking work in favor of productivity today, had done something truly groundbreaking. It wasn't remotely clear that the advancement here was "We don't provide settings, because we're guesstimating your workload matches the standard Go use case!", and all the histrionics further masked this truth. At this point I'm just repeating the article, though. :) Yeesh. Good luck.[1] [1]: https://www.google.com/get/sunroof#p=0 A tremendous yawp of a LOL, thank you :-) ...I hate to be aggressive here, but did you read the darn article? It's the reason we're even on this page, and it directly addresses your point. That's even underselling it, the entire purpose of the article is to ask and answer your point. I walked away with the impression that trends couldn't be extrapolated, thanks to various snippets from the article, but there's no pull quote that clearly proves it, so, sure. The noise problem you brought up apropos of nothing. You're responding to a comment responding to a comment that had concerns that were already addressed by the article, to let me know your concerns weren't addressed by the article. Surely there's a better place in the comment hierarchy for this? You'll get ignored down here. Depressing. Is there any reason to think Putin's strategies are unsustainable? The Syrian atrocities. Sabre-rattling destabilizing Estonia. http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/12/trump-russia-... You have invented a straw man. The parent was referring to activity such as draining resources and stoking fears in the populace of Estonia. See http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/12/trump-russia-... . Also, Russia's backing of Assad in Syria propped up a dictator assaulting civilians with banned chemical weapons and lead to the deaths of hundreds of thousands, and a refugee crisis that disrupted a continent. You extrapolated a particular interpretation of my comment into a bizarre straw man (how in the world does the US being afloat justify the acts I named? Completely invalid argumentation), downvoted me, and put me down. I'm not sure there's much charitable behavior occuring here, but I upvoted you across the board. :) Troll away, good sir! It's complete non-sequitor - noting that all countries do bad things doesn't have any relation to wanting countries who commit bad things to have less resources. I'm guessing you're attempting to claim that I'm saying that all countries should have less resources, thus making my point moot, but that would require me not believing all countries should have less resources, which requires you guessing about my state of mind to prop up a straw man. Bwah? Anyways, the whole thing is obviated by the larger category of error: black and white thinking on your part. The context of the atrocities matters. Yeesh. And you're trying to claim that any misrepresentation of these atrocities happening validates the atrocities altogether. Hundreds of thousands of innocents died, the way it happened is irrelevant to the claim it was an atrocity. You're incredibly rude, short sighted, and all your huffing and puffing amounts to is a poor utilitarian defense of a horribly executed demonetization. Sorry to be brash, but I'm appalled at your behavior and I'm about to walk into work so there's no time to dance around the facts. Over time, it seemed to me there was a strong correlation between the technical expertise of my co-workers and their ability to neuter anti-social behavior. To be fair, I went from poorly funded startups and contracting work to BigCo. Is it sensical to accuse the entirety of HN of spinning all Uber stories negatively, and then in the next sentence note Uber doesn't talk about what it does for drivers, implying you understand that HN's perspective is primarily influenced by reams of rigorous work showing Uber drivers have a very precarious position? The insanely high star requirements (What is it, 4.4? 4.8?) are more than enough to doubt Uber's charity, especially when your PR department focuses on spinning intentionally breaking laws as a crusade for everyone's rights, instead of communicating all the wonderful things done for drivers. Imagine if Apple removed apps with lower than a 4.5 star rating, and then an Apple employee commented on Apple's unambiguously helpful response to a national crisis by immediately trashing HN and crowing about all the secret wonderful things Apple does for developers. What is upstream? Alas, poor Yorick! For later viewers who won't understand the down votes, because comments have relative times after an hour: this is a content-free quibble over who deserves credit, the grandparent, who linked an original source with a perfectly pulled quote, or the parent, who "guessed" 4 minutes later. I explicitly said parent and grandparent, and frankly, it's helpful to point out toxic behavior, it encourages down votes. This is reaching quite a bit. I'm the stereotype mentioned, but I only exhibit ~30% of the traits treated as universal. The author's self-conception, and conception of the groups they partake in, isn't enough to support anything after the first couple sentences. After 3 years in Swift, the only clear drawback outside compile times, is exactly this. It's a real shock coming from Objective-C. Ad hoc name-spacing by prefixing classes, and a language/core framework that's been stable for 30 years, made it extremely easy to Google and get an accurate answer immediately. Moving to a language that adds major features twice a year, and invalidated large swaths of code by mass-renaming Cocoa in Swift 3, has made it much harder to find correct material One can insert arbitrary data into JPGs. Given that, the researchers embedded a JPG in a PDF, and manipulated the arbitrary data until it resulted in a collision. It's heavily used now. Works very well. How laudable is this, really? I've had the privilege of either working for myself, the company that acquired mine and let me run the dev, or at Google. From that perspective, and what I understand about ops, the rarity is not having the attitude mentioned in the parent. No Beautiful. "Elon said..." has started enough apologies for Tesla's poor judgement that I've become numb to it. They're all of the form "while it may look like we're weak, actually ...(poorly reasoned explanation for the weakness)", and it has been going on for years. I hope they figure out car production by 2019. My instincts feel that way, but Apple Music announced they crossed 20 million paid users in 12/2016, 40% of Spotify's 50+ million. Anecdotally, discover weekly is a tremendous hit. Makes you wish for functional public capital markets so we knew the real story. mxcl hasn't worked at Apple in quite a while. I'm not sure Apple would ever give him marching orders on an open source project that he wasn't "much involved in...in years", including years before his Apple employment. Really? I'm very surprised anyone would blame malfeasance on anatomy. With ~infinite inventory, there's ~infinite demand for ads, even crap ones that barely monetize. The whole "relying on an open standards organization" bit. I'm not sure offering prime position to a relatively random tech foundation that Google donates to will play better than relying on an independent advertising industry group. Given. A choice between indiscriminate regulation by a foundation of my industry, and an independent organization of an industry choosing to self-regulate, companies should prefer the second. It doesn't require Android's death, just the end of it being able to piggyback on the balance sheet of another, arguably independent, division. In this case, that would mean forcing Android to become independently profitable, rather than a way for GoogleWebApps Inc. to "monopolize" internet endpoints on billions of devices. I think they're referring to Keychain items surviving an app deletion. That quietly stopped working in a recent iOS update. One implies the other, so in this unholy pedantic discussion, a winning move is to point out that being involved in selling is the same as being involved in buying. Another tact: Otto is accused of being involved in selling secrets. Uber bought Otto. Otto is now Uber. Therefore, Uber is accused of being involved in selling secrets. For me, the second sentence parses into the opposite of what you mean It's eerie to read this thread - I know little about crypto, after reading the article, I thought the NSA was clearly planning to break all HTTPS traffic. Its unimpressive to watch whoever you are (author? Publisher? Someone who repeatedly implies they have a connection to The Intercept but doesn't explicate it?) to be argumentative with, frankly, poor excuses whenever someone points out its possible for someone to misread the article exactly the way I misread it. And not coincidentally, the NSA. :) "Not even wrong" Not sure why you're being downvoted - it's from Jobs' famous Stanford commencement speech. http://news.stanford.edu/2005/06/14/jobs-061505/ +1. While adding billions to their coffers may not be the motivation, there's a ravenous appetite to figure out how to distribute wealth of this obscenely rich generation of multinationals. This reeks of an ineffectual political institution grasping for one of the few solutions it can implement. The article discusses how China is building 4 gigafactories worth of capacity by 2020. It's unclear what your tone signifies, muddying your message. It's a couple commonly known truths about Tesla, with a tone of "take THAT Bloomberg!" You buried the lede a bit. The image contains a slur in its proposal to kill all Jews You can't express vast generalizations that are stereotypes and expect the rest of us to feel comfortable working with you. Stories say it was intentionally spread in large public forums. He's implicitly claiming some of them shouldn't be there, or he believes that miraculously every single women at Google clears the bar for desirable traits in a programming without affirmative action. Come on now, which one do you think he believes? He made it pretty clear, clear enough that pretty much no one would want to work with the dude. It absolutely does not follow that everyone who had a PhD at Harvard in Biology gets to say whatever they want about humans, especially in a way that's derogatory of his coworkers. This is by far my highest upvoted post in this thread, even higher than ones that exhibit much stronger "virtue-signaling" Given that, I'm guessing the justification for the statements is a little more self-evident than you're letting on. In it effort to save myself some time (seriously, you're asking me for about 20 minutes worth of work), just checking first, have you read the leaked document? It's at Gizmodo: http://gizmodo.com/leaked-document-details-apple-employee-in... . EDIT: Also, do the other replies to you make things a little clearer? Please keep in mind I'm not trying to be passive-aggressive, I come from similiar intellectual stock to you. That's why I'm in disbelief that you need pullquotes and an explanation to tie them together, I'm sure it'll click for you without that. Yes, seriously. You're playing looser with definitions, but in the sense they used conservative, yes. That argument seems shallow, though, you could use it to say was incredibly effective - Android OEMs didn't get sued after that! Pixel sold incredibly well and far beyond expectations, it was sold out for months. Unfortunately, no. Purchasing power differs across economies. While exchange rate correlates with purchasing power, it's merely a rough measurement, not something you'd base analysis on. You dont have to look far, the article is written by Cruise’s CEO. :-) Those are the support forums, GP is asking about developer forums. Yes, Apple monitors them, but apparently not closely enough :/ Just like Vive, PiMax is a SteamVR headset. The premise Google is responsible for the issues he mentions is demonstrably false. AMP's foundational tenents don't include Google Search is the one and only search engine. Bing and Microsoft's apps have been using AMP publicly for 1.5 years, with Google's help and support during development. The comments after are Apple bugs, not issues with Google or AMP. To wit, the AMP foundation hired an open source consultancy 6 months to bring WebKit's frame implementation in sync with modern browsers, which also fixes the scrolling issues. See http://frederic-wang.fr/amp-and-igalia-working-together-to-i... And rightly so, the quote is from Brent Simmons' article. However, you're right anyways: you can't reach Tim's article by searching quotes. Outside the country. Yes. I'd be careful drawing definitive conclusions about the success of a product that shipped last week, then using them to drive larger generalizations about what "many people" think, and after setting up the strawmen, knock them down with arguments about market share in unrelated products. It's okay to criticize flaws in a product, even if this modern-day golden examplar of a vertically integrated company can leverage its integration to move a ton of product. I stopped at "Customers have indicated they want it": that's vague enough to be unassailable, yet crucial backbone for 2 essays about how "many people" are fundamentally misunderstanding consumer electronics demand, thus they're not qualified to critique HomePod as a product. I don't think there's much chance of having a productive conversation