If ever there was an existence proof of why flowcharts disappeared from engineering discourse, this is it. Seriously, which would be easier to understand: this monster or the 80 lines of code that it would take to actually implement it? Didn't he say that last decade too? I'm pretty sure I still have that book... The really short answer is "how to code". Forget technologies; forget grades. At best, they will get you in the door for an interview. They won't make your a productive employee. If you can produce working, deployable software on your own, then you will succeed. Not that many people can, honestly. If you aren't sure if you can hack, then pick a problem and solve it. If at the end of a week you can give your software to someone else and have them use it successfully, you should be fine. Everything else is fluff, and can be learned on the job. If you can hack, you'll do fine. A section on "memory debugging tools" that doesn't include valgrind? This article is crap, sorry. Lua is kind of a mess, IMHO. There are other options. Here's mine, designed for a similar (small, embeddable) role: http://plausible.org/nasal/ It doesn't have the mindshare that Lua does, nor the history, nor the testing frankly. But honestly (and yeah, I'm biased) Nasal is a cleaner, simpler, more robust and overall better language than Lua, especially for people mor e accustomed to the perl/python/javascript notion of how scripting languages should work. That's mostly a semantic game you're playing. What you term "monolithic framework" is what the author (and, IMHO, most developers) mean by the term "framework". The rest of your post describes what most people are happy to call a "library" or "toolkit", or "utility". Frameworks, as understood by common industry terminology, are defined by providing the vertical integration you are talking about. Because it's easier at the beginning. Doing a big application from scratch requires doing stuff like requirements analysis, which means you need to understand the universe of tools available to make good decisions. Then you need to prototype for a while before settling on the final design (i.e. your custom framework). With rails (or whatever) you get something that works immediately, which feels safer to a lot of folks who don't have the deep toolkit expertise required above. The problem is that while the framework works , you don't actually understand it any better than you do the toolkits, it's just handling stuff for you with (what you understand as) voodoo. So when it comes time to make big design changes in the future, the toolkit folks know exactly where to start, while the framework people are completely lost. I'm not completely against frameworks, but I've seen so many misused that I'm very wary. A stupidly-applied library is usually a point-source bug that can be fixed in one place. A stupidly-applied framework infects the whole application with its mess. Most of us would submit that people might read XML data more often if it didn't look like crap. If all we wanted was a metadata format that was easy for machines to read, we wouldn't have specified it in text. If you're not reading your XML, you're probably using it wrong. And even if you personally don't care, we're still at the mercy of all the developer out there specifying their configuration formats in XML. If you're not reading your configuration files, you're definitely using them wrong. Your point is that XML is good because it is standard. That is valid. The OP link, however, was pointing out that while this is true, it's also true that XML is a very bad choice for that metadata format. Look at things like JSON or YAML for saner, simpler and more readable alternatives. We ended up with XML because it looked like HTML at a time where "web stuff" was all the rage, not because of its inherent value. I'm not quite sure I see the real threat here. Barring remotely exploitable firmware bugs, this family of exploits requires access to the hardware. No security model anywhere can protect a machine from an attacker with physical access... But bookmarks of new pages at least, which are notable for their currency. This is just an emacs site. It's like posting a link to http://google.com and calling it "Search" or something... This is exactly right. The windows implementation of ANSI C89 rand() was done with a 16 bit linear congruential generator back in the win16 days, and left unchanged for compatibility reasons. It's really not an insane choice on their part. Lots of applications really do rely on PRNG repeatability, and you wouldn't want a platform upgrade to interfere with that. The real lesson is that applications with solid randomness requirements need to be relying on their own generators (there are lots to choose from) or an OS-supplied RNG (e.g. /dev/urandom) and not ANSI C, which is underspecified. The author seems to have more depth in theory than in practice, unfortunately. The first function examined, and casually discarded (without attribution) is the Dan Bernstein djb2 function. This is a very popular function, largely because of its extreme simplicity ("multiply by 33 and add/xor in the next byte") and comparative robustness (it's VERY strong for a one-line algorithm). Neither of these benefits seem to be of interest, though, so he drops this one on the floor and he then trots off to examine a bunch of 20-30 line monsters. Which is interesting enough, but not terribly useful to someone who actually wants to implement, y'know, a real-world hash table. djb2 happens to be a favorite of mine, it's a great thing to keep in your head for when you need a nice robust mixing function. If you really have requirements that go beyond what it can provide, you're probably better off just using a cryptographic hash than trying to internalize the stuff in this article. Given that digest hashes are the strongest algorithms available anyway, all the advice here is just carefully disguised premature optimization, IMHO. The conclusion doesn't match the story. XYZ wasn't hurt because he wrote maintainable code, but because ABC didn't. XYZ's problem was that he/she wasn't able to maintain poor code. Believe it or not, folks, that's an important skill , and something employers in the corporate/IT world pay big money for. XYZ doesn't have it. ABC may or may not, it's not clear. But the moral here isn't that the market doesn't value good software. It's that the market places more value on the ability to make bad software work. Well, duh. Almost any of them can work well. If you are a competent admin and architect, you can make any distro work. But competent admins and architects generally already know several distros very well and wouldn't get much value from this discussion. So your real problem seems to be that you're worried that you don't have the proper skill set. Basically: you're asking the wrong question. Either develop the expertise yourself, or hire someone who already knows this stuff and trust their judgement. Asking a bunch of internet yahoos for their opinion on a platform choice is just going to cause a flamewar (c.f. bootload's post above). All that being said: I've had plenty of experience on Ubuntu and RHEL/CentOS and like them both. Debian is rougher but works once you know it well. Stay away from Gentoo except as a teaching tool. And *BSD and Solaris are also good choices if you have the staff buy-in (i.e. don't cause friction with your IT folks, let them use what they like). After three decades of minimal-to-mixed success, you would really think people would have figured out by now that RPC is a fundamentally flawed metaphor. It's not pipelineable, which means that it's always going to be slow. It's a deadlock waiting to happen. And it's obscure: it takes the simple notion of calling a method (say, to extract a single field) and hides from the programmer the fact that this simple object might live on another side of a content. Just a disaster. Without exception, every successful network protocol has a query/response structure. Even things that are "technically" based on an "RPC" protocol (NFS) have evolved in this direction for performance and simplicity. Take a look at the code for an NFS stack and see if you can see the "procedure calls" to the remote server. They aren't there. JSON isn't an RPC protocol, it's a data format. And REST is a web architecture, it lives at a higher level (and on top of HTTP, which is not an RPC protocol). RPC architectures are things likes Sun-RPC, CORBA, SOAP, XML-RPC, DCOM/COM+, etc... They model the network as a bunch of objects on which you can call methods/functions from within an existing programming environment. Which sounds like a nifty idea until you try it and discovers that it sucks (see above rant). Alternative for what problem? The issue is that RPC tends to fool people into spamming the network. Where a traditional database query would issue one request and get back a thousand rows of eight columns in a pipelined stream, a (dumb, but entirely plausible) RPC architecture might end up iterating over a thousand remote objects, calling an accessor method for each field, and making thousands of synchronous round trips to the server to accomplish what the SQL query did in just one. This technique doesn't antialias the corners either. It just draws tiny background rectangles with careful margins. But it's pretty clever, IMHO. And a few lines of jquery could automatically add the extra markup at load time. Please. Check the absolutist pedantry at the door. If the technique works and doesn't affect the content management process (which, remember, is the real reason that people want non-semantic markup out of the HTML -- it's so that there's a single place to look for the semantic stuff) then by all means go for it. With just a few lines of jquery you could automate this process based on a single class tag for the "rounded corner" divs or whatnot, and everyone wins. I'm not completely sold that this is easier than image mangement (it probably is for developers who fear graphics work, less so for designers who fear code hackery), but it's awfully clever to my eyes. The most important trick is just to name a price in the first place. Especially in software, if you're good at what you do and the position is a good fit, you are almost guaranteed to be able to get what you ask for, as long as it's not ridiculous. At worst, you'll get a counter-offer. If someone drops you outright it's because they really don't want you and the salary just forces them into a decision. (Or, rarely, it's because they truly can't afford you: you don't want that job, becuase it won't be there for long anyway.) Employers actually hate it when people come in with squishy responses like "Oh, I'm not looking for salary specifically..." because it just makes more work for them. It's much easier if they can say "this person costs this much, do we pay it or not?". Coming up with a "fair" salary is much harder. You realize that Debian will run just fine on that PowerBook, right? The idea of saving up for a new computer to run linux , of all things, sounds awfully alien to me. :) Yikes. It's like a "Fr33 software is teh suxor!" flame written by a literary analysis poseur. Not a lot of insight, but wow, can he nest a dependent clause! Meh. Sure, whatever. Open source hasn't taken over the world, hasn't killed windows, and is most successful on the server. I guess that's "failed" for some interpretations of the term. It's my experience that there's a hugely bimodal distribution in people's feelings on this issue. Some folks like Spolsky just eat it up. Thinking about office space and design turns them on, and it feeds back into being happier with everything (or conversely, working in a gray-carpetted drywall office drives them nuts). That's fine. To each his own. But for a lot of the rest of us, it's just not a big deal. The mechanics of the work environment (good location, quiet, offices with doors, etc...) certainly matter. But the look? Meh. To us, no matter what the physical space is, it's the coworkers who really define the work environment. Just bear that in mind before you decide that you have to write that huge check to the interior designer. At best, pretty space is going to help retain people on the margin: maybe it's a tiebreaker between you and google, etc... But it's never much more than a tiebreaker. Yawn. This article is three years old, and even in 2005 was mostly trite, recycled trash (X11 sucks on a line with 200ms latency? Do tell...). And big chunks of it are just plain wrong (no, stdin and stdout are not always pipes, are not forced to be unidirectional, and yes you can tell the difference) or incomplete (the author apparently has never heard of the scatter/gather I/O using readv/writev, nor kqueues/epoll, and doesn't seem to know much about signals either). Basically everything in this is either wrong or disingenuous. Stay away, it's just flame bait. If you want to read a good flame about unix, "The UNIX-HATER's Handbook" did all this much, much better. Read that. The linked article isn't worth your time. Why? The time to search a three entry vtable (or whatever) is still an order of magnitude lower than the time to fetch the thing from main memory in the first place. Performance optimization stopped being about instruction cycle counting a few years back. Detractors of UTF-8 are just wrong, period. On modern machines, main memory bandwidth gives you about 10 cycles or more per byte of input of free processing. It's irrelevant. And it's important to note that "how many glyphs does this string contain" is a pretty obscure question to be asking in the first place. What's the problem being solved here? The beauty of UTF-8 is that all (all!) of the common string operations continue to work as-is without change. strlen/strdup/strcat/strcpy? Yup, same behavior. Linear search for substrings or regexes? Yup, same behavior. Alphabetic comparison? Check. Just use it, and don't mess with encodings or you will mess things up. If you don't know how it works, just trust it. If you think you know how it works and still believe it doesn't meet your requirements, you're wrong. Generally, sane file metaphors try very hard not to change stuff in the middle of the file. Try to keep with one "record" (which might be a bigger object than a single row in a database!) per file, and read/write them all in one swoop. If you need indexes other than the one you get for free (the path name, of course), keep them in separate files and make sure your toolchain can rebuild them as needed. The filesystem has looser rules about data loss than the database will by default, so unless you want to handle this yourself (which can be done), you should probably to turn on "ordered data" journalling in your filesystem (e.g. for ext3: "mount -o data=ordered"). Then you only need to be able to recover from a crash (or killing) of your own software, which is a problem you'll have to handle anyway. The classic application for this sort of technique is a mail server. Software like sendmail and postfix has been doing reliable on-disk storage for decades now, and they don't have to jump through too many hoops to do it. I'm not sure I buy all of those arguments. Power supplies (cheap ones, anyway) are, indeed, of pretty mixed quality. But their failure rates show (in my experience, anyway) a distinct "bathtub curve", essentially failing within the first few months or not for several years. For a part like that, a used one can actually be more reliable than a new one, because you're essentially getting the "burn-in" for free. And while, again, it's true that off-brand memory has higher error rates than premium stuff (which, generally, is coming out of the same fabs but testing at higher tolerances), the error rate is (1) still very low, I've only seen one bad DIMM over the last 10 years or so, and (2) trivially easy to test with memtest86. Got a bad stick? Yeah, it sucks, but you just replace it (for $20 or whatever) and move on. It's not a reason to triple your memory cost, IMHO. And disk drives, in my experience, simply don't have a premium/bargain distinction in quality at all . Instead, these things fail in batches. Some 4500 RPM clearance models will churn for years, while some models of 15k RPM SAS monsters like give up the ghost within a few months. You can't win with drives. I don't think I believe those benchmarks. Many of those numbers are significantly slower (!) than main memory bandwidth, and for code like strlen() which can be naively implemented in about three instructions per byte. Something is wrong with the testing, I think. Amen! I'm not really a web developer by nature. The client environment has always driven me nuts: layer on layer of slightly-incompatible cruft. And giant javascript libraries just make the problem worse, not better. jQuery is like a breath of fresh air. I find it absolutely amazing that a library like this (based on minimalism of all things!) actually got mindshare in the modern world. Bravo! No offense, but this sounds a little shady. Maybe part of this is because it's a game project, which inevitably suffer from terminal optimism. But if you really have a working product and more paying users than you can handle, why are you looking for another "founder". This is the time where you should be hiring employees, not splitting the business risk. Must be in the same sense that Altivec was a "breakthrough" in SIMD architecture, or the PPC 601 was a "breakthrough" in CPU design. Apple's history is littered with breakthroughs like this. I'll believe it when I see it. As things stand right now, typical SMP scalability benchmarks put OS X solidly behind even Vista, and trailing Linux and FreeBSD by a mile (I wish I could find a cite for those -- they were doing the rounds a few months back, I think). It's also blurred because people try to apply it to problems for which isn't not appropriate. The central theme of REST is that a single URI corresponds uniquely to a single "thing", which is then operated on using a small set of operations (basically set/get/delete). That's great, if your problem works like that. It's not great if it doesn't. Some protocols really are more appropriately modelled using "methods" on the objects, because the behavior is what matters, not so much the data itself. This is mostly a fallacy. The FreeBSD code is limited almost exclusively to userspace stuff. The Darwin kernel descends much more directly from NeXT's mach-based product. It grew SMP support only very recently, and via a very different path from that taken in the monolithic BSD community. Honestly, I don't understand why Apple continues to work on their own kernel. It has near zero competitive advantage relative to FreeBSD or Linux, and much cost a fortune to maintain. The real value of their product has always been above the kernel anyway: I have to believe that switching the kernel out for a more robust Unix variant can only be a good thing for the Mac. Of protocols that don't work well with REST? Sure: anything that, in the database world, would require transactions. Think of the classic double-entry accounting transaction: you have two accounts, and need to atomically subtract an amount from one and add it to the other. Clearly the accounts are two (or more) REST URIs. But the operation needs to be atomic on both; it's not enough just to do two PUT/POST operations. You can do it with REST, but it requires some fancy footwork with extra objects for "locks" or whatnot. It's just a mess. With a protocol that exposes behavior instead of state? It's just a "DEBIT" command that takes two accounts and an amount and returns success or failure. Basically: pick the tool for the job. A lot of the "problems" with REST are an attempt to make the hype more powerful than the technique. No, no, no. That's not RESTful at all. What "thing" does /transactions represent? It's the same URI for every single account in the world? What you've done is break out of the paradigm in order to solve a particular problem, which is great. But don't call it "REST", because the whole point of this discussion is that doing so confuses people about what REST is supposed to mean. You're making the assumption that such a chip would reach market at the same time and in the same condition. The existing chip design companies are, in fact, really good at what they do, and they are rushing these things to market about as fast as can be done. Hardware product cycles are much longer than those for software, especially if you are trying to "innovate" like you posit. You can't just rev a new chipset for ever device release. I watched a demo of a video call on NTT DoCoMo's WCDMA network in early 2004. Yawn. Don't joke: as sad as it sounds, this truly was a huge innovation. No phone device anywhere had ever had a GUI interface to voice mail messages before. At best, it was a clunky front end to the button-activated service we'd been using for 20 years. Just had to jump on this: 640k was no more an "artificial" limit than 4G is. The 8086, like all CPUs, had only a finite amount of die space. They chose to implement a 20 bit wide bus, because that fit the problem space of a contemporary minicomputer (the biggets PDP/11 had 4MB). But they didn't have space for paging or mapping hardware, so the operating system needed to reserve some space for hardware (video framebuffers, etc...) to use. So thus was born the 640k/384k memory mapping of PC-DOS. It made perfect sense given the limitations of the hardware. Now, IBM could have chosen a different part like the 68000, which was a bigger and more expensive chip that had an internal 32 bit architecture. But they didn't, for some pretty justifiable reasons (like the need to compete with computers like the Apple II which were under $2k). Honestly, you're wrong. The point here is not whether "you" know better than the desktop software does whether or not what you are doing is "safe". The point is that no one does: 2-300 people, or more, were involved in writing the software you're about to run as root. It's a huge amount of code, and no one can even pretend to have audited all of it for security issues. And, in point of fact, vulnerabilities are discovered in this stuff all the time. Running that stuff as root is just dumb. If linux attracted even a tenth as much attention from black hats as does windows, and you did anything non-trivial (e.g. surfing) with that box, you would be more or less guaranteed to see it rooted at some point. So the desktop developers, being responsible about this stuff, are trying to warn you. You are just choosing not to listen. Like I said: you're wrong. I think that your causation direction is reversed. Good debugging requires solid understanding of the syntax and behavior first. If you don't have it, then you're just flailing at the tool. I see people do this all the time: using debuggers to try to get information they could get trivially by reading the code, or randomly changing things in the code and retesting instead of carefully watching something in a debugger. This kind of thing is a standard trope of investment news. Some market somewhere moves unexpectedly, so some journalist finds an analyst who predicted it and writes a story on "how they knew". It's a giant game of confirmation bias at work. That doesn't, by the way, mean that we aren't in for a rough few years (although depression-era hunger lines seem a step or nine too far to me). It just means that this guy doesn't statistically know any better than we do. He was just lucky. Ahem: "Scientists confirm that PARTS OF earliest genetic material came from the stars." You took an already over-sensationalized article title and editted out even the tiny hint of rationality it had left . Shame on you. From later in the article: "The materials they have found include the molecules uracil and xanthine". This isn't DNA, it's like finding a clay pit and announcing "Our house came from under the earth!". Sigh... [EDIT: I see the article title has been fixed to better reflect the source. Many thanks.] Truthfully, no, it's not all that significant. Here are the relevant wikipedia entries on those molecules: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uracil http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xanthine These are simple molecules. Many organic molecules (including some more complicated than this) have been found in space, either in meteorites or spectrally. This are significant only because they're chemically related to what life ultimately ended up using here on earth (or at least Uracil is, being an RNA pair base -- I have no idea what the Xanthine connection is, honestly). Really, this isn't all that surprising. This is all well and good. A product that people will buy because of brand (an iPhone, say) is worth more than one people buy because of what it is (a generic smartphone, in this context). So brand is a good thing to strive for. But there are other "decommodification" techniques that don't work so well. The same thing that gives you that great apple goodness is the reason we're all suffering with DRM, vendor lock-in, and senseless incompatibility. These are all just variants on the same theme: don't make things simple for the consumer, force them to "choose" you over your competitors. On the whole, I'd rather live in a world of commodities than brands, honestly. Agreed. This article seems like a good idea (essentially: "don't write needless code", and "don't expose fine-grained stuff you don't have to") extended to the point of pedantry. Certainly accessor methods can be clean and useful, especially for things like computed or read-only values. They certainly aren't a red flag for maintainability by themselves. I think the author is a little confused on terminology. The list management he's talking about, while a core part of the LISP metaphor, isn't normally considered part of "functional programming", which exploits more subtle stuff like lexical closures instead of "code-only" function/method references (a lambda is much more than just a function pointer!). Now, I'm not up on my .NET these days, but I'm all but certain a C# function is still a classic CPU call, with its data living on a normal CPU stack and not stashed into the heap somewhere where it can be found by a closure. Am I wrong? Hunh. Yuck. So how does that work at the instruction level? It seems like the generated code needs to take one of two wildly divergent paths depending on whether or not a scope includes a lambda or not. Either that, or you need to malloc the stack frame of every function that gets called, which is equally a mess. This is it in a nutshell. The practical problems like ObjC aren't an issue for OS X, so there's no reason for them to be so for the iPhone. It's largely a similar environment. And the more high-brow arguments about lock-in and freedom are true, but obscure the simpler point: sorry, but I'm just not interested in paying $99 and waiting on a list for months just to run a program on my own phone! Android has the distinct and notable advantage of actually being a working target platform for the people who want to play with it. Apple will no doubt attract a few established developers to the iPhone, but all the cool stuff will be happening on Google's platform. It depends. Certainly a suit is never going to be helpful when interviewing at any true technology company, whether it be a startup or not. But the idea that it would hurt is situational: certainly if a mid-career professional walks into an interview in a $500 suit, his/her attire just screams "I've been writing VB code for 10 years in an IT department." But if it's on a recent graduate, or an amateur trying to break into hacking as a profession, not so much. There, it's just a sign of naivete. It's cute, not dumb. It might be awkward, but at least it shows the candidate cares about the position. That sometimes works, if the company is large enough to have real profits but small enough for the individual's contribution to matter. There's nothing wrong with incentives, really, as long as they are (1) meaningful, and (2) fair. But in practice, they never are, so Joel's points are all valid. Really, this is just another special case of "bad management sucks". A good manager in a good system is capable of providing incentives that motivate her employees. A bad one can't, but will do it anyway. So it looks like the bad incentives are the problem, when really it's the process that's flawed. Yes, that's the source of the symbols. Some people like them, some think they're unprofessional, yada yada. But I've never once had someone try to interpret "foo" as profanity... M-x flyspell-mode Get yourself a real editor, kid. Yeah, but that's not an impossible hiring model. 37signals has built their public face on a "rock star" image among the hacker class. So this is really just part of the schtick. Certainly, yes, they need to be good to their employees. But part of that means being good to their existing employees, who no doubt have bought into the rock star thing. Whoever gets this position gets to sit in that chair thinking how much better they are than all those idiots mentioned in the blog. Uh... it was an emacs vs. vi joke. I know (or rather, am completely unsurprised) that vim can do dynamic spell checking too. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if textpad could do it too. Not necessarily as it should be. Many modern business models really are, at their core, automation problems. Think of the heavily automated factory, or brokerage. These firms clearly need "domain expertise" in what they do, but the minute-to-minute operation of the business is done not by the experts, but by the automation systems. In such a circumstance, it might make sense for the "IT" department to actually run the show, and use the experts in a consulting role. Instead, as the linked blog points out, the opposite is usually true. And it's not like this hasn't been done. Look at Amazon: that's exactly what they are. Business-wise, they're just another mail order retailer. But they think of themselves as a software company, and they've been immensely successful. I guess there's sort of a chicken and egg thing here, so your point isn't really falsifiable. But again, the way Amazon is structured is as a software company. They build a product, and then hand that off to the operations side to implement. The big movers and decision makers in the company are on the product development side, and not on the implementation side. That structure is the reverse of the typical corporate IT structure, where the people developing the product are routinely taking orders from the people who need to use those products. I haven't finished reading the article yet, but this strikes me as a classic example of innapropriate generalization. The hip-hop culture example seems to reinforce the argument, but many other subcultures fail: think of the french aristocracy in the 18th century as a classic example of conspicuous consumption. Or the roaring 20's. Or various calvinist groups of the 17th century as examples of the austere poor. Or... The point being that the variation in visible consumption between groups is vast, and this article picked just two groups two compare. It's junk science. And IMHO, it's borderline racist. Amen. This is one of those pedantries that has outlived its justification. Look: can tables be misused? Yes. Have they been? Yes. Does a static HTML file filled with tables for layout obscure the semantics for things like screen-readers? Sure. Does any of that have anything to do with whether or not a table should be used for layout? Not that I can see. Two or three lines of jQuery will pack those divs into your table by class. The weirdest part of all of this is the idea that CSS is "just as good" for typical layout tasks. Not only is it not as good, it's a near-disaster. Nothing works right, ever. It's never possible to just say "line these elements up and put these others to their side" without jumping through awful hoops. Seriously: look at the "layout" CSS for any serious site and it's almost unreadable. GUI developers have understood this for two decades now, and universally settled on the table as the appropriate layout mechanism. Why the web should somehow be different just baffles me. They don't. A table row has exactly the same recursive structure as a definition list, and will be treated the same way by a screenreader. It's kinda sad how many people like to play the "accessibility card" without any actual understanding of how those technologies work. What screenreaders do have trouble with, however, is static layouts where the "meaningful" content is buried six levels deep, and often at the end of the logical document, just to make room for a bunch of navigation aids and advertisements. That, however, isn't a reason not to use tables where they help. Also, note that with just a tiny amount of javascript it's possible to come up with a document that displays in a nice table layout and has a nice logical structure for screenreaders. It just requires that you get beyond the pedantry of the table. "I will never know exactly how a microprocessor works - but that doesn't impede my programming skills" Yes it does . To pick just a single example: if you don't understand how your CPUs cache architecture works, and how it interacts with hardware paging (and ultimately swapping), you aren't qualified to do performance analysis at all . But you will anyway, and you will get it wrong, and you will forever be wondering why your MySQL database doesn't scale properly. Or why adding a bunch of RAM to the box didn't work the way you expected. Or you'll write dumb "optimized" code with local copies of things that could be computed, and fail to understand the benchmarks showing why it doesn't work. As a programmer, you are a user of a tool. If you want to be an effective user of that tool, you need to have some understanding of how it works. No, you don't need to be a fully trained ASIC design architect, or semiconductor process engineer, or solid state physicist. But yes: you should understand how a circuit works, and what the parts of your computer are, and how they interact. And your statement that "specialists" can get by without knowing "a little about a lot" just confuses me. Every talented "specialist" I've ever known has an encyclopedic knowlege of all sorts of things outside their specialty. A better word for a "specialist" that only knows their specialty is probably just "worker", or "lackey". Hrmph. The article starts out with this weird meta-argument about degree programs and accreditation (not enough game developers because there's no standard curriculum? Please...) which makes not sense to me. And finally it gets to the meat of the argument which seems to be: "The games developers say that they are struggling to find in the UK the kind of high-powered mathematicians and computer scientists that they need to build increasingly sophisticated products." Get in line, folks. News flash: 3D graphics programming is hard, and can't be done by typical IT employees. If you want these rare people to work for you, how about offering higher salaries than your competitors? Understood in this context, what the bit about degree programs and accreditation really means is: we can't find enough smart kids willing to work for cheap any more. Cry me a river. No, that's a canard. Whatever your particular religion is about language choice, anyone capable of doing 3D programming is more than talented enough to be able to be productive in C++, irrespective of what they were taught in school. The problem is that modern game engine development is hard. People who solve hard problems for a living are expensive, and the games industry isn't used to paying that kind of salary. TextMate is easier to learn . Once you know emacs or vim, there really aren't any tools that are more productive to use. But the trick is that you have to really know the tools. It's not enough to fire it up and try it for a while. You need to use it full time (for everything: mail, documentation, notes, poetry -- editors aren't just for code) for a good while. Get the keystrokes into your fingers. Emacs users should think seriously about remapping Ctrl to the left of "A" where it was when the bindings were designed. Keep your hands off the mouse as much as possible. Learn the various tools and modes if you like, but above all get used to the idea of living in your editor. What you'll find is that the modern GUI mechanisms for interacting with code are just terribly awkward. You'll start using keystrokes for other stuff too (like Alt-Tabbing to your command line), and everything will fall into place. Eventually, you'll start writing rants like this one trying to convince all the young'uns about how wrong they are about what they want in their tools. It's a little spun, I think. Clearly there were earlier computers (like ENIAC and Colossus, which the article mentions) that also pioneered critical innovations. Equally clearly, there were many more inventions to come. The article seems to pick out "program stored in volatile memory" (ENIAC, at least, was hand-programmed offline. I'm not sure about Colossus) as the defining characteristic of the "modern computer". Meh. I might argue that CMOS VLSI process technology was actually more important, being the biggest "hard part" of figuring out how to manufacture the actual computers we use in modernity. But whatever, everyone has their own favorites I'm sure: do we all get to write articles for the BBC? Have you tried the online tutorial? It's in the help menu of the GNU build (not sure about "Aquamacs"), or you can run it with "C-h t". Indeed. And, given the "XX in less than YY lines of code" framing of the title, I was actually hoping for something a little more along the lines of clever code. This this is a pretty pedestrian interpreter, honestly. It's not bad code, just ... exactly what I would expect an interpreter for a tiny language to look like. Almost all of this stuff is taken out of context. Almost all of them are statements about immediate practicality, not predictions of the future. When Kelvin said that, there wasn't even a hint of an engine that could actually power an airplane. He was basically right: in the middle of the 19th century, the Wright brothers would have failed to produce an airplane. Likewise the Western Union quote about the telephone. The devices demonstrated in 1878 really were primitive, and competed very poorly with telegrams for rapid communication. But yeah, it's all funny. Find me a family-run retail store that can get the prices that Walmart gets from its suppliers. It's not even close. Large corporations are big and slow. They make poor decisions a lot. But they got big by doing at least one thing right. Sometimes it's just an efficiency of scale, but it's an efficency nonetheless. In software specifically, it is sometimes possible for a startup to outcompete an established competitor, but certainly not always. And outside of software it's almost unheard of: try to displace Exxon/Mobil by being "smart" and "agile", for example. I've lived and shopped in the bay area, and I honestly don't know what you're talking about. Sure, I'm sure you can find an item at one store that's cheaper than a "similar" item at another store. But to claim that your local grocer or the vendors in chinatown are getting the same upstream prices as Walmart (!) is just madness. Seriously: go to a Walmart some time (you'll obviously need to get out of SF for this; I vaguely remember there being one in Fremont) with a notepad, find some prices on whatever you want, then go find an identical item at a locally-owned place. Yeah. It was The Road Ahead that caused them trouble. An unhandled case is only one kind of bug. Needless to say, filling in all those entries in your spreadsheet says absolutely nothing about whether those decisions are correct . Look, this is a gimmick. Not having used such a tool, I'm not going to say that it's worthless. But I will say that I'm very suspicious of anyone who looks to gimmicks as the Salvation of Modern Programming. I've seen it too many times. The final project for everyone in my intro course was to write a LISP interpreter. Have we fallen so far? To be fair: neither is having a degree evidence that one has actually mastered the subjects it covers. Hell, I have a degree and regularly read wikipedia articles on all sorts of subjects, including computer science. Does that invalidate my degree? Even a billion won't do. You can't write a "platform" from scratch. It just doesn't work. All successful platforms (yes, every last one of them) started out their life as useful tools with limited scope: the original Macintosh, Unix, Java, Rails, even windows. All of these things started out as specific products to fill a specific niche. The only plausible counter-example I can think of off-hand is .NET. But even there, it started out not as a new from-scratch platform, but basically as a clone of Java with some windows-specific bits thrown in. So maybe a billion is enough if you're just trying to compete, not innovate. Gmail serves its content via HTTPS, which isn't (statefully) proxyable or cachable by design. The explanation from Google makes no sense. If they're serving readable/unencrypted content to anything but the end user's web browser then they have a serious security flaw. And it goes much deeper than just the API. The whole architecture is a shambles. Some of this may have been fixed in the four happy years since I touched the platform, but some of the highlights I can remember: + No static data. The linker pukes if you have a global variable somewhere. If it's not on the stack or heap, the OS can't handle it. This, of course, means that basically all useful C code from other platforms will fail to build by design on Symbian. + Their "linker" was this awful two-stage thing that used a custom ARM gcc build to generate a windows-style PE-COFF DLL (?), which then got munged by another gadget into their actual native format. Yes, it seems they literally could not figure out how to write a GNU ld linker script... + No blocking I/O calls at all, again insuring that otherwise common idioms (like, say, reading a file) require elaborate contortions using their "Active Object" abstraction, which is a clumsy event handler with a ton of scaffolding around it. + No notion of users, or file permissions, or anything that might be interpreted as a security model. I could go on, but this is the stuff I can pull off the top of my head. Really, this platform is a disaster. Just let it die. Prior existence is only one of the tests for trademark validity, although I certainly can't claim any special knowledge of this case or German trademark law. It's fairly common in a dispute like this for both sides to make various arguments about the other sides claims. It's certainly not "sneaky". Yeah, exactly. The tone of the article is a little off. Fundamentally, these guys were advertisement parasites. They added almost no value to the internet, offered no meaningful products, and the world is frankly better off without them. And yet I get the idea that we're supposed to be sorry for them because they're just a poor canadian company unfairly crushed by the american giant. I especially like the use of the euphemism "search arbitrage" to describe their business model. :) I'm not sure that's 100% true. Some development idioms have you staring at HTML all the time, others don't: take a look at the arc code behind YC for a good example. Likewise view-based architectures like rails spend more time worrying about how to invoke/include the view than they do tinkering with the presentation internals. And that "hint" that you want can be gotten many ways, it doesn't have to be a hard-coded event handler. Make it a class, for example. Or better, a class on the containing element (a collection of category selectors, whatever). That's even clearer than the event handler, because it's a statement of pure semantics. My wife made me a T shirt with this thing on it. This is as old as the shell, although most implementations I've seen use a '_' for the function name instead of the colon. Maybe the update is more smilified for modern eyes? Meh. That's not what I said, though. The fact that I might be tempted to break a rule doesn't mean I'm morally obliged to shed tears for those who break it and get burned. The folks who were most hurt here were the investors, who clearly bought into the scam not realizing the risks involved. So if any tears are shed it should be for them. But what really irked me about the article was the pseudo-nationalist tone. "Who cares if they were parasites? Those were canadian parasites that Google killed!" Amen. CS is basically a branch of applied mathematics, and is interesting enough. But it doesn't even remotely approach the kind of profundity you see in the basic sciences. I went through college as a physics major, changing to CS at the end basically to be sure I could get a job. And I've regretted that ever since, constantly explaining to people that I'm really more of a scientist by training. But that said, the practice of science, at a day to day level, doesn't even remotely approach the level of satisfaction you get from a good hack. Ahem. I said it makes me more of a scientist than a programmer by training. Please read carefully before flaming. And if math is your thing, that's fine. Study what you like. Although I'll admit I'm more than a little confused by your assertion that basic science is no longer "in development"... No, you're misunderstanding the threat model. The problem with plaintext passwords isn't the danger to you , it's the danger to your users . Users reuse passwords, they just do, and you can't stop them. Storing those passwords in plaintext means that when (yes, when) your site is compromised, the attacker (an employee, for example) can get a pre-validated list of emails and passwords that they can try on other sites. I, personally, watched an ancient Western Union account of mine (no doubt created with a repeated password that I used for other services, like mailman lists, which store them in plaintext) used for fraud. Someone found another user with the same name, put their credit card on the account and stole $1000US. Just don't do this. Just don't. Don't excuse it. Don't pretend you understand why you can get away with it. JUST DON'T DO IT. I've always assumed that's just a HR thing. Finding graphics designers is comparatively easy. Finding ones that know the technologies well enough to be productive in them is much harder. Likewise finding web developers is easy, but ones with a design sense much harder. Unless you're a "rock star" employer (Spolsky, 37signals, etc...) who can choose from an enormous pool of candidates, you're going to have an easier time staffing teams of unitasking employees than you are finding generalists. It's not that either side "can't" learn the techniques of the other, it's that in practice they don't, so the ones that do are hard to find. You go to release with the team you have, not the team you want, basically. No, no, no, no. What you are describing is just obfuscation. It's the same thing web browsers do with the password list on the local machine, and it DOES NOT provide protection against theft. It just makes that theft slightly harder. If the key isn't in the database, it's in the code somewhere, probably in one or several utility script on the same box containing the database. Yeah, that's really going to slow an attacker down. Guys, this stuff was known and very well understood 30 years ago. Please, please, please stop trying to do security architecture if you don't understand it. This is the reason web security is as bad as it is. If you aren't 100% sure you understand the thread model perfectly, just follow the advice you read from trusted sources on the web. I'm not aware of anyone sane that is recommending storing unhashed/recoverable passwords. Sorry, but the very fact that you're arguing that (1) "brute force" is a plausible attack against a salted, SHA-1 hashed password, or (2) "sniffing" a hashed password on the network from a HTTPS transaction (!!) are plausible attacks shows your level of misunderstanding. Look, just read a book or two on the subject. You don't have to believe me, but please stop arguing about stuff you clearly don't understand. I went to clickpass.com, selected "log in using my Google account", entered the password at the google page I was bounced to, and now see: "Warning! This website is registered with Google to make authorization requests, but has not been configured to send requests securely. We recommend that you continue the process only if you trust the following destination" Seems like if you're going to make a business out of this, splatting a big warning like that in front of your users may be something worth fixing. Agreed. Nice piece. Pity the page style makes my eyes bleed (small white-on-black fonts, oww). There aren't any. The User-Agent header has always lied, at least a little bit. What AVG wants from your site is the same thing that the users do: the content (in this case, so that they can scan it). If you insist on giving them a different page (like an error page) than a user would see, they're going to take steps to prevent you from doing that. Remember that the desired outcome here is to see fewer AVG hits, not to "screen them out" just because they're not a human being (although they are a necessary condition for a human hit coming later). Try reducing the unique URL count on your site (basically: make it more RESTful and eliminate all the query strings on broadly identical content) so they have fewer URLs to crawl. Set your caching headers properly so that they don't have an excuse to recrawl you too often. That won't force them to hit you less, but it will "help them to help you" by reducing the total bandwidth. Remember they don't want to pull any more than they have to either. I think your size computation is wrong, no? A skip list is a doubly-linked list at each level, so two pointers per node at level zero (i.e. same as a tree). Each higher level has (statistically) half as many entries, so you have to multiply by the sum of the 1/2^N series, which is 2. So on average a skip list takes 4 pointers per node, which is twice as much as a tree. It's just a constant factor, there's no dependence on set size. (It's true that balanced trees take a little more than two pointer per node, but e.g. red-black trees only need one extra bit, which you can pack into the bottom of one of the pointers if you like). On the whole, skip lists are cute, but not really "better" than a red-black or AVL tree. And the balanced trees aren't that hard to implement, even if you decide to do your own. Add that to the fact that tree stuctures in code are kinda esoteric (almost always, you just want to be able to fetch an item by identity. Range comparisons are pretty rare in memory -- that's what databases are for) and skip lists leave me a little ... meh. I think some of the meta-point might be a bit strained here. It's true that there's a lot of bloated software out there. And the example at the top, Acobat Reader, is one of the worst. It's a dog, and really easy to improve on. I've never heard of the "Foxit" product, but the poppler-based Evince reader on my Ubuntu box is similarly "snappy", even on huge documents (scanned-in D&D sourcebooks, for example -- yes, I'm a geek) where Adobe really crawls. That said, there's a ton of common GUI software out there that really does deliver a pretty quick UI experience. Firefox 3 comes to mind as a good example here (especially given how hard it is to make some web content "snappy"). Likewise many of the smaller utilities on a modern Linux desktop are nice and quick. Basically, the problem is real, but not as widespread as the article posits. A quick and clean desktop experience on modern hardware is both possible and available if you're willing to look for it. But yeah, Acrobat is awful. Stop. There is no meaningful argument: the current, epochally high rate of CO2 release is driving current climate change. Yes, the climate changes on its own. Sometimes it does this "rapidly". But there is no known mechanism in place to produce anything like what we are seeing. Conversely, CO2 greenhouse effects have been qualitatively understood (even it quantitatively modelling it is a bitch) for many decades. I'm not sure which "most people" you think are ignoring the argument, but I assure you it doesn't include climate scientists. It's just that it doesn't make any scientific sense. We know with certainty that fuel burning is producing a rapid spike in CO2 levels. We know with certainty that CO2 is an effective greenhouse gas. We know to within reasonable error bars that the climate is changing rapidly. Do the math. Occam's razor demands that we look at CO2 as the undeniably best hypothesis. No one has a better one. And the land bridge didn't melt, because it's made of land, and land doesn't melt. :) What happened is that the sea levels rose due to melting glaciers on the continents and flooded it. It's still there, it's just a shallow sea instead of a connecting lowland between asia and alaska. We can reduce consumption where we can, and pressure our governments to adopt appropriate policies. I'm less pessimistic than you are about China's ability to regulate itself, but even if you accept that China (or whoever) is going to continue burning coal as if there were no tomorrow, that's not an excuse for making things worse. And in the worst case where we simply can't stop burning, there are at least ideas out there about how to reduce atmospheric CO2 directly. Planting trees in the tropics is one, burying biomass is another. There are even some borderline-scary notions about seeding blooms in the ocean with iron. But it all starts with a recognition that action is required. Get off your butts, basically. I can't vote for China's leaders, but I'm all in favor of pressure where applicable. And I do support nuclear power as at least part of the solution. So do I pass your anti-communist filter (seize control of the means of production, indeed -- you sound like Joe McCarthy)? Do you believe I'm not just trying to take your stuff? And, yet, I believe strongly that this is a problem worth fixing. And frankly I don't know what you're talking about with that "global cooling doom" nonsense. I think maybe you're confused with nuclear winter, which was a notion from about the same time. Flatly incorrect. I don't know what disaster you're talking about specifically, but the biggest and most obvious impact from melting polar ice (antarctic, not arctic) is the loss of low-lying land area. This absolutely has happened during previous warm periods. The north american midwest is flat because it used to be an shallow sea. Were it to happen in the near future, it would be a disaster. The areas that would be drowned are the areas we are currently using to feed ourselves. And I think you're a little confused about "not unprecedented". The current CO2 levels certainly are unprecedented for us as a species, and in fact most or all current ecosystems. Rapid climate change can and has caused mass extinctions in the past. Is that a "problem" to you? It is to me. I'll admit to being stunned at the number of global warming deniers on hacker news. I honestly thought folks here would be a little better informed. This kind of loses me towards the end. I mean, sure, emacs is a freakishly large lisp program. I get that part. But, what's the point here? The abstractions in emacs (modes and hooks are the ones discussed in the linked post) really aren't that strange, or unique, or even lisp-specific. Nor are they without analogs in other tools written in conventional imperative languages. An emacs written in python, frankly, wouldn't look that different. A mode by any other name would hook as smooth. I agree, for the most part, with everything you way. Some of the minor stuff is wrong: Greenpeace (the biggest player on the "green activism" front) caved on the nuclear issue a few years back and accepted it as a part of a carbon-neutral energy policy. And the solar thing is mostly bunk -- you hear about it far , far more in propaganda pieces from the deniers than you do in the actual science community. Is is a plausible hypothesis? Yeah, sure. Does it look like a better bet than CO2 forcing? Hell no. What drives me nuts, though, is the insistence on the part of the denalists here that because there is some disagreement as to numbers, the whole notion of carbon controls, consumption reductions, and the like need to be thrown out the window just because "we're not 100% sure". That's a policy issue, not a scientific one, and it's just plain insane. We're looking at a worst case (but still entirely plausible) effect of mass global starvation within the century, and the denialist attitude is ... wait for more data? That's out of context. It was an example of the kind of change the earth has seen in epochs where polar ice melts completely, not a prediction for the immediate future. And the IPCC has 4C as its upper bound, not 2, and in any case they don't predict motion of antarctic ice sheets due to lack of models. Their predictions for sea level change are conservative, basically. And as far as hyperbole goes: > In other words, nothing worth returning to the stone age for. Taking the bus and paying more for electricity is "returning to the stone age?" Now who's panicking? That logic doesn't work. You might as well argue that traffic laws are inappropriate because you almost certainly won't get killed on the way home today. This is called "risk assessment", and it's an important and crucial part of any policy discussion. You don't just pick the average and assume that will happen, you weigh costs vs. risks across the board, including the "best" and "worst" scenarios, and try to come up with a safe, conservative plan for avoiding the worst effects. I think you're misunderstanding the use of the "worst case" in the IPCC report. Those aren't OMGWTFBBQ scenarios from someone's dreams, they are the scenarios from the actual science that lie within a reasonably tight bound. They are likely consequences for some value of "likely" (probably a 95% confidence, or the like). Yes. Although if you're still learning regexes, I'd suggest staying away from the emacs implementation. It's different from perl's (or pcre, which is the library that everything not perl actually uses) syntax, which is the one you really want to know. There are a bunch of annoying incompatibilities. The linked article isn't about HTTP at all. It's about the use of unencrypted, proxyable internet protocols in general. It lists a few classes of security vulnerabilities that result from too much trust of unsecured content, and recommends the use of TLS ("SSL", in the article). Meh. Relax. A slowdown in birth rates is a temporary disturbance (the opposite of the baby boom, in fact). Over time, society returns to a steady state. Yes, the finances get complicated, and we're looking at a generation or two that may see substandard retirement income. But it's hardly a huge social problem; three generations back we were looking at every generation having no retirement income. And the "muslim minority" stuff is just alarmist (and, frankly, semi-racist) political spin. Past the third generation, minorities stop being minorities. They become culturally indistinguishable from the overall society, with at most a unique subculture. This is true of all cultures. They're malleable. No one freaks out (here in the US) about the Polish Menace any more, nor about what all those greasy catholics (!) are going to do to our society, nor about all that lucre under the control of The Jew, nor about what will happen if we allow those awful Blacks to wed (!) our pure, white daughters. Do you see the point? In 50 years, all this "ZOMG Muslims!" mania is going to look equally dumb. If all that scary stuff didn't kill us, what are a few muslims going to accomplish? :) The saddest thing is how many of the people freaking out over things like muslim immigration (or, here in the US, mexicans) are grandchildren of people who saw exactly the same kind of discrimination. I count two transistors. Does that really count as an integrated circuit? I've always viewed the definition of an IC as a manufactured object, this is clearly hand-built. Actually, modern ICs are surprisingly regular and clean looking. My wife is a semiconductor process engineer and I occasionally get to peek at the electron microscopy images over her shoulder. She isn't allowed to tell me what they are, but I can read the distance scale, and these are transistor-sized features. And they have square corners and straight lines. It's pretty amazing stuff. But yeah, if this thing wasn't produced by photolithography, it's sort of a evolutionary dead end. Whatever the semantics of what qualifies for an IC, this really isn't a meaningful predecessor of a modern chip. You miss the point. A few generations back there was no "western culture". There were protestants (here in the US, the "good guys") and the Other People: catholics and jews, who didn't share "our" values. They were fundamentally incompatible with our culture, and didn't belong here. The same is true now, it's just the faces that have changed. I know quite a few muslims, actually, of varying levels of religious devotion and professional development. You might be surprised to learn that none of them are terrorists or militants. I dare say I know more about Islam than you do, honestly. > if we keep making promises we can't keep, then those social contracts become null and void. Well, sure, I guess. Or, you know, we could just pay people 80% of what they expected and call it even. That number is actually about right for a minimum payout if you look at the demographics, after that the baby boom will be out of the system and we'll be back at a steady state. Is that really a crisis? It's certainly not a "null and void" social security policy. There seems to be an argument coming from some segments of society (interestingly, identical with the ones that want to eliminate the social security entitlement) that it we can't pay every penny of the social security obligations that ZOMGWTF the system will collapse. It's just not true. We'll manage. "Null and void" indeed. Amen. I really would have expected more open-mindedness here. This whole "muslim plague" narrative I'm hearing from european right-wingers is straight out of 1920's america. It's all the same terms, all the same fear, all the same demographics. The only thing different is the proper nouns. Let me get this straight: in the middle of the dotcom collapse, someone went out on a limb and predicted that a dotcom titan would fall? Wow, now there is a radical, out-of-the-box thinker. We need more authors like this guy. I think the author is confused between "tracking bugs" and "a bug tracking system". The former is a social process, and something that all projects do on some level. The latter is a piece of software, which may or may not help the project to do the former. The author even discovered the evidence for this, but missed the meaning: git's bug work happens on the mailing list, while mono's goes on in the tracker. Don't confuse software with problems. That's how we get bad software. I think more charitably it's because mono is in some senses a write-only project. It's a collection of people who are essentially writing software to an external spec. Except for design details at the very core (probably handled via private mail between the half dozen people involved), there really isn't any need for elaborate collaboration on development details. And futures issues (the "how do I do this?" kind of discussion) are all directed at microsoft anyway, not mono. I guess I'd have expected it to be a little sterile. Certainly it isn't something I'm dying to work on. You can implement a set as an object, though. One presumes (not having tried the tool) that it's not sensitive to order differences in object field initializers. Basically, "set" isn't a native data structure in Javascript, so it doesn't exist in JSON either. You can use arrays for that purpose, but just as with code, you need to be a little careful. Probably you should consider storing all your "sets" in a normalized (e.g. sorted) form. Uh... what conceivable purpose can this have? Bragging rights? Or is the intent that someone checks this stuff off and decides to only hire "log(n) level 3 competent programmers"? Guess I'd better get to work finding professional experience in prolog, and write some custom macros for the IDEs I don't use. Yikes, I'm falling behind... Not to be too snarky: but what feature of CSS variables can't be emulated just as cleanly with a little jQuery? There is always going to be a spectrum between "style" and "behavior" attached to elements, and it strikes me as much more productive to try to solve the problem at the level of a programming environment instead of a no-longer-quite-as-static-as-originally-envisioned style description language. Sorta. I'd have preferred to see an example or two. The problem is that "sequential" vs. "concurrent" isn't solely an implementaion choice. It's a property of the problem . Some problems are inherently sequential, and can't be meaningfully scaled to an arbitrary number of cores. So color me skeptical, basically. Concurrency is hard because it is hard. While there may be a paradigm out there that makes it less so, I'm going to need to see it in operation before I make any judgements. OK, I call shenanigans here. In what was is adding a feature to a non-programmable, designed-by-commitee data format instead of using a tight, well-defined and very powerful feature of the pre-existing development environment ... elegant? My original question was, after all, an aesthetic one. I guess I just simply don't understand your thinking here. But that phone design, too, has tradeoffs. It's thicker, and more failure prone. This isn't an either/or subject you can poll. It's OK to ask if someone prefers the iPhone or a Blackberry. But you can't just separate the keyboard feature and get a meaningful answer. Indeed. Rather, exceptions are a super "break", not a goto. I do think there's some reasonable insight in this article. Lots of folks get very confused about the difference between an exception and an "error", or "return value", and produce code that mixes the concepts in strange and terrible ways. Nonetheless, misuse of a tool isn't really an indictment of the tool. Certainly good exception handling can make some designs much, much cleaner than they would be with traditional handling. No offense, but yeah: that's pretty horrible. Checked exceptions are one of Java's few true innovations. Used properly, they force you to handle errors in the spots where they occur. What you're doing is a 1:1 equivalent of ignoring the error codes returned from your C functions. That's just never the right way to do thing. Well, sorta. Honestly, the problem here was that your platform sucked. If sem_init() "doesn't work" on OS X (is that really true?), there's no guarantee that the putative exception-enabled version would be properly throwing an exception either. Exceptions can be really useful, but they won't fix broken libraries for you. And it's also true that the POSIX synchronization primitives are a good example of how not to implement error handling in a C API. Too many things that are fundamentally usage errors (and should be caught at compile time) are flagged at runtime, leading to the silent failure issue you saw. Yup, I did the same thing about 14 years ago. I was steadfastly using pico (yeah, yeah, don't ask) until I finally sat down and forced myself to spend a week in emacs, and finally "got it". And I did it all again a few years later when (no longer using terminals or other people's computers) I finally bothered to map the control key to the left of "A", meta to underneath the '/' (sadly not always consistent on PC keyboards), stopped using the non-alpha keys, and realized how nice the "weird" keybindings always were. Well, no. I think the point of the blog post was that adding features is expensive (more so than the simple development costs) and that adding needless features is incurring needless expense. That much is spot on. The problem was that, as reality demonstrated, a "needless" feature is something that is very much in the eye of the beholder. Some folks really loved this gadget, apparently (I know zilch about the whole affair). So maybe it's a poor example of an otherwise valid point. But that's the wrong dichotomy. The problem is you're stuck in a particular mode of "usability" analysis. Basically, if you're the kind of person for whom TextMate (or whatever -- any GUI editor ir IDE fits the same model) is good enough, and you don't know why you would want to try emacs, you are not going to like emacs. The point is you have to "get" it. There's a point of epiphany after you've been using it for a while where you realize that you're not just changing your tool, you're changing the way you work and think about problems. This is the moment where "usability" suddenly acquires an entirely new definition for you, and you're hooked. But you need to junk TextMate first. You can't just try emacs, you have to live it, at least for a while. How's that for a zen answer? :) Indeed. There are bad coders everywhere. The problem with outsourcing is generic: you're hiring consultants, not hackers. There are "good" consultants out there, but even the best of them are basically bean counters. And no doubt there are plenty of great Indian hackers out there, but they're not on the consulting market. I read everything you wrote, and stand by my statements as written. You're not going to "get" emacs because you just don't understand yet. Use it for a month. Until then, reserve judgement. Or don't, I guess. You can write perfectly fine code in TextMate I'm sure. Agreed. There's nothing inherently power-hungry about flash. It's read cycle looks a lot like DRAM's, but there is no refresh required and the quiescent power is zero (duh, I guess: that's what non-volatile means). A flash drive running full tilt and hitting all the cells as fast as possible is probably going to have power consumption about the same as a DRAM array of the same size and cycle time, so somewhere in the low-integer watts. If existing drives are consuming more than that at "idle", then it's pretty clearly a hardware bug that should be fixed. If you like the company and are happy with the salary, sure: take the job. But don't expect that they'll suddenly drop a big equity package in your lap in a few months. You're absolutely right that you will lose most of your leverage by taking the job first. And let's be honest: it's not like this is brain surgery. If they really wanted you and needed to put together a stock grant to do it, they would. So treat it like any other job: if the compensation and work interests you, go for it. Not sure what your problem was. I just popped up a 91M log file I had sitting around in my emacs (a CVS build from about a year ago, somewhere on the 23.x line I think). It took about 7-8 seconds to come up (probably building the table of line numbers) and is perfectly snappy interactively. This is on a laptop with 2.5G of memory running Ubuntu Gutsy. This is just dumb. Who upvoted this story? Javascript's lexical scoping and closure behavior are 100% conventional, there are no surprises here. There is only one message variable and it is referenced in both functions. Apparently the author wants the "message" assignment to work like a C macro and be evaluated at bind time, but I'm not aware of any language that has that behavior. Dude, he's a pundit. A big name pundit, to be sure, but hardly the second coming of Benjamin Franklin. That may be so, but this is still just a terrible, terrible ruling. If the linked article is correct, it's the entire surfing habits of every youtube user, ever. A list of users who watched the Viacom videos in question should clearly be discoverable? This? It's a disaster. IANAL, obviously, but I have to believe there will be some way to appeal this order and get it sanified, no? I think this says more about their customer base than it does about the state of IE6 in the market as a whole. There are lots of IE6 users still out there, many of whom are using corporate installations that they can't upgrade. If 37signals (did I spell it right?) doesn't need that market, more power to them. But the reality is that better browsers just aren't as simple as providing a list of "click here" installation links. And you know what? All those curmudgeons were right (except for the bit about vacuum tubes: transistor logic was never slower or less reliable than tubes, ever). If you don't know how your tools are put together, there will be areas of software development at all levels which will forever remain voodoo to you. You can do an awful lot of useful work while relying on voodoo, but eventually the voodoo will catch up with you and you'll end up with an ugly mess where a better trained developer would produce an elegant hack. That's no less true for a web developer using rails than it is for an embedded systems driver developer. Basically, I've never known a great hacker who doesn't understand CPU architectures and at least a little bit of digital logic design. As for C specifically, let's just agree to disagree. I'll put of the sum total of "great hacks" written in C up against any amount of C++ or Java you can find. It's true that for some problems (web development being a good example) there are better tools (scripting languages, databases) for the domain. But that alone doesn't make C "woefully underpowered". Yeah, but think about what you're saying: the dichotomy you're drawing here between "essential" knowledge and "helpful" knowledge is precisely that between the skills of a merely adequate developer and a great hacker. Sure, an IT wonk can churn out working software. But they'll never aspire to build the world's next great startup. Have some standards, man. You can't be a true hacker if you're cutting corners like this. :) A lot of that has to do with Javascript's environment. While it is a functional language, it's living in a decidedly procedural world. The DOM is defined in IDL, for goodness sake, and even the really cool libraries like jQuery don't make much use of the functional paradigm. So there's not a lot of clever code to study that doesn't look like C, basically. Nonetheless, there are all sorts of clever things you can do with closures in Javascript to avoid big declarations of global variables, etc... You just have to dig really hard to find the sample code that appears in the tutorials for lisp, haskell, ML, etc... Dunno, I think it looks pretty cool. Bikes are much cheaper and get still better milage, though. This is about resveratrol, which isn't a new drug. It's been in and out of the news for quite a few years now. The article is a little confusing, but it seems that the current research has linked it to a mechanism which is also involved in the "starving mice live longer" phenomenon. That's definitely good news, scientifically. But the "wonder drug" theme is a little overstated. There have been lots of teasingly good results with this drug in mice over the last decade or so, but we're still waiting for a pharmaceutical to result. I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that you've never actually worked seriously in C. You probably had to maintain someone else's code at some point, got confused by the linker or debugger semantics, and decided you hated it. [disclosure: I peeked at your blog and resume, and it seems I'm broadly correct.] That's fine: work in C is grounded deeper than web development. You don't have the scaffolding around you to provide a fallback for changes. Sometimes you need to fix bugs from first principles, and that takes a lot more knowledge up front than web work does. But that's not the same as saying that someone who has that background is as unproductive in C as you are. Seriously: spend some time writing something serious in C, you might like it better. It will certainly seem more powerful than it does to you right now. The MIT CONS computer and its commercial descendants at Symbolics and LMI was not a parallel architecture. It was a fairly conventional uniprocessor CPU which happened to have a register and instruction architecture that provided some hardware acceleration for typical "LISP" tasks (specifically tagged pointers: the "pointer" value had a bit telling the CPU whether to load the value as-is or indirect through it to load the next value). As for why they were expensive: they were small market pre-VLSI minicomputers being sold in the late 70's and early 80's. They competed most directly with machines like the MicroVAX, and weren't particularly expensive for that market, AFAIK. Assembling and testing a few thousand ICs into a single computer is just inherently expensive. That's how it's commonly explained, but it's not really correct. The bitsavers.org folks have a copy of the original Lisp Machine paper: http://www.bitsavers.org/pdf/mit/cons/TheLispMachine_Nov74.p... The pointer/register format was very LISP-friendly, but the actual instructions are much more conventional. The trick is that instead of having to test the tag bits with separate instructions, the "load" instruction equivalent does it in hardware. You're not explaining that very well. Yes, classic relativity is a deterministic theory which doesn't have a time arrow. You can look at it as a single, static universe defined as the sum of all moments. But that's neither here nor there. Classic relativity is, strictly speaking, wrong: the real universe is, as far as we understand, provably non-deterministic. And in any case, it has nothing to do with this article, which is about the time arrow defined by entropy. Absolutely. Fancy chairs are the solution to the wrong problem. The problem is that sitting is just plain bad for you, and the solution is to stand up and walk around. This makes an important point that too few people understand. "Inheritance of implementation" is a rare trick. It's something appropriate to only a small fraction of problems. I constantly see people trying to use inheritance as an extension mechanism (i.e. "just inherit from this class to use the library"), and it's just a disaster. B-trees (and related data structures) are pervasive in the real world. Pretty much any application that requires high speed access from disk uses them. Think about filesystems, databases, etc... They're hugely useful. But they're not useful for the same purpose as a hash table, which is also a pervasive data structure, but for a different problem area: constant time access to in-memory data. I might quibble with the "Linux's command line offers no benefits" line. It's true that the shell is identical. But OS X, out of the box, is lacking huge chunks of what you expect to find out-of-the-box on a typical Linux distribution. That's a problem for anyone who wants to be able to portable scripts, etc... Add that to the fact that the existing package managers for the command line tools are kinda lacking, and I'd honestly put OS X behind even cygwin as a good example of a OS command line environment. The bit about Gnome vs. KDE is a sore point, alas. Canonical itself is clearly a Gnome shop, and that's what they ship on their core Ubuntu Desktop distribution. But KDE has a huge user base of near-fanatic volunteers, who insist (how dare they!) on maintaining the Kubuntu distribution in parallel. Both desktops work very well, and at this point neither is likely to disappear. FWIW, I use Gnome and prefer the architecture and API. I refuse to download any color scheme plugin from a site that uses blue headlines on a black background. It's been a few versions since I paid close attention, but as I remember OS X ships with only the bare POSIX tools, plus a few extras from the FreeBSD userspace. It lacks stuff like perl, python, curl, wget, ssh (maybe: not sure about that one), tcpdump, etc... That's all stuff the poor user is going to have to figure out how to get. And as mentioned, the existing package systems for OSS software are really primitive. There's just no equivalent for, say, the Ubuntu synaptic tool for new users. I'm not trying to make this into a flame war: clearly you can achieve a pretty solid command line experience in OS X if you know what you're doing. But you're never going to learn it there without a bunch of headaches if you don't already have that expertise. SQL injection attacks have nothing to do with whether they are on a shared box or running in a locked down cage. If they have any hope of fixing this mess, they need to start from advice that helps, not voodoo. More to the point: if the data is really on the disk, an API change isn't going to make the hardware run faster. But a mapped region certainly can be faster for random access reads from a file. Doing a seek() followed by a read() takes two system calls (and thus four context switches) in addition to any I/O overhead. Faulting the page in from an existing mapping instead takes only one interrupt handler at worst, and potentially completes without kernel intervention at all if the page is already mapped. A system call is a pair of context switches: swap the registers, swap the stack, change the TLB mappings, on some architectures flush the cache. Even the fastest system calls (Linux on amd64) take a thousand clock cycles or more. I think we're quibbling about terminology. I'm not sure of the difference between a "protection domain crossing" (not a common term, AFAIK) and a "context switch" (pervasive jargon). You seem to be indicating that the latter always involves a separate process, which of course is more expensive (on most architectures) due to cache issues. I'm using the term to mean a switch between two execution domains. It's a thousand clock cycles more than a function call (seriously, I'm not making this up: time it sometime). I guess whether that is "expensive" or not is context dependent. For some applications (e.g. database servers) that make lots of random access reads from large files, using a mapping can be overwhelmingly faster. I guess I'm stunned that this turns out to have been such a controversial notion... Uh... More like DRY is equally a new, fancy acronym given to a whole bunch of techniques that have been in use for years. This stuff isn't new at all, it's just experiencing something of a renaissance after the dark ages of the late 90's Big Design Madness. The "Spartan Programming" stuff Atwood talks about is focused mostly on C, Java and other low level imperative languages. "DRY" tends to be most used in the context of web development. Other than that, I agree: they're mostly the same idea. One thing I think is missing from this exposition is a discussion of tradeoffs. You can't blindly apply these rules, because they're to some degree contradictory. Example: you can make all your variables private to better "minimize accessibility of variables", but that requires elaborate accessor methods which increase "vertical complexity". Which is the right path? It depends, and the solution is a sense of aesthetic. That , not the rules themselves, seems to me what this techniques is all about. It's really just a different, more specific way of rephrasing PG's essay about taste in software engineering. To be clear: I didn't say "flush the TLB". Nonetheless unless you happen to be lucky and have those kernel mapping in there, those TLB entries need to be faulted in. That's expensive. Likewise the new stack isn't in L1 cache and needs to be read in from main memory. Likewise the kernel code to execute the handler needs to be read into the instruction cache, etc... Given that main memory reads are pushing 100 cycles on a modern box, all those things add up. A context switch (my usage: meaning a bounce to a non-local, non-current execution environment) is really expensive. This is mostly just a list of features without context. I'm sure "ellipsize" really helps for ... something. But I don't know what it is, sadly, because I don't know arc. Shouldn't posts like this be useful for people who aren't part of the cult already? :) Chill. That was exactly my point. Clearly you have a strong aesthetic sense. :) You might want to lose a few of those CAPITALS though. Someone might think you were screaming about software. "But there are other forms of concurrency. Processes that communicate using files, pipes, sockets, or even shared memory." I don't see how this solves the problem. It's true that some problems work well as pipelines where each stage does some finite, balanced amount of work before passing the data off to the next stage. But many don't. And I don't follow the files and shared memory argument at all: those are both shared, unsynchronized-in-the-base-API abstractions just like threading . And they're subject to all the same deadlocks and race conditions. The only difference is that you use slightly different synchronization primitives (e.g. fcntl() locks instead of mutex locks). It's correct to point out that traditional threaded code is difficult to get right. But it's naive and unhelpful to point to any kind of "secret sauce" as the solution. The difficulty of concurrency lies in the problem itself , not the API. Absolutely. I can't say enough good things about drumming: literally every bit of music I hear can become a collaborative (well, Karaoke-style collaboration) piece of shared expression. The only limit is the degree to which I'm willing to annoy the people around me. Why do you insist on making this a flame war? Sit down and write a program that makes 10M trivial system calls (getpid() is a good choice) and one that calls a function to return a constant integer 10M times. I'm sorry, but you seem to have a wildly inflated idea of the speed of system calls on modern OSs. The real world just doesn't work like that. This is my last post on this thread. Sure. And a reasonable discussion about that stuff and the tradeoffs involved (queues handlers need to be carefully balanced, for instance, and parallel loop constructs tend to drown CPUs in locking overhead) would be welcome. But the linked post was about "threads are bad, use secret sauce instead". There is no sauce. I think his broader point is spot on: virtualization is currently being used to solve a bunch of problems that existing time sharing systems (!!) have been handling well for decades. Running a few different development servers on a single box is trivial with any modern unix, and really isn't a call for virtualization. That said, the specifics of his problems sounds alot more to me like bad administration than they do issues with virtualization per se. Done sanely, virtualization isn't that bad. But it has to be done by someone who understands the problem. A typical IT team might not be up to the challenge. Mail in general (including maildir) is actually a classic example of how hard synchronization is even in the file regime. Take a look at the source to something like procmail sometime. It's a huge rats nest of locking abstractions. It's not something you can solve with file naming. That's just a technique for avoiding collisions. Click on links, like they always have? :) Almost no one types an URL. They type search terms and follow links. And needless to say, if you can't type the URL in its native language, you're unlikely to be able to read the page anyway. And if you really need to be able to see a normalized ASCII representation, it's still there. Non-ASCII DNS names are actually stored in "punycode", a semi-readable 7 bit printable encoding: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Punycode Are you sure getpid() is doing a system call and not reading TLS? It's a little apples-to-oranges, but it's not "wrong". Lots of IPC problems really are solved fastest using a socket or pipe. Writing to a shared memory buffer doesn't clue the kernel in to the fact that there is new data available, which means you need a syscall anyway to transfer control. And it makes the application responsible for all the buffering that occurs, and applications don't have a "big picture" available to properly optimize things. Don't diss the pipe. It doesn't do everything, but if you're going to pick just one IPC mechanism, it's the one. Cairo can, and does work that way. There are current cairo backends for X11, Postscript, PDF, flat image buffers, OpenGL, SVG, win32, quartz, and no doubt a bunch of others I'm forgetting. The whole point of the thing was to have a robust, path-based imaging model that works everywhere. This is now 4 year old technology. Please flame with more current criticism. :) Your implication seems to be that Cairo doesn't work on an accelerated backend? That's not correct. It is correct that the primitive assembly happens client side in Cairo, which I'm not sure is a misfeature. The IPC overhead of DPS was always one of its biggest problems. How about linking to the actual source instead of a flamebait media piece? Good grief: http://www.aps.org/units/fps/newsletters/200807/editor.cfm I'm having a little trouble finding the "explosion" in that text. They're publishing one paper by a presumptive skeptic, and are (ZOMG!) open to debate. Yeah, that's blown the consensus thing wide open, it has... Some of the point here is that the "college" section on your resume represents not just education, but evidence that you're not a total flake. An employer is going to look at your story and wonder why you couldn't, at the very least, get through a few community college courses or an associates degree. As someone who went to a "top" university and received a ton of financial aid, the money excuse doesn't really hold water. You can make this work if you try. Since you haven't made it work, one tends to worry that you aren't really trying. Someone who isn't going to work hard isn't likely going to be a good employee. That's a property of all projects, really. Even most commercial products are awful in early releases. Apple's genius is with managing to hide most of these early disasters from their customers. Just curious: how is xmlc not an extra "HTML generation API" that you have to learn? I mean, it seems we're stuck here. Either we use tag soup templates, or we use some abstraction to express the structure of the page in the language of the generator code. The former requires less training and discipline, but complicates maintenance. The latter is a framework to which you'll need to adhere. No free lunch. Amen. Any discussion of code style (symbol naming, whitespace conventions, braces, whatever) that is based on an argument about how long it takes to type the code is just wrong. A good typist can write thousands of lines of code an hour at least. That is so far below the development speed of even the best hacker as to be pure noise. There's a mild case for different code styles from a readability perspective, I guess. But arguing for (e.g.) case insensitive symbol names because the it takes too long to reach the shift key is just insane. But regardless: code readability is 90% a function of organization, not style. I will always prefer to work on well-organized code in mixed styles (or languages) than spaghetti code that adheres strictly to an elaborate style convention. "I'm sure the people who made those optimisations took very good benchmarks before they made them." Hah, good one! Very funny! XML parsing can be done with a simple tag stack and a linear walk through the document. It's very cheap. And a quick loop over 6 (or whatever) strings in L1 cache can easily be faster than a generalized hash table lookup. Given that the namespace tag lookup isn't a huge deal anyway (just walk up the stack doing a string comparison at each level), any optimization needs to be pretty lean to start with. I'd guess that the hash thing is probably a wash; this is the only technique likely to work well. And conversely, hackers tend to assume more competence from their fellow human beings than is really present, and thus are surprised when people end up suffering due to their own stupidity. And since it's surprisingly stupid, hackers tend to be less compassionate to the folks affected. But the problem is, suffering is still suffering whether it be stupid or not. A society with a destitute underclass suffering due to its own idiocy is still a society with a destitute underclass. The general definition of a "progressive" is someone who sees this as a problem irrespective of culpability, where a "libertarian" is someone who doesn't see it as a problem at all. I was a libertarian in high school, for the same reasons I was more or less a jerk in high school. I've softened since. Uh... that's a bit far. Even Ayn Rand would probably quibble with that definition. Certainly freedom from physical suffering is orthogonal, no? Or you're saying that it's OK to, say, stab you repeatedly as long as you're on my property and I'm not stealing anything from you? And sure, sure, I know you can get around this by defining your body and mind as your property. But then the whole thing becomes kind of a silly point, no? Everything can be a property right if everything is defined as someone's property. That's hardly profound. But we're talking about salary, not "impressive stuff on the resume". The market value of combat experience per se is basically zero (or else veterans would make more than non-veterans at other jobs, which they don't). Being able to fly other aircraft is irrelevant when all you ever touch is an A330. These guys can probably drive lots of cars too, but they don't get paid extra for it. Training ability has value, but not that much more than the value of those being trained (or else, again, we'd see teachers paid more generally). Likewise long experience is a wash in our society. We don't value it per se. And with your emergency management point, you need to show that senior pilots (as opposed to pilots generally) actually correlate with people who are more capable of avoiding crashes. I'm not sure that's true at all. Note that the fuel exhaustion emergency you reference was the pilots' fault in the first place (along with some dumb procedures by the airline too). History is filled with both young and old pilots who have saved (and crashed) their aircraft with their skills (or mistakes). Again, the point here was "senior pilots are paid more than they are worth". Your response is more along the lines of "senior pilots are really cool and totally deserve it!", which is sort of non-responsive. The real reason that senior pilots are paid so much is that they are unionized, skill-essential employees who don't compete in a market with non-union equivalents (the proof here being that non-union pilots in commuter jobs get paid dirt wages). This is exactly the same reason that the longshormen in the article are overpaid. It's dumb, but it's not so dumb that employers want to rock the boat trying to fix it. Just don't fool yourself into thinking that any of this has to do with their l33t skilz. It's a market thing. Except that the example given was Air Canada, which the last time I checked was indeed a foreign-owned airline. This is a global problem right now, and it's based on fundamental economics. Airlines are selling a commodity product in a competitive market at a time where operation costs are rising steeply. You can't "compete" your way out of that. Things won't stabilize until flight pricing comes to equilibrium again. The first paragraph is spot on, but the second is just wrong. Turbojets fly much faster than needed, for the convenience of the passengers. Drag goes as the square of speed, so per-distance fuel economy scales as the inverse of the trip time. One certainly can do much better than a turbojet simply by swapping the fan for a larger geared propeller and flying at half the speed. Agreed, I don't know what the author is smoking. But then, there's no accounting for taste. I also use Vera Mono in emacs, and like it a lot. I really feel for the poor folks still using courier (which-way-does-that-quote-go-and-is-that-a-curly-or-paren?) as a code font. To be fair, though, the linked font is a bitmap, not a vector font. So maybe a better comparison might be to the X11 9x15 or 10x20 fonts, both of which I spent years staring at and like very much. Computers have changed since the 80's. A lot. Micro-optimizations at the instruction level only help code that can run out of L1 cache. Typical tasks these days (c.f. web development, both server and client) use huge data sets, and are frustratingly resistant to this kind of trick. I'm not a big fan of either scheme or arc, frankly, but pg's decision to leave the optimization to the underlying scheme interpreter sounds spot on to me. Actually, that's an issue of design choice, not fundamentals. Turbojets fly higher because they fly longer (so don't worry as much about inefficiencies due to climbing to alititude) and want to fly faster (up to the tropopause, temperature is dropping which results for mildly complicated reasons in power dropping more slowly than drag does). But there's nothing inherently "lower" about a propeller. They work just as well at altitude as they do as sea level. It's just that market forces have dictated that props are better suited to low-altitude, low-speed commuter routes. But you could design a high altitude prop without difficulty. Pretty much. There are actually some fancy solar designs for low-speed unmanned cruisers that work up to the 80-100kft level (solar cells don't lose power with altitude, so they don't have the tropopause limitation that oxygen breathing engines do). Those things are all about efficiency, and they pick props for the same reasons that other efficiency designs do. Jets are comparatively more efficient at high speed (rather: high-radius prop losses grow with speed faster than low-radius fans), not at high altitude per se. But since tropopause-altitude is a design goal for speed designs, these two have traditionally been interchangeable. As far as credentials go, I'm the author of the "YASim" dynamics model that FlightGear ( http://www.flightgear.org ) uses. So while I'm a hacker and not an aerospace engineer, I do have at least a little domain expertise. Because the split there is about 55:45, which is close enough to even to be a wash. If men were 20-25% of the workforce in the life sciences (as women are in engineering and CS), then yes, it would be a problem. But they're not, so it isn't. You did look at the linked article, right? To be fair, all of the "world domination" quotes from Linus (oddly, the original didn't make the list) are made with tongue firmly in cheek. It's really not possible or practical for an open souce project to "compete" directly against another in the sense that Microsoft does. At worst, they snipe at each other counterproductively; at best, they share code and reimplement features trying to out-do the other. The bit about OpenBSD is real enough though. Theo has a long history of being ... difficult, and over the past few years Linus seems to have lost patience. You're overstating things. Apple itself has a solid handful of different toolkits and UI paradigms, some of which are better than others and many of which are legacy. Take a look at an actual linux distro, and you'll find it uses only one desktop and is quite consistent. Slamming Ubuntu because Mandriva exists (etc...) isn't really a meaningful argument. Hell, most of that "linux" GUI software runs great on OS X too . So by your own logic the Mac is "failing miserably" at consistency and has the "most appalllingly inconsistent interfaces" (more so even then Linux, which after all can't run Cocoa apps). Basically, this kind of broad-brush argument is mostly just flaming. If you have an actual complaint about an actual product (and I'm sure you do -- I have quite a few of my own), let's hear it. I'm still waiting for an actual complaint about an actual linux product that shows an inconsistent UI. KDE distros ship Konqueror on the Desktop, not Firefox, for example. Open Office is actually very gnome-centric, even if the widgets themselves are implemented with different code. Your point seems to be that you can assemble an inconsistent, frankenstein environment using "linux" stuff. Well, duh. But you can do the same thing with OS X or Windows. The stuff that ships as a product from actual vendors (be they Apple, Red Hat, Novell, Canonical...) don't have the kinds of problems you're positing, and haven't for quite a few years now. That's documentation, not comments. Nothing hurts code readability more than huge chunks of markup (markup!) getting in the way of the code you need to read to maintain. Javadocxygenwhatever generates pretty web pages, but leads to write-only source files. Amen. Comments lie . This happens all the time. Programmers who try to maintain code by reference to the comments will get it wrong. You have to debug the code. Comments, at most, should be a guide to what happens where. And who's going to interpret that output if all they have is incompetent contractors? The problem with database optimization isn't that "people don't understand it well", it's that database optimization is inherently obscure and difficult . With most code, performance is a local effect: you can look at the code and see why it's slow. With some harder problems, performance is data-dependent and you need to look very closely. With databases, it's worse still: performance is a feature of the schema , configuration , and (worse still) the quirks of the software (ex: I never knew MySQL can't optimize count(*) queries!) . They can be useful, but they're hugely complicated. In general, using a database without an expert DBA is a recipe for poor scalability. You mean MySQL can give you the answer in constant or log time. But folks like me, who naively use the count() aggregate like we've been taught in books, are going to have scalability problems unless we understand the internals of the database engine. That was my point: it's not a slam against MySQL per se, it's a slam against the whole development metaphor, which seems to derive unholy pleasure in hiding critically important implementation details from the developer. I'm not following your logic. ACPI is a published, open standard. Foxconn doesn't need to do anything for "linux" or "windows" specifically. They just put the tables in memory and hand them to the OS to use. But they aren't. They're specifically testing for OS versions and handing back different (and, in this case, broken) data to "linux" software. At best, that's horribly broken and a reason to avoid Foxconn hardware. Excusing it with this "Certification(tm)" canard is just spin, and you appear to have fallen for it hook, line and sinker. I don't see where Foxconn "tried to work with him", frankly. They asked one question (which completely missed the point: removing RAM doesn't tell you anything about ACPI behavior) and then punted with "we don't support linux". I don't know about you, but that's not the support that I want from my hardware vendors. I mean, sure, the guy might be a paranoid jerk. But Foxconn is hardly blameless here. Beware: this is a microbenchmark. It tells you a little about the interpreter innards that get used for different kinds of syntax, but that's about it. Unless you're writing tight loops over small data, though (e.g. doing cryptography in Javascript or whatnot) this is not where you will be seeing slowdowns. In the real world, performance analysis always needs to start with the data. Are the questions you are asking your data algorithmically fast? Are you failing to cache things that are expensive to compute and hurting performance? Are you incorrectly caching things that are easy to compute and hurting performance? Those are the real problems. And they have nothing to do with for() vs. Array.forEach(). This is a dupe, and a link to a secondary source. Here's the story linking to the actual googleblog entry: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=256896 How about abstraction? Draw a clean line between the API you're trying to document and the code that implements it, and make sure that comments for either don't cross-pollute. This is a good idea anyway. I can't tell you how many automatically generated documentation trees I've seen that are utterly worthless. Documentation of public interfaces gets mixed in with usage notes on internal structures, and you don't know what you're supposed to use.