There are other implementations too, like IBM J9 and GNU Kaffe. I remember using J9 in place of Sun Java when I was a desktop Linux user. By User, I mean business owner, it ought to be like an apple product in so much as the default interface is easy enough to do most of the things you would want to do with your PBX, Obviously, some stuff like configuring site-site peering, and a T1 PRI would need more experience, and an advanced interface. The idea is, some of the product line, may only be sold by VAR's, like anything that cant auto-configure itself, for example. For what market slice, think smaller :-P, I'm looking at the 3-300 Seat market, which is a much larger portion of the system market, then the high end stuff Cisco is selling. I'm looking at competing with Panasonic and Toshiba, and folks who have no phone system at all - for now, I have an idea for a much much larger system, that simply moves the point of aggregation up a level - I personally would love to knock Cisco out of the game at some point, their product is junk in many ways. I've never seen a Cisco install work as expected - and I've seen somewhere north of 30 of them - in my opinion any phone system that need regular reboots is garbage. Having supported phone system as a service, its often roses, honestly, in most cases it just doesn't work, the biggest issue being call quality (Choppy Audio, one way Audio, etc), also, SIP and NAT do not play nice, so you usually need an ALG if you want more then one phone on the customer premises, which annoys the customer as its another 200+ dollar piece of gear. I think the best idea is to partner with folks like Vonage, and other IP Telephony Carriers (Looking with a big eye towards the cable carriers offering business voice service like Comcast), to provide branded hardware, so they provide the trunking to the premises, we provide the phones. The customer can manage all their stuff internally, and the telco has an inbuilt market. Thanks so much for the advice! Or just use a Black and White Laser Printer? Really, anything you print, no matter what it is printed on with enough time an effort could be track back to at least the model and type of printer. Page last updated at 02:05 GMT, Wednesday, 1 April 2009 UK I'm surprised by a NDA that wont even allow you to disclose that you performed a project that did some certain things, or that you performed an undisclosed project for X Company, and then a list of the technologies involved. What of BSD? The stack /can/ be the same even. I would point out that both the Model S and X may very well have the circuitry to completely disconnect the cell pack at something below 10% actual charge (not displayed charge). I'm also really wondering how much of this is self discharge, and how much of this is poor load control of the standby electronics. Lower then it is in the bay area, just from observation. I buy American cars for several reasons: 1. Most American cars are NOT world cars, I'm a big guy, 6'3 300 lbs, I dont fit well in a world car, so I'm always looking at vehicles designed for the North American market, plus I do a whole lot of long distance driving. 2. Less intensive maintenance schedule, my town car will never need its timing belt changed, nor a valve adjustment, the primary services done, are simply to change fluids. 3. While is sounds jingoistic, its patriotic, I prefer to buy something made here. I think right about the perfect time to buy a car is after the initial 5 year break in - preferably with someone else doing the break in. I think its a good model though. I agree, since I want to be able to offer plans without long contracts, to deal with that I ether need to; 1. Raise the onboarding cost high enough so leaving at the drop of the hat is not expensive for us.; or 2. Lower the cost of acquisition of customers.; or 3. Pass the onboarding costs on to customers as a setup fee. If it costs me 250 dollars to bring on a customer, and they leave after two months, I'm never going to make money. Obviously a contract is always an option, I get stability, customer gets lower pricing, at a cost of flexibility on both sides. The big advantage of startups is customer acquisition is easier for us, they are less barriers for contracting, and getting them to try our service, furthermore; these are companies that have no real viable way of providing support as-is – it’s a win-win. This is new? I think there are good examples to take from Jobs. It's all about a time and a place, sometimes you want to drive to resolution, and be a dick, because that is what will produce the most efficient best result, and for other things, good enough _is_ good enough, and additional pushing will not result in substantive improvement. Wisdom is the ability to pick those two situation apart. I wonder how much this adjusts for natural fading in prints. Goes to show, just how much easier it is to write about a future, than it is to predict the future. Though on whole, if you grab a statement out of each (almost) you have the world of today. I like it. From where I sit it pokes fun at the stereotypical "living in the land of unrealistic expectations" Apple Macintosh user. Maybe that's why some of the folks are so offended at it. Like it or not, even the Mac is a complex combination of hardware and software, and while much of this is obvious to those of us who spend 8+ hours in front of a computer, its not obvious those everyone else. While perhaps poorly executed, I think the ads do point out the difference between Apple and Everyone Else; When you buy a Mac, there is ALWAYS an expert standing by to help you solve your problems, someone who knows everything about your hardware and software, this is something the PC world does not have. I think its designed to keep someone from taking the work, and selling it as their own. If you look at fonts, there are hundreds of thousands of unique fonts being sold individually. I really believe Mac OS is the future of the consumer market. It's easy to use, complete, and has friendly people at any apple retailer to help you onboard yourself on to the system. Either Apple, or the Apple Model. Hardware >> Software >> Support. All from one manufacturer. FYI: dig is not an 'OSX tool' its part of bind from ISC, it's a standard UNIX tool for looking up DNS information. Just a pet peeve of mine. The man who controls the press, controls the speech. Twitter undeniably controls the press in this case - they can do whatever they feel like. One thing that this article missed out on: Prior to 1984 Business telephone users cross subsidized Residential users, both thru higher local access rates, and higher LD rates. I'm not surprised. Everytime I see a webapp like this, I always wonder to myself "where's the click". I dont see a future for SaaS that is not targeted at people directly forking money over for it. I found the initial valuation questionable to start out with. But its clear to me, Zuckerberg is more interested in long term growth of his company than he is any short term profitability goals. I think Facebook may well be a great stock to hold over decades - but not for months or weeks, as the current market seems to think in. This does not surprise me at all - the telecom network is unbelievably fragile. I'm quite fond of requiring people to take the citizenship test before being granted their rights as citizens - including voting. First, its not off CID, its off ANI (ANI is what is passed to the remote endpoint when you call a toll free number), not that you cant spoof ANI - but often it can be a little harder, as its used in billing on the telco side. Second, every bank does something like this, I can access my credit card by phone with just the last four digits of my account number, and by calling in from my phone. I can do the same thing with my BofA account number in lieu of my SSN. Third, again, every bank is like this to some extent - every CC I have, if I call in from my number, and key in the last for digits of my credit card, I can get info. I should also point that knowing someones Tel Number, Account Number and/or CC number is a considerable amount of info to have. Thats a really great lil' snippet I like the new design, to be honest, I think it looks pretty great. On the other hand, I like the existing logoscript better, and I find the flag-on-the-tail placement, to be just plain tacky. I worked for Barracuda, I left, because I felt the company was slimy. On the other hand, from a customer service point of view, this supposed back door is great, it makes the product much easier to support, for a customer base who is honestly, most of the time not that technically astute. If they were more astute, they would have bought a different product. I used to do it so I could print stuff for consumption or filling out when I got home from the field... also, because I could (a good reason for anything). Now I use IPP for the same purpose, less security risk. It can actually, but only will sites every couple blocks for the useage profile invisioned by this concept. So while many of the posts seem to be focusing on how to pay for it, there is another issue. It's not technically feasible, in urban areas at 700 mhz you would need a very wide block of spectrum, several hundred megs, plus backhaul to provision something that could offer 50 mbit service to everyone, you need this, because of frequency reuse issues (700 carries too far, not enough atmospheric attenuation). In rural areas, you cant pay for the cost of the infrastructure on the subscriber density, rural areas need a much lower frequency to be able to make an affordable site density. For this to be possible, we need much more dense modulation than we currently have, and a wide block of spectrum. I really believe for urban areas the future is mesh, ala Ricochet (even using some of the same methods), which means cells that extend over a 1-3 block radius and extremely fast/wide backhaul, the backhaul needs to be automatic and self healing, wireline backhaul from anything more then every other 3-5 sites breaks the cost quotient. High Sites wont work in any event, you could deploy something in rural areas looking more like the cell phone network - but again, to enable reuse, you need a really wide block of spectrum. In either case, be it mesh, or cell site like things, these have to be engineered networks, you cant just throw it up and expect it to work. Also, the chance for great financial success as a commerical entity is low, see Ricochet and Clearwire. Voice service is still far cheaper here than in europe, same with long distance. For the UK to call the US is 28.95 cents a min, plus a 20 cent connection charge. For me to call from my local telco (CenturyLink) here to the UK is 7 cent a min to landlines, or 26 cents per min for mobiles. I know LD resellers from which I could get even lower rates, this is just incombent to incombent. Comperable to what you can get for unlimited ADSL from providers like earthlink, I should also note, that based on what I know, those prices are for capped service, versus unlimited for most american ADSL. That said, one thing Europe does beat us on is footprint, only a very small percentage here has real broadband access (sat access doesnt count). But that is the nature of the differences in population density. To an extent, yes. That said, for universal wireless anything, you need a considerable block of spectrum. Consider that between T-Mobile/Sprint/Clearwire/AT&T/Verizon in the Seattle market, they hold something like 400+ mhz of spectrum. To provide this kind of service, you would need a similar (though not as large) block of spectrum. If you just looked at LTE or WiMax, to roll out a nationwide footprint, you would need something like 250 mhz of spectrum, and that includes backhaul pairs, and this is to provide enough carriers per site that most people could get a 'similar to cable internet experience'. There isnt 250 mhz of spectrum (other than the huge swaths the government has held for itself) in the bands that are useful for both rural and urban environments. That sounds right for the Land Mobile service (and even more so for the vast swaths of spectrum that the government retains for itself) - but less so for the existing network carriers, they have carriers lit up all the time. I dont think they are either, to be honest, though I prefer uncapped. That said, I want to compare apples to apples. I'm a white guy (as white as wonder bread and twinkies, only thing missing is the blond hair, and blue eyes) but with an very common first and last name and a Persian middle name. For 5 years every time I flew, I was subjected to 'random' extra inspection, and was unable to check in online. When I questioned this, I was absolutely assured it was random, and there was nothing I could do about it. I don't plan on living the rest of my life in fear of the unknown, planes crash, people die, these things happen, its statistically less likely to die from terrorism then it is from a normal plane crash, consider that. I feel your pain, and its absolutely not right, and I hope in my lifetime, we come to our senses or I fear it may eventually result in a revolution. Nice to meet a coincidental fellow traveler so to speak. I was looking at the 10 years from 9/11, when I made the statement. I think it could be as something as a keyword match, and its either my middle name, or the fact that I have such a common first and last name that matches me to someone, somewhere who may or may not have done something, at some point in time. "For example, Facebook has considerably altered how we interact with our friends. In some ways, it has benefited us — for example, I wouldn’t have been able to have the conversation with Max that prompted this discussion if he hadn’t seen my Facebook status and chatted with me after noticing I was online." I'm a LiveJournaler, and have been since like 2003, and while the community is less busy than it was, I've been having a much higher quality of interactions on there, long before facebook was around doing anything. For me, facebook is just the latest chapter in helping people around the world connect, with more cute pictures of cats however that what came before. everytime I see that name, I mentally transpose the d and the r. and yet they are very different products, moj.io uses a mobile data network, automatic is just a bluetooth dongle. I dont think its nitpicking I would never recognize it unless I also owned the shirt, and knew what it was. I may order one when its refresh time. If I dont like it, I know I like the MBP with Retina, I do however like the touch point more than a trackpad. The people have nothing to do with it anymore. The vested moneyed interests are in control, and will be until the people wake up from their stupor and pay attention. I'm a contractor, I work for one of the largest telecom companies in the world. Anyone who has worked for this company knows how well known it is for endless bureaucracy, which is fine, because they pay me even if I cant actually do any work. I make around to slightly above market rates. I have no benefits. I pay for health insurance. I have no paid vacation. I don't get catered lunches. I don't get a foosball table either. Even though I'm a field service engineer, I don't even have a company vehicle. I'm a mid-career telecom engineer, I've been doing telecom support and IT Service for 10 years, I would love to find a permanent position, every perm role I have made it into, I've been either downsized or outsourced out of. So I contract. So when I see someone like this bemoaning their very good situation, I can't help but roll my eyes a little. Sounds like he didn't even call apple for help over the phone. When my ThinkPad breaks I'm on the phone to Lenovo right away. I shouldnt need a compelling reason to work some place. I - need a job, presumably they need someone with my skillset, now obvious, there are soft skill concerns, do I match the culture, is it going the direction I feel my career ought to go? Other then that, it should be pretty simple. this seem dangerous. EVDO was just an card change on the existing base station hardware, it meant in many cases no additional backhaul even on sprint the issue is excessively full backhaul - not Radio Access Network issues. Having spent many moons looking for work in the _rest_ of the tech industry, I find this post spot on. The startup world is strange, and not the real work in my humble opinion. On the other hand it shares some sucks with the real world. Cover Letters - This seems to be an excuse for me to gargle something unmentionable, and speak the great praises of myself and my often feigned interest in your company. Keyword Matching - How I hate thee, so much hate. On the other hand now fully 1/3 of my resume is a skills matrix, which helps the folks in HR who often cant tell a fax machine from a switch. References - I have an extensive collection of these, please do not ask me for them before you interview me. They could just as easily be bullshit and are not really a guarantee of anything, also, anyone who wants more than two of these should really go away. Land of Unrealistic expectations: I know I live in Seattle, but there is no way you will find a desktop support person for 13 an hour with 2+ years experience, the last time I made that little money was 8 years ago. Recruiters - Please read my resume before calling me. Clearly you have it, PLEASE read it. I dont even know what half of the roles are I get sent. Recruiters from India - See above; please improve your conversational english skills, and or just EMAIL me, also, I dont know what an E-Mail ID is - but I do have an email address. Online application systems - please dont make me fill out a profile in your system, just let me send a resume, I have no less than 100 of these accounts for one employer or another. I think thats all of my rant for now. Oh, totally. Nearly everytime I can get my resume into the paws of a decision maker, I get the job, but to do so I need to wind my way thru HR. Unless this is your first job out of college, I dont think GPA is relevant. Huawei, Lenovo, Wouxun. Why? What makes a luxury vehicle substantively different from a small car, if anything, you would get less benefit from the depreciation on a luxury car, because they tend to be worth more used. Also, a Luxury Car, and a top of the like 3/4 ton truck are in the same price range. Also, it is for example quite legitimate to outfit your outside sales people with a nice high end vehicle, they need to drive what their customers would expect them to. This seems to me to be like proposing a square wheel because round ones are unattractive. If you have a universal cultural idiom, I think it means you won the war of conveying a concept. That's a great idea if we all had a versioning file system (or for that matter if the filesystem could be a bit more abstract from the actual bits on the disk), most of us do not. Because there are many cases I can think of where you don't wanna save. Having had to sleep in my car when I lived in the Bay Area in the 2005/6 timeframe - this is spot on. Even though I was making 18.50 an hour (when minimum wage was either 6.75 or 7.25 an hour) I was unable to find an apartment that I could afford to rent, or could meet the deposit requirements (First/Last/Damage). I eventually found a room to rent in Sunnyvale/Mountain View for something I could afford, in the mean time, I was couch surfing, and sleeping in my car when needed. I have an idea myself to solve this; Unregistered works, are granted 10 years of protection, then either must be registered or become public domain. For individuals, After registration, Artist Lifetime, then renewal every 5 years thereafter. For corporate owned/created work, registration good for 30 years, and renewal every 5 years thereafter. Possibly, work must be kept in commercial availability somewhere in the 5 year cycle or you potentially could be challenged for the right to renew. I like this system because it solves something I see as a serous problem, abandoned works. And so? You can still opt out? I've been waiting for a large ISP to do this, its just a matter of time. In the future its going to be IPv6 + CGN. Public IPv4 will be a rarity. Excel is a great flat file database. It's also a great way of formatting a small amount of data for human consumption. Its not a database in the modern sense of the word, nor should be used as such. I love that quote. Really? Have you been in a Pennys? It's about as upscale as Dennys, and as hip as the dentist. On the other hand, it did offer consistent value and a consistent shopping experience. He tried to do in a year, what needed ten years or more to do, and failed. His failure is not unsurprising to any of us who have been in the store. Pennys, was so un-hip it almost became hip, but it rightly so had a image of dowdy women wearing housecoats shopping on a Tuesday. Me too. It was fat (tall) people clothing that was more conservatively styled, which far better suits my personal wants than the chain fat peoples store. Sears - maybe. Pennys was more middle of the road, more like Macy's for the lower middle class. I think this person hit it on the head. When it comes to distractions and thinking, less is more, and forced constant interaction is bad. wow, this comment made me whimper a little inside. Been waiting for this comment for forever. not fair! No. Sometimes I want to open the pdf in the browser, I often to not want to save it until I have been able to look at it and see if its what I want. I think that _was_ something, saying congrats is a perfectly valid sentiment to pass on such a momentous occasion. I've found Unix Text Processing ( http://oreilly.com/openbook/utp/ ) to be very very helpful when trying to some data processing I would normally do in excel. I think its about time. That said, a complete UI overhaul is.. I just see it as unlikely all at once, more of a gradual thing. I think the concept of the (Guaranteed Annual Income) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guaranteed_Annual_Income is the most effective way to deliver social services. The overhead is much lower than welfare, WIC or food stamps, meaning it costs less, and more benefit actually makes it to the poor. "When the iPhone came out, nobody used touch devices. The signaling benefits of skeumorphism were very useful, especially since most iPhone buyers were buying their first iPhone." I would hope so, the iPhone _was_ the first iPhone. It was not the first touch screen device, or the first smart phone. The Footnotes.. 1. Yes, I know about the LG Prada That’s why I said “nobody used” as opposed to “none existed” 2. And the end of skeumorphism does not mean flat design; things like gradients and shadows have their place I did read the footnotes, that doesnt mean the statement was invalid, so there author is treating iPhone as a synonym for smart phone, or there was somehow another iPhone before the first iPhone. I think a limited amount of skeumorphism is still useful and quite valid, I think however giving everything a texture to match what it would be, or the tape deck motif of the podcast tool is less useful, in fact, I think its distracting, maybe even for new (read non-technical) users. Everyone knows what the play, pause, stop, fast forward and reverse signs look like, are the spinning reels needed? It raises another question, when does chrome become just a distraction, rather than easing the user into using the product? I'm not seeing in the link about them dropping XMPP support, not in the source link the author links to. I see them not building XMPP support into hangouts, but its not the same thing, hangouts are not an IM thing, they are a web conferencing thing. This guy is right on the ball. I've spent most of my career doing customer care, and to put it bluntly, real companies have some kind of support, even if it costs money. If you interact with the federal government, its all metric, pull up any Radio License, the transmitter data is all metric. I should point out that we are not the only country in the world to sign their highways in miles, the UK does too.. still. Americans are lousy at metric, because we dont use it regularly, even though the government does, and the country is technically a metric country. I should also point out the UK uses miles too. I'm honestly wondering why this is here. Specifically, the section on "Why not send whole commands" made me wonder who this is targeted at, its pretty basic UNIX stuff to know how an Async ASCII terminal works. I've had this very interview, repeatedly, usually someone who doesnt know the difference between debian and a toaster oven. No, really. You can locate any transmitter. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio_direction_finding To get around the paywall. https://www.google.com/search?q=Obama+Plans+to+Take+Action+A... Mirror: http://updatednews.ca/2013/06/03/why-finnish-babies-moslty-s... I think the iPhone does support it. I've never considered call detail records to be particularly private. That's all this is. I've never considered Call Detail Records to be particularly private. Maybe its because I work in the telecom industry, I'm used to CDR's being all over the place, easy to get, export as text even, and not particularly private. It's always seemed to me that what you say on the call is far more important than who you are calling. For what period of time? ^^^ This! I love the soap, and the label is crazy, so was the man. The reasons given lined up with my own thoughts. It's very hard to build a stable, reliable and self repairing distributed network. Communicating status and presence info is the largest challenge that distributed networks is the hardest and most difficult challenge you have, whereas with a centralized server, and 'register' its fairly easy to push updates out for all of this. Also, the server can be set to maintain status for the subscriber, even if they are not really connected. The experiences I have had in the Valley have led me to call it "The Valley of my Discontent" COBOL isn't the problem, legacy systems, also, not the problem. A severe lack of oversight, and Documentation, that's the actual problem. Every sizable corporation has these problems, and often the new systems are worse, or can't handle the complex pay rules. But its the lack of documentation and oversight that makes any of these systems unmaintainable. With Documentation, any system, no matter how old, or how obscure is maintainable. I'm going to ask a dumb question. I have a commercial drivers license, I've driven semi tractors, large straight trucks, and a wide variety of passenger vehicles. Is it safe to presume that flying one type of widebody airliner is the same as flying any other kind of widebody airliner? I can drive a Pete, Freightliner or International and they all largely drive in the same broad generalities. Just as I can drive any full size car, and they all drive the same. Would two similar classes or aircraft be the same? Uhh.. couldnt you use make; echo -en "\007" to trigger the terminal bell? It seems so much less complex. Microsoft got sued in the 90's for not extending retirement plans to its temps. Since then the two track system developed. While calling him a traitor is a valid point of view, its not NPOV, the foundation wiki is built on. FWIW, I think is a hero - and I suspect he will come to be regarded as such by most Americans. Couldn't I just use links to get the same effect? But with the comments (what I consider the best part of HN) They appear to be working on that. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_High-Speed_Rail I stopped reading the mainstream gay media a long long time ago. There was a point when I realized it represented a way of life and culture that I had no interest in, and would never welcome me either. The only thing I have in common with much of the mainstream gay community is an attraction to the same sex, my geekiness represents many more important cultural touchstones to me. What an interesting set of photos - a window on the world we never see. That make me giggle, just the whole mix of twitter and an SEC notice. How is it substantively different on styling than a 2014 Focus 4 Door or Taurus. The styling is bland an unoriginal, it looks like every other car for sale these days, whats worse, its bland an expensive, I can afford a focus, I cant even begin to hope to afford a Model X. It doesn't seem to tell me how much it is.. Generally if I have to ask the price, I probably can't afford it. I want an electric car, I want one with a range of about 400 miles, with charging stations to support it. jAs soon as the electric car is as easy for me to use as a gasoline powered one, I'm ready to drive one. For what it's worth, my line of work (making all those mobile devices work) requires an enormous amount of driving. I'm an hourly employee (functionally non-exempt salary). Whenever employers ask me for exempt salary, I quote an rate that is 1.5 to 3 times as much as I would earn if hourly non-exempt. This is part of my insurance policy, so I can make sure I can take care of myself when my company cant. Now, while I realize I have a really unique skillset, and have project knowledge which will see me thru - when I have to take my 45 day break ahead, I realize I may not come back. This would make me sad, but I'm well taken care of by my own savings, and by unemployment. The shell of the car however is the part that us mere mortals can see right now. Having recently driven a Kia Optima, Ford Focus, Fiat 500 and a couple older vehicles (2011 Crown Vic, 1997 Town Car, 1967 Cadillac) I dont see a substantive difference, the difference in my mind is less a function of design, and more a function of the materiel chosen to implement the design. All of these cars clearly had a whole bunch of thought put into where the controls are and how they functioned, but what made something feel quality, was the choice of materiel and how well it was put together, the design qualities were more or less equal. What makes the Tesla innovative to me is the technology in the drivetrain, not the inside of the car. My personal tastes would dictate having more things labeled with words over say otherwise inscrutable symbols - I rented a 2010 DTS once, it took me 15 min to figure out how to turn either the wipers or the headlights on, because I couldn't figure out what the icon meant. If I can reserve something, its functionally for sale, I should be able to see how much the total price of the vehicle is before reserving. I tried that, the reservation link seems broken. Out of my price range for now. My 97 Town Car could do 400 miles on a tank - close to 29 highway. I would pay 40 dollars a year to not get junk mail. Interesting. I've been talking about risk for a couple years now. Kids today have no idea what a reasonable risk is because most of them have not be allowed to make any life choices (or for that matter, any choices at all), so when they hit adulthood, they have no real idea whats a reasonable risk or not. I think we will see this effect odd parts of our society more and more as time goes on. Here is the link to the original BSTJ article. http://www3.alcatel-lucent.com/bstj/vol39-1960/articles/bstj... I have a dumb terminal, I figured out one day - that on that serial terminal, I could do about 80% of what I normally do with a computer with it. Next step is to figure out the oldest hardware to use with it, that would still let me hit that 80% target. Medical technology has not really moved forward too much for basic care from 1986 (HIV and new Chemotherapy drugs are the two things I can think of brought to market since then) That future still sounds a whole lot better than our present. I'm not anywhere near convinced that the 24 hour news cycle and social media are good for anything or anyone. I think this is spot on, if you're buying 2 million units of X its nearly always cheaper per unit than buying 1 million. That said, I dont expect to see a total platform convergence, I see a future where you have iOS and OSX, and where you could for example run iOS apps on OSX, I dont see them following the same route Microsoft did with Windows 8. I've noticed my battery life as more to do with how many notifications I get over any other usage. People dont produce children, Humans have sex, make babies. We've been doing it for as long as humans have existed. I like how Windows 8 works, just dont like how it looks. I never considered video editing a key application for my mobile telephone. Even with the camera, I would expect to take the video on the phone, and edit it elsewhere. I'm 30. I have a good job, for a telecom carrier, I make more money than I thought a could, enough to live in one bedroom apartment and save a little for a rainy day. That said, I have no stability (I'm a contractor who's project could vanish at any point in time), no retirement (my retirement plan right now is death), no insurance I can afford (would cost over 10% of my take home to get it). I long for stability, permanence and benefits. I know right now it sucks - but I know in a couple years the boomers will be exiting the workforce in droves, and there will be room for me in the permanent roles. I just have to bide my time, be patient, and wait, and it will all work out. I hope. Then what is it exactly? I have an iPhone, it makes a pretty great mobile telephone! It's still a phone, even if it does all of those other things. The web interface for Yahoo! Groups is more or less unusable. The admin panel doesn't load, can't read messages, can't approve people - More or Less - its non functional. Yes, indeed. I've thought about starting an airline - an all inclusive fare type deal - also no carry on bags. Bringing a COW (Cell on Wheels) in seems like a reasonable precaution - you have a presentation with lots of people showing up, you want everything to work correctly. I can see that as a reasonable precaution in a demo device. It all depends on the level of showmanship you want. The technical details of the presentation are interesting, but less relevant than how well the device worked at launch. It worked. The iPhone was a success not because it was the first, but because it was the first really usable device, it put everything that came before it to shame. I think this is a really neat (small) study of how a product makes it to market. Truth is, I would probably buy this razor if I could, I dont need a 97 blade extravaganza I just want something to scrape the extra hair off my face. As far as using Indian students from MIT - thats a neat way of trying to lower development costs, while still targeting the specific needs to the ethnic group targeted. It didn't work perfectly, because it couldnt test for local use cases, but its still a neat start. Yeah, the product discussed in the article is safer than a safety razor - that was part of the point. When I see stuff like this, I feel so very very fortunate to have an extremely common name. It is extortion however to charge to remove images as far as I'm concerned. I use junction/hard links to alias part of my filesystem into dropbox. There is a real use case for it. I would point out that NT is already running on ARM, it was demoed at one point recently prior to the launch of windows 8. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/b8/archive/2012/02/09/building-windo... I dont think people do, that doesnt mean it doesnt happen by accident. Until we can get file system as a database, and all of this can be abstracted, it can be a real issue. That said, the target here is a developer - a bit of careful planning can avoid said complications. Because before it was tracked by git, it was in bitkeeper, and it was likely in some other system before that. I feel old. because I'm in a hurry, and neither have time to cook, nor for a sit down meal. if I look at my raw mailstream his case might be correct, I aggressively use filtering so most of what makes it to my inbox is actually mail. I think there is something else coming still yet, maybe Q1 2014, maybe it was supposed to be ready now, but wasnt. As someone who lives in the land of trees and windows (and grew up in the land of the freeway) I count Santa Cruz as part of the Bay Area, there are enough commuters running up and down CA-17 to make it count. It's also the worst, Widnows IMAP client I've found, period. I suspect it doesn't implement caching in an intelligent way. I long for a functional version of Evolution for Windows. Evolution flies as a IMAP client. I loathe to use any client with POP. I've always wondered why the KG was not defined as a certain volume of Water at Sea Level. Well, I'll be dammed. The automatic matching BS is why my resume is chock full of bullshit with a skills matrix. I would rather they look at my overall experience and try to match me to a relevant job. This to me points at the flaw of the startup model. Most of the problems startups are solving are not real problems, they don't need solving - but there is money to be made in solving them, so they get solved. This is a problem (lack of jobs/affordable housing) that does need solving, but there isn't much money to be made in it. Jobs are something we can focus on. Many companies choose to make marginally more profit by moving production to 'low cost markets' rather than manufacture here. I believe firmly if you make your product overseas it should cost some amount of money in duty to bring your product back to the United States, ideally about (or maybe more than) the difference in cost between what it would cost to make your product here and what it costs to make it there - is it an easy to implement solution? no. But its the right thing to do. That said, I believe that rising transport costs will eventually solve this problem for many types of goods, probably within the next 10-15 years or so. Why should I use tmux over screen? oh god. I hate math, but I'm very very good at basic math, if I had had to learn like this, I cant see how I would have learned anything except that I didnt want to learn more. Because I'm selfish. I'm an American, my countrymen are hungry, homeless, and cant find jobs, in a country that is not well accommodating for the poor. I hardly think I can be blamed for wanted to help my countrymen first. Not one that does any good when you don't have a house, or food in your belly. In short, I believe I need to solve problems near to home before I worry about the rest of the world. There are hundreds of NGO's who worry about Africa and development in the developing world, there isn't really anyone working on poverty here, at home, not with any resources. So I want to work on creating jobs here, here where there are real environmental rules, protections for workers, occupational health and safety rules. Medical Rape - comes to mind. I was speechless. I try to do as much research about the company as I can, so I can speak with some knowledge and have some questions for them. If I can I research even who will be interviewing me, so I know some of their background - not to let on, but to try to give me an idea of what kind of questions they will ask, based on the experiences they have had. I don't think my education institution, employer, or a place I may volunteer for has any right to ask for my social media information, or use anything they may find on social media in any way. It's an invasion of privacy, because of how ubiquitous social media has become, its a bit like requiring you to submit transcripts of all your interactions with your friends over the last 6 months or whatever. I'm gifted and cursed with a very very common name, it's in the top 20 of male first/last combinations. I've had trouble with flying because of it, I've had some difficult explaining to do when some overly broad background checks come back (matching on first/last/DOB), problem with collection agencies, and the usual problem of it being impossible for any agency to find me by first/last (a double edged sword). It's frustrating but its also a shield, so long as no one can bridge the gap between my real name and the nickname I use online, I'm safe from this kind of digging, I feel sorry for those who're not. Falling gasonline prices have had me worried for a couple weeks now, for me its a sign that we are on the cusp of a double-dip recession. Growing income inequality belies a wider underlying weakness in the economy. The Depression grew from a decade long recession in the agricultural market, it was sparked however by a stock market bubble imploding that caused widespread bank failures. The failures of the banks are what turned it from a blip (see the post-dot-bomb era) into a worldwide crisis. I believe honestly that the next 5 years its going to be about as bad as the last 5, but hopefully should improve going forward. How old are you guys, like 8? How could they not know this? "The challenges the world faced in 2010—low home values, credit hard to get, central banks unable or unlikely to lower interest rates further—“were nonexistent in representative-agent models,” says Christopher Carroll, who teaches at Johns Hopkins. At the ECB’s Frankfurt conference, Carroll presented a paper that bolstered Krusell and Smith’s model with microeconomic data. For Carroll, people differ in one crucial way. “The marginal propensity to consume,” according to the paper, “is substantially larger for low-wealth than for high-wealth households.” Rich people behave like the hyperrational agent. They plan for the future. They save during a stimulus, thinking about the taxes to come. And they can borrow during a fiscal contraction. Poor people are what economists call “borrowing constrained.” They tend to have more needs than are being met, so when money arrives, they spend it. When the government stops spending and credit is hard to come by, the mythical everyman, like the rich person, continues to spend. But most real people don’t have access to credit, and they hunker down. Carroll’s findings have been confirmed by other academics in the last two years who looked at Italian and U.S. data." I remember what poor was - I always knew where my paycheck went well before I got it. Seeing this 'nâ€™s' totally takes away from what the website is trying to say. Something can be both unauthorized and perfectly legal. They don't want it to happen, that doesn't mean it can't be done. I'm in Seattle, and 80% of my Amazon packages come via OnTrac and UPS. USPS is mostly books - and only from 3rd party sellers. I find this just plain damm creepy. On the other hand if it were a site where people could post requests to find people they missed like that - that could be a pretty neat site. Sure it does - I've seen stranger stuff. Though in this case it might just be trendy .co domain that makes it so :-P In reality you're right. Seeing someone naked shouldn't be the end of the world - no one should be fired for nudes appearing online somewhere. No ones life should end. That said, this guy in a total sleeze, and knew that (a) he had no rights to do so (b) its morally wrong (c) it had a good chance of ruining peoples lives. While we need to fix the first problem I think (cultural taboo about nudity) what sleezebag did is still wrong, and not fixing the first problem. What a well presented and interesting article. The book being reviewed here is one I've been meaning to pickup and read for a while, just been lazy about it. Huguette Clark was literally a living fossil - possibly the very very last holdover from the gilded age, really a very sad story. Though by all accounts - she was happy largely - so maybe not so sad in absolute terms over all. Discounting the sleeping giant works great, until they eat your lunch. Microsoft has an enormous capacity to innovate, mostly thru brute force of the billions of dollars they have sitting around, but still, innovation is innovation. Microsoft is in nearly every enterprise anywhere, partially due to inertia, but also do to the fact that no one else offers a complete solution - Office is ubiquitous because it was better than all of its competitors, and largely still is. Outlook/Exchange from a objective point of view is horrible - but there is no other complete solution that matches its features. In every one of their traditional markets they have blasted every incumbent away and largely kept any new competitors from entering in any meaningful way, That said, from about 2001 - when entering new markets they've been like a rudderless ship sailing around in circles. However, there is a changing of the guard coming shortly, one that I think could change the direction of the company in ways that could cause sea change in any new market is chooses to enter. Once Microsoft can figure out how to work with itself again - god help any part of the technology sector they choose to target. Posting about it on HN might be :-P I just read it, having done so it appears she was largely happy, and in her place by her own choice. I still can't get it here. No clue when either - so frustrating. SNR is on the right line there - I'd have him look at the splitters inline between him and he curb. Don't ask your family for money, ever. You'll pay for it in grief 1000 fold over every time you see them in perpetuity. We're doing this now one way or another, I mean in terms of dollars spent. The problem is, its 14+ different programs doing it - if we make ONE program, we've just cut how many administrators and bureaucrats out of the loop saving however many dollars in overhead - plus all sorts of different infrastructure systems to administer and pay it all. It's logical common sense this program would work more cheaply (and possibly better) just thru overhead savings. Means tested welfare is wasteful. More guns is not the solution to stop crime. It's jobs, it's income, it's opportunity. People commit these petty crimes, join gangs, and so on - simply because there are no other options open to them - there are no jobs they can get to - beyond that our broken education system didn't give them the skills to hold a job. Unemployment does work as insurance - the difference it, the beneficiary is not the one paying for it - their employer does - and I, the employee takes some of that thru lower wages. I call BS on this: "But in most cities around the country, the local electric distribution company provides overhead street lighting as a basic service at a flat monthly rate per light, which includes the light itself, maintenance, and electricity. Therein lies the rub—regulated utilities often have little incentive to invest in more efficient streetlights, which offer a reliable, consistent, and often lucrative revenue stream that comes at a time of day (or night) when demand is low." If their getting a fixed rate, LED's would be quite profitable for them due to lower servicing costs, and lower power consumption - meaning for that fixed rate, they take in more income. Beyond that, in many cities - running and maintaining the streetlights is included in the franchise rights to sell power in a given city - meaning to sell power, the power company had to install and pays for the lights. I swear something like this was posted about a month ago. Huh. I posted this same article about two days ago. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6810685 http://spectrum.ieee.org/energy/the-smarter-grid/san-francis... an AC/DC power supply at best like 70-80% efficient DC-DC converters are upwards of 98% efficient. So you loose 10% in the UPS/PDU Scenario (AC - DC (Float on Batteries) AC) then another 20-25% in the power supply. Meaning to generate 100w inside the PC you need 137.5w input, plus whatever distribution losses you have. If you use HVDC supply with rack based DC-DC Converters. So AC-DC (90% efficient) and DC-DC (98% efficient) You can generate 100w with only 112.2w input. Figure that's for the the whole rack, verses per chassis power supply conversion for the AC model. You can do one 3.3v one 5v and one 12v power supply per rack. You're also saving a huge amount of heat too, heat that you dont need to cycle out thru additional A/C Hardware. I'll admit I cherry picked a little. But the numbers I used are largely borne out on the link you provided. Look at page 52 and 53. I think however larger rack/frame mounted DC/DC converters would likely be even more efficient than per chassis DC/DC converters, but would require almost totally custom hardware. I'm aware of the neg 48 vdc stuff out there, I work in the telecom industry, and plan on building a 48v power plant whenever I buy a house :-P. That's not quite what I was talking about - Rather than need to distribute 48v you could do 240v or 384v (5 or 8 48v strings) and then do DC-DC in each frame to generate 12v/5v/3.3v power supplies, which supply the voltages directly to the hardware, if you needed 48v in frames, its easy to put a DC-DC converter in to get that too. I shudder to think at copper costs to distribute 48v. They could have then, but mercury vapor rectifiers are/were expensive, mogen sets are noisy and need service - its far easier to put a big one in, than lots of little ones. In response to: http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2013/11/20/fcc-announces-plans-t... http://www.fcc.gov/blog/ip-transition-starting-now It's all conjecture on my part, but I'll take a stab. Deploying a next-generation telecom infrastructure is an interesting challenge - but one that is underway as we speak. Verizon chose Fiber to the Premises (FTTP) (FiOS). AT&T chose fiber to the node (FTTN) (U-verse) and is rolling out VDSL. CenturyLink (Qwest) has also picked FTTN and is rolling out VDSL as well. These rollouts are slow moving - but will continue to use copper for the foreseeable future - FTTP is the long term future still I think - but we keep being able cram more and more data over a pair - and with pair bonding that number keeps rising. For now at least, most voice will still be served over fairly long loops from the CO - AT&T is rolling out VoIP over U-verse - Verizon is doing the same over FiOS, CenturyLink has not yet marketed VoIP to residences - but I suspect it will come in a while (when more of their footprint is covered). Fiber to the Node has the advantage of having fiber near the customer when the cost of repairing the legacy copper exceeds the cost of putting fiber in to each house. Largely, based on my research - the new VoIP circuits are often being served off TDM offices that have upgraded been to packet switching. Both Lucent and Genband offer a way to upgrade their TDM switches to a packet based core (Lucent 7ESS or 7 R/E and Genband C15 Session Controller). In short - the article was full of hyperbole - If you look at the underlying blog post - it doesn't mention the removal of copper, copper will play a big part in last mile service delivery for likely another 20-30 years - in the end is about replacing the TDM based network core with packet switching - a process that has been going on for almost 20 years at this point. With proper engineering a packet based system is every bit as (if not more) reliable as TDM based one. That said, it raises some real questions - what of universal service? How about the CLEC market - will they be granted access to the new networks which are replacing the old? Only time will tell. If you get bit (shocked) by DC, you let go, drop it instantly - AC will not allow you to drop it, you have to be pulled off. If anything its safer. Also, DC has lower loss over a given conductor. The problem historically with DC was changing from a high voltage for transmission and low voltages for loads, something changed by solid state devices. That's actually pretty normal - your body doesnt conduct well, people die because of current in the sub 500ma range, a bigger issue is once hold of AC, sometimes you cant drop it. If I could make the same money I do now washing dishes, I would take it in a heartbeat. I was in much better shape, and honestly, my job was more fulfilling I could point to and see real progress every night of work. If it were not December, I would assume this was an april fools joke. How right, so very very right you are. Quoted from the thread you linked. "Raise your hand if you have iTunes ... Raise your hand if you have a FireWire port ... Raise your hand if you have both ... Raise your hand if you have $400 to spend on a cute Apple device ... There is Apple's market. Pretty slim, eh? I don't see many sales in the future of iPod. ~LoudMusic -- No sig for you. YOU GET NO SIG!" Agreed. If it works or if it doesn't, its something new and very different.