Honestly, 'deserving of praise' makes no sense to me. There are only behaviours you want to reinforce and behaviours you want to discourage. I think I want to reinforce offering internships (giving the $100 in your example) so I wouldn't differentiate between the two cases and I'd praise them both. This company is stepping up when they are able to. Good. I want more of that. Yes, this will work and is current healthcare professional practice in many places. It will take a few days, though, so people usually line up like 5-6 and then rotate through those. If you can heat the masks that's cool, too, but then you have to make sure you don't damage the elastic or seal. Waiting will work. The introductory chapters of James Gleick's Chaos are about meteorology. When I read it I was blown away by the fact that these mathematical systems had sensitive dependence on initial conditions to such a degree that there was fractal complexity. Very cool! I had this belief that if I get another decimal point in in the observations I would get closer to the truth, but if 1.25 and 1.2 could yield diametrically opposing results that doesn't work. Threw me for a loop, honestly. Classic Related Stories: * Patriot Missile launchers must be rebooted periodically to account for accumulated errors from truncation: http://www-users.math.umn.edu/~arnold//disasters/patriot.htm... * Cruise missiles with memory leaks that do not matter because they'll reach the target before they allocate all memory: https://groups.google.com/forum/message/raw?msg=comp.lang.ad... That's a really cool program that it allows nominating someone from outside the company. Very nice! Congratulations to Daniel Stenberg and good show for Gaspar Chilingarov to nominating him. I was able to donate my masks through a local healthcare worker. They can still use it. The thing to remember is that mask reuse is possible and a damned good idea. Btw, as usual there's more misinformation as to what masks healthcare workers will find useful. People will tell you that you can't share those because they're contaminated - wrong! I already did so in a fully informed manner. People will tell you that you can't reuse - wrong! You absolutely can reuse. Keep eight. Keep them separate. Do not allow contact of anything with the inside. Keep them face up in an isolated area. One every day of the week. In fact, I'm just a random person. Don't trust me. Don't trust the agencies. Follow the actions people are taking that are working. Follow the evidence. I was talking to some folks about the ill-advised CDC and WHO recommendations on masks, the resulting poor handling by the US government, and the rampant cargo-culting by people on Twitter, Reddit, and HN who decided to just signal-amplify the misinformation from US government agencies without critical thought. While we were doing that, I decided to go see what Taiwan's timeline looked like. Pasting here for your sake. New Year's Eve: Rumours of viral pneumonia in Wuhan. All inbound flights from Wuhan subject to inspection Jan 5: All Wuhan travelers exhibiting upper respiratory inspections are now subject to screening Jan 20: First positive test Jan 21: Mask export ban, production ramp-up Jan 31: Taiwanese government forced monopsony on masks (1/3 reserved for healthcare personnel). Announces rationing first week of Feb Feb 2: Taiwanese defence personnel dispatched to bolster staffing at mask factories Feb 6: Mask rationing starts Feb 15: Mask production by end of month projected to be 10 million / day. Taiwanese population: 24 million Mar 9: Mask production 9.2 million / day Mar 16: Production 10 million / day Mar 22: Production 12.6 million / day April 3. Taiwan: Population 24 million. Density: 649 people/sq.km. First case: Jan 20. Cases: 348. Deaths: 5 April 3. Florida: Population 21.5 million. 136.5 people/sq.km. First case: Mar 7. Cases: 10268. Deaths: 170 Did we have to make the choice between the economy and lives? Did we have to choose between grandma and the dollar? Could policy have changed the outcome? You decide. That's not true. There are people who are making a living of trading Bitcoin whose lives will deteriorate. Since Bitcoin only functions when it's hard, cutting the energy consumption means cutting the thing. And attempting to control things like this is a whack-a-mole expedition. If you'd like to account for the carbon externalities, then do so. Tax carbon emissions. Proxy by purchases of fossil fuels if you have to. The reason we don't do that is that most people are rampant polluters. They know it, because when you put the numbers up, we know something interesting: most of those attempting to shame others here are rampant polluters, emitting large multiples of the median human's carbon. The truth is you can't maintain the standard of life you're talking about at the emissions necessary. Shame doesn't work here. Only policy. Tax the carbon if that's what you don't like. Tax the sound if that's what you don't like. Tax the land on its value if you think this is an uneconomical use of the land. But shaming is ineffective. You will walk away with the dopamine rush of outrage, having achieved nothing of note. Oh no, we absolutely should allow for people to change. Few things in the world are Pareto-optimal and we should not restrict change to Pareto-optimal things alone. But the comment I responded to said this: > We could cut the energy consumption of bitcoin to zero and the quality of life of everyone would not change at all. Now I'm not one to normally be pedantic, but if we actually treat this non-literally we're faced with an optimization problem: how much is it worth reducing the quality of life of these people to ensure that energy isn't "wasted"? So either you take the statement as a rhetorical flourish, in which case it is an inadequate response that merely relies on emotive appeals. Or you take the statement as literal, in which case it is obviously true. I guessed at a path but perhaps I should have articulated both sides. As it turns out I guessed wrong and you can see from his response that it was just an optimization problem inadequately specified. I don't think it will be effective. Are you interested in laying a bet with some time-frame? You don't have to be, but I find that it clarifies my priors appropriately. The President is not a generally competent pandemic-response person. His strengths are elsewhere. But the people who have held the jobs that were intended to be experts on this failed and are failing. The rot is institutional because bureaucrats always outlast elected administrations. Naturally, the "useful idiots" that the bureaucracy exploits are an additional problem. I haven't yet determined if they're a minor problem or if they provide the weight of opinion. If you have a thousand people who will say "Masks don't work" if the CDC says "Masks don't work" are the thousand people more dangerous or the CDC more dangerous. Probably the CDC, I think. It's a bit like asking you to define just how many grains of rice there are in a heap. You may be unable to do so and yet know a heap when you see it. Well, we have a bunch of call options at $40 (50% of American shale is viable there, probably more if labour costs drop). Given that, the downside is capped so that reduces the need to stockpile, and hyper-optimize this stuff. Did you apply? I think it would be interesting to hear the story of what it looks like inside if you decide to work with them. Sorry, I was being metaphorical. Shale becomes viable at $40 so the US has practically unlimited oil if prices hit $40. There's no need to hedge against. America has a natural resources hedge. People are asking "Can I bring my comparative advantage to bear?" because obviously the best way I can contribute if I were making half a million dollars is to take $50k of my post tax income and allocate it to boosting the salary offered. I tried reading the other threads but they are not very information-dense. It's mostly people arguing about whether governments are good employers. Would you mind sharing a quick summary if you've synthesized the position? That's the culture. The SV innovation is that startups have gestalt views of things not a "management made it like this so I am unable to operate". The bureaucracy and the machinery that supports it is the government culture. People who don't understand this, often don't understand the natural offshoots that come from it: blameless post-mortems, prioritizing falsification, unlimited paid vacation, etc. These all work because the people participating have the culture. The SV startup culture is a full-spectrum ownership thing. If your executive team isn't aiming at the right direction, you tell them that, and if you lose faith in the future as a result you go elsewhere. The executive team always relinquishes its power over you in order to maximize your effectiveness because that's the only thing that matters. Government culture is different. It optimizes in a different constraint space. There has to be visibly equitable hiring, the needs of political expediency require things like "heads to roll", regression is more dangerous than lack of progression, etc. Because of this, government organizations operate differently. They're not inefficient. They're just optimizing to different constraints and they're incredible at doing so. I would hypothesize that you cannot retain SV startup culture at the government for any appreciable amount of time because of the constraint space - much of which is the result of natural law. The problem is on the demand side, not solely on the supply side. People desire reinforcement not challenge. That is natural. I suspect it is true of us all. Those who are capable direct their potential to be challenged in specific ways, allowing themselves to have biases reinforced in the unimportant places. And they have access to the knowledge in their specific areas. This is the reason for the enduring power of the filter bubble: it is a stable equilibrium because it serves both the purposes of the demand and supply side. You can test this by making high-reliability websites that state honest priors. You'll get an audience but the audience will be pretty specific to your subject matter and not be popular. No information source has had all of the following characteristics: * Broad-based popular support * High information content * Novel information, i.e. information you can't get elsewhere * Sustained presence This may actually be desirable. Novel reliable information is an advantage, but it may not be a present sufficient advantage, and species survival may depend on presently boosting those capable of acquiring and utilizing information advantage. i.e. a time may come when we need to be good at it - if we have more people with this characteristic then, it'll lead to better outcomes. Interesting. This is the opposite of modern design defunctionalization. I think the arguments made for that apply to why this is not a good idea. The advantage of declarative configuration is that it provides a sync barrier to the human and a safe entry-point. I imagine in a pure language without global runtime state you could use this method but in the more mainstream languages it is likely to trip you up. I will refrain. Hmm, looking through archive.org it looks like four years ago it was more The Daily WTF and today it's mostly like memegen. Top of front page (4 years ago): My teacher thinks he's a programmer http://i.imgur.com/32nfQXZ.png Top now: https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/fvhk9l/a_b... This is hecka cool. What a clever concept! I like the idea of piggy-backing on top of a mechanism that is sort of kept in the right state by consensus. Pulled the front page from Apr 5 2016 so folks can compare a few posts: https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4d6vl5/had... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dd6nx/my_... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dcjfc/cod... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dfjag/tel... That is interesting to me to hear. Bloomberg News has the lovely characteristic that a lot of people believe them and they're also generally wrong so you can usually trade on that info. It's the fascinating power of building an enduring brand through one field (the terminals and Bloomberg himself) and parlaying it into another. For instance, the day after the SuperMicro story popped up and I saw that it was Bloomberg that broke the story, I went long SMCI. A month later, the sweet smell of victory and +100% gains sat in my eTrade account. Now there's edge, and I didn't even need 5 ms to the exchange to get it. I was going to say how Amazon might as well be the only guys online but this article is really good and offers real alternatives. Very cool. Yeah. Brain fog. I've traced mine to the following: + Stress on uncertain situations + Lack of sleep + Lack of clarity of 'the next thing to do' I can't solve the first, so I try to handle the latter two with the obvious solutions (sleep more, set next task) but also with other methods. I tried different Mg supplements, Caffeine + L-Theanine, -afinils, and Adderall under these circumstances. Adderall turbo'd my performance back up and past, the -afinils worked if sleep was the problem, and the others didn't help at all. If you are a disciplined person, then maybe occasional Adderall use will help. I have no dependence issues (use is roughly once / 3 months) but if you have discipline problems, then don't do it, tolerance is easy to build and addiction is possible. I am currently attempting CBT strategies. Going to give STOPP a shot. This is why these last few weeks on the market have been wonderful. If you can predict ( including accounting for the supposed irrationality) then you make money. Otherwise you lose money. If you had a prediction of how things would get hit w/ virus, there was so much money to be made. I watched but my timing was a bit off and I did not commit the majority of my wealth. That's a pity and speaks to my true estimate of the danger whereas a friend of mine pulled out completely of all long-term holdings in mid Feb so we know he believed. I think if you use Google Fi, then you can lock down your account pretty well and you'll need your hardware key to change things. You have 29 people in a room. The people are healthy and well. You give them a pill containing a chemical you want to test. They all die seconds after consuming the pill. The autopsy reveals they did not choke. What is the N you choose before you conclude that chemical is toxic in that dose at some p? Is it really so obvious that small N is statistically insignificant? Stat sig is a method to empirically improve knowledge. Well, if it's intuitive that you need high N to get empirical knowledge, let's try an intuitive example. Say you're a tribal chieftain. One of your men (one among thousands) finds a berry bush. Another eats a berry from the bush. He promptly dies. You're a scientific tribe, though, and you know N must be high before you conclude the berries are poisonous. So, one of the other guys eats another berry. He, too, dies immediately. The process repeats until it's you considering the bush. How does the situation change if the number of people before you was 19 vs 21? Indulge me with the scenario. Do you think that pill is safe or unsafe or do you think we need to give one more guy the pill to test? If you think it depends on something, go ahead and say so and I'll constrain the thought experiment. IAmEveryone (user w/ sibling post) is correct in that I'm referring to the fact that effect size affects statistical power. Quick summary to preempt more of the repetitive HN comments caused by not clicking through and then scrolling: * It's an LLC instead of a 501c3 because that allows more flexibility. This is not unprecedented * It's $1B of his wealth in terms of Square stock * There is a spreadsheet to track where it's going https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-eGxq2mMoEGwgSpNVL5j... * The order of operations is COVID-19, then girl's health and education, and UBI * It's 28% of his wealth This is a non-problem. There is no real threat model. It's like how you can cast to my TV if you're in my house. Sure, anyone could attack the party by posting porn on the TV but that's really not going to happen because I'm not going to invite you and put you in the wifi if you're the kind of person who does that. Removed 'instant setup'. It's not in the link. I suspect it's usually accidental but I feel very little rancor towards them. You solve things the way you think about them (until yesterday it wouldn't have ever struck me that a currency symbol could be in the middle of the value). And that's how, I suppose, you end up with a bunch of people with US Visas that say FNU (first name unknown) in front because they only have one name. We have almost all the technology. What we don't have is verifiability in most cases. i.e. the real problem is that the publisher cannot determine that the User Agent is telling the truth. Everyone has a different value on the value of their data. For instance, I find great targeted advertising to be practically like a recommendation engine. Instagram's ads are great! And few of them relate to things I've done on Instagram or Facebook. They're clearly 3rd party. If we can find a way to ensure that the User Agent isn't lying (this may not be easy), then I could trade my data for a discount on the WSJ instead of paying full price and you could pay for the WSJ at full price and share nothing about yourself. I think the truth is that most people will pick the discount, but that's because I would. I think that's a fair exchange and very open and clear. You can opt-in. Is there a Linux alternative that allows me to film portion of the desktop and do neat little arrow annotations live and everything? Thank you. I use SimpleScreenRecorder for this at the moment. You've got to know if the other person can code. Lots of people can talk a mean game and make nothing and few people can spot them. That's the thing, though. If you make a reputation as the kind of guy who can near 100% spot the good engineers, you will make boatloads of money. An employer will pay you more than $30k if you only do great hires. You do 10 of them with your conversation out to lunch and you've made $300k. That's the low-end. But no one can do that and the few with high hit-rates act as executive-search agencies where they make a lot more. But I think I would never interview anyone I've worked with. That just seems like a waste. I already either know that they can or can't do things. You're probably locking out a lot of foreigners that way, but if you find that your top-of-funnel has enough people, this will work really well. Lots of the consultant gigs that people do actually end up with being hired at the company they consulted for. But that's the best part! You can describe the truth and the way you would have liked it to have gone and the employer will self-select themselves out if they're not the kind of culture you desire. It's like they're doing the work for you so you don't end up at a job at a place you don't like! That's a fair point. Perhaps this is what people are talking about the conversations over lunch. I find it hard to believe that someone who wants to work as an IC and knows you would try to do that knowing their skills had dulled. The shame of failing someone who trusted you to deliver would be too much! We found a guy whose Github had solid Rust code and then he walked us through it and it was great how he could explain it. Maybe we were lucky there but he's turned out to also be generally awesome or perhaps that's a good sign. It certainly looks to me like you have the pedigree to be able to select which employers you'd like anyway, so the loss of the whiteboard thing is probably not a big deal to you. We have a take-home and a whiteboarding bit. No tricks to the whiteboarding. Very straightforward brute-force solution that you can improve. Take-home doesn't have code. It's a technical design question that you then discuss with an engineer on an on-site. So far so good. I sometimes attempt to requalify by adding a second step where I try an alternative mechanism of testing, just to see if someone who did poorly on the whiteboard (which is a coderpad-style thing) would do better in a different mechanism. So far very high correlation. Pity, I'm very social so I'd prefer a conversation and walking through code at a higher level. Yeah, but the causative link doesn't work the other way. Sometimes you can add more downside and get no more upside. My prediction? This stimulus package won't destroy the upside. Haha brilliant, thank you for that etymology trace and the Skunked Term phrase! Good stuff. Ah ha, that's fair. But that is just as well a problem with the original assertion. So I suppose I'm happy to listen to the prediction as to which upsides are about to be destroyed and then perhaps pick a position opposite it that's verifiable. A modern laptop will run Bodypix at about 30 fps. There could be additional bottlenecks but the deep (and wide) NNs are usually not super fast, they're just fast for the wondrous things they do. You can usually alter performance (with Bodypix that's an accuracy/speed tradeoff) or do something silly like downscale, run, and upscale the mask. I'd like to try this. You run a Hadoop/Spark cluster on-prem. It's isolated from the rest of the world. If foreign code is executing there, the game is already up. You turn `mitigations=off`. That's a way for you to live your life by and Fossil will work for you. I don't use that axiom, rampantly alter history all the time, and Fossil is not for me. I'm glad that person mentioned it. Oh, this is literally your job. There are different takes on this, and the detail is hard, but the broad strokes are: * Follow your vision for the product - i.e. form a feature-set that combines the greatest compatible combination of requested features and your understanding of what the future of the product post those features will look like * Solve the immediate next problem that will bring you most money fastest. Apply debouncing. i.e. the next blocker to money is feature A in the shape of a customer saying "we're ready to sign if you have A". Rank all amount of money, likelihood of customer actually executing (if you aren't able to sign on to a pilot w/ "we'll have it next week"), and divide by time. Do that. Do not re-evaluate for some duration of time. * Find what you're selling. Sometimes this can be very different from what you're making. And the customer may be asking for a feature because they think that feature in the thing they're being sold will solve the problem they're having. Honestly, no one here can help you with this. I suspect not even a course could help you with this. This you're going to learn by attempting to constraint solve here. Just learn from the pain fast and do what's necessary to keep the trust of your team (primary!) and your customer (secondary because there's more of them than the team). Genuinely puzzling considering the mailing lists are quite civil and actually a generally pleasant seeming place - except for the top posters - may they burn! jkjk :D Anyway, according to Github recent history, the top recent committers are: * https://github.com/nicoddemus (leaving) * https://github.com/blueyed * https://github.com/RonnyPfannschmidt (leaving) * https://github.com/asottile (leaving) * https://github.com/bluetech (elevated last month to core) * https://github.com/thisch (last in mid 2019) Honestly, I didn't realize pytest was such a German product. Fascinating. Punk-o-matic was the first time I encountered the idea of a string-serializable program state and my mind was blown. I think more applications would benefit from being able to turn things into a text state, especially ones with a lot of configuration. Imagine hitting a button and having AWS drop everything it does into a Terraform file or CloudFormation file or something. Or maybe you go through the UI selecting options and at the end you hit "Export to TF" and you get a TF thing selecting the options you had. That would be cool! I've heard that Azure has something like this but I haven't tried it myself. There's no total order of power and authority. I want the US government to not have the power and authority to set up and run a church but I want that power and authority, and I'm pretty sure I want Google to have that power and authority. So yeah, I want Google to be able to say "I don't want to list papers that won't do this for free", yes. I'm pretty sure it's different people in each case. Certainly I don't blame any big tech company for any election. All I want is the Internet as I recall it: free voluntary association. My user agent is powerful enough to ensure this and I'm happy with it. If I wanted to use only directories and webrings I could do so today. I'm fine with that. If I want to use Google I have to use Google terms. That's okay. If I don't, I can easily just not. I don't think it'll last, though. The guys who blame tech companies for elections are the same guys saying they need to be regulated. And so eventually we'll have all these highly-regulated services instead of the thing I've enjoyed. But that's the tyranny of the majority, I suppose. I can find a way to work with it. That's the dream. When governments cannot simply impose their will on me at a whim. The fault isn't that Google can negotiate as an equal. The fault is that I can't negotiate as an equal when I want to marry a man or abort a foetus or drug myself. And I'd rather erode the power of the government than of myself every single time. And I'm pretty sure the French people don't get to decide what I want. Only I get to decide that. Haha, that's exactly right. But what they get is the end of the negotiation that occurs and it won't necessarily be what they want. Comments like that are a bellwether of the place they’re posted in. People will hedge their comments whenever they fear there is a sufficient concentration of “well, actually”s in the audience. If $1 = 100 Homeland units through Bitcoin but only 75 Homeland units through currency conversion. Why don't you move 1000 dollars over and bring back $1333.33 and repeat? If you're going to call people fat, you gotta post physique. Is it, though? Run your states the way you want to. Maybe your comrades in Texas prefer a running economy to lives. This is a good thing that you can make that choice. Web user agents do this the best. You can run code in the console, delete elements, make that persist with an extension. And there you see the best outcomes and the dangers ("This is a browser feature intended for developers. If someone told you to copy and paste something here to enable a Facebook feature or "hack" someone's account, it is a scam and will give them access to your Facebook account."). I think the risks are overstated. Probably not anywhere near surefire. I really like the idea of Pulumi but I haven't really used it. To be honest, I'm not in an environment where I need to do this. A couple of scripts do the trick just as fast when combined with some clicking through. Some things that annoyed me about TF and made me look at Pulumi actually were: - Doing anything with loops in TF is a nightmare, and especially if you have to do things like sharding. We had a sharded KV store that was sort of optimized for our environment at my previous job and the monstrosity that you have with `count.idx` and whatnot is just ugh. - There's a lot of repetition. Often, even with module-use you end up copy-pasting a bunch of code. This doesn't matter. Low quality news sources are a dime a dozen, and the good news costs money. You have to be sophisticated enough to be able to differentiate news sources. For instance, as a WSJ subscriber, I'm not going to read the editorials. They're complete garbage in terms of factual content. The business page is gold. And this is very good. All the freeloaders who block ads and only use low-quality news will get poorer information and they will be out-competed. That's a good thing. Humanity will move forward. So block your ads on your ad-supported sources, grumble about "inequity of information", and exclaim in horror that you can't access good information because of a paywall. This is it. The future is here: ads are disappearing (temporarily, I think) and you're seeing what happens when your desired world comes to be. There's no schadenfreude here. Many of you were just sawing on a branch you sat on, with the natural consequence. The LA Times railed against targeted advertising. Well, they got what they wanted. And now they're subject to the razor's edge that is the market. That sounds like a foolish use of my time when I can simply watch other people do it for me. And I want a greater difference between me and them. I want them to be wrong and for me to be right. This only helps. Other people's predictability is opportunity. This is not an undesirable outcome. It’s the model most practise, except I do so knowingly. I’m Not against information sharing. It’s just that I do so in a parochially altruistic manner. https://www.nature.com/articles/nature04981 Besides we all know everyone will gladly partake in a negative sum game if it means they come out better. I just do that knowingly. That is, if other participants have x and I have y, I will gladly take actions that lead to long-term effects of me having y+delta and them having x-epsilon even if delta A practical example is that I will often share stuff I know better than others but I won’t try too hard to convince them. It’s a collective mirror and what we believe we ‘want’ is less important than our revealed preference. Yes. It would probably make me do so harder because it’s my life’s work and I have only that much time to do it. They’re struggling because you have chosen this regulatory regime. Generics factories are pumping it out right now. You’re overestimating the difficulty of this. But don’t trust me. Go talk to a generics drug manufacturer in India yourself. I haven’t looked at why flour or toilet paper have shortages and don’t know the primary factors there[1]. I’ve done all I that I care to to inform you. 1: It’s probably the bullwhip effect and hysteresis in the supply chain but that’s speculation on my part. As a counterpoint, nearly everyone in my family in medicine still loves it. My parents are surgeons in their sixties who don’t need to work any more. My uncles and aunts are GPs, radiologists, and anesthesiologists. My cousins are GPs, nurses, and anesthesiologists. So that’s a spectrum from 21-65 and almost all of them enjoy their jobs. The things that really bother them are poor administrators etc. They’ll quit jobs over that, but not out of burnout. I think it’s easy for this to be a fulfilling career if you’re the kind of person who doesn’t get early filtered out. Hydroxychloroquine is exportable to the US from India currently. If I had lupus, I assure you I wouldn’t be sitting here worrying about my dose. They’re not all in the US. Spread over the US, Canada, UK, and the UAE. But anecdotally there are more complaints from North American family about paperwork. Obviously I see NA family more, living here now, so that’s not really a surprise. No, it is a beautiful and powerful thing. Everyone claims to not obey it but the force of tribalism is strong. There is no enlightened man above it. All are subject to it. The best use it well. The average deny it. The worst are used well by it. In its simplest form it lifts you up on a dreary Thursday as you get off the train, walk to the stadium gates, and yell a chant that is picked up by others who know nothing of you but that you know the chant and that you wear the colours. Such power in that unity. In its most powerful form it motivates people to form great civil change. You are a civil rights activist, not merely a person who believes in the inherent rights of all people. You are a gay rights activist, or a climate change activist, or a revolutionary. Learning to harness that mindhack of unity was so fulfilling to me. Yell the right words and you have sixty thousand at your back yelling them with you. You feel gigantic, not like a single man, but like a giant ocean swell. And it is such a trick. I do not share that much with the coal miner and the bus driver and the man who bought a flat in Highbury. But we share this. And over this we can talk. And through the talking we come to share more. Something I never thought about with being a submarine officer is that there aren't weekends. I never even thought about that. I could work the hours but not even a Sunday?! I can't do that for the time they do it. Oh, I knew the UK was doomed when triple-lock pensions were made real. I live in America! I think the most common reason large groups of people gather to express emotion is sports. And it is so joyful. And it's a nice substitute for war[0] 0: https://www.orwellfoundation.com/the-orwell-foundation/orwel... It turns out that all those people who write software and run startups do know better than the so-called experts. In tech everyone sounded the alarm way before. The last day I wasn't SiP was the day Google announced Google Next cancellation. And then for the month that followed, all this crap about masks being worthless and now suddenly they aren't. Turns out a valid epistemological basis becomes more valuable rather than less valuable in a crisis. Wait, the latest stats read that there are fewer homeless people in Japan than all of San Francisco (and definitely all of LA). That can't be right. It has to be a definition difference or they're doing something remarkably right. This is really cool! I hope they get the GPU running. I would _love_ to run Ubuntu Touch or something on an iPhone. I wonder how much of the responsiveness of iOS is due to the hardware. Yeah, but when the practice of this is different with it often being up to regulators what actually is allowed and what isn't. The obvious recent example is that GDPR enforcement is (often intentionally) not strictly following the letter of the law. To play with. I think I'd enjoy that. Also, the iPhones are cool hardware! And I've used unlocked bootloader devices before. My threat model allows for that exploit to be performed on me should someone desire it. The utility I gain exceeds the risk = f(likelihood, loss). Or maybe adding the 500 option is the way to communicate your features most effectively. i.e. it presents the top-end of what's possible and accurately showcases where your more expensive option is. When I'm older or sicker, I'll use a thing that works for me when I'm older or sicker. Otherwise it's like turning on the screen reader for everyone because blind people can't operate computers otherwise. Why does US Congress approval rating matter? If I considered my congressperson 100/100 and everyone else 0/100, the House would get an overall rating of around zero. Obviously since I can't elect members of the House of Representatives from other districts, I could totally approve of my congressperson and senator and it still not be my fault for the other guys in power. Well, universality is not necessarily a useful end goal. Lyft is a successful company that doesn't operate even in Canada. A solution that works only in coastal California may well be sufficient. Lots of things come to the Bay Area and Los Angeles before anywhere else. Partly that's because coastal California is an innovation hotbed. Partly because it's a single large rich market. Since one of these that succeeds entirely in the safe parts of California would be an incredible game-changer on its own (door-to-door small-group spikable public transit!), it's still amazingly exciting. And while lots of Americans view many things as unchangeable, that's not the case in many other places. In China, if you were to talk to public planners about how autonomous vehicles will handle detours, they'll just say, "Oh, we'll use transmitters to tell you. We can sign the transmitters so you know they're trustworthy." Everything about the universe is mutable. Yep, no ice road truckers will be autonomous in the next year, and that's okay. Sorry, couldn't think of a good word. Rapid increase in supply to meet demand. Because the units are smaller they are more fluid. Because they are autonomous storage doesn't have to be centralized and they aren't subject to human scheduling constraints. Especially then. It allows you to proportionally weight the price against what's available. All of this is just effective communication. In fact, considering that all we have available is the end result of the operation, I think the "effective communication" hypothesis is much stronger supported than the "tricking" hypothesis. That’s actually what makes it useful. Anyone can exhaustively describe a thing. Only good communicators can select down to their audience, assume things, and then generalize at a level that provides broad meaning. The strength is in being able to select the first eigenvalues. After all, the only real thing is the thing itself. A textual description of the thing is not the thing, Cecil’s lost his pipe. So then it falls to you to describe the thing well. To a man standing in front of ten cars, if you say, “the black one” he knows which one. If you say, “it is a motor vehicle made by Mercedes, noted for their three point logo, that is currently painted black” you have more data but not more information. All the capable people generalize. That is where predictive strength comes from. It certainly was. The features were showcased through comparison and analogy: a common technique to simplify understanding. This technique is frequently used in news (fifteen football fields), in technology (it would take a desktop 1000 years to calculate this), and really anywhere. It’s a damned good technique because it eases understanding. You need to get a small win of some sort. It doesn't matter what. Just aim at the smallest win you can get on the work. If you fail at that, aim for a smaller win. There will be at least a tiny win you can manage. You will feel better. Then double down. It looks like a pretty good strategy is to allow people who believe this to go out and kill themselves. On the other hand, what if they’re right and no ones going to die over this? You could require that they pay into a hazard bond that pays out back to them if they don’t get sick. It's okay for you to not understand and to inadequately comprehend the English language. Minecraft Creative. Lots of people play that without even sharing their works. That would be a nightmare of an experience for the developer community. No way. Absolutely do not want a hundred syntax-incompatible clones in various partial states of development. This is amusing but not a problem. This is truly wonderful news. Elements like these are powerful self-corrective measures of a free society. A free society can be exploited through propaganda, and this one certainly has, for generations. Now we will be immunized, through the presence of rampant pathogens. And we will be immunized through the deaths of those who are gullible and those around them. Is your city very gullible? You'll have lots of deaths. There is no appreciable Reopen movement in San Francisco. This is vigilance. This is strength. The weak will cull themselves. Do not feel this. I have a wireless headset so I'll occasionally mute my mic and do a couple of dumb-bell curls or go get some water while thinking. Feels fine, honestly. I like being present for the social comfort I get from physical proximity to people but the Zoom thing just has that absent, so I don't get that extra bonus but I still don't feel tired. That's the funny thing. All those administrators? Americans. All the funding for them? International students. Masters degrees for international students are a drug that American universities got really hooked on. Now they're going to have withdrawal. You're the one in the wrong place. That's reddiquette etc. Behold, Word of God: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=117171 > pg: I think it's ok to use the up and down arrows to express agreement. Obviously the uparrows aren't only for applauding politeness, so it seems reasonable that the downarrows aren't only for booing rudeness. All the comments in response are clear then that it is a question of degree. At x deaths caused, we stop permitting this. That means the discussion is only moved to determining what that threshold x is. And so the right thing is to move past that to find what the cost-benefit analysis is. I'm just passing time while we're on chat. Sure, I leave video on. Turning video off to do that and then turning it back on would be weird. This is just the nature of the world. There are enough defensible reasons to screw your own team so people will do that anyway. The real reason is that once you've hit some degree of prosperity, loss aversion overtakes gain seeking. Today's America is therefore focused on maintenance of its wealth. You can try anything you like, but it won't work. America cannot build in the real world because it constrains itself out of fear of losing what it has, because it has so much. All these articles and open letters and appeals are just the same as internal company memos at massive corporations exhorting innovation. But IBM can't innovate, no matter how many innovation labs it funds. It just can't. The fire is dead and that's a property of what it's hit: the upper limit of prosperity. The next innovation won't come from IBM and it will rocket past IBM and then hit its own upper limit. Perhaps the only recent big companies that have innovated are Apple and Amazon. Maybe there's something to be learned from their relative approaches. But America as it stands won't build, because it can't build. The excuses will be numerous: "law written in blood", "do we want to end up like X who built but built wrong", "America is big", "America is sparse". But the problem is none of that. The problem is that America won, that America is prosperous and glorious, and so it can no longer countenance any risk of loss. Well considering it's been three months and 40k deaths and you have given us nothing, I'm going to go with the guy who gave me something. Interesting. Lets run a quick comparison between Louisiana and New Zealand. Temperature today: Auckland peaks at 19 C, New Orleans at 25 C Population: NZ 4.8 million, Lousiana 4.7 million Density: NZ 18 / sq. km, Lousiana 34 / sq. km COVID cases (deaths): NZ 1445 (13) , Lousiana 24523 (1328) Fortunately, Taiwan exists and is better than everyone else so we have a high-water mark for competence to compare to. Denser than America, cooler than Lousiana, closer to Wuhan than any part of America, more travel to/from China, poorer than America, better than America at dealing with this crisis. I don't understand why HN users always jump into these things like it's a cage fight. The right way for you to respond is to help us collectively arrive at truth (which your qualitative statement aids mildly in) and leave out all the parts that claim bad faith from your fellow users. Jesus Christ, I even included density which points the opposite way. Now because I don't have a preconceived notion of which direction I want the results to show why NZ is performing better, I can conclude that the result is either: * The factors described are washed out by the other factors * These factors don't have a significant impact * It isn't any of these that determines difference in outcome between NZ and others but action taken No wonder you guys hate social networks like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram if you run around calling everyone insincere at the first sign of the mildest degree of disagreement. I used to use Motion but it asks me to login and shit and then doesn't even bother syncing across browsers. Waste of time. And then it slows down web pages and sticks that annoying little box on the side. My user agent has a place for you, in the toolbar. Stop rendering on top of content and then making scroll slow. Ugh. I'll give this a shot. He's not the guy who is collecting data. He's the guy whose data is being collected. And I agree with him. True choice is not imposing this cost on everyone. Let me set it in my browser. Then I'll consent to practically everything and you can consent to nothing. And since it's set at your user agent you can synchronize that across devices easily. If I never see another damned cookie popup I'd be thrilled. It's $199 (+taxes). > a user should be able to request what data is being collected about them, and should be able to request a full account deletion, including deletion of all data collected from or about them (perhaps minus technical things that are very difficult to purge, like raw web server access logs) I think I'd find it very easy to like this. Honestly, these aspects of GDPR are great. Things I don't like: * Not allowed to do "no service without data" * Consent must be opt-in Bloody exasperating as a user. At least if they'd set it in my user agent. But the browser guys just sit there like fools pontificating on third-party cookies instead of innovating for once and placing the opt-in / opt-out in the browser. My god, this is amazing. They marketed their anti-litter campaign as a state-pride manly-man issue to great success. I love it. Very intelligent hack. This is also a very interesting story about the importance of diversity on a team. While TXDOT wanted to go with "Please Keep Texas Beautiful", this guy knew the kind of guy he had to convince wouldn't listen to that stuff. Brilliant. There's another one (less successful though still successful) which I remember just because it's so catchy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Click_It_or_Ticket . When I had family visiting from elsewhere you could just say "Click It or Ticket" and they'd get it. Sure the real reason I want them to wear the seatbelt isn't because of the ticket, but the slogan combined with the fact that I can outsource the argument to the state is great. Yes, the lab itself. https://app.acuityscheduling.com/schedule.php?owner=19381748 Actually, I've changed my mind. I think people fall into either the advertiser+publisher camp who don't want this in the browser chrome because it will make it too easy to full opt-out and the browser guys don't want it there because they actually just want the advertisers to die out. What I'm asking for is not a stable equilibrium in any way so it's a pointless thought experiment. The limit is where it is because the AMA put it there because they were afraid of the "physician glut" ruining salaries. They're probably responsible for around as many American deaths as many of the world's worst dictators. Pretty clever retcon in their text to make themselves out to be heroes, if your source is the AMA. Vote whichever way you want, I'm absolutely right: * https://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/health/2005-03-02-docto... * https://www.nytimes.com/1986/06/14/us/ama-board-studies-ways... * https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/thanks-to-doctors-there-a... * https://www.baltimoresun.com/news/bs-xpm-1997-03-01-19970600... Pretty sure I'd get an option of "free X more articles if you give us your data to sell". Not getting that is annoying because I was fine with giving away my data for articles. Everyone loves a hero. California just kept things under control. No fires to fight = no heroes. This was an interesting hypothesis. I enjoyed the idea so I wanted to see what probability I should assign the idea that the defiance-effect overrules the compliance-effect. Interestingly, there is one state which does not have a mandatory front seat adult passenger seat-belt law which gives us the ability to test what effect that has. New Hampshire: No adult front-seat passenger seat-belt law. Beltedness: 67.6% Lowest beltedness (any law): Massachusetts (73.7%), secondary enforcement (i.e. if you violated another driving law then you can be cited for the seatbelt thing too) Lowest beltedness (primary enforcement): Mississippi (78.8%) Regardless of the paternalism angle (which I'm sympathetic to because I would like drug use to be permitted, etc.) this would appear as evidence that the defiance-effect is overruled by the compliance-effect. Certainly, it is sufficient enough for me to not look further into the subject. Standard HN disclaimer so we don't get into some Internet war: Not attempting to refute anything you're saying. Just sharing my conclusions. Your priors and your weights to evidence may yield different posteriors. I do not require you to convince me and I am not aiming to convince you. The hypothesis I wanted to test may slightly vary from yours due to my interests being different and to aim for easier falsification. The existence of this disclaimer is not intended to be evidence that I believe you will engage in an Internet argument. I did not choose this path and so far I have not regretted it. Additional responsibility empowered and accelerated me. For the most part, the critical limiter on my growth is what people trusted me to do. The more they trusted me with the better I became, the smarter and more capable I became. That's still happening. I'm pretty sure that if someone gave me the ability to be CEO of Google for a year I would be a vastly more advanced person than I am today. I would take that job unpaid in any respect. I would even gladly take the job of guy-who-is-defacto-CEO-of-Google-but-no-one-knows-it-and-he-is-under-NDA-to-never-reveal. i.e. it isn't the signaling value. It is the responsibility. This is continuous-approximable all the way to a job like a janitor which you'll have to pay me in the ballpark of a million dollars a year to do and I can't see myself doing it for long. So obviously there's some intermediate-value theorem type result where one of the benefits crosses in value over the other. Ideally, I'm operating around that space. I don't believe my 19.04 login manager does that. I do recall that being annoying because my first keystroke would actually just move that up. Now it starts up to the user list by default. It isn't released yet, right? My package manager isn't bumping up. Would you outperform uncompressed TIFF with sufficient copies of a compressed file? Or compressed file plus parity file? Clearly I have been doing completely unsafe things for some twenty years now. This blows my mind. Looking over that subreddit, it doesn't look like a battle for DE domination. It looks like people showing off their creativity. Oh right, I forgot all the cool things I had enabled on Compiz: live zoom, wobbly windows, the burn effect. Transparent windows! Those were great. The cube, of course. The shift switcher. Expose. Thank you. Wow, they removed Python 2.7 huh? Had to clear out some packages to let that go through. Canonical wisdom is to have separate / and /home so you can wipe system easily. I upgraded by grepping for the packages that were breaking resolution and removing them. But I already know the failure mode so that whole thing took a few minutes. I do have separate mounts for that reason though. Yeah but didn't think anyone would have the balls to do it haha. Not really wrong, actually. A friend picked a desk lock for another when they left their charger in there. Doesn't bother me. The purpose of Instagram for me is to look at my social circle's lives. If everything they do makes them less of a generic public social network Tik-Tok / Reddit / Facebook / Twitter style, I'd prefer that actually. Is it really disingenuous at best? Like you think the best case scenario is that this guy is being insincere. I sincerely think this approach of just assuming bad faith is not useful. There is no slippery slope. I'll object to step 4. StackOverflow is CC-BY-SA so I'm not that worried. If they try to change that, I'll kick up a fuss or whatever. It's not like fighting this will help with that. Wholly different audiences. Mate! This is well known! My mum told me this a decade ago https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C5&q=lapt... I'm mad it wasn't well known enough that everyone happens to know it. Also cycling. I felt so cheated when I discovered that the Turbo button was actually a way to slow things down when you turn off turbo. I spent so long as a child "running the computer responsibly so it doesn't overheat"! I also recall the patches people had for things like Jazz Jackrabbit that ran a busy-loop some number of times in hot code because timing was execution-dependent in games like that. Faster CPUs made the game unplayable! There are things which are fake and things which aren't. For instance, if you get cologne, it can be nonsense. This is a game of its own, right? I remember playing it as a child as "out/in" or hands face up / face down. Like as a very little child. No no, I think we buy the branding thing. I'm pretty sure part of the reason I have the car I do is a branding thing, etc. etc. I'm like the #1 brand sucker on the planet. But that's at the "these guys are outdoorsy", "you're sophisticated", "you're cool" level not at the "this represents classic American values vs. this is the new generation" thing. That sounds like nonsense to me. Just clarifying that it isn't whether branding works but the shape of the working. Like, I admit being easily influenced by them, just not in that direction. Like Red Bull is cool action sports, right? But I've never had a Red Bull when I've gone skiing. Not saying branding doesn't directly modify my associations, just that the way isn't what yodon said. Glacier hasn't really seemed like it's worth it for me and looking over this calculator it's almost as expensive as Standard mode? Why would I use it over Standard, let alone Intelligent Tiering - Infrequent Access. Fascinating. Another example of the HN community's "Assume Bad Faith" in action. If I had to come up with a list of values for this community based on popular comments, I think it's a photo finish for the top between: * Assume Bad Faith * Be Pessimistic I think I encountered 5¼" floppies only near the beginning of my computing life so I only had a couple at the school lab but this is the first I've heard of flippy disks. What a clever name! If most PC drives couldn't read these, which manufacturer drives did people use? There literally is no slippery slope because the CC-BY-SA stalls any slipping. You literally cannot lock away that content, and that license aligns StackOverflow's incentives with mine. The structure of the Internet precludes universal locking away. I am confident in my ability and that of my fellow engineers to always have alternatives. One addition: You can't just divide by 2 and expect that to be equivalent to shifting right by 1. That only works if the integer is unsigned. For signed integers, that won't yield the right result. This is trivial to verify. How come the division is almost the same as the shifting? Is the CPU pipelining the operations between iterations of the loop or something? There is a direct data-dependency in those operations but not between iterations so perhaps that's it? AFAIK there's no fused add-shift op that could be used. As someone reading through this thread, I have some feedback for you. This is partly to test the commonly held view that feedback is desired instead of blindly voting and partly to help you. I piped it through `base64` so that you can ignore it if you don't feel like it: WW91ciBjb21tZW50cyByZWFkIGxpa2UganVzdCBvdXRyYWdlLiBUaGlzIGlzIG9mIGxvdyBpbmZv cm1hdGlvbiB2YWx1ZSB0byBtZS4gVGhpcyBpcyB3aHkgSSB3aWxsIGRvd24tdm90ZSB5b3VyIGNv bW1lbnRzIGluIGZ1dHVyZS4K I learnt it from someone I know[0] 0: https://lobste.rs/s/lhijk2/horrifically_dystopian_world_soft... What language runtimes support simple data parallelism for `map`/`filter` with low syntax cost? Java lambdas do have instantiation cost but I'd wager that for the majority of my code low-cost data parallelism beats that. Also, a lot of the theory here is that the JIT could kill off the instantiation and convert to just calls. Why doesn't it do that? Rust, perhaps? That's a fair point. Acting in good faith I had not considered abuse of the technique. I've often wondered what a forum would look like where you could make the equivalent of 'aside' comments. The way someone might, while you're speaking, say softly "hyPERbolee, not HYper-bowl" to correct you without interrupting. Perhaps a good example is StackOverflow's Q&A format w/ comments and chats. You can comment and move to chats but the emphasis is on the important part: the question and the answers. Allowing voting on these "asides" in StackOverflow permits all of the usual stuff while relegating them to the asides they are. Of course, in the case of what I used it for, it is generally impolite to offer advice unasked but the nature of slow feedback loops means it's better for me to offer an ignorable piece of thing. i.e. if you think I'm an idiot, I want you to have the power to ignore me. That is only polite to compensate for the brain-hacking strength of having text describe you. You can't ignore it afterwards. So if I `List.of(1,2,3,4,5,6,7).stream().parallel().map(x => x * 2)` or the equivalent, that will inline a left-shift the same way it does it here? That's pretty cool. Test positive. Wait 14 days. Now you're positive clean. I'm sympathetic to raising speed limits like any good Californian. But there's an asymmetry in the positions, in that more reaction time is universally better than less reaction time. No, because they were right and the epidemiologists and medical people were wrong. Everyone kept telling us not to use masks except the tech people. There were all these lies: * Doesn't work * Too hard to train * Shortages will happen Literally all were wrong and they either knew it and misinformed everyone or didn't know it. So you can either drop the assumption of benevolence or competence. The only guys who didn't listen to them, Taiwan, are doing fine despite every other risk factor being huge for them. It turns out some skills translate across domains. I'm not going to get a software engineer to perform a total knee replacement on me, but I think I'll listen to them on the crisis management: turns out they're better at it than the crisis managers. Yeah, I considered PMs but they're really not the same because the point is that everyone benefits with low attention contribution. The whisper mode is totally what I was thinking of. You're supposed to wipe your butt with these and then wash the dirty cloth? Why on Earth would I do that? Am I supposed to be saving money with this or something? You don't need yeast. You can bake things with flour and baking powder. In fact, with bananas, flour, baking powder, cinnamon, sugar, and butter you can have banana bread that's just fine. Baking is not some arcane skill. It's literally just instruction following. First time I baked it sucked. Second time it was great. The separation between the two was hours not weeks or months. Listen, I don't want to over-generalize but I've seen this on the Internet about the most mundane of skills: cooking, baking, doing your taxes. They're all just instruction-following. Sure the upper limit on the skill level is high but basic competence to get a usable product on all of them is like at the level a twelve-year-old could do it if they had the motor skills. Oh paper towels! Not toilet paper. Oops, my mistake! I guess I had that on my mind. Yeah, I've actually owned some of those wash and use paper towels. They're pretty decent. In 1925, Jewish students at Harvard made up 28% of all attendees. President Lawrence Lowell brought into existence policies to judge individuals on character after failing to limit the number of Jewish attendees to his school. Once these policies were put into action, Jewish attendance at his school declined, eventually dropping below the 15% limit he was originally seeking to put it into existence. It wasn't that the Jewish people were being discriminated against. They were just not as well-rounded, lacking in character and that savoir faire that came so easily to anyone who was not Jewish. It may have been genetic or cultural. I guess we'll never know. Hard to tell why they just couldn't pull it off. Census 2020 actually has Asian Indian as a distinct race choice but you're right for the past. What is this linguistics professor's name? Oh, I thought it was part of his public story. Never mind. I'm happy to let it lie. I'll look it up myself. It probably lost some details in the telling because I can't see how Harvard can send someone to Vietnam. They have the California Republic - fair, unbiased, prosperous. California isn't the massive powerhouse it is (a bigger economy than half of American states combined) by accident. The free society has a competitive advantage. And obviously it's hard to set up a university these days, and no one is going to set up a single race university. I doubt anyone actually wants an Asian-only university, just for there to be sufficient race-blind ones. Allow me to ensure I understand your position. Overall, you believe that lower speed limits will result in more accidents? I am certainly on the side of raising speed limits to 100 mph where possible. Or providing turbo lanes for "Class C+" drivers or something. But that's because I think I'm willing to make the trade-off in lives. Your opinion is more that we're making not a trade-off but costing ourselves both lives and speed? Sure, sure, but you can just freeze applesauce or the bananas. It'll last ages. It'll definitely outlast any temporary supply chain stall. Cinnamon lasts forever too, and it's very compact powdered. I have like half a kilogram and I don't even bake that often. Truly thing you can make quick breads pretty easily and without any work at all and the goods for it will last ages. Even flour. Actually, the modern freezer will keep you safe and secure for ages. All you need is electricity and you can outlast any temporary supply chain stall with this stuff. People buying flour are perfectly fine. It's okay to be annoyed that people are making it hard to practise your hobby. Just sounds silly when folks try to make it out to be some irrational thing that other people are trying things. Sure, but you work within the constraints you have. What we really need is a cure for all cancers but that doesn't exist just like no universal method for constant active driving exists. Given that, it's a pointless thing to bring up. "Just have everyone be better at things" isn't a helpful alternative. > And is someone going to verify I waited 14 days? Sure, good idea. > Also, why should I have to if I already am clean? Oh, you don't have to. You can just stay at home like now. I'm talking about from the view of public health administration. There is no intervention available to us that will ensure a change in behaviour economically. We do have available to us the speed limit. That can't be it because he took out a mortgage on his house! Fair enough. The Commandant's rationale makes sense. One nation, united. Since you asked: I'm downvoting because your statement is not of use to me and it gets in the way of things that are of use. Clear your medium cookies. It's a "lots of visits" thing. The purpose of this grant was to run follow-up studies and to work on productionizing the intervention. The purpose of follow-up studies is to detect if result extends. The follow-up work detected result was due to experiment setup error. Grant worked. Actually, encountering this I think I suddenly understand why people get upset about Kickstarter projects not delivering. It is a misunderstanding of a probabilistic situation. American cities are not capable of running good public transit because they mostly use it as a combination of a jobs program and a poor-people access program. I was car-free for seven years in San Francisco (supposedly one of the relatively high performers) but my standard of living jumped significantly after I bought my car. Overall, I think I might even come out ahead. I don't think I'm going to take public transit in San Francisco ever again. They are missing: * Speed - BART is relatively fast, all Muni is very slow * Frequency - BART is low frequency, Muni is also low frequency * Coverage - BART coverage in SF is limited, Muni coverage is reasonably extensive * Reliability - BART unannounced delays and breakdowns were a frequent occurrence. Unlike Tube delays (which were also frequent) I could not route alternatively because there is only one BART tube in SF. Muni does not have arrival times. * Usability - You cannot tell before you pass the turnstiles at a BART station whether the lines are delayed or when they will arrive. One exception I know if is Montgomery St. Station but that's the only one. This is just an optimization problem with where you place the incentives. The follow-up study funding is not exclusively for false null hypothesis rejection due to chance. It's also to allow for some amount of error in experimental design or practice. No one wants 0% experimental design / practice error because that will harm total experiments done per unit time which is also a thing we want to go up. No one wants only certain results because we want novel results / unit time to go up too. It's just multivariate non-linear optimization. Yes, someone whose conclusion was not due to error in programming may have gone without a grant. That's perfectly all right. We optimize policy in the aggregate. You can make an argument that says that we're not correctly placed on the manifold but no single situation will be convincing for that and you'll need to make some case that a policy change to move to some other point in this space will yield a positive total improvement. You should see the too-dangerous-to-release AI model my team built. It actually governs nations in a manner indistinguishable from a human. There are nations currently under its thrall that you wouldn't even imagine. The world leaders of these nations merely speak what speeches it writes for them. If you let losers in, eventually you'll only have losers. That's because losers drive out non-losers. To be clear, NY handled everything poorly. Taipei has a metro. It's fine. New Orleans has no metro. It's fucked. Well, Taipei is the real secret. That's the one we need to see because if metros are a ticking time bomb for disease then they should be dying any second now. Hahaha, I thought it was going to be something fancy but it's freaking Kvikk Lunsj. If you don't know what that is, it's Scandinavian Kit Kat. That makes this even better. As a prescriptivist, surely you do not wish to assign "begging the question" that meaning then since it's wholly from a mistranslation from Latin https://languagelog.ldc.upenn.edu/nll/?p=2290 That information is also present in the Wikipedia link. Oh I wouldn't sweat it. That's just British for "not vital for survival". Haha, no, it's not a pejorative. It's literally one of two schools of thought: descriptivism vs. prescriptivism. What you're describing is prescriptivism. That's actually why I prefer the Deus Ex series. I'm partly going in to see a story told to me. I'm going to play the game once and I want that one time to feel very interesting and not get that feeling of missing out on things because of choices. I don't really think it's that hard as a new user. I've been here 25 days and I just got downvote powers, which is cool. I imagine I'll get vouch powers at this rate next month but I haven't found anyone I want to vouch anyway so it doesn't seem that bad. As far as I know there's no shortage of bananas. My local Safeway has loads. Just got some yesterday. You've been paying a man to warn you if there are tigers on the main street. Every day for the last 10 years he's been telling you there are no tigers on the main street and you've taken the main street or he's told you there are tigers there and you've taken the side street. Today he said that there was a tiger on the main street but you took it anyway and didn't see the tiger. Has his trustworthiness collapsed or was he always scamming you? Oh haha, this has to be that Zoom feature where you save meeting transcripts and where host anyone transcripts are available to anyone who can view transcripts. Always found it weird that that was an automatic setting instead of a manual one. I get the use-case but defaulting to it is probably confusing. Either FatShamer1 or FatShamer2 must have been the host and victim must have been a person with access to transcripts (which is every participant in case of the default Zoom cloud settings?). If neither FS1 nor FS2 were host then this wouldn't have happened. Google has lots of first party traffic. That's their big strength. Same with Facebook. That's why between the two of them they eat 2/3rds of every new ad dollar. Everyone who has dealt with them knows Germany's enforcers are pretty strict. They're probably targeting the guys who are dangerous to people, with the really dangerous stuff: personally identifiable information. Unlike HN, the real world regulators don't just flip a shit because you included 3 octets of an IP address somewhere. They're spending all their time going after the guys who have names and phone numbers and emails. Honestly, GDPR is fine. I love the power of interoperability it's given me. That part is wonderful. But if what you're saying is so obvious, then GDPR experts should be very cheap. But they aren't. If you're so good at it that it's easy, why don't you just go make your million dollars as a consultant in the next couple of years? That's just colloquial terminology. GDPR terminology is "personal data" concerning or referring to the "data subject". That stalls the ownership question. And yes, when "personal data" regarding an EU "data subject" is stored on someone else's hard drive, that "data subject" has certain rights in the EU. These are colloquially interpreted as "you have rights to your data". Naturally, your address is not generally copyrightable (another notion of ownership of data) but it can be "personal data" that relates to you. Were they not for children or did we decide later that children should read bowdlerized forms? After all, I read Arabian Nights uncensored with people cavorting[0] with courtesans and that one with the false sexual assault but with bad defence arguments when I couldn't have been even a teenager. Also all the Russian stories published translated to English by Pravda involved a lot of violence and head cutting and men trying to sleep with daughters and whatnot. Turned out all right. 0: Pretty sure that's where I learned the word 'cavorting'. The portrait modes on these are getting really good. The blur is pretty convincing looking. The only open-source software I know that does similar stuff is body-pix which does matting, but I don't think it generates a smooth depth map like this thing. It would be cool because then you can do a clever background blur for your Zoom backgrounds with v4l2-loopback webcam. By the way, I decided to also quick summarize the usual HN threads that have the trigger word iPhone in it: - No headphone jack --- Actually this is good because ecosystem built for it ----- Don't think ecosystem is good. Audio drops out ------- Doesn't happen to me. Maybe bad device. ----- Don't want to be locked in. Want to use own device. ------- That's not Apple philosophy. Don't know why surprised. --------- I have right to my device ----------- cf. Right to Repair laws ------- Can use own device with dongle. --------- Don't want dongle. Have to get dongle for everything. Annoying. ----------- Only need one dongle. ------------- If only audio, but now can't charge. ----------- Use dongle purse. --- Apple quality have drop continuous. Last good Macbook was 2012. ----- Yes. Keyboard is useless now. Have fail. Recalled. ------- I have no problem with keyboard. --------- Lucky. ------- Also touchpad have fail. Think because Foxconn. ------- Yes. Butterfly? More like butterfly effect. Press key, hurricane form on screen. ----- Yes. Yes. All Tim Cook. Bean Counter. ----- Yes. Many root security violation these days. ------- All programmers who make security violate must be fired. --------- Need union so not fired if manager make security violation. ----------- Don't understand why no union. ------------- Because Apple and Google have collude to not poach. See case. ------- Yes. Security violation is evidence of lack of certification in industry. --------- Also UIKit no longer correctly propagate event. --- Phone too big anyway. No one make any small phone anymore. ----- See here, small phone. ------- Too old. Want new small phone. Had iPhone 8. Pinnacle of small beauty. ------- That's Android. No support more than 2 months. --------- Actually, support 4 months. ----------- Doesn't matter. iPhone support 24 centuries and still going. Queen have original. --------- Yes, and battery on Android small. --- Will buy this phone anyway. Support small phone. ----- No. This phone is also big. No one care about small hand. ------- Realistically, phone with no SSH shell dumb. I use N900 on Maemo. --- Who care? This press release. Just advertisement. ----- Can dang remove clickbait. What is one-eye anyway? Meaningless. Phone no have eye. --- Also, phone not available in Bielefeld. --- Phone only have 128 GB? Not enough. Need 129 GB. ----- 64 GB enough for everyone. ------- "640 KB enough for everyone" - Bill Fence, 1923 The portrait mode feature is present. See this for example: https://imgur.com/a/xyMH4Io but it uses the tech they describe from iPhone XR, i.e. the slight difference in the angle that it hits two parts of the sensor is used as an input to detect depth https://ai.googleblog.com/2018/11/learning-to-predict-depth-... HN forum software is inadequate to represent initial spacing. I replaced it with more hyphens. It wasn't intentional as you can tell from the first 'simulated post' which has no code formatting. No, the Pixel 2 and iPhone XR do the same thing. They use DPAF. In the post, you'll see that the XR's depth map actually smoothly follows the ground into the background. The Pixel 2 will do that too and it will work for inanimate objects as well. No, that device does it using the thing called DPAF https://ai.googleblog.com/2017/10/portrait-mode-on-pixel-2-a... The iPhone XR technique described in the link does that too. And it'll usually be better (than the monocular thing). Completely forgot about the front camera. Thank you.