Both are using C3's data. C3 is a company that provided 3D data to NOKIA for the first version of 3D maps released two years ago and NOKIA made a terrible mistake to allow Apple to buy it and use C3's 3D data for their own maps. The mesh simplification algorithm used is based on edge collapses according to an error threshold, hence the strange skewing. Disclaimer: I worked for NOKIA L&C on 3D + cloud + navigation. Yes, hitta.se used C3 (Java IIRC). I believe it was their pilot project as both companies are from Sweden (possibly with government/universities involvement) and they used airplane stereovision to generate 3D, which would explain fantastic detail of the whole Sweden (I remember looking at the funny rotated skyscraper in Malmo). To be honest, I don't know why did hitta.se drop its 3D maps. I was playing with hitta.se before NOKIA bought the technology from C3 and there were internal rumors that C3 will be acquired. I would assume licensing costs were the main culprit; given the use of airplane flyovers, the data extraction was very expensive. It's good to be a mouse nowadays! R.I.P. Aaron! We miss you! Mac has outdated OpenGL. Period. I am not really happy that Google is cloning all successful approaches from various companies with slight modifications to suit their own purposes. First Facebook, now Apple. Where is that amazing, creative, innovative company I once admired? It's like Microsoft all over again. In GCC you can actually offload the decision about which registers to choose if you are writing inline assembly code. You just specify what type of registers you need and GCC optimizes the assignments for you. Then you reference them with % notation - e.g. movd %1, %2. Imagine you provide this as an inline function in C++; all the calls for simple functions like arithmetic operations will be optimized on the spot instead of building stacks or moving some value to/from eax... It sped up my 3D software renderer more than twice! :) Quit. I don't believe any manager behaving like that is doing it without his/her full consent and awareness of the situation, and its effect on the lives of his team. Do you really want to make such person successful by sacrificing your health and happiness? So, the answer to the great question of universe is not 42, but that the simulation results will be presented in a paper authored by a researcher duo Trurl and Klapaucius at the SIG UNI conference in the main universe? ;-) I think that's common characteristics in downfall of large companies and nations. Once ambitious managerial types without a viable enthusiastic vision take over, it's a long, hopeless decline; when the innovative types are punished in order to preserve power status quo, it's over. Material implication and the fact that logic based on it is considered OK. E.g. "if the moon was made of cheese, then P=NP" is considered true. This would have been funny if this kind of proofs wasn't used in proofs of basic facts of set theory, e.g. the theorem about empty set being a subset of any set. I am glad there are people trying to address these issues with a new logic, such as relevance logic, though almost every mathematician I know is fully reconciled with the former type of logic without questioning it. I have one of these since February and it's far better than any Chromebook - x64, 4GB RAM, 500GB HD, extremely portable, and runs Ubuntu 12.04 LTS by default. No weird ChromeOS limitations, no push to cloud storage by all means etc. Just the keyboard could be better... Both CPU and HDD are bottlenecks, it's not a speed king. HDD is a regular 5400rpm one, the Celeron 847 1.1GHz is also rather slow. I used it for some Java + Scala compiling and it took significantly longer than on MBP (10 vs 2 minutes). Also, I was able to run FL Studio under Wine and it was capable of recording my MIDI playing in realtime for arpeggiated sounds, though it had problems with 4+ simultaneous channels. Keyboard is really bad. Otherwise for the price it's currently unbeatable in my opinion. For my purposes a large HDD was more important as I make a lot of photos and hence need a lot of storage. I use it while traveling in "less safe" countries, such as those in Latin America - I don't really care about losing it. I would still rather use a simple texture mapping - map the image to a rectangle and then just rotate the 4 corner points. Rest is done naturally by your texture mapper. You can implement a texture mapper easily by finding the top-most rotated corner, take the two edge lines coming out of that corner, linearly interpolate texture coordinates on these lines for each horizontal line they cross and then simply walk linearly between those two texture positions spread across the horizontal line range. Then replace the edge line whose endpoint you reached by the next line until you reach the bottom-most corner. You can add surrounding texels to the mix to get the bilinear or another filtering. Also, Bresenham's line algorithm can be used for each of the line interpolations (though my assembly language experience showed that fixed point ints were actually faster). This is also embarrassingly parallel. I couldn't disagree more with some of the statements in the article. Hadoop is not a database! It's a parallel computing platform for MapReduce-style problems that could preserve locality. If your problem fits this, Hadoop absolutely rocks. If your problem is different then please use another tool. If your problem deals for example with high-resolution geographic or LiDAR data that can be easily processed independently (and that would easily give you a few petabytes each scan/flight so you can't stuff it into GPU), Hadoop is about the only open thing you can use to process them reliably (imagine having Earth surface data with the resolution of 1cm and the need to prepare multiple levels of detail, simplify geometry, perform object recognition, identify roads etc.). Even when your data is smaller if your problem fits in the MapReduce model well, Hadoop is a pretty convenient way to be future-proof while enjoying already mature application infrastructure. Why would you even bother working with toys that put everything into memory and then fail miserably in production (HW failure, need to reseed data after crash etc.)? I worked in a company that routinely processed these kinds of data; usually people accepting the thinking from this article hit a wall someday in production, couldn't guarantee reliability and ended up writing endless hacks for their algorithms that didn't scale when it was needed and became frustrating bottlenecks for everyone. Yes, I saw also some ridiculous uses of Hadoop (database that didn't have a chance ever growing over 20M records, problems not fitting MapReduce that needed custom messaging between jobs etc). Just use your reason properly, whatever has the potential for the future to handle large data do it with Hadoop or any appropriate system that supports your algorithmic model (S4, Kafka, OrientDB, Storm etc.) straight away. Make your software future-proof now or you'll have to rewrite it from the scratch when you will be under huge pressure. Don't become complacent with what you "know" now. Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you in any way! First, I really don't like if somebody by default compares Hadoop with SQL and this is a widespread confusion - they are completely different beasts; in fact an extension called Hive gives Hadoop + HTable an SQL-like syntax. However Hadoop is a parallel, batch-processing platform. Hadoop is slow-responding, you can't even talk about latency because a single task takes a lot of time even to setup/execute. It's completely inappropriate for real-time low-latency computations. For those, the in-memory, GPGPU, streams are much better. However, if you have a large dataset whose loading times onto a single machine may be very long - imagine loading 1TB to memory from a network drive if your computer can handle it - you might be better off by partitioning your data across thousands of smaller nodes (e.g. ARM microservers) and perform computations on each of them independently. This way you don't need to transfer a lot of data, each smaller local dataset is loaded very fast (= you preserver locality), you find balance between being CPU-bound and IO-bound and likely finish your computations much faster than on a single computer with huge memory but limited bus. Hadoop's tragedy is that it is now an established platform that is supported by large companies which are mostly driven by technologically clueless people, trying to put it everywhere as it is "in vogue" to do so. Google abandoned MapReduce model a few years ago but industry didn't seem to notice. Think about your case for chemical structures - is there any part of your algorithm that needs to be computed only occasionally but it's a lot of data to process? Why not offload it to Hadoop for preparing digest from these data which you can use in your real-time algorithm? That's actually pretty common usage scenario - Hadoop handles the rough mining, extracting the precious stuff from crude data, assembling it to a form that is refined and can be used by other parts of system that have completely different requirements, for example low-latency interactions. The only way is to wear GoPro-alike all the time while interacting with other people or record everything on your cellphone (at least audio). Equivalent to Russian dash cams. Perhaps some use for the glass. There are some really nasty people out there. whenever I see a request to provide credit card details upfront before trying a service, it subconsciously screams to me: "Scam! Stay away!" I would never give you my cc details in order to try your product. In fact this would put you firmly on my blacklist of sites never to visit again (unless you are some big well-known vendor of something I need). I am firmly in the camp of remote work lovers. It allowed me to travel around the world while working on world-class engineering and mathematical problems, make artistic movies from my travel, compose trendy music, get influences from outstanding random people I met, collaborate, have unexpected fun, experience different cultures. And this all while I am one of the fastest developers of my company, solving some of the most difficult problems that come (inventive and creative problems, not CRUD). Internal communication can be handled easily if people understand and trust each other. The unearned mistrust targeted towards high performers and envy of less competent managers/coworkers is what is killing corporations nowadays, not remote work. I love to work alone (on deep analytical problems) as well as love to collaborate with others in person or over Internet (putting pieces together and having fun creating) - location doesn't matter nowadays anymore and if it matters to you, you might end up behind the times as you won't be attractive to many people, some of them invaluable. BMW has a joint research lab with Google in Munich. My guess is this is the result of its work. What is a neat characteristics of N^2 where N is integer is that its value is the sum of the first N odd integers. 1^2 = 1 2^2 = 1 + 3 = 4 3^2 = 1 + 3 + 5 = 9 4^2 = 1 + 3 + 5 + 7 = 16 ... I am wondering if there is a relation of this to the article. Kids, this is why you should strive to become your own bosses and bootstrap your own businesses! I have an ASUS Zenbook Prime UX32VD-R4002V with NVidia GT620m and Optimus works flawlessly, both in Windows 7 and Linux Mint. Most games and demanding software switch to NVidia, HD4000 is used only for bare desktop and browsing. There are other issues with this ultrabook but Optimus is not one of them. Both DirectX and OpenGL work on both chips, output via HDMI works from both of them and I can even use CUDA in After Effects CS6 by adding 620m to the list of supported cards. The OP's experience is probably constrained to his particular model. I don't have that problem - it works flawlessly all the time. I am using Amazon basics HDMI cable connected via HDMI switcher to the external display (with the desktop, Chromecast and Tronsmart Android stick occupying 3 more HDMI inputs). Try perhaps another HDMI cable? Why don't you guys split Ukraine into two parts? The western part (pre-WW2's part of Poland) is pro-western, speaking Ukrainian, the eastern part is mostly inhabited by Russians that gravitate towards Moscow. Why nobody suggests this solution? 25W :-( As much as I wish AMD getting ahead, this is not good news for efficient ARM servers. Just twisting an old joke: Good software development methodology is like a UFO - everybody has heard of it, nobody has seen it. Restricting a creative process into some pre-baked confines of thinking doesn't make a sense to me. Some rules are vital thought those should not get too much in the way. I think only organically growing your rules makes sense and you've got to accept there will be situations where you have to break them or they won't allow you to adjust your strategy. Imagine a huge company that standardized on some well-tested processes/methodologies that served well in the past and were adjusted as it was growing. Staying with the same set of methodologies might kill the company's future if the structure of its workforce changes, technology moves forward, competitor has more efficient methodology for achieving returns etc. Often methodologies are used internally for political gains, pursuing promotions and power and "change agents" don't really care that much about improving efficiency, instead riding the wave of a currently cool methodology as recognized by the upper management. I find it quite funny. Monads were considered a hack to functional programming to add some imperative features like, you know, IO and similar funky stuff for which there was no math theory. Now seeing them grafted to a language that is considered the golden measure of all imperative languages is kinda LOL. Sure, monads come from category theory. IO and interactivity doesn't. Yes, though futures were always like that when you look at Java for example. Java always suffered from the need to prepare complex design patterns to do simplest things as it was much less flexible than C++. Now C++ is getting there as well. I personally would stick with some earlier C++ standard and use Haskell for my functional programming needs. Feels much more natural than trying to bend each language to support every thought process imaginable, and doing a poor job at that. Very nice! An interesting approach! Did you also consider using some more advanced geometry representation of terrain other than heightfields, such as triangulated irregular networks? That would allow you to choose an error threshold for each LOD and seamlessly join neighboring patches together without the need to use vertex shaders for it. I did my own "Google Earth"-alike using a modified BDAM algorithm a couple of years ago. It required Hadoop preprocessing of detailed input data (resolution in meters), parallel terrain simplification using quadric error metrics and edge collapses and produced a set of layers at different LODs. The cool thing about it was that you could have chosen the desired screen-space error and fetch only those LODs that were fitting - usually these had far smaller size than regular heightfields of the same resoultion/error. You could have also incorporated roads, rivers, buildings, bridges, tunnels straight into your terrain geometry, as well as different textures for each sub-part of it. The tessellation was a bit funky (BDAM uses triangular patches instead of tiles) however there are also variants that utilize rectangular tiles. Vertex shader was then used to simulate 64-bit precision, giving uniform rendering detail in centimeters for the whole Solar system. Geometry shader could add more detail into it and overall it was very snappy online as the size of downloaded data was smaller than with regular meshes. Completely understood, it's better to focus on interesting 3D stuff and easier to do it this way in JavaScript than to handle tile caching using WebWorkers/WebSockets and local storage in a language that doesn't support proper multithreading. Yes, the project was completed and working fine though it ended up buried deep within my former employer's R&D lab and I have no update if they are using parts of it anywhere. They got acquired and another office was aggressively taking over, getting rid of internal competing technologies. I also had a prior experience in adding dynamic 3D cities and vector maps into NASA's World Wind, and therefore writing a completely own globe from the scratch was a joy ;-) I am thinking about doing similar apps in WebGL and Qt and writing some tutorials on how to do it as I progress, so perhaps we can inspire each other then. First I need to finish some tutorials for advanced 2D geometry and Bezier curves though (Illustrator-class algorithms with JavaScript + HTML5 live examples). Thanks for writing this inspiring piece! :) I believe there are two problems in flight simulators: - insufficient precision of OpenGL 32-bit floats in Earth-scale computations. If you want to render the whole Earth, you'll find that at the ground level your precision is only 16m resulting in jittering as you move. This was usually solved by "zoning" and local coordinate systems, hence it was easier to deal with a smaller set of ground "tiles" and haze out the distant ones. Having said all that, nowadays you can use vertex shaders to simulate 64-bit (or rather 56-bit) precision and get around 1cm resolution at any distance - the need to have various LODs that include curvature of the Earth with significantly increased error tolerances, which in turn increases memory consumption. Again, nowadays should be no longer an issue given entry-level GPUs having 1GB of RAM and geometry shaders Jean Michel Jarre - Music for the Supermarkets That would be under an assumption that the distribution of planes around the globe is even. Given most jetliners are flying in corridors, I would say the actual probability is much much lower. The same can be probably said about meteorites - I guess their geographic distribution is uneven as well. Can you combine this with AVISynth for rendering videos? It would be cool to be able to completely bypass Lightroom when I need to process individual images and do it instead in a single script. It's probably common in technology area that due to Dunning-Kruger effect many super talented engineers have low self-esteem and real-life skills, and are attracted by "magical" personalities, forming narcissist-codependent pairs. I see it all around, it's sad, but unless engineers fix their broken "insides", it's going to happen. It's then pretty logical that the narcissistic part of the pair gets all the fame, spotlight, power, and the co-dependent part gets used, squeezed, depleted and thrown away once not useful. D-K goes both ways - unskilled think of themselves highly, highly skilled lowly. I often wonder if this is the ultimate joke of the Universe embedded deeply in the fabric of "matrix". I understand you, I had some experiences when I had to continuously facepalm when dealing with politics, ideas that had a strong push due to nepotism and cronyism, threatening somebody's power by presenting and executing superior non-trivial ideas in a very short time that became the base of the whole operations etc. In the end I decided I don't want to waste my life working for people propagating this way of working and had to completely overhaul my strategy. I can give you a few advices (with your intelligence you are aware of them anyway though might not have been acting on them so far): 1) start your own business(es) that can be automated to a large extent. You'd spend 1 hour a day running it, making adjustments and in time it would grow to sustain you 100%. There are still a plenty of areas you can focus at, you might have avoided them because they are "easy", or "anyone could do that", "uninteresting" etc. Yet they give you a recurring income that would give you freedom to pursue whatever you want to do. 2) accept (and give) only partnerships when working with someone, on fair terms 3) do a reasonable long-term investing, 80% "stable", 20% risky or whatever reasonable ratio suits you 4) when forced to work on something due to economical circumstances, sudden change of directions due to acquisition etc. with which you can't agree, stop using your emotions there and do the average expected work, while preserving energy and attention to your future opportunities 5) retain your integrity. Compromising yourself weakens you immensely 6) make sure you are on top of your game all the time - get excellent at chosen difficult MOOCs, do some new thing with an utmost focus (arts?), anything where you can get a real feedback about your capabilities and progress You should understand you hold enormous power even as an individual. Perhaps because of your past generosity or good will you didn't use it or were led to believe that you can't do a lot of things - I think your subconsciousness is rebelling to such thoughts, hence the strong reactions you have. You can literally bring whole companies to the ground if you wish to, or create something unique that empowers others in a good way. Most people become mediocre, uninspiring, "happiness" pursuers, take some kind of blue pill, yet still thinking they have the best ideas, are brilliant, master minds etc. They will never understand what is going on once you start utilizing your mind to improve some small part of life for everyone. There is just too much of "me too" in design nowadays. I was really dismayed when MS came up with Metro/Modern and suddenly most vocal designers flipped switch and started to produce designs inspired by the new MS's design language. No creativity there at all, just plain boring simplistic uniformly colored boxes. I guess even Apple caught the metroitis with iOS 7. No idea what went on over there, from UI that was appreciated as the most beautiful, polished and envied it just borrowed approach from the most controversial that many find disgusting (hey, was the default color palette chosen by color blind people?). We had the same problem when hiring designers for our creative product - most designers just flat out copied all sorts of ugly trendy flat designs. I really don't want my app to look like it was designed by the 5-year old Miró that just discovered boxes in MS Paint. What is happening in design? Is it the same thing that happened with classical music when modernists completely broke historic standards and started to produce "intellectual" music that maybe 5% of population can appreciate, the rest just suffers through? I can automate creation of ugly boxes/flat stuff myself, I don't need designers to do that. From a designer I would expect something original, expression of craftmanship that will discern my work from the others. Not uniformity. boto.mws is absolutely essential for e-commerce on Amazon. I can't even think of moving to 3.x because of that. Not to mention other critical components like Excel processing etc. 2->3 is a major problem in Python, can't understand the thinking behind breaking that much compatibility. Compare this to Java. I think people see what they want to see. Current Zeitgeist is pointing towards approving use of pot for recreational purposes while ignoring all the risks or even discrediting anyone saying the opposite. I deeply remember one episode from my adolescence when another kid smoke a large amount of pot in the basement and suddenly started yelling: "Dragon, I see dragon!" while having his eyes open in an expression of fear for a few hours. From my point of view, pot smoking is another horrible idea such as cigarette smoking - it annoys anyone who doesn't smoke as the air quality deteriorates and damages both active and passive participant's health. Moreover, certain parts of population are prone to damage their brains as well as compromise their will, instead running away to "lalaland" whenever they face any challenge. There is a saying in Frankfurt nightclubs that you can't build a business on stoners and some nightclubs had to close due to having their business deteriorating due to unofficially allowing pot inside. Similar to crack cocaine in Rio de Janeiro when the drug trafficking favelados decided not to sell it anymore as it was killing their own customers and business. As a professional photographer I can see what drugs are doing to my models - you have a world-class awesome beauty with a great personality one year, and the next year a train-wreck with horrible changes to physiology and likely involved in escorting business. In other words, I see the movement to legalize pot as another insanity in progress. And we think humanity is evolving... Yes, it's a horrible tragedy what is happening in Mexico, especially border cities like Ciudad Juarez and Tijuana, as well as other South American or Middle-Eastern countries due to drug trafficking. Ask people in northern Mexico what do they think - most of them will tell you that they just want Americans to take all the drugs and the facilities to USA and keep them away from Mexico so that they can live normal lives and not be threatened by Zetas and Gulf cartel gunners hijacking buses and forcing participants to fight in gladiator-style for survival, or to dig 5000 graves of women killed by gangs of Juarez at the outskirts of the city. Why do they have to suffer all the consequences when some people in the US need to be "high" to feel good about themselves? The problem is in YOU guys, not in the war on drugs. Congrats! Great job guys! Just a few questions - what algorithm do you use for geometry simplification? Is it based on quadric error metrics edge collapses? How do you join tiles of different LODs? Any papers on reconstructing 3D from your drones? Is actually anyone considering JavaScript not to be "ruined" by default in the first place? On ARM the tempo is considerably slower than on AMD64 and on SPARC it seems to play a lot more instruments at the same time. LOL What a parody! With this article she effectively destroyed her business... Unbelievable! Nobody with a brain would like to work for her after a simple search for references and her customers must be already scratching their heads if they can trust that a business with her as a head would stay afloat... Unless she is linked to EU funds that can keep her business funded regardless of performance due to political connections, I don't think many people would be willing to bet on her. This is not about making tough calls when they are necessary, it's about exhibiting inability to comprehend basic business and operational issues and inability to at least conceal that fact by issuing meaningless statements. I am wondering if the prolonged latencies from most of the Google services I am experiencing in the past few years are somehow related to using Spanner instead of the previously conventional "compute in advance offline"-"serve immediately" approach. The Spanner paper mentioned they sacrificed a bit of latency (from nanoseconds in DHT lookup to milliseconds). I understand it's more convenient for Google developers to have more predictable thought framework instead of making every single project a piece of art while spending most of the time fighting inconsistencies arising from eventual consistency. The question is if it was worth it? I remember time when Google services were amazingly fast - that time is unfortunately gone :-( I meant the traditional NoSQL architecture (like what LinkedIn was using) where you had offline batch processing based on Map Reduce executed regularly during the day and the results were stored in a distributed hash table with super low latency and eventual consistency. This made access super fast but inflexible, i.e. only what was precomputed could have been accessed. Amazon estimated that each 1 ms of additional latency costs them a few million dollars a year as well as decreases rate of returning users. For low latency there is still nothing better than eventual consistency, so they may be driven by the bottom line. Also, from my experience of being a merchant on Amazon with hundreds of thousands of items in inventory that need to be updated almost realtime as prices/stock changes all the time, leading to a few millions updates a day (in bulk), I can't envision how Amazon would be able to achieve fast import from a horde of merchants like me on any SQL system. I wish the same. I needed over 160 BD-R to archive 5K RAW footage of my around the world movie and just archiving them on a single BluRay writer took a few days. I wish there was more progress in consumer space... I hope they are going to improve precision of elevation as well, not just longitude and latitude. Excellent! Congratulations! Can't wait to get my hands on the 64 core version! :-) 1366x768 in 2014? This argument won't stand. New phone displays have significantly lower battery consumption than the old ones and substantially higher resolutions. And you can always employ tricks like reducing refresh rate to lower the consumption even more. Could be. 13" rMBP won't be much different from a 13" rMBA then. I have a 15" rMBP. This is about MBA. iPad doesn't have a problem having retina display, just MBA. I always assumed Google has two kinds of translations - the online we know from the web, which is fast though simple, and an offline, that is much more realistic but slow. Other companies achieved very good offline translations (often by employing professional translations that translated sentences between languages and building databases for automated translation) and I see no reason why Google wouldn't be able to create/license a similar one. There is a huge disconnect between intuitive mathematics and the formalized one taught at universities since the middle of the 20th century due to Bourbaki's group. For many people this emptied mathematics and made it inaccessible to a large portion of population, making them 2nd class citizens of the future, group which would be otherwise capable of mastering it with a proper pedagogical style. IMO this is a pedagogical insanity, flooding young kids with formalisms that took centuries to emerge without any explanation about their background and enforcing form over content, which is what cuts many super talented people and forces them to focus at different fields. There are many problems with contemporary math that are conveniently avoided (binary logic for example - most of the population doesn't believe it has any connection to thinking due to weirdness of material implication and teacher's insistence that this is the right way to think, never mentioning that its distant father Aristotle was so discontent with it that he immediately developed a first proto-modal logic), etc. If some constructionists and intuitionists weren't going against the scientific current, we wouldn't have had computers for a long time. You can get back to it. I did the opposite decision 9 years ago - I started a PhD on cancer detection out of pure idealism, completely ignoring money as useless. Later I realized that I need large sums of money to pursue the grand dreams I had, hence I started multiple e-commerce companies (that can be almost automated) to get the necessary cashflow for independent research on what I deem important (cancer, multiplex sclerosis etc.). You are already in the position of being able to fund things that matter - now it might be a good opportunity to seek people that can help you getting your dreams of a better world come true. I know a few people that founded successful businesses and later they removed themselves from most of the duties except for ownership and started to pursue their visions, such as prolonging human life, organ replacement etc. A case for always using polarizing filter ;-) I find it funny that my graphics card is now faster than the world's fastest supercomputer in 1997, yet I am forced to "offload" stuff to cloud. I bought CS6 suite as it became clear Adobe is moving full steam ahead with CC. I think it is one of those examples where the move serves only company's interests and doesn't make much sense to users (except for continuous updates that might accidentally break things as well). The initial pricing might have been competitive for some packages, for many users however caused substantial increase if they used to skip one cycle for upgrades. I understand Adobe needs a predictable revenue stream though I consider this as a flop. This all seems sensible until Adobe revokes your license and you lose all money you invested so far and access to the work you produced. There should be consumer protection laws for these cases. When you pirate software, everything works smoothly (unless you catch some trojan), but if you are a paying customer, all kinds of unpleasant and artificial problems are thrown at you. Lightroom is far better for the tasks you mentioned than GIMP. IrfanView or XnView would be also perfectly adequate for your simple tasks. Forget about easy skin retouching in GIMP, no 16-bit/channel in official release yet, forget about high-end fashion photography with GIMP. It's still not there :-( I have a feeling that "being busy" is just a gentle form of crowd control. I could see it in Japan, people being terribly busy at work, yet producing very little, spending most of the time during the day at job, unable to do anything in their spare time. I guess that's how Asian society makes sure there is no unexpected creativity leading to "interesting times". It could also help individual people to cope with social anxieties by being "busy". I wouldn't be surprised if the same were happening in the States. I don't believe people can be super-productive more than 5 hours a day unless they work on something they are passionate about or are on drugs. From my experience, just walking away from a difficult problem, taking time to walk in the forest, relax on the beach, playing sports with friends, doing completely unrelated relaxing things with total focus often leads to sudden inspirations on how to tackle difficult problems. It's like life is telling me to relax and rewards me with great ideas that can be immediately executed, for being just well balanced. I remember flying with one US businessman between Hawaiian islands, and he curiously asked me how many vacation days do I have - when I told him it's 6 weeks, he went on to complain about how crazy is it in the States, with average of 8.5 day or so of vacation per year. People, please live your lives! I am currently in Germany, 6 weeks is basically a standard excluding holidays (which is up to 13 extra days depending on the state and weekend overlay as there are no bank holidays). So in the end you can end up with ~8 weeks. Minimum vacation days as specified by the law is 4 weeks. Most of my friends in the US start with 2 weeks, after a few years they get 3 weeks, then these are reset if they change the job, and if they take a vacation, they are either frowned upon or they have to be available to work on a moments notice. I find this utterly crazy. Well, 2 weeks were a starting offer from once the most valuable company on the planet for a senior SW engineer position in California, with automatic extension by 1 week after the first year, and another week after a promotion to a staff engineer. One Seattle-based eCommerce company forced you to keep pager with you all the times, even on a vacation, if you were an unlucky part of operations. This can't happen in most European countries, unless the company desperately wants to lose plenty of court cases. One member of my US family in the midwest worked in an unionized menial job with 1 week of paid vacation including sick days. The rest was unpaid. If you are running multiple automated eCommerce companies that have their core system written in Python 2 like I do, you'd find that boto/mws and python-excel aren't available for Python 3 (python-excel's porting to Py3 stopped in 2011), which would prevent you from spawning new businesses on Amazon or handling (unfortunately standard) MS Office interchange files quickly. I actually made the decision to run on Python 2 due to unavailability of these libraries for Python 3 about a year ago (I didn't really care about Python before as I primarily used C++/Java/Asm/GLSL/C#/Haskell in the past) - I was deeply shocked by what Py3 did to its own community and still have that weird feeling that Python is slowly killing itself. I didn't want to write my own Amazon and MS Office wrappers in Python 3 anyway and from all platforms available Py2 seemed to have the least amount of troubles (though I had to write some Py3 code for handling advanced TLS properly). I worked at SUN in the distant past, the backwards compatibility was the mantra #1. Both latest Java and Solaris were expected to run the oldest possible code, and they considered it one of the most important assets. For many people in eCommerce and banking the arrival of Java was a "manna from heaven", as before they had to deal with the crazy complexity of CORBA and similar technologies. Java simplified this significantly and added at the time modern easy-to-program and fairly safe multi-threading that allowed software like Apache etc. This made Java famous and gave it a "huge karma" amongst developers. Without Java we probably wouldn't have experienced the massive expansion of eCommerce, and now we are lucky to see all the Java's issues - a good problem to have ;-) Java and JVM as a consequence have their share of problems that arose from initial design decisions such as type erasure (which .NET's CLR avoided) that still deforms all languages based on JVM to this day. Massive boilerplating, J2EE's unreadable XML mess, complex design patterns invented to cope with the limitations of the language are some of the other problems. The compatibility with the old code is still there though. I've never played with Ruby, I've heard it's still used by many young web companies for their frontends (like SoundCloud) and have heard they had some release that broke most of the compatibility which alienated many of their users. From this and from Python's example I would suggest keeping both the old way and introducing the new ways in parallel so that developers don't have to rewrite/reinvent the wheel when somebody decides to change a part of the language. This served C/C++ pretty well, adding slowly new features and instead of forcing users to use the "current right way", they allowed to live multiple different approaches together. I think that would have served Python well as well - even Py3 feels at places like a hack, similar to Py2. One of the few pleasures of modern world is now slowly being removed! :-D I guess I will treasure my memories of driving Lamborghini Murcielago over 200mph forever and will tell my grandchildren there was a time when you actually could drive a car yourself! And to those that argue young people don't want to own the car - it's mostly about not wanting to spend your life commuting, hunting parking spots or in traffic jams, and frankly, daily driving to work in the States is as boring as it can get. I don't own a car, I rely on public transport which is usually faster in European cities than driving your own car, allowing me to work on a lot of stuff while traveling. Whenever I need I rather rent a car - it's newer, serviced, no hassles and I can try different cars at will. From that point of view self-driving vehicle is wonderful (if it becomes eco-nomical/logical), though as a car-geek and F1/CART fan I really love to drive for pleasure. Still, if you think about it, what will be then the difference between having all cars self-driving, and public transport? All cars will be queued automatically, possibly flow-"optimized" at junctions, behaving like a special type of public transport (if we manage to create a proper real-time highly intelligent scheduling). When you look at how Google computes the fastest route in their maps/online navigation, they basically have some precomputed grid of "main" traffic centers, and they route all local traffic to the nearest of those centers. The main centers have pre-computed distances/times/routes between each other, so they can be stored in a distributed hashmap, and the lookup of the fastest route takes nanoseconds. The remaining "local" part is then computed on the fly. I am curious if a similar algorithm will be used in our self-driving future - you'd have local part of the route where you'll board a self-driving car and that will lead you to one of those "main" centers where a super-fast transport will move you to another "main" center, either by having you to board an express-train like device, or putting the whole car or just its interior there. What do you think? I think Chinese can probably experiment with such approach in one of their experimental cities ;-) Well, I live in Germany so go figure. And please stop with your condemning talk! The ladies returning from a supermarket go often over 120mph over here on their way back home (legally!), you can see Porsche test drivers going full speed at 2am on an Autobahn almost every day, yet the accident/fatality rate is actually lower than on interstates in your country (I assume you are from the US). People here are drilled like crazy to obtain a driving license, unlike driving around the block and doing simple parking, and they behave well on the highways, letting faster cars ahead and not blocking them going 65mph in the fast lane or hastily switching lanes. Not far from my city is probably the most hardcore racing circuit in the world open for public - Nürburgring, and what other car would be suitable for reaching 200mph if not one like perfectly serviced Murcielago? Yes, it's risky. So is eating HFCS in all your food daily and sticking to high-carb diet, depriving oneself of sleep due to working long hours or not taking vacation to recharge due to constant stress. I am not talking about stupid reckless street racing - that's very uncommon over here. I agree with your assessment. It's probably inevitable and actually will do a lot of good allowing people that are unable to drive to reach their destinations, as well as avoiding the need to waste time on learning how to drive (I know in the US it's pretty easy, but in most of other countries it's a fairly difficult and non-trivial endeavor to acquire a driving license). If we can really pull it off in all real-world conditions, it would be pretty cool. At that point I wouldn't see any future for old school technological marvels like Murcielago anymore, as they wouldn't be allowed to interfere with automated traffic (human factor is unpredictable and we probably won't crack the problem of safely handling all situations automatically, though maybe with a huge sensor coverage the risks could diminish). Personally, I can't wait until we invent teleports capable of transferring living subjects, though that seems to be a task for a century far away ;-) Time to get a nice tough crowbar 8-) I don't like SQL either. Disclaimer: I wrote my own SQL server some time ago, then went on to help to prepare a NoSQL architecture at one of the largest tech companies. SQL is a weird hack of relational algebra with a huge variation of syntax between different providers. Also, it's pretty inflexible if you need to change schema, you need to solve crazy transactional problems if you write your own server, not mentioning the problems arising from clustering. Try modeling trees in SQL - if your data is mostly static, you will be saved by nested sets or their fractal successor, however most SQL servers mislead you in thinking their tree-functions are anywhere as performing. If you think you don't need trees, imagine modeling categories or an org chart in SQL, and making sure decisions at one level propagate correctly to all levels underneath and can be overriden only with correct permissions, and this must be a part of each query. Try to benchmark your CTE query against a nested-sets implementation as described e.g. here: http://www.evanpetersen.com/item/nested-sets.html I am not sure what is the situation today; in 2005 when I wrote nested-sets implementation for TSQL and benchmarked it against Oracle's START-CONNECT extension it was a few milliseconds vs seconds for large hierarchies. Of course, nested sets need an occasional rebuild of the whole hierarchy so they are only useful for mostly static hierarchical data. If you have only a couple of levels, you are probably fine with what your SQL server offers; for huge amount of hierarchical data you need to use something smarter. I'll just put a few points here to understand when you should use which architecture. NoSQL: - reading is fast, writing is expensive (if all data are pre-processed/denormalized for reading during the writing phase) - often schema-less - low latency (for key-value storage) - offline batch processing (classical Map Reduce) - no ACID, choose 2 of 3 in CAP - demanding on SW engineers to get client-side conflict resolution, tricky in general - Petabytes of data can be suddenly processed - huge variation of different paradigms, key-value, document, graph, batch etc. - haywire indexing SQL: - writes are fast (normalization), reads are expensive (JOINs) - ACID (well, only to some extent, clustering messes up many ACID properties unfortunately and conflicts arise in corner cases) - set operations and a neat math theory behind them - stable indexing, easily constructable real-time JOINs - OLTP - easier for developers - non-flexible schema - tradition, well-known recipes on how to do things Basically, if you want to have low-latency access, your concurrency model allows eventual consistency, or you have a need to store your data in non-standard structure such as graphs/trees, use NoSQL and pre-process all data to be exactly in the format you require for reading. If you need 99.999% guarantee of consistent data, amount of data you need to handle is under 50TB, you can put your data into a fixed schema and latency doesn't matter that much, use SQL. I would recommend you to ask yourself a question - is your app/business read-heavy or write-heavy and decide accordingly. Berlin is underfunded, top management has the "dominate everything" attitude in most start ups, no equity to employees, people are expected to be conforming to their bosses (German mentality), wage split into fixed (small) + variable part (which mostly doesn't materialize), low-ball offers are the name of the game in Berlin, selling a dream of a bright future with no equity. The race of the uglies - OS X Yosemite vs Windows 8.1 - is on! :-D Sorry, this was just a jab at the flat-design trend nowadays ;-) I use OS X only since 10.7 so I didn't have any exposure to its previous versions. As a senior developer you can get 75k fixed + 10k variable even in some of Berlin's start-ups, however you might get that easily in Hamburg, Munich, Ingolstadt or Frankfurt. In Munich and Frankfurt you can get 110k + about the same variable if you work for one of the trading/ad companies (and have a stomach for it). The housing prices in Berlin are skyrocketing, approaching the other big German cities fast, so basically with 38k you would be quite close to poverty level if you have a family (though "poverty" in Germany is much gentler than in the US due to a lot of social support and welfare from the government, paid by high taxes). At SUN I was working with 256-thread SPARCs regularly and it was fairly simple to program using Java, except for some oddities in Solaris regarding networking stack. So if you need fast web servers, app servers or ETL, these chips can be pretty awesome. SPARC's threads were slower than ARM processors in mainstream phones nowadays, yet they were pretty good in handling web load. I would buy these chips in an instant, similarly to Parallela's 64-core ARM. The competition would be Xeon Phi - I assume that is much more expensive and the memory is too limited (8GB). Thanks for correcting me, you are right! It has 64 RISC cores alongside dual-core ARM. Xeon Phi seems to be targeting two markets at once - many-core (x64) server computing and GPGPU with their 512-bit SIMD. For general server the memory limitation to 8GB is too low, which is however very competitive in GPGPU market. Exciting times ahead ;-) Also, there is a difference in required memory architecture when it comes to optimizing CPU thread performance vs SIMD - CPU is more sensitive to latency, SIMD to bandwidth. You usually have to pick the memory type (e.g. DDR3 vs GDDR5) that optimizes one of those and that would tell you what market you target. I am not sure how AMD handles their HSA - they seem to have discontinued plans for GDDR5 so their Fusion GPU is going to be bandwidth-starved. Actually, this holds only up to certain extent. Synchronization, locking, memory access patterns and context-switching from many threads with accompanied cache thrashing can bring the effective parallelization to very small levels. I remember from benchmarking a high performance transactional messaging system in Java I was working on seeing how it hit a flat line at some point where it didn't scale at all due to CPU/memory contention (this depended on maximal number of threads allowed). We had to look at alternative designs such as 0MQ to see how they overcame it - basically they put one working/client thread per core to achieve their 1M messages/s. We were using 10s of thousands of threads in our middleware when necessary, and that was faster than async NIO in Java 6 at that time. I was trying to crack exactly the same problem a decade ago - I was very frustrated by "classical" perspective distortions (such as looking up and down at a very tall pole, you notice in 3D projection the projected width at a given height changes depending on the pitch angle, which is counter-intuitive as your eye doesn't do that). I searched for answers, read Denis Zorin's disertation from Caltech, various different camera models etc. After one talk with a neurosurgeon he mentioned that those "perspective distortions" are perceived often by patients after a brain surgery and as the brain heals the normal undistorted picture begins to emerge. I am still curious if there is a more realistic mathematic formula that would allow us to have exactly the same perspective projection in 3D graphics as we have with our eyes. Anyone knows any recent research on this subject? I guess the perception is that MBAs are trained to become a part of an already established traditional business and not a ground-breaking start up, their skills are specifically trained to support the current form of corporations. This notion is supported by entrepreneurship courses from people like Steve Blank. Moreover, MBAs are perceived as being unable to grasp the technological advancement, "getting in the way" of technology and insisting on leading because they have such a degree and not because of their real-world skills (and often insisting on non-sensical and "trendy" priorities), and this sentiment is pretty common amongst typical techies. We really must be living in an idiocracy if this passed Turing test. Perfect! Thanks for the tip! I will add UTAUloids to the collection of vocaloids I bought in Kyoto! Composing music with Hatsune Miku or Megpoid vocaloids was fun, can't wait to try UTAU as well ;-) Sounds like something from Alan Parsons Project :-) Why not use Android sticks instead? For $60 you can get a quad-core with 2GB RAM, USB + HDMI + WiFi + BT and passively cooled. You can place dozens of them on a single rack. What would be Chromebook advantage here? I meant "passively cooled" as their advantage. You can always place some Noctua on top of them if needed, you just don't have to. I have one of RK3188-based sticks which is enclosed in a passive case. I also run the latest Bay Trail NUC in passive mode 24/7 and its temperature is higher on heavy load than of that Android stick. Performance wise BT is about 2x as fast, though it depends on a task. 9W vs 14W at full load including OpenGL, 1W vs 4W at idle. Bay Trail is about the same speed as Core 2 Duo or 1st gen Phenom. I assume Snapdragon 800, Mediatek MT6595 and new A57 chips are there as well, or even better. Soon we should start seeing chips approaching the speed of i3 on smartphone SoCs. If you optimize for latency relational databases won't cut it. OK, I should have written "if you optimize for read-access latency". Better? Thank you for sharing your experience! It's always inspiring to read well-written articles as is yours! Some people say astaxanthin helped them. Come on, this is like the easiest problem you could have gotten during Google's, Microsoft's or Facebook's phone screening interview. If you can't figure it out in 10 minutes, then you should forget about working there. I miss the old times when these puzzlers were asked during interviews. My theory is that you can recognize an excellent place of work with a great future when they actually ask you these sorts of questions as it attracts certain kind of excellent and creative people. I could see the "interestingness" of companies being shifted as they abandoned these questions, first Microsoft (picked up by Google), then Google (picked up by Facebook), like they were passing some kind of "greatness" token (MS->G->FB). I was told at Google that I solved two problems like this during an interview that nobody solved before me in 15 minutes (one led to a super complicated math formula and dynamic programming, the other I solved optimally but differently to their solution, and provided an optimality proof based on discrete calculus). It was the greatest and most challenging interview in my life. I miss it, all interviews nowadays are just boring as hell :-/ Yes, I had it during 1st phone screen with Microsoft, coding it in their interviewing system and I figured out the two pointer version without a prior knowledge. I proved that my solution had optimal time complexity using discrete calculus, for a highly non-trivial problem that requires to come up with unexpected ideas under huge stress. They saw my own open-space real-time software 3D rendering engine with texturing and shading (C++/Asm) at SourceForge already, they saw my own SQL server (many students at my first university were ripping it off for their own class projects in the next years so it was a mistake to make it open) as well as other projects I did prior to that interview so they were familiar with my coding style and quality. Also, before that while working at SUN I did some work on a test suite with 10,000s of tests, many of them for SUN's own compliance with one of their standards, making sure it was executing on a distributed cluster every day for every branch they had in order to ship the best quality to customers. Many of these tests were for obscure cluster failure cases using custom bleeding-edge test frameworks. So the answer is no, I didn't write any test at Google interview, it wasn't required. How can you prove you can code in a team during an one-on-one interview? At best you can give hints that you are willing to discuss stuff and change your progress on input from the interviewer and explore if there is any sort of chemistry between you two, which is about all you can do. I really hate this kind of nitpicking, averaging everyone to a "normal" level, trying to find something wrong in someone because she or he goes against (IMO) lazy typical stereotype. Enjoy your mediocrity! Are there still hackers on HN? I don't think that's gonna ever happen. That would cannibalize ReSharper for C# sales which are bound to Visual Studio and cause a cool down in the relationship with Microsoft. Sure way to go out of business. Russia is obviously preparing for a war. They are trying to build and control their own services for everything (finance, e-commerce, even CPU manufacturing etc.) so that the country doesn't collapse once it is cut off from the West, the weakness China doesn't have. It sucks for all the people that want to enjoy freedom there. KMP is conceptually very cool, as well as other clever string searching algorithms (BM, RK, AC), though one of the questions for me always was if even its most efficient implementation wouldn't be always slower than executing a brute-force combination of REP CMPSL/CMPSB instructions (x86) for vast majority of searched strings? I know about the time complexity, but my argument points to the CPU architecture and cache/branch prediction efficiency. KMP has a lot of branching which is more expensive than a simple cache (line) hit, cache REP CMPSx doesn't have any branching, aborts immediately after a mismatch with only a single loop over the starting position, search is also pretty much linear. This is not a Turing machine where it is being executed ;-) So in theory KMP is faster, in practice for not very large strings I am really not sure... There are plenty of optimal algorithms where the fixed cost is too high for majority of useful cases comparing to less optimal algorithms with very low fixed costs. Does KMP have as much "mechanical sympathy" to overcome specific machine code instructions for most frequent cases? Ugh, what's the point? Hiring by robots? How does this differ from running a VNC client inside any browser? Just an honest curiosity - what new atom.io can bring to Windows users? I understand the situation on OS X is dire with only a handful of capable text editors (a fact that drives me crazy when I need to do something non-trivial on OS X I am used to do on Windows), but on Windows you have a plenty of excellent programmer-friendly text editors/IDEs that seem to have more features than atom.io or sublime (even with live editing, multiple cursors etc.). Yes, I am using both atom.io and Sublime on OS X because I have no choice, but on Windows? Come on, 512MB RAM in 2014? Bargain? Underspecced device, unable to run any slightly advanced recent WP game, incomparable even to Moto E. 935 with Win 8.1 might be interesting to talk about, 635 is underwhelming, the only possible advantage are offline HERE Maps. Second system effect unfortunately :-( IMHO They should have started with a simpler Harmattan-level functionality rather than redesigning most of the things and getting inspiration even from WP with the color palette and UI layouts. They lost authenticity and originality in the process, N9 seemed super elegant comparing to the 1st Jolla phone, the icons especially are unpleasant to look at. And I say this as a fan of Jolla and previously of MeeGo/Maemo. I hope they will improve with their 2nd device. If you look at forum complaints with low-end WP devices, most people complain exactly about low memory that prevents them to install a lot of interesting stuff from the Windows Phone Store. I couldn't believe when Nokia decided to limit availability of 525 to 3rd world countries (that one had 1GB), and continued offering 520/6xx in the rest of the world, and then acting surprised when their sales were dropping like crazy. And after that they decided to release 635 again with 512MB... I remember when Elop was arguing that WP doesn't need to support more cores as it runs fine on a single core (when Nokia didn't have multicore SoC supplier and MS had only single core kernel in WP7). Immediately as Nokia signed Qualcomm and MS released multicore kernel in WP8, Elop started marketing the more cores, the better. I just have feeling that your argument is a different version of the same. If you are running your own company that grew and stabilized a bit, and you have time to learn about how other established companies do their stuff and most important connect with other people in a similar situation, it's worth it. If you want to get just another title to show how good you are, it's not a good use of your time. What if there is no such universal thing? What if our DNAs, tRNAs, upbringing etc. generate a very wide set of health requirements that aren't in sync between all humans but instead compete with each other? Some people eat bacon and trans fat every day and live up to 100 years. Some people die in their 30s on the same diet etc. Are we going to end up with an average that doesn't fit anyone? Time between disasters has exponential distribution (or the number of disasters in given time adheres to Poisson distribution). Something we were taught at the university. LOL, I am hitting most of these for completely different reasons and never attempted nor plan to attempt a fraud. I guess another overreaching application of statistics (it must be because confidence intervals say so and our prediction model agrees!). It resembles to me the saying that all murderers eat bread, so bread is dangerous!!! I really hate oversimplifications in these serious matters. It happened to me that my bank was using a similar silly algorithm to consistently block my credit card during my world travel every time I arrived to a new country/airport, even if I told them about it in advance. A way to lose customer for life for sure, especially when their emergency line operates only during working days between 9am-6pm in Germany... So what's the difference between what NASA does, what Chinese did with Em drive and what Russians have orbiting in Yubileiny satellite? More interesting question: can I make one at home? I can do magnetic levitation, both pushing and pulling with high-frequency electromagnets; it would be cool if I could do this as well and having floating objects in my home 8-) Very nice! Is there software available I can use, or do I have to implement the algorithms from the paper myself? I make a lot of 4K hyperlapse movies, it is tedious as AfterEffect's warp stabilizer is useful only in a small fraction of cases, Deshaker is more consistent but also not perfect, and the only option in the end is multi-pass manual tracking and stabilizing which is very time consuming and tricky for long panning shots. Get O visa, as a PhD holder you should be fine. E visa is also a possibility, though it costs at least $100k to get in. Please Intel, release it in 2014! Don't make it slip into 2015! I really really want a 10W NUC with Broadwell i7 as my main desktop machine! I don't really care about super high performance - I need a small NUC that I can cool passively with reasonable performance for typical business stuff I do on the desktop. I understand the difference between mobile i5 vs i7 is almost none even on Haswell (both are dual-core with hyperthreading unlike desktop versions). I already have a 17W IvyBridge i7-3517U in one of my notebooks so I know what I am talking about. I also can't wait for 19W Kaveri for another tiny desktop setup... EDIT: i7 details Sure, there is a 47W i7-4960HQ in rMBP which has significantly higher power consumption than what I am looking for. If you look at low power U versions of i5 and i7, they seem almost identical (with i7 having larger cache and a bit higher frequency; both are dual core and have hyperthreading). In desktop, you can see i5 is without HT contrary to i7. If Broadwell can bring 20W quadcore i5/i7 - that would be even better! Currently only BayTrail Pentium J can offer that. The irony is that we now (finally!) know that cholesterol is actually super important for us, so important that body manufactures it itself and there is no correlation between cholesterol-rich food and the actual cholesterol level in blood. Body uses it to patch veins when cracks or another damage appears there. So take statins, and you might end up with internal bleeding instead... It seems the main epidemic is long-term inflammation, causing many civilization illnesses. Sugar is one of the most inflammatory foods as well, as most simple carbohydrates. Well, whether you like or not, your main meta-goal seems to be "efficiency" from what you've written, so that seems to be your subconscious "ultimate goal" or "prime principle". This is why knowing about various philosophical currents is very important, because whether you are aware of it or not, you are making philosophical choices, and many of those were already made by people before you. That was the first thing that popped up in my mind when I read the title ;-) Null is probably also much older: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mu_%28negative%29 I am using at least two fast 64GB SD Cards in copy/mirror mode on my Nikon, and back up immediately to Blu-Ray after a photoshoot/hyperlapse/video. I would be absolutely happy to use 2x512GB! From my photography experience I noticed a lot more abnormalities than just tetrachromacy, which is not uncommon amongst artists. I had a model that was "seeing" colors in the sounds (synaesthesia) - she was often saying you talk to me in blue or that person has such a nice white voice. I've been tested for color vision and I am 100% accurate meaning I can discern subtle shades from each other precisely with no effort. I also have a very light form of synaesthesia manifesting itself by seeing a flash of light in the night right before an unexpected sudden loud noise (yet with observable latency) - like seeing a lightning just before hearing a thunder, even if the noise is not accompanied by any light. I was also always wondering if what I perceive as "blue" is the same as other people perceive as "blue"? What if the neural response in my brain wires the color sensation in the same way as other people perceive "green"? That would help to understand individual preferences for colors. Also, we know there are special cells in retina doing direction detection, edge detection etc. - what if this had a profound impact on how we individually perceive world around us? Somebody can have a strong edge or directional detection present in their view all the time, logically assuming it's normal for the others as well that are lacking that ability. We are just too diverse, and people are rather quiet in order not to risk being considered abnormal and marginalized, a common problem for artists in general. It's only a few milliseconds before the noise, I would have to develop Bruce Lee-grade reflexes to do anything about it ;-) I can't recall any pattern - all I remember is a dynamic amorphous shape with different light intensities in different parts, and this just quickly flashes in front of my "eyes", right before loud sound hits. 32GB is a limitation of iX Haswell, Ivy Bridge could use 64GB - Apple can't do anything about it. Let's hope Intel allows it for Broadwell-K (-Y,-U,-H variants will be restricted to at most 16GB)... You'd be surprised how fast you can run out of memory if you are mastering your own, non-professional 5k/4k video and applying some advanced non-linear operations such as video stabilization. It's not GPU accelerated, parallelism is limited by the nature of the algorithm which makes rendering farms useless. Do you need a power hungry and noisy server with slower single thread performance than a top end i7 just for additional RAM? On the other hand, beyond 32GB, ECC seems to be very important so you probably won't have any choice but to buy a proper workstation unless AMD makes a miraculous processor on par with i7 (as they do support ECC in all models). Exactly, Broadwell would also allow passive or almost silent operation. The new NUCs in Q1/15 look more promising than this. I started experiencing GPU panics on rMBP in the past week as well, I guess NVidia or related circuits have some issues. I switched it off using gfxcardstatus and now it's stable running on Intel HD only. Try to do the same - if it stops crashing, your discrete GPU might be damaged. I think it comes from trying to make screens appear like paper prints - some people love the feel of reading books/magazines and skeumorphic design elements feel disturbing to them. Median selling fee is 15% from the end price so if you run your own marketing/ads/sales, you can offer prices without this "tax". This pushes 3rd party sellers to either very low margins (especially in electronics) or higher prices on Amazon in exchange for discoverability and no need to run your own SEO/eshop/marketing etc. I am doing the original 7 minute workout 3 times in a row every 2-3 days as intense as I can (e.g. 56 push ups in 30 seconds) and I saw huge improvements all around my body after 6 months (my body type is between ecto and mesomorph). Later I combined this with strength exercises with 20-25kg dumbbells, i.e. 1st day 7 minute workouts, 2nd day fast interval strength exercises (particularly chest and upper body) with dumbbells and 3rd day rest. The 2nd set of exercises in the article seems worth trying as well! Well, I take different breaks depending on how I feel so I can start new 7-minute set either immediately or have some time to recover in between if I feel not so great on that given day. I basically started with the original set, for two months I tried to increase number of repetitions during each phase without hurting myself, then after I pushed to my peak intensity my body got adapted to it so I added a 2nd set at a lower intensity and was slowly increasing it. The same repeated later and I added 3rd set. Now I can push all 3 sets at the same intensity (actually, 2nd and 3rd are easier), and I tried adding 4th one but got an injury so I decided to stick with 3 as my optimum. Try to get enough electrolytes before training and ignore your personal trainer's suggestions to push hard from the beginning - initially go at 50% of what you think you can do and slowly increase this each new workout (personal trainers often want to show off and just kill the beginners). That way you'd avoid the "muscle week off" after a work out. Also, try to restrict soda, simple carbs and start slowly moving towards protein-rich foods, complemented with vegetables and fruits, so that you can build muscles. I started this a year ago, now my fitness is better than ever. Try to do the same intensity I do during 7-minute workout if you can't break a sweat ;-) - 56 push ups - 44 abdominal crunches - 36 chair steps up - 35 squats - 56 triceps dips on chair - 30 lunges - 20 push ups with rotation (all in 30 seconds) I thought the point of this exercise was to slowly allow you to raise your intensity to have a real interval training, all while being constrained by time. If you do Tabata sprints, they will kill you in 4 minutes. So it really depends on how intense you can go instead of the time it takes. Yes, it's a different form than you described. I go all the way down and basically go extremely quickly up and down without slowing down the fall phase. My muscles are explosive, I am a good natural fit for tennis, squash, basketball, ice hockey, alpine skiing, sprints, etc. not for endurance (this needs a lot of work). Moreover, I have a very good skeletal maneuverability that doesn't inhibit my movements as is the case with many other muscular people. Also, it took me ~6 months to get to this level. YMMV Just out of curiosity, how did you overcome slow HTML5 canvas' getImageData and pixel reading from an image affected by CORS (tainted canvas)? WebGL textures suffer from the same problem as shaders can be used to extract data. WebGL is hence using CORS as well. Do you say the performance penalty in WebGL is non-existing contrary to canvas? Just the call on getImageData to extract texture and read all pixels from an image can take 15s if CORS is in the play... OK, thanks for the hint! I'll try to play with CORSed image texture binding to see what the performance is. Not released for tablets on Play Store. Only smartphones... Just curious if this is true - I read somewhere that during WW2 long-term starving people (months) were able to cure their diabetes. There was also some paper about a drastic diet that allows pancreas to regenerate itself and resume normal insulin production. Can someone please shed light on this? Does this work on some subset of diabetes? Or is it just a hoax/unknown? I noticed when I push myself a bit deeper into the night (I normally go sleeping at ~10pm), then at around midnight when I am already tired I have the best ideas for composing electronic music. If I stay awake, I often continue until 2-3am with an outline of a song and while very very tired, I often finish something surprisingly good and balanced so that I just need to refine/add "candy" around to finish the song. Basically I trade enhanced creativity for discomfort and feeling awful the next day, and it works surprisingly well. Adding one important fact - computing color distance between two colors in order to identify similar colors doesn't work well in any color model (often matching colors with reduced vibrance). What you need to do is to define overlapping color regions (e.g. this is yellowish, that is greenish etc.) and treat this information as more important than the computed distance for similarity matching. Yes, that's an attempt to solve this problem however if you try to use it for color matching you'd find problematic areas there as well, hence you still need to use color regions. What would be the advantage of this comparing to PCIe/M.2 PCIe SSDs? Is it all about reduced latency, i.e. very small reads/writes would benefit? Developing bleeding edge software takes time. So you start writing your SW on a top end machine; in two years it becomes mainstream, which might coincide with the time of your first release. Moore's law worked perfectly for you here. If your display is over 1080p (I use 1920x1200), Linux (at least Mint 17) switches to HiDPI by default, reducing my effective resolution to 960x600... There is some obscure setting that can switch HiDPI off, but it's a mess overall for the time being as some apps still use HiDPI (like gdm). How do you survive with UX31A's touchpad in Linux? On my UX32VD it's the most horrible part of Linux experience (also battery drained while idle in 2 hours (2 SSDs) doesn't help) Yep, it's Cinnamon, I've just installed a Debian on a new server and switched to Cinnamon, and the same happened there as well... Cinnamon has scaling slider as well, HiDPI is a bit different thing (and a different option in general settings). I am guessing - is it because of HDMI and its abysmal bandwidth? Before with VGA the actual resolution of CRT monitors was limited by RAMDAC. And 10 years ago I was able to to have 2048x1536@70Hz on a top-end 15" CRT already. I guess as nowadays all digital signal is routed through content protection filter, the technology processing these streams wasn't performing well, causing stagnation in display resolutions for a long time (well, there was also a limit in DPI of CRTs and immature LCD tech). I guess only nowadays with HDMI 2.0, DisplayPort 1.3 or Thunderbolt we are getting to the point the digital signal can be "properly" controlled by content-protection chips, hence allowing 4K+ resolutions (though it's still a mess). EDIT: spelling Military is known for using aerospace-level glues such as Loctite to quickly close bleeding wounds of soldiers (~5 seconds). Is this something similar or a completely different idea? I find it funny as Yahoo has Netty which is far better performing and more capable than node.js... I concur, long time ago I was forced to use XSLT in a business interoperability setting and it was a nightmare when I needed to do any advanced (=competitive) stuff done; it ended up almost as incomprehensible as a multi-stage map-reduce algorithm. Now for my own e-commerce ETL system I actually had to do a transformation engine encompassing JSON, XML, SQL and NoSQL in Python and rather decided to stick with the KISS principle, allowing declarative stuff for basic simple operations such as multi-key joins and offloading advanced stuff directly to customizable Python scripts. So, deep neural networks are like artists, able to see a structure in chaos? Like when Michelangelo looked at a large stone, seeing David there immediately, so do DNNs recognize lions in white noise? We should applaud introduction of phantasy and imagination into science ;-) Given that Amazon takes already ~15% off end-price of most items and the competition is pushing most margins to Recently I started doing 72h salt-water only fasting once a month and my experience is that I get somewhat dizzy after 24h in the evening, but after a sleep I can perform normally without any need to eat, even including interval training and extreme uphill biking (slightly salty water is important here). This holds also for the 3rd day, again, absolutely no need to eat. Motivation were recent articles suggesting rejuvenation of one's immunity after 72h and subsequent feeding - will see if it works. However, I believe I can do that only after I went on low-carb/no-carb diet for the past 2 years - I remember feeling horrible the first month on this diet with what you could name as "brain fog" most of the days - I guess at that point my body was learning how to survive on low carbs. Anyway, fast forward, I am now far stronger, calmer (also due to 5 minute cold showers every day) and have brain clarity I haven't had in the past 10 years, which brings relax to what would most other people take as very stressful work, as the mind can perform and focus better and faster. Drink water with electrolytes during fasting, e.g. a little bit of salt. If you drink just normal water, it's hypotonic and you'll lose electrolytes, bringing you to a hangover-like state - that might be brutal then. I guess that's individual, you have to find what works for you. Some pro athletes I know (triathlon) do intermittent fasting twice a week and do strength training right after. I guess in the beginning once 1-2 weeks should get you started. Call it just email3, new version number can be hyped to regular Joe customers as being newer, therefore better. I can't imagine getting rid of files and going all cloud in my creative visual art projects - just one second of a 14-bit RAW YUV 4:4:4 5k movie takes gigabytes, even the latest M.2 PCIe SSDs have trouble playing it back realtime, not mentioning "slow" 1Gbit Internet connection at best, though definitely not for upload. I have a feeling we are getting backwards from the efficiency point of view and am thinking this won't be a sustainable way forward - even in distributed/parallel algorithms you try to keep locality to improve performance and save resources, not to transfer everything back and forth via some middle man just because some business guy came up with some "genial" idea how to milk money. Internet companies have a few chances to earn money, subscription being one of them, but massive push into useless cloud for their particular business cases like in the case of Adobe CC or Microsoft Office just leaves bad aftertaste. Also, Dropbox/GDrive don't allow incremental update API calls for 3rd party apps, which wastes precious upload bandwidth, and in addition end to end encryption fully controlled by user is not provided which would justify full uploads. All of this just screams of artificial constraints which do not benefit anyone, in the long term not even to those companies. Until transfer over Internet is faster than sending a harddrive via FedEx, there is not much hope. You need 4k+ camera for acceptable quality 1080p final result, 16k+ camera for good 4k, 32k+ for 8k, and this just brings to their knees the most powerful Intel processors or storage devices, not mentioning network... :-( Uncompressed 16-bit 16K for mastering high-quality 4K content? It is thought 8K will be the final TV resolution - for that you'd need 32K for a good quality output - I guess even current DDR3 would be too slow, not mentioning SSDs. I am searching for a business partner for eCommerce that would do the whole business part while I will be plugging in and extending automated sales technology I created and use in my other companies, with 50/50 equity split and the initial operating capital provided by me if necessary. However, almost nobody wants to start from scratch, growing the company as their baby (despite having the benefit of immediate use of my mature technology, spending at most 1 hour a day running the business anywhere in the US and non-interfering from my side on their business style except for advices on proven business model I operate and avoiding legal problems); they expect earning $100k within the first 3 months or so with no work at all. Sometimes I feel like there is an insurmountable obstacle between their dreams and effort they put into the work to get where they want to be... ...aaand the obfuscation of Java begins! He could accelerate his progress if he just did 50 cold calls to random strangers selling diapers a day - he would be super hardened after a week ;-) Does this apply in continental Europe as well? I doubt so. You can't give away your rights via any form of contract. Unfortunately, the only way to get fairly nice looking fonts on Linux is to use a 4k display :-( Even with font hinting, the quality you are used to from OS X or even Windows isn't there, and most people that develop Linux don't seem to have developed sensitivity for font quality, so you should not expect any improvements. Any time I look at my Debian server, I have that strange unpleasant feeling of fonts being somehow off. Ubuntu/Mint are better, yet still nowhere near the clarity of OS X. I am running multiple eCommerce businesses as a tech guy where I provide a platform that can be plugged straight to another business area with minimal costs - to take care of those areas I usually find a business person and offer a generous 50/50 split in equity and rights as I want everyone to feel useful and in control. What I noticed from some bad examples of business guys I tried something with is that some of them 1) don't have a clue nor willingness to improve 2) are very frustrated they don't own the additional 1% to be completely in charge 3) try to restrict the flow of business information towards me 4) treat tech as an easy thing that must work 100% on autopilot while they don't do much at all. Whenever this happens I give those persons an out; we can shut the business down immediately (for me it's just another business test that didn't go well and it needs to be resolved ASAP as I don't like to waste time) or those things must change. It's difficult to find a business person that doesn't want to become super rich in like one year and that really wants to treat the business as an equal partnership and have fun growing it. If you find one, stick with them, it's pure gold. I am probably in the minority, but even AbiWord looks way better than this new design - let's have simplistic monochrome icons on our 4k 10-bit displays everywhere! Also, the font on toolbars is sci-fi and not serious-work-like. Huge white spaces everywhere with gradients out of place. I like the new fonts (seems inspired by Yosemite) and the bottom shape panel is nice as well. Evolution of a photography gearhead: 1) Buy the best possible camera - no good pictures ever 2) Buy the best possible lenses - barely any good pictures 3) Buy the best possible lights - now we are getting somewhere 4) Learn how to compose and capture the moment - Bingo! Most people assume 1) and 2) are the most important, barely anyone does 3) and some do 4). Any digital camera since 2010 or so can produce breathtaking pictures with 4) and cheap zoom kit lenses, for studio work it's all about 3). Then to get to the ultimate pro level it's about Photoshop skills to finalize the look as desired. Placing stuff on your lens usually affects bokeh - try f1.4 in the night with distant lights in the background with something stuck on your lens - you'd see the effect everywhere ;-) I am getting similar specks from the dust on the sensor, not so much on the lens on a D7000. What I understood after studying CS for over 10 years at a few universities regularly ranked highly at ACM ICPC is that math is unnecessarily obfuscated to most people. There is even an excellent book "Concrete Mathematics" from Stanford that tries to bring fun back to math instead of drying people with some formal stuff without explaining how people over the centuries got to that structure. I honestly believe math language is seriously outdated. It's like using COBOL to express everything. Yes, you can do that, but would you really want to given a choice? The most trivial things are so insanely complicated in math it's unbelievable (try to describe geometrical objects with the current math formal language if you do computer vision), yet there is very little work on developing better formal language of math. It's like with Turing machines and the complexity theory - who is going to move around a tape in the real world besides some specialized biological systems, not mentioning magical 'oracles'? Those abstractions were useful in their day, brought their fruits, but why do we still stick to them and just increase the gulf between more and more closed-unto-itself-theory and reality? Yes, it's great some theory is super cool but what do we do when we find in 20-30 years that the set of objects satisfying this omnipotent theory is empty? And when somebody like Mochizuki invents their own formal language to solve some cool problem like ABC conjecture, we all hate him, refusing to read the proof because it doesn't follow our outdated formal ways... ...and polynomial hierarchy Yes, I am familiar with problem reduction. There are far simpler models for formal verification than Turing machines, e.g. Smullyan's top-down tableaux method - you make a simple functional snippet and immediately verify it using mostly general induction and easy-to-understand verification steps that can be almost automated. Going all the way to the Turing level would kill you time-wise to get to anything useful (even preparing description of your JavaScript machine in Turing terms) - Turing machine has infinite time available, you don't. Not to mention there are some issues with formal logic that might cause you problems (hint: why do medical doctors use counter-factuals and not mathematical logic?) "Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it" -- Donald E. Knuth Could it be that our understanding of DNA variations is incomplete? There was some article a few years back where a virus was observed mutating its RNA in what appeared to be some sort of algorithm, like running a virtual machine on proteins. What if DNA does the same, i.e. being not just data but also an interpreter with some changing memory? It's difficult to find anything relevant on Google nowadays :-( If I manage to find it, I will post a link As mobile CPU performance is getting into desktop territory, I see less and less reason to use some half-baked restricted OSes like iOS, Android or WP on a phone/tablet. What is however happening is that desktop OSes are being turned into mobile OSes, imposing ridiculous restrictions. It's all upside down now :-/ Basically, buy a NUC or 4K Android XBMC/Plex box, and use Smart TVs as dumb TVs with HDMI 2.0 input. BTW, I have just bought a Samsung UHD TV so it's completely necessary for me now... Try to kick out simple carbs (mainly sugar) from your diet, sleep well and start doing aerobic exercises like running, cycling, swimming. A lot of people reported improvement in their state - seems like exercise and better diet help balancing some neurotransmitter-related problems. Maybe you will be amongst the lucky ones that can fix it that way. Unfortunately, it seems there are no 4K dumb TVs :-( This site just reinforces my view that people are getting more insane and lazy, and to stick with releasing my own software under GPL... It won't prevent anyone from "stealing" my code (e.g. incorporating it into their own code without giving any credits nor releasing their modifications to the public), but at least their conscience will make them feel a bit worse, which I believe OccupyGPL is a sign of. I had my own share of rip offs when I generously released my SQL database server code under a more permissive license and as a consequence for multiple years students ripped it off for their own projects at one university I attended, and pretended they wrote it themselves... I am almost sure this is a machine learning fail on Google's side. Your site probably matches some spammy profile and they just treat their algorithms as objective truth beyond certain threshold. I think we should all get used to this broken AI everywhere for the next 20 years... So a seriously limiting concept from mobile/web world is making it into Linux as well? Soon we won't be able to do anything with our computers, but we will be "perfectly safe". Everything I dislike about iOS is now becoming mainstream. Disclaimer - I wrote a book about cryptology including TPM, secure boot loaders, PKI, etc. another one about 3D graphics and am very aware of the issues and trade offs. But sandboxing is a charming but ultimately silly solution that ultimately removes any capability from the hands of users and slows everything down - it already negatively affects graphics performance of browsers (tainted canvas anyone? how long would WebGL shader hack to bypass this work until we are forced to accept 100 pixels/second performance with sandboxing?). There are even rumors that Skylake is going to be slower and more power hungry than Broadwell due to SGX (we will see soon I guess). Is it really worth it? That reminds me when I took one business class during university studies and during the final exam I wrote a formula like: A * B D=------- C Well, this was rejected by the teacher stating that C should be under B and not A. Oh... I don't know how is it for you folks, but for me software is an enabler for a gazillion of things - whether it is art, science, education or practical tool for life. Many processes in software development resemble those used in arts (building cathedrals as an often mentioned example comes to mind), so in the end software can end up being art by itself. However it can be much more, it can be all of inspiring art, pragmatic tool, scientific instrument, fun making gadget, transcending and grouping all of this, and it can devalue everything as well, depending on what mental imprint it obtained from its creators. Ernest Hemingway to Irving Penn: "Your photos are really good. What camera do you use?" Irving Penn to Ernest Hemingway: "Your novels are excellent. What typewriter do you use?" How fast is this comparing to nested sets? Some time ago I did my own nested sets implementation in Oracle and for 100k+ records the path from a leaf to root as well as all sub-tree nodes retrieval took seconds with WITH and milliseconds with nested sets (2-3 orders of magnitude faster). You'd be surprised how many standards are made like this. Companies adding useless stuff due to political reasons, appending obfuscating things so that somebody can claim credit for that part of the standard, hiding the real agenda they want to pass, proposing exact opposites to what they want so that others stop their (ridiculous) idea in order not to give them any advantage that sometimes backfires and ends up in the standard anyway (but they would do it even for reasonable idea as they don't want to make life easy for a competitor), other companies blocking anything they consider a strategic threat to the way they do their business, and you'll end up with a horrible standard full of ducks and hairy hands... Add to it occasional groupthink and dyslexia and then wonder why most software standards are so horrible... I had the same on 15" rMBP, basically touchpad's edges "printed" on the screen with some more "stains" in other parts of the screen. It began with a barely noticeable horizontal line after around 8 months and got progressively worse and worse up to the point it was taking around 1/16th of the screen. I always used water to clean the screen. Ended up paying ~300 EUR for a replacement screen, no issues since. Apple didn't offer replacement for free. DST's obvious problem is precise computation with imprecise numbers - I saw some cases where people threw belief/plausibility numbers out of thin air to get whichever outcome they favored (all you need to do is to find a (preferably single) value where solution flips to the one you selected). A perfect rational framework for politics... 8k is considered to be the final resolution for digital displays as it should be sufficient for people with the best vision. Basically that's the mood in the industry for the past 5 years or so. I am using a 31" Cine 4k 10-bit monitor and barring the very latest M.2 PCIe SSDs, I can't even get realtime playback of uncompressed 14-bit RAW 4k@24fps footage on a top-end system (60fps is a sci-fi). Not to mention a top-end NVidia GPU won't allow me to smoothly run any recent game in best settings in 4k or UHD, experiencing occasional signal drop-outs while driving 4k x 2k @ 60Hz via DP or miniDP with expensive cables, slow progress of CPU performance improvements since 2004, and indeed it looks like it might be the case 8k will be the final digital TV resolution unless some dramatic technological change occurs. Cinemas with their large screens seem to be doing just fine with 4k. My 55" UHD TV shows noticeable improvements only when I stand closer than 1.5m, subconsciously I have a feeling of a better picture quality under 3m distance while driving 4:4:4 UHD@60Hz from a computer via HDMI 2.0 (YMMV) How far do you hold your phone from the eyes? Now compare it to your regular TV - how far do you watch it from? With 55" 4k UHD you'd get retina-style appearance from 1.5m upwards.