It's basically been done (ish). Freenet's one, there are probably more, but you give up a lot in exchange. Freenet can be pretty slow and you need to find trusted people to bootstrap yourself into the network. You can't host dynamic content, either. Yeah, it works on my terrible featurephone, and delivers a really extraordinarily good web experience all things considered. It's like a keyhole to the internet, except it renders everything more or less perfectly, unlike every other featurephone browser ever. The standard intuitive explanation seems pretty easy and worthwhile: Two sets are the same size if and only if you can pair members up. {1, 2, 3} and {4, 5, 6}, obviously. {1, 3, 5...} and {2, 4, 6...} are too, you can pair them up (1, 2) (3, 4) (5,6) ... But some sets aren't the same size; you can't pair them up. It's easy if they're both finite, or one is infinite. If both are infinite, well, if they're not the same size, one has to be larger: there are elements in one that are "left over" after trying to pair them up. That's the bigger one. Cantor proved that this does, in fact, happen. The reals can't be paired up with integers. Yeah, but you can describe many incomputable numbers. Indescribable numbers are not the incomputable numbers- Chaitin's constant's a nice one, it's the proportion of Turing machines that halt. Described. Now, compute it... Neat, but SuperGenPass does this better- has a bookmarklet with configurable salt, and it's based off the domain name, not the service, so you can't get into ambiguities (Gmail, GMail, gmail?) http://supergenpass.com/ That said, the options for disallowed characters is nice. Yeaaaah, you could probably fall afoul of the CFAA with this one... See: weev. Edit: Ahh, I see you're based outside the US, carry on. Personally I had the idea a while back for a sort of time-release dead drop. Stuff a Raspberry Pi into a fake power strip, put your seekrit information onto the SD card, and go plug it in somewhere in a city you 'happen' to be passing through, near to a public wifi spot. Then a year later it wakes up and uploads the data publicly via Tor and self-wipes. Even if it's traced back to the Pi, they'll have to trace the Pi back to you (you bought it untraceably, right?). Your employer could MITM all your SSL connections just by installing their own cert installed on the machine, so yeah. I'm not exactly an expert, but this reads like creepypasta. This looks fantastic. I make gifs out of pictures I take on burst mode and these would be beyond perfect for presenting them. (try it at a party, it's much more fun than static pictures, also for posed group shots) I'm waiting for flexible color solar-powered wireless e-ink displays to give the full "Harry Potter" moving-picture effect, but they're a few years out! Wikipedia is not infallible but it says Sanskrit sources had one or two digits of pi: "In India around 600 BC, the Shulba Sutras (Sanskrit texts that are rich in mathematical contents) treat π as (9785/5568)2 ≈ 3.088. In 150 BC, or perhaps earlier, Indian sources treat π as sqrt(10) ≈ 3.1622." Anyway, the source the linked article cites is http://www.vedicsciences.net/articles/vedic-mathematics.html which notes It must be pointed out that these sutras given by Tirtha Maharaja are created by the author himself, as stated in the introduction to his book, "Vedic Mathematics" (published posthumously) and are therefore not actually Vedic. These mathematical sutras are Vedic only in the sense that they are inspired by the Vedas in the mind of one dedicated to the Vedas. Thus the title "Vedic Mathematics" is not correct. Yeh but how long does it last? This ball was designed specifically because normal soccer balls fall apart: http://www.oneworldfutbol.com/ I kind of think a hand-crank is going to break down less often and be much easier to repair by hand. "Whelp, the bear ate our nightlight" is not going to go over well. Arguably, such a methodology would be unusable anyway: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonini's_paradox My first instinct is that you're right- at least, I don't think it can be any more powerful than an LBA: if there's a finite number of state transitions it can make, then it can only actually "get to" a certain distance along the tape, and you can just chop the tape at that point. If there is a simple condition I prefer "while condition" because it makes the code easier to read: I can tell (roughly) when the loop is supposed to exit without reading the contents of the loop and scanning for a break. This line in MUMPS is not only valid, it also actually does something potentially useful: s:foo'="" foo(foo)=foo It's actually a bit tricky to explain what it does. Everything in MUMPS is effectively a tree. Each tree has a value in the "root node" and you can set it like this: set foo="hello" You can also put data deeper into the tree: set foo("fizz")="buzz" So if something is passed to you and you want to know if you can treat it as a string, you test to see if it's a null string: if foo'="" do [something] ('= means !=) Two more features: 1) Almost every directive can be reduced to one letter. 2) If I want to quit based on a condition, I can do either if condition quit or quit:condition So the line above is more legibly written as if foo'="" set foo(foo)=foo So if foo="bar", it's equivalent to: set foo("bar")="bar" No mention of lambda calculus? Lisp is to Lambda Calculus as Pascal is to Turing Machines. More or less. Oh, beaten to the punch in the article's comments. Carry on. The NSA can just crack into your servers abroad, if they want to; no warrants required. Admittedly they'd have to work a bit harder if it's not in a jurisdiction friendly to them, but breaking into foreign servers is basically their job. If people running the company in question still hold US citizenship or keep money in the US, the US legal system can still reach them unless they never want to go home. You might like Thue; it operates solely on replacement rules and is trivially an unrestricted grammar: http://esolangs.org/wiki/Thue Whee, looks like fun! Adanaxis[1] is a 4 dimensional space shooter- only sort of playable but still fun. http://www.mushware.com/ If they used a cryptographic signature, they could detect ticket tampering without networking the barcode readers. I'd be somewhat surprised if they actually did that, but it would make it much harder to forge them. You can't feel, smell, or touch anything, for one. The dynamic range of the display won't match what you would see outside, either. That was fun. If you like this sort of thing, "Heavy Planet"[1] is a good hard scifi book set on Mesklin, a fictional super-Earth which spins fast enough to make gravity significantly less at the equator. It's also a good adventure story, if you like 1950s scifi. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mesklin In some cases it makes sense. Date, number and measurements vary a lot between English speaking countries. Now, you'd probably just geolocate but still- locale is more than language. An American Flag can give you an en-US locale, a UK flag, en-GB, etc since English is a pretty good guess for the language they want. You can't compare 2^-160 with a number with a unit attached- it's meaningless. 2^-160 meters is smaller than the planck length, but 2^-160 isn't. If your unit is "the volume of the observable universe" you get a pretty large volume (on a human scale, anyway): https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%282^-160%29+*+%28the+... edit: oh, the units came from the grand-parent post to yours, but wouldn't the correct conversion be "2^-160 earth's surface-areas"? That's actually bigger than the planck area- but still stupid small. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%28The+surface+area+of... Language is completely different for kids. They don't so much learn language as acquire* it- it's not, generally, effortful. They just do it. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_acquisition Also, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Critical_period_hypothesis Lambda calculus is a rigorous mathematical way to define what "computation" even means. You need something -like- Lambda calculus to even begin reasoning about computation mathematically. First thing that comes to mind- not a lawyer but: It's probably going to be harder to force you to divulge a password in a court case than to just subpoena the piece of paper with your password on it and the computer with the 1PW database. LastPass doesn't require copy-paste on many websites- it can fill on click, or automatically. It's slick and very fast. I leave it logged in so I don't need to type my master password more than once every few days on my home machine. The newest LastPass version on Android can auto-fill in apps, too. On websites that I've enabled 2FA on, I let LastPass autofill (no clicks) and pulling up Google Authenticator on my phone is what takes time. The problem with using SMS as your only authentication is, what do you use for your second factor? I suppose a PIN would work. SMSes are also trivial to intercept: imagine the national telco silently routes some login SMSes that were going to a number on a list to the local internal security agency. The user just gets no SMS (or a code that doesn't work), assumes something went wrong on the network, and asks for another one. Meanwhile the "baddies" have logged in already and snaffled up the information they want. What I want is to be able to use Google Authenticator as my only authentication, plus a PIN for slightly sensitive sites and a long password for very sensitive sites (and to disable my phone from a distance). MetaFilter is a web forum that charges $5 to create an account. Between that and aggressive but professional moderation, spam basically doesn't happen since a couple of obvious spam comments and you're permabanned. However, it limits the user population to people with a debit card and $5 to spend. A bitcoin-based solution right now would be even more restrictive, since apart from buying bitcoin in person, you pretty much need a bank account to acquire them. It's fairly close to the maximum theoretical rise, if all the ice melted (~80m, apparently)[0]. Also, here are some interesting maps, including Earth with 66m rise, Mars with oceans, and more[1]. [0] http://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/fs2-00/ [1] http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/spaceart/cylmaps.html Unless you know magic exists and works, postulating "magic" fails Occam's Razor, since you're needlessly postulating that magic exists as part of your explanation. The hypothesis that an iPhone works by elecricity and clever engineering- since we have similar objects like TVs that work that way- is favored by Occam's razor. You're right that it doesn't seem like you can apply Occam's razor to the falling rock. Really it seems like an example of Bayesian reasoning: we know the prior probability of someone coming anywhere near a falling space rock is very, very small. We know the probability of a piece of grit falling out of a chute is orders of magnitude larger. Shakey video evidence by itself barely shifts our confidence that it actually was a meteor. Honestly I'd love to know what tech they used to print the images out back in 1967. With a long history of having 30+ speakers at our events, the idea was proposed that we enforce a 1:1 ratio of men and women for our speakers. Yes, finding 15 qualified women is basically impossible, so why even try? /s password1234 50%: Sufficient a12345678910 92%: Exceptional So, they try to give you negative points for "sequential numbers" but you get more points for having numbers than you lose, so it's useless. As long as you have a 12-character string with at least one number and one letter, your password will probably pass. "he carried into adulthood the concomitant problems in relating to others—and very pertinently to women—ensuring the prerequisite internal pool of frustrations essential for lateral thinking" I don't think this follows at all, honestly. Frustration begets more frustration, not lateral thinking. I've seen things you people wouldn't believe... Marquee tags on fire off the shoulder of Geocities. I watched blink tags glitter in the dark near Tannhäuser.com. All those websites will be lost in time, like tears in rain... There's biannual/biennial: think quick, which means twice a year and which means every two years? http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biannual / http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/biennial The trailer never characterizes the Bombe as a computer, CumberTuring calls it a machine for decryption. It could be worse: the last time Hollywood took a crack at this story ("Enigma"), they invented a mathematician, gave him Turing's accomplishments, but made him not gay, and the only Pole on screen was a baddie. I don't have particularly high hopes for this one, though. I don't find CumberTuring's performance in the trailer engaging- he's playing Generic Cumberbatch Character #9. Keira Knightley just looks like Keira Knightley, not a woman in 1943. Read it again. That's not the argument. The argument is roughly: Either the observer's choice of measurements of the particle is completely determined by prior events, and the observer has no free will, or the observer can at his or her whim pick a way to measure the particle. If the latter, then the particle must be able to, also at whim, pick which spin to be measured at. He never assumes that the observer is made of particles. > “It’s our job to make sure people feel safe and in control,” he says. So people just have to feel 'safe and in control,' rather than making sure they are actually safe and/or in control? It sounds like an admission that the whole anonymity thing is just a marketing gimmick: as long as you have a name like "Secret" and make people feel like they're safe, they'll share whether or not they have strong security at all. Particulate pollution kills people and causes suffering, mostly to women and children. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs292/en/ Over 4 million people die prematurely from illness attributable to the household air pollution from cooking with solid fuels. More than 50% of premature deaths among children under 5 are due to pneumonia caused by particulate matter (soot) inhaled from household air pollution. This is exactly right: when rotating in 4D, you can rotate "around" a plane, leaving it in place. You can also rotate around a line (permuting the other three axes). So, in the video. The Z axis doesn't change (up and down) so that's one axis. The other one that doesn't change is at a 45 degree angle from lower left to upper right. Watch the tree: it is just as wide along this axis as it was before. Everything else sort of smoooshes around but that plane stays the same. I suggest interested people check out adanaxis, a 4D space shooter. It's not particularly playable, but it is true four-dimensional space with four-dimensional spaceships zipping around. MRI imaging is effectively harmless (unlike, say, CT scans, which might cause harm). The alternative is a about a 40% chance of survival without the drug. With the drug, maybe it will be higher, but maybe it will be lower. We don't actually know (though this new trial is very encouraging). A bad drug could also cause suffering beyond what Ebola causes: even if the patient was going to die anyway, it could make their death even more painful. There are worse monopolies, I guess. The 83+/84+ has good software and is neigh indestructible. The physical interface is very good and beats a touch screen. A TI calculator fast enough to run NumPy to build simulations and interactive gizmos would be super cool though. Allowing students to build colorful mathematical animations and physics simulations using simple building blocks would be awesome. Of course that can all be done with laptops but having things in the palm of your hand shouldn't be underestimated. Surprisingly (to me), most citizens of Britain are not technically "British subjects." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_subject > "they will still be EU members after all" Last I heard, they'll have to apply to get in, which could take five years. http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/09/08/uk-scotland-indepen... I think it changed when Google started enforcing that sites can't present different content to Googlebot (to show up in results) then live users (to try and make them register once they click through). Quantum systems can be simulated by classical computers, but the growth of the problem is exponential. If you can leverage actual quantum systems to do the work, then you can take a shortcut, for certain classes of problems. > In a way, it is like answering questions about airplane design by studying a model airplane in a wind tunnel – solving problems with a physical simulation rather than a digital computer. By and large, "organic" in the US is regulated and has a specific meaning. It's probably the only term that actually is, though. How heavily enforced this is, I don't know. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organic_certification#United_St... Indeed. I skimmed and thought "Wait, we're using imaginary numbers now? What?" and then realized it just meant "this is an integer." I'm not a philosopher, but this sounds awfully like embodied mathematics: Mathematical ideas grow from embodied experience plus metaphor. Lakoff and Nuñez's "Where Mathematics Comes From" is an extended effort at demonstrating that this can be done in a convincing way. This[0] twitter account GigaNews links to makes mention of "FBI agent Scott Kibbey" and has been tweeting stuff like this for months: Angel Vehuel counters the demon appearing as an angel that teaches geometry, speaks of hidden things,& causes anger. Eg:@Windows &@BillGates See our tweets to know why the counterfeit food, the so-called #MightyWings from @McDonalds are dedicated to a winged bull demon of Hell. https://twitter.com/AngelicPsalms/status/438490809164263425 [0] https://twitter.com/AngelicPsalms/status/509857806057762816 Which seems pretty off the rails. Poe's Law and all that, but still... This is basically the "just world" fallacy writ large, right? Does anyone else remember when Flash could execute arbitrary Javascript in the containing page? That was super fun. Attempting to sandbox user-supplied Javascript just seems like an exercise in futility. I guess Go is doing well enough sharing a name with an ancient board game, and the two languages are occasionally compared, so it's a bit fitting that way. There was an article on this a while back that Egyptologists had interpreted it as depicting something ceremonial- something like breaking champagne bottles across ships' bows. Having scientific evidence that wetting the sand ahead of the sledges -could- have eased transport is pretty nice evidence that that's what the picture depicts, but without something corroborating its efficacy, it was just a plausible interpretation. He was kind of a big deal in the Old Testament as a Baddie and Wikipedia says his story was well-known, especially in Islam and Judaism. > The story of Abraham's confrontation with Nimrod did not remain within the confines of learned writings and religious treatises, but also conspicuously influenced popular culture. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nimrod#The_evil_Nimrod_vs._the_... Flask. Flask Flask Flask. It's well-documented, in Python, and you can push it to Heroku easy as pie. You can add things like templates (they're built in, and can be really simple) or just concatenate HTML the old-fashioned way. You can program very imperatively and work up to abstractions. It's very friendly. I haven't seen it used as an introductory "language" but I feel like it would work well. eval() calls the interpreter that's running the current code with some arbitrary string. The code that's interpreting it is not Javascript; you can't poke around and change it without recompiling whatever binary it is. Implementing Javascript in Javascript lets you quickly play with new features: you can add features to the toy interpreter more easily than nodejs. There's a long tradition of self-hosting compilers: C is compiled with programs that were written in C. PyPy is a Python interpreter written in Python (actually RPython but it's a subset of Python). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_compiler_constructio... >These figures take into account the fact that many cases go undetected, and estimate that there are actually 2.5 times as many as reported. Containment IS about hearts and minds. If you have the trust of the people- if they trust that Ebola is real, that healthcare workers are not out to get them, that they can go to a hospital and receive care- then this outbreak might be containable. When you don't have trust, you get dead healthcare workers: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-29256443 Fighting ebola has been compared to fighting an insurgency, and I think the comparison is quite apt. You can't win with force alone. I was working on the assumption that environment would be already set up for them. Setting up Apache to test stuff locally, getting FTP set up to get into your remote server, etc is all a pain with PHP too. Once everything is set up, it's two-ish commands to commit and push to somewhere like Heroku. And no, I haven't taught beginners at all, I'll fess up to that. I've learned alongside them, though. PHP is a perfectly cromulent language/framework for this sort of thing, but something like Flask could be just as accessible. To me? Yes and no. Yes I've taught precisely 0 students. No, I'm not at all upset with teaching PHP, I coded up my fair share of awful PHP web apps. My first favorite language was ActionScript which everyone loves to hate! But at the time, nothing beat PHP and ActionScript/Flash for simple, fun web development for beginners. I think something like Flask might be a worthy successor. Heck it even includes a webserver, no need to fiddle with installing Apache to test stuff locally. And with services like Heroku the barrier to getting it online is almost as low as PHP. A lot of the modern changes are a difference in size or extent, but not in kind. I mean to say: A small hard drive replacing a massive hard drive is very, very useful. But it's not, by itself, any smarter than the magnetic core storage that filled a room. You could ask your Nokia dumbphone for the weather using a text message 15 years ago. People were wiring their home lighting systems into the internet by the early 2000s. Of course, it was more ad-hoc and expensive then. Now you can go down to Best Buy and buy a home automation kit for a few hundred dollars. The miniaturization and extension of digital technology into every part of our lives and waking moments is extraordinary. But it's not, by itself, much of a guarantee that we'll see strong AI. It's probably necessary but not sufficient. This is massively inspiring. Huge PR boon for India, and they obviously deserve it. Super happy about this. Welcome to the interplanetary club! Some fancier canned food now has "BPA free!" labels if you're worried about it. http://bpafreecannedfood.wordpress.com/bpa-free-canned-food-... If you could provide reliable electricity and water for 300 million people for $74m ($0.25 per head) then you might have a point, but it's not really a lot of money for a country as large as India. Outdoor defecation is a huge problem in India. It's very much a cultural thing, though obviously access to attractive facilities is a huge problem too. http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21607837-fixing-dreadful-... > Evidence is growing that India must urgently correct its cultural practices, though it is sensitive to say so. Studies of India’s population show how since at least the 1960s child mortality rates have consistently been higher in Hindu families than Muslim ones—though Muslims typically are poorer, less educated and have less access to clean water Bitcoin is perfect for this. Each relay can publish a Bitcoin address, and the subsequent distribution by OnionTip can be confirmed by looking at the blockchain to see who they split the donations between. TOR enthusiasts and Bitcoin holders probably overlap an awful lot. You could do this without a middleman, though. Can't you set up bitcoin transactions with multiple outputs? A-bikes are cheaper and already exist, fold up smaller and let you sit down. I've never actually ridden one, but they seem to fill a similar space. http://www.a-bike.net/ Mind you, if you're not in the UK you'll have to pay for shipping. This isn't even news, it's a press release. Some people have more than one real name. Heck, I know people with three or four plausible "real names." You don't even need to do that. The USB key can just announce to the computer "Hi I'm a USB hub. I have a keyboard and a USB flash drive plugged into me." This article is another that calls it a "GPS." Which it very specifically isn't: it's a local positioning system. It doesn't do what GPS does (give you an absolute location) and it does a lot more than GPS (tells you what the place means to you). It's just a terrible metaphor, alongside "eyes are like cameras," "the brain is like a computer," etc. If you do like jinja, it's Flask's 'native' template engine. > You do not have to be an expert in healthcare or infectious disease to contribute ideas for life-saving solutions. While that might be true, I really doubt this is the sort of situation where smart amateurs are likely to do much good. Remember all the crazy ideas for halting the Deepwater Horizon spill? None of them went anywhere. It was smart engineers who devised the eventual procedure to cap the well. > Together we share stories and inspiration from around the world. I mean, sure that might make people feel better, but I'm struggling to see how it helps. Nobody has ever faced an Ebola outbreak remotely like this before. The small group of people who have ever dealt with Ebola are experts already, and presumably don't need a bespoke Grand Challenge to give their input. > highlight the micro-challenges embedded in the larger Ebola epidemic They are "micro" insofar as they are "marginally smaller than the whole problem" but "Strengthen Health Care Capacity" is such an enormous problem by itself it's sort of laughable to call it a "micro-challenge"! Most of the ideas currently are "make PPEs less terrifying" and, while I agree that that's a great idea, right now they just need craptons more of them distributed to the healthcare workers who need them. Other brilliant ideas include "what if fasting makes Ebola go away," "Can we just use 3D printers to print hospitals?" "What about an Ebola symptom-tracking app?" That's a bit freaky. I more-or-less expect my ISP to see all my DNS queries, but not my router manufacturer. Isn't there a 'Secure Golden Key' at the base of DNSSEC? I guess the damage would be somewhat less if that key was exposed, but still. I assume the idea is to replicate the experience of projecting your vacation slides onto the wall and forcing your loved ones to watch? Optogenetics only works if you can genetically engineer the nerve cells to respond to light. Gene therapy is still... iffy, at this point. I mean really all you need to show is the picture: http://www.fiftythree.org/etherkiller/img/etherkiller.jpg My favorite though is the etherkiller hub, which is just diabolical. Attempting to copy photos out of Facebook albums into GDrive gives me "Exception: SecurityError: The operation is insecure." I'm not running psty locally. This is super cool, though. There's an undocumented template engine built in it seems? (see /bin/mostliked) which is neat. Are we talking VB6 or VB.NET? VB6 is... old, and feels old. It barely allows object oriented programming and doesn't have first-class functions, so you're pretty limited to a procedural sort of paradigm. The IDE is clunky. For example: error handling is done with explicit GOTOs (ugh) and "On Error Resume Next" lets you simply skip past errors(!!!). VB.NET is basically a friendlier-looking version of C# and is therefore not nearly as bad as VB6, has a real modern IDE, etc. Python feels like a playground where you can explore; VB6 feels more like you're on a rail and the moment you fall off everything will break. On Error Resume Next is actually weirder than an empty error handler. If Python errors halfway through a try/except block, it will skip the rest of the block. If you On Error Resume Next, VB will literally just proceed to the next line and keep executing. And since you don't need to indent the block that comes after On Error, it's easy to miss that line... I've been thinking about this a lot recently, and I actually miss it. Yes, it was ugly, but it gave people agency. Facebook forces every single person to "look" more or less the same. I imagine there has to be at least one kid who got into CSS styling by trying to make their MySpace profile look cool, introducing them to web design... Facebook's enforced "look" is sort of the equivalent of a school uniform, except for everyone, and it's stifling. If you hide a per-device API key inside the real Snapchat app, you might at least require that the user root the device before being able to grant an Evil App access to their photos. I was thinking about Bad Apps that users voluntarily hand their login details to (so they can download snapchats they get sent). Those don't need root, since they're just mimicking the Snapchat app and receiving the photos directly. But it doesn't work, since you need some way to generate new API keys for your second device... which could be a Bad App. If you 1) enforce one key at at time (so one "device" at a time), 2) rate-limit key changes (if you switch to a new device, or Bad App, you can't switch back within a day or two) and 3) eliminate Bad Apps in the app stores- you effectively limit Bad Apps to being entirely web-based, and hopefully the restrictions on webapps will make the Bad App sufficiently a pain in the ass to use that people won't want to switch to it, even though it lets them save photos, since it locks them out of the real app. > Should the government mandate daily folic acid intake? Areas with fluoridated water do this sort of thing already, more or less. Might cost you more money to get the salt out than you can sell the salt for, though. If someone has to drive across an international border and take a day off work to donate their (very rare) blood, it makes sense to compensate them for their travel costs. The donor wouldn't have to also be "donating" gas money, just blood and time. Biblical literalism is largely an American Protestant thing. It's very recent (on the time-scale of Christianity). The Catholic church doesn't subscribe to that view- they've endorsed evolution for decades, for one thing. There's generally a reason why ethnic cleansing is considered an evil thing to do. Forcibly removing people from their land deprives them of the systems that sustain them: political, economic, cultural. It's a kidnapping and theft rolled into one. "As you will no doubt be aware, the plans for development of the outlying regions of the Galaxy require the building of a hyperspatial express route through your star system. And regrettably, your planet is one of those scheduled for demolition. The process will take slightly less than two of your Earth minutes. Thank you." Older(?) Canon(?) DSLRs also used a 2.5mm jack to control the shutter release, so some people realized if you just spammed data into it from the TI-83 you could trigger it. Add a crude BASIC script and you have an extremely basic timelapse setup. I never minded OkCupid because it's sort of a game anyway. It's all online, and whether you meet someone there or not is up to you to tell OkCupid. Uber is mining information about people's movements in the real world, which feels ickier. I think people here aren't getting what this is. It looks like it transfers the image from the phone to a polaroid film cartridge optically. It's basically a smartphone version of a Daylab enlarger. Which is super-bleeding-cool, because there aren't many important moving parts not provided by the smartphone or the film cartridge. It's not a scanner and a printer. The only way to beam an image to it over bluetooth would be to embed a smartphone screen and backlight into it, which I gather it is not doing. It's taking an analog "contact print." > Particularly, innocence until proven guilty. This is how courts work. This is not how humans work. Are you suggesting that no action can be taken against anyone by anyone for any reason until a court proves the charge? That's nuts. I am allowed to conclude that someone is guilty or not in my own estimation. Unless I'm a juror it has no force of law, but I can assume someone's guilty without trial NO PROBLEM. Obama's guilty of suppressing evidence of torture. Bush's cronies are guilty of torture. Neither will be tried for any crime. How exactly is my opinion a problem? Should I wait for a court to validate it, or what? Courts can be completely, hilariously, 100% in the wrong. Plessy v Ferguson. Citizens United (arguably, anyway). As a person, I have freedom of association. If I think someone's a rapey asshole because someone came to me with an accusation, it is -well- within my rights to sever ties. Likewise, OpenCourseWare has no particular obligation to host this guy's stuff. Nobody is stopping him hosting it himself if it's so useful, or CC licensing it, or handing it to Archive.org. MIT isn't stifling anyone. There is no persecution here. I say this as someone who 1) probably wouldn't want to watch his lectures due to this but 2) think they should still be available for people who would find them useful. It's too bad MIT decided to take it down. But they're big boys and can make the decision on their own. My favorite is Project Pluto: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Pluto Which is nuclear ramjet, which has the small side-effect of spewing large amounts of radiation as it flies. An option to increase text size in the interface is probably going to be even better than allowing zoom, since it will reflow the text and not require the user to scan left and right around the zoomed-in text. > a team that cares about it's customers *its http://grammarist.com/spelling/its-its/ Three of your possibilities are "locations" for the Great Filter, as I read them: > Intelligent life is far more of an aberration than we realise. The filter is between "smart mammal" -> "human-level smarts." So there's lots of planets with lions, tigers and bears, but not talking dinos (or whatever). > Intelligent life is actually very dumb on a macro scale, and falls prey to Malthusian collapse, either by falling into a significant energy gap or by destroying their biosphere. The filter is between "21st century humanity" and "interplanetary/interstellar civilization." The universe is full of ruined planets, noticable because they've got transuranic elements floating around they shouldn't have. > Intelligent life tends to succumb to dysgenic fertility, and ceases to be intelligent. The filter is somewhere between "human-level smarts" and "interplanetary civilization." The universe is full of Morlocks. We want the filter to be behind us. If it's actually "life is nearly impossible" then we're golden. Life on Mars 'pushes' the possible 'locations' of filter further forward (so life is probably common). If it's multicellular life, that pushes the filter further again, etc. Von Neumann probes could reach every star in the galaxy pretty quickly. A civilization with a few million years start on us should have their robotic friends here already, basking in our sun. And there only has to be one civilization that 1) can and 2) does create such probes. If spacefaring civilization is common, it seems awfully unlikely that none of them have done so yet. I don't blame you, but it's going to be a real bummer if you're not the 2nd person carrying, but the third. Three people with guns in a close, crowded, dark space seems intuitively worse than only one. For that matter, Death of a President had GWB actually being assassinated. I remember it causing a stir, but it did see release in the US. Reminds me of a "design concept" for a little Nest-shaped box to stick on your window and magically cancel out all street noise. I'm pretty sure this is actually impossible, and is the equivalent of drawing a pegasus and saying "I have this great concept for a novel form of transportation!" i.e. more or less not worth anyone's time, since it's fantasy. I wonder if the hackers will release whatever draft the movie they grabbed just to spite Sony now. The BBC is going to (or already did?) air the story on Radio 4's "Book at Bedtime" which is the furthest thing from being banned that I can think of. Mind you they've received a share of vitriol for doing so. http://www.theguardian.com/books/2014/dec/14/hilary-mantel-a... Here it is, for reference. I could imagine it possible in the lab, and I'm not an audio engineer but the whole thing is completely implausible. And sites like Gizmodo don't bring any critical thinking and just repeat the claims verbatim. http://gizmodo.com/a-stick-on-speaker-that-uses-your-windows... I believe the I-35 shutdown in Minneapolis a few weeks back was worked out with the police ahead of time. There were state patrol cars behind them as they marched, filling the lanes but basically just keeping them & traffic apart. All very organized. The NIST beacon means that two people can decide on a random value without trusting each other. The NIST beacon just requires you trust NIST, and since you're not making an agreement with NIST, even -if- NIST knows the random values ahead of time, it's no use to either party unless they've hacked NIST's secret precalculated list of random values. This is ameliorated by having more than one beacon that publish simultaneously, and xoring them all together, but a Bad beacon could just delay until it has seen all the Good results and then spin its RNG until the full XOR gives what it wants... If you have very precise synchronization you could conceivably use the lightspeed limit to guarantee any Bad Beacon(s) can't know the output of the Good beacons before it publishes its own value. Can't you just order the owner of the namecoin entry to transfer it? You can't seize it, but you can seize the -owner-, if you can find them. If I have control of "microsoft.bit" I assume Microsoft would be within their rights to sue me for trademark infringement. This is better than the FBI's (apparently legal?) ability to seize .com domains en masse, but still. Wait, I'm confused, are you calling Ted Chiang a singularity writer? I can't think of many of his stories that comfortably sit in that category. > All of a sudden I was frustrated that she was stuck wasting her time in high school taking yet another history class Isn't it at least a bit more important whether she was frustrated? Did she want to be "pulled out"? Or did she leave? I say this as someone who switched schools a few times, both of which was due to having a terrible time and my parents offering. But I had a normal highschool experience, learned a lot about civics and a bit about history and literature. I mucked about with computers in my spare time, did a math undergrad, work in software dev now. I had a lot of support from my family, but they never made my decisions for me. Ed: And I'm literally one of those devs who was given a book on programming at age 10 and never looked back. But at no point was highschool a waste of time. (Middle school, on the other hand...) I love this effect so much, it's just so fun. I assume they're this confident because the NSA is snaffling up every 1 and 0 that comes in and out of NK. It would explain both their confidence and reticence to explain why. If the NSA has taps sitting on all the routers that are a hop away from NK, they can probably nail it down just from timing, right? If the packets were being proxied through an NK IP, I would think it would be easy to tell the difference (if you're the NSA, anyway). I wrote a simple FORTH-like compiler/interpreter for a 0x10C CPU simulator. It was a really fun little project, and completely doable with my tiny amount of prior assembly experience. Very peaceful, like you say. I believe it was proved that a backdoor did exist- that there's a private key which can be used to backdoor it- but not that the NSA actually held that key. But, who else would? https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/11/the_strange_s... A leak confirmed that the NSA paid RSA to use that particular algorithm in BSAFE. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_BSAFE#Dual_EC_DRBG_backdoor T-Mobile opted me in to a content filter by default. To remove it, last I saw I needed to give them my SSN (!!!). So, I live with the idiot filter, which actually scans for keywords in websites and blocks them. SSL obviously makes this sort of filtering useless, which is very useful. For that matter, what sensor can produce terabytes of data per second? Yes, I know there have been projects that try to use this as a source of entropy: https://medium.com/the-physics-arxiv-blog/quantum-random-num... Oftentimes Congress lets this happen -on purpose- so they don't have to publicly take a stand on something. People buy expensive coffee, expensive protein drinks, and expensive smoothies- why not milk? Doesn't surprise me at all. Norwegian Air (budget airline) adds a fee for bookings made with a credit card. Technically this is true for Python as well though, right? You can't import a module without executing it. Anyone visiting Bletchley should try to come on a day that the National Museum of Computing is open. It is housed next door to the Turing museum, and is probably more fun to visit. It's full of ancient hardware, including a computer lab full of working BBC Micros and an original BBC Domesday Book machine, which is an unholy combination of LaserDisc and BBC Master to produce a sort of 80s StreetView. It has the oldest working computer (the Harwell WITCH), a rebuilt Colossus, and quite a lot more. They're working on a reconstruction of EDSAC. Extraordinary claims, extraordinary evidence, etc. The prior probability of ancient nuclear weapons is so small that there would need to be extremely good evidence to begin to shift my appraisal of how likely it is. (am I Bayesianing right?) We share a common ancestor with every single known living thing. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Last_universal_ancestor They're too busy trying to keep warm on Planet X, which has an extremely eccentric orbit that keeps them well out into the far reaches of the Solar System most of the time. They're kept warm by engineering a blanket of aeresolized gold particles in their atmosphere. They came to Earth the first time and enslaved us to mine for more gold. After the rebellion, they decided it was too hard to keep us under control and withdrew to their planet, which has since retreated into the cold depths. Soon, it will return and they will need more gold... [This is all based off the nonsense Planet X theories that were going around. There was a good serialized YA novel that mined the ideas for plot, along with other Ancient Aliens nonsense, to quite good effect) I assume: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mitochondrial_Eve As long as the bijection exists at all, the sets have the same cardinality. To prove two sets don't have the same cardinality, the most direct way is to prove that such a bijection is impossible. Anyway, the bijection from counting numbers to the set of all natural numbers is easy: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, ... 0, 1, -1, 2, -2, ... The set of pixels along the edge of your choice is countable. The reason is basically the same as was given, except it's simpler since you're only subdividing in one dimension. You'll never drop a pixel exactly at 1/3 or anywhere that isn't an integer multiple of a power of 2. You can identify each pixel by two other pixels along your chosen edges (axes). The set of pairs drawn from countable sets is always countable. I think your argument implies that the rationals are uncountable, but they aren't, so your argument must be wrong somewhere- I'm too rusty at this to form a nice argument quickly though. There's a general result that the set of "All pairs of elements from two countable sets" is, itself, countable. (the Cartesian product of two countable sets is countable). For example, the set of all pairs of natural numbers can be counted something like this: 1,1 2,1 2,2 1,2 3,1 3,2 3,3 1,3 2,3 ... Right, yes. I was taking the product of the process of subdividing to not actually include the limit points at all. You are only performing the operation a countable number of times, and at each point you only add a finite number of points, so having an uncountable set pop out at the end seems unlikely. A bonehead way to formalize this: The first step outputs {0}, the second, {0, 1/2}, the third {0, 1/4, 1/2, 3/4}, etc. We drop them all into one big set A. A has countably many elements and they all have a finite size: A = {{0}, {1/2}, ... } If B is the union of A, it has to have every point that could ever be output by the process. B is the result of "running the process to infinity." B is obviously countable since it's the union of countably many finite sets. If you can think of a way to define running the process to infinity and -including- the limit points, I'd be interested, but the most natural interpretation to me is that the process produces a set that doesn't include the limit points at all. The odds are heavily stacked in favor of a universal common ancestor. We share like 99% of our DNA with chimps; how do you suppose we got that, if we didn't share an ancestor? http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20463738 > Among a wide range of biological models involving the independent ancestry of major taxonomic groups, the model selection tests are found to overwhelmingly support UCA irrespective of the presence of horizontal gene transfer and symbiotic fusion events. These results provide powerful statistical evidence corroborating the monophyly of all known life. Paging Peter Watts to the red courtesy phone, Peter Watts to the red courtesy phone, please. http://my.lovely.horse/ Once you start formatting more than one variable, isn't your proposed syntax going to be horribly long? '{:center :minsize=8 varname} {:center :minsize=8 varname2} {:center :minsize=8 varname2}'.format(varname=123, varname2=123,varname3=123) instead of '{:^8} {:^8} {:^8}'.format(varname, varname2, varname3) Concision is not always a good thing, but still... I suppose the argument is, when there's a person in the loop it's easier to notice funny business. If someone hops on the ATC frequency, the odds are someone will notice more quickly. When it's mediated by a computer, you tend to trust it as a magic box of truth- and injecting subtle errors is going to be easier with ADS-B than on a voice channel, isn't it? Where I last lived, there was at least one charity that had free pickup by truck. Not on demand exactly, but they could take anything useful if it was boxed- or furniture. You could leave your stuff on the porch and they would shift it for you. This seems strictly worse and very expensive if you want to get rid of any significant amount of stuff. There's no particular reason to believe that the placebo effect is nonphysical other than the fact that we don't know exactly how it works. Lots of things fall into that category. You can ascribe God to dark matter and placebo effects, but you just have a God of the Gaps. It is though. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whiteness_studies Does not work well on my Windows tablet- I assume it presents a touch interface for Android and iOS? It assumes I have a keyboard, and I can't see a way to turn on a touch interface by hand. HP Stream 7, Windows 8.1. Keep the government out of our dick picks! John Oliver: Government Surveillance https://youtu.be/XEVlyP4_11M?t=1518 How fast people are discovering new antibiotics is the important thing, I would think. Assuming resistance is going to happen no matter what, we need to keep discovering new antibiotics at a steady pace to keep up. Here's one timeline I found in a paper: http://cmr.asm.org/content/24/1/71/F1.expansion.html It's been argued that it gives a few incredibly wealthy people undue influence on public spending. Instead of being taxed and then spent according to the government's priorities, which is at some level accountable to the public, a few wealthy people get to decide what programs have merit and pour their money into them. It has been tried with images: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fractal_compression It was perfect watching when home from highschool with a fever, which does tend to reduce me to the emotional range of a toddler. It could have been signed with Satoshi's PGP key. Is it much worse than an ant farm? I think it is probably a bit worse, since at least with an ant farm ants are doing ant-related things, even if it's behind plastic. It'll end up being enforced on publication, I'd guess. So if you photograph an object and publish the picture, someone can come after you for money. Or, in this case, if you published a book last year, they can sue you for distributing it. Which is insane, but that's what you get with retroactive copyright extensions. Nobody actually cares whether you took the photograph, it's whether you published it. So, so many companies have been caught promoting drugs "off-label", for uses that the FDA hasn't approved. So many. Johnson & Johnson paid $1.4 BILLION to settle a suit alleging that they heavily promoted the use of antipsychotics on dementia patients. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_off-label_promotion_ph... Some people go to Switzerland for specific chemicals to render them dead as fast as possible, since they see it as preferable to living with Alzheimer's. Admittedly it seems like a bit of a gamble to just start popping drugs whether they've been studied or not, but people spend lots of money on "natural" supplements which are at least usually reasonably safe but are even less likely to work. If J&J thought their drugs worked, I'd naively think that they could just invest a (perhaps significant) fraction of the eventual settlement to prove as much to the FDA. It would boost sales and allow them to promote them indefinitely, out in the open. Either they couldn't be bothered, or in fact they tried to prove it, and failed. If J&J can't prove a drug works, the odds that it does actually work seems... low, given the amount of resources J&J have. And some configurations of facial hair which make it unwise. If you're blessed with a rich and flowing beard, rock on. But if your natural state is a scraggly, uneven mess, just shaving it off regularly is by far the easiest option. I wonder how often spy satellites take similar pictures, since they might be more willing to play around to peek around cloud cover, if they really want a particular picture right now. Having a powerful, private "spy satellite" is really cool, since it puts government-style capabilities in the hands of "ordinary" people (at least, ordinary people with money). Yule logs are rather older than the Internet: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yule_log I encountered this machine, which had a manual on top, hooray! But it didn't include explanations of any of the symbols: https://imgur.com/Sdwrvqv I ended up going for "40 degrees shirts and pants" since that matched what I was actually trying to wash, but God help anyone trying to use that machine with any specific requirements. Tooltips aren't going to be much help on mobile though. > If you have multiple products, having your company name start off the title of all your products just means I cannot find your product in my alphabetized app list. Oh great, now I'm flashing back to hunt-and-peck through the Windows XP Start Menu trying to find a particular piece of software in a list categorized sometimes by company, sometimes by software, sometimes by built-in Windows category. An absolute mess. They're called scriptkiddies: they have just enough technical know-how to hang themselves, more or less. Enough to copy and paste lines into a terminal window. Admittedly being able to swap that out would be awesome, but you don't -have- to buy a new phone. 2G phones still work just fine. What about when an app you have updates, and requests a new permission you don't want to give? Either you never take an update again for that app (which might mean leaving in bugs and security holes) or uninstall the app and hunt around for a replacement that doesn't require even more extensive permissions. It's a pain. Apart from the monopolization, is it at all new? ex: Lego. Lego is not produced by artisan plasticsmiths down the street, they're a big company. But that's a Pascal's Mugging, isn't it? How unlikely does a claim of LENR have to be, exactly, before we can dismiss it out of hand? There's a difference between acquiring language and learning one as an adult. Children don't need to apply rules to learn a language- they acquire it unconsciously. Adults actually DO need to learn the rules. At least, that's what I remember from Linguistics 101. Here's my preferred way to chop a circle up to determine the area: http://www.drcruzan.com/Images/Mathematics/Circles/AreaByRea... The PEP says that locals() and globals() solutions were considered, and discarded: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0498/#no-use-of-globals-... You could argue that's not a good enough reason, but it's there. Images don't even show if you have javascript disabled. They load, but are opacity:0. Literally the worst option. This was my read on this too. foreigny name ergo not trustworthy. The same point could have been made just as well with "Honest Joe's Used Car and Certs." If someone's a mild jerk, saying "Hey, you were kind of being a jerk back there, seemed unnecessarily mean, knock it off" isn't being sensitive, it's asserting yourself. Sure, pick your battles, obviously. Nobody is suggesting violent jihad against the author. "Hey, this reads as a bit racist to me" isn't really "crying to mommy/daddy", it's expressing an opinion on the text. Legislating what is and isn't an appropriate (ie, "not oversensitive") opinion on a text is counterproductive. The ads are always quite careful to avoid promising anything outright. "brain training," "testing," "compare your score with global averages." Technically, Lumosity IS training your brain... to do better at Lumosity games. It's obviously vaguely promising cognitive gains, but it manages to talk around it extremely well. Probably violates the TOS, or if it doesn't right now, as soon as it's implemented, it will. Not that I have any moral opposition, but it'd be risking a pretty quick account ban. Not exactly cheap, but designed to be durable and require only a decent microscope to read: http://rosettaproject.org/disk/concept/ Cephalopod eyes are better than mammalian ones. They evolved independently, but cephalopods ended up with an arguably "better" solution, and mammals aren't about to swap their eyes around entirely given that their eyes work just fine, even with a blindspot. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cephalopod_eye > In vertebrate eyes, the nerve fibers route before the retina, blocking some light and creating a blind spot where the fibers pass through the retina. In cephalopod eyes, the nerve fibers route behind the retina, and do not block light or disrupt the retina. Knowing the Juniper Dual_EC_DRBG constants were fiddled with doesn't help you actually snoop, since working backwards to the generating constant is computationally unfeasible. Similarly hardcoding someone's SSH public key isn't going to help anyone else gain access just by knowing it's there, is it? Composting toilets don't need water either. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Composting_toilet Alternatively, just try to divert urine so it never mixes in the first place: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Urine-diverting_dry_toilets Both of these seem on first glance to be easier to maintain. Popcorn Time has both an iPhone and Android port. They could region-lock based on where your credit card billing address is if they really wanted to. Pay with a Canadian card, get Canadian Netflix wherever you are. Bit of a can of worms, but if they really really cared about people spoofing their location... They seem pretty common on London buses. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTHFSuPirXY There's a video further down demonstrating it adjusting to different lighting conditions; you can see a slight lag. Not since the US left the gold standard, no. Plus fractional-reserve banking, and the amount of money in the world economy is always increasing. I was addressing the "phone" part of it, really. PopcornTime works fine on phones. (I easily sideloaded it onto a set-top Android box, it works fine but you need a mouse or trackpad to navigate the interface. I think it would work fine on any semi-recent Android version) You could probably use an Arduino for this, they connect to a computer using serial-over-USB. You can do GPIO bit-twiddling pretty fast: http://skpang.co.uk/blog/archives/323 Once he was charged the $150, it didn't cost him any more to try again to download it, because of how the pricing works. So, he would have been charged that much no matter what if he'd downloaded the data at that speed, and there was nothing to refund once he successfully got his data out. Notably, they've taken flack for being wishy-washy on climate change, and eventually had to put out a directive to stop giving equal time to deniers. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/07/0... A functioning massless drive is arguably as unlikely as a perpetual motion machine. It's not really worth paying attention to claims that someone built one other than perhaps as entertainment value. You're not gaining much from a Bayer filter over three separate exposures, so you're probably right. Ordinary full-color pictures have to be demosaiced anyway, and it's more complex than laying three colored exposures on top of each other. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayer_filter With three exposures you get to use the full resolution of the camera for each channel, so you end up a more detailed image and fewer artifacts... unless something moves, in which case you'll get strange colored ghosts. People hear that space images are composites, and therefore somehow conclude that they're "not real."- but all consumer digital color photography are digital composites thanks to Bayer (and Bayer-style) filters, white balance adjustment, sharpening and denoise that are all baked into your JPEGs before you see them. The contrast ratio (how bright whites are to black) is the important thing, and the contrast ratio of printed text in sunlight is a lot greater than your average LCD. And if you want a pretty secure second factor, the YubiKey is available, the Neo supports NFC so it works with some Android phones. Tor means they can sneak through state-level internet blocks and surveillance. Once they're on Facebook, they're (ostensibly) obeying their Real Name policy, so Facebook knows who they are. Their Tor support doesn't protect their identity or communications from Facebook itself, other than obscuring their IP address. Encrypted chats, on the other hand, treats Facebook itself as untrusted. It lets people use Facebook without Facebook knowing exactly what they're up to. From the above wikipedia entry: > In the July 1904 edition of its monthly publication, Sherwin-Williams reported the dangers of paint containing lead, noting that a French expert had deemed lead paint "poisonous in a large degree, both for the workmen and for the inhabitants of a house painted with lead colors." "Poisonous in a large degree" seems pretty serious to me. People were regularly dropping dead due to lead poisoning in factories by the turn of the century, and it looks like lead was recognized as being capable of doing significant, though hard-to-recognize, harm: "Although plumbism is usually easy to diagnose, lead occasionally induces obscure affections of the nervous system, the cause and true nature of which are not always easily recognized. As a cause of poverty, too, its influence is not sufficiently known nor the role it may be playing in the physical degeneracy of the race." https://books.google.com/books?id=gQY9AAAAYAAJ&lpg=PA29&ots=... Lead paint looks to have been largely banned in Europe in favor of zinc-based paint by 1911; it was clearly viewed as a public health threat, not least by housepainters themselves, who were dying of lead poisoning (see the table on page 25). It comes down to "do animals feel emotions" which is really just a sneaky way to ask whether animals have a first-person experience at all. It's easiest imho to apply a Turing Test here: if an animal behaves like it has emotions in every way, what authority can you claim to say they don't? If there's no test to distinguish between "fake" emotions and actual emotions, then is it even a meaningful question? Anyway, what are the odds that humans invented empathy, uniquely, somewhere between ourselves and our most recent common ancestor with (mice, dogs, whatever)? It just seems so unlikely. How did our hominin ancestors get along with each other if they didn't have empathy? We don't have a machine that can measure qualia in humans for that matter! See also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Nikola_Tesla/Nationality_... Apple used to help the FBI get into iPhones all the time and it didn't destroy their reputation. > A law enforcement source in the San Francisco Bay Area has confirmed to CNET that Apple has for at least three years helped police to bypass the lock code, typically four digits long, on iPhones seized during criminal investigations. http://www.cnet.com/news/how-apple-and-google-help-police-by... Only Apple is able to sign iOS updates. The FBI wants Apple to make an Evil Update and sign it with their key so the phone will accept the update. Apple has to hold the signing key so the phone can reject Evil Updates in general. Does this count as a "backdoor"? It's built into the way signed updates work. Nobody stole Sony's master signing key for the PS4, even when their entire network was pwned. They're probably stored offline in specialized hardware. (as I understand it, newer iPhones use crypto magic + special hardware to make it arguably impossible to update the phone while it's locked, so they're more secure against Evil Updates, even ones signed by Apple)