Forget notoriety. University football generates a ton of money, and since we live in a capitalist society, the people in profit centers tend to get paid a lot than people in cost centers. If you have an email account somewhere with spamassassin, send some mails there, then look at the headers to see how SA scores you. Fix what's indicated and repeat. Not a 100% solution but it helps. Interesting bug here - the ip in the link is 209.85.173.104. The address of the site shown after the link in brackets is 104.173.85.209. I found the article to be pretty bad. It made me think of Marc Andreesen's critique of the Economist predictions - this one struck me as a technologist writing about non-technology, and badly at that. "On average, tappers expected listeners to get it right about half the time." Clearly the tappers were morons, because the minute I read that sentence it seemed off by several factors of magnitude. Both digg and reddit have karma systems so that each vote is not equal. I think that as a social news site grows (or any community), you have to subdivide the community somehow - essentially create a collection of niche sites. Who cares? I don't mean to be flippant, this just seems like the definition of something that only matters to a lot of self-important bloggers. That big 3rd paragraph seems to be the center of bogosity. "Her comparison helps to delineate differences between the two groups and provides a useful format for discussions." Translated that means - this is some bogus education theory that has no scientific basis behind it, and if you take action based on it, then whatever mess you create is your own fault. I had to take a survey course on education research during my postgrad days - the first thing the prof said was that basically education is a research ghetto where every half-baked methodology, and every bit of post-modern drivel can find a home. The "get your contacts from external sites" script may be a violation of the other TOSs, but more importantly it's a violation of your contacts' privacy. They didn't say you could give their info to facebook. They forgot to mention the rampant age discrimination. Why would any intelligent person go into a career where you basically become unemployable at 40? It's hard for me to come up with examples that would be relevant to you and that I can talk about, probably because it is illegal in the US (so they're careful). When I lived in Europe I would do a lot of telephone interviews, and in general people were impressed, but invariably they would end with "We just need one more thing - we need your date of birth for our records." I'd give that and there would be no callback. Once I lied about my birth date (a friend had told me that european laws allowed that). It resulted in the first offer I got during that search. The company I worked for (in Europe) at that time asked if they could put my age down as 39 (I was 40 at the time) on their about page. I can't really say that my latest experience was entirely about age, but it was unpleasant. Google my name (Owen Byrne) and it will be obvious. I built a fairly prominent website. Chances are you've heard of my "co-founders." but not me. Oh, hell. Lawyers ain't going to do anything about me mentioning the site. http://digg.com . You have probably heard of it. I was kinda shocked back in business school to learn that the age of an entrepreneur is a significant factor in success - the older you are the more likely you are to succeed. The explanation was that you have more contacts, more experience, and more money. That being said, there's probably no better way to increase your chances of success than failing miserably, preferably several times. The canonical example is Ray Kroc, who took over a little company called "McDonalds" starting at age 53. 47, co-founder, digg.com. Correct me if I'm wrong but hasn't "Comet" been around for ages? - the only change is that someone has put a catchy name to it. Or is it something more than using iframes to keep a connection open to the server and stream live data over that connection? Gotta give two thumbs up to that first point. I completely underestimated how emotional I am, and how much that interfered with my work. "Choose math because you will make more money." I could rant at length, but instead I'll just quote Greenspun: "Adjusted for IQ, quantitative skills, and working hours, jobs in science are the lowest paid in the United States." http://philip.greenspun.com/careers/women-in-science High school math starts you down that road. Other parts of his argument are better. digg.com got $50k from the founder of textamerica.com. We did some cross-linking at the time. Before that it was all Kevin's savings. He was a programmer once. Because we all say that. Many many times. I drove a Suzuki Swift (same car as the Metro) for a decade. Cost me $10k (Canadian back when they were cheap), never spent a cent to maintain it. Gas, I never noticed actually spending money on it ;-) It wasn't the cheapest configuration, though, it had 4 cylinders (as opposed to 3) and 14" inch tires instead of 13". I think the bandwidth problem can be addressed by learning about your router and blocking (or go meet and make friends with) the neighbour stealing it. But not blocking out casual users - ubiquitous bandwidth is the goal. I love the sentiment -- both subversive and welcoming -- like the best of the hippies. All you need is love! Though somewhere down the road, when the hippie experience turns into Altamont, is every person with a home network going to have a privacy policy? Will we all have to buy the same software the hotels and airports use just to avoid liability? For example, what happens if two people connect to your home network both without your knowledge, one does something bad involving your network and the other person's computer? Serial killer bad? Giant liability bills ensue. All too much. Make people engage, then engage them again, maybe one more time for the late comers, they'll find the signup. VCs like registered users, but if you do things right, and make it easy for users to register when they want to, they're an inevitable result of page views. I don't know. Are they? Putting it into a more emotionally charged version for us all - you can do a startup on your own and sell it for $1 million. Or you can be partners with someone who will do no work and take all the credit, but then the company will sell for $110 million, of which you will get 1% or $1.1 million. It's the VC value proposition ;-) Seems to me that recession == unemployment. I'd make a guess that contributing to open source is attractive to unemployed people because it's a good way to "audition" for a job. So I'd vote for "yes." Nice article as far as it goes. I've always felt that the productivity of all developers is affected greatly by all the other mundane tasks that surround the programming - communications, deployment, answering the phone, logging in, futzing in general - and that they are much better targets for productivity improvement. That's why I find the recent rails vs. php deployment discussion very interesting. I've been working on a django app for a while, and while I enjoy the language and framework, I suspect any (slim) productivity increase I have gained will be negated by the deployment. you need to validate the input more. Not including a site gave me an ugly error message. Learnings? From looking at his site, it doesn't appear that english is his second language. Lots of stuff on valleywag about jobster, e.g. http://valleywag.com/tech/startup-hell/jobsters-death-march-... How is that different from the "comments" link? Other than you don't have to login. I used to love the National Enquirer ;-) I love Valleywag too. I think that the "eyeball" model is fine, as long as you're not spending too much money to get those eyeballs, which was the problem with web 1.0. Debian I met Chris McKinstry in Winnipeg, Canada in 1995. I was not very impressed - he wanted to start a course on linux sysadmin or something... - with me doing pretty well everything except collecting the money... and he couldn't even organize it properly. He struck me as a scammer, though obviously it's only a thin line between that and "Internet entrepreneur." Great stuff. I'd buy the e-book except I hate e-books. Wonder if there is a real book available? 11. Don't ask for overtime ;-) It's all about networking, I guess. I've met Scoble a few times, he seemed to make the proper assessment in that in his world I'm not very important - I'm just a programmer. It's all about PR, too. Oh, and I hope that I made the proper assessment too. He doesn't really matter in my world. I got mentioned! Yay! The real digg office is the irc channel. With remote people and weird hours, that's where most of the work (and water cooler talk) happens. I missed a large part of grade 10 because of moving and travelling. When time came to register for school (in Montreal, Quebec) the public school system wanted me to repeat grade 10 because I had missed so much. I and my parents found a private school that had entrance exams, and they let me take both the grade 10 and grade 11 exams. Passed the grade 11 one, and went right into grade 11. I think Youtube doesn't belong here, the motivation and process to create and post a video are quite different from posting a link. He also forgot about flickr (though he has a flickr photo stream) and stumbleupon - 2 Canadian companies that had successful exits. I'm reminded of the Niels Bohr quote (which I can't find now) about how Quantum Physics overcame Newtonian Physics in academia - something to the effect of "we waited till all those who believed in Newtonian Physics died." Big companies are like that - nearly impervious to change. They won't change -- they'll die. They're dying now. Before it was a rumor. This time there's an actual official looking document outlining the offer on MS's website. I think that qualifies as "different." The original article accused Canadians of being too concerned with "proving themselves to their big brother." I would just like to point to the following blog post: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2008/02/digg-heat-map.html to show why we do that. The article basically makes the assertion that most digg users are American, because most of the signups happen during times where Americans are at work. Not like there is another country sharing those same timezones. Shouldn't Clayton Bellmor's say ? (class instead of id, hyphen instead of underscore). I guess maybe he's saying he's unique. Ray Kurzweil has been milking the AI teat for a very long time. He's a futurist without much future. I got to this part (well in): "Sweden is a file sharer's heaven. Its laws protect internet service providers from being sued for what passes through their networks, which gives them little incentive to turn downloaders over to groups like the R.I.A.A. or the M.P.A.A." and I thought the article is kind of interesting once you get past the smarmy bullshit. But at that particular part the bullshit seemed to overflow the container. I'm reasonably sure that in most countries, including the USA, ISPs are protected from being sued for what passes over their networks. I did read the rest of the article. Some of us read for fun, and his writing is fun! What you describe as "irrelevant" others of us see as "exposition." He follows a fairly well established tradition of using stuff unrelated to programming to illustrate programming (see Joel Spolsky and Philip Greenspun for more irrelevancies). I've lived in the US, and I had to look at the dollar bills I happen to have in my wallet. Green, yes, but did they add other colors recently? Not a very foreigner-friendly question. The problem with technical questions, is that no matter how simple, people here will argue about the correct answer ;-). Unless we just give up and say that "It depends" is always correct. This may sound weird, but I've come to prefer lying face-down on the floor with a laptop in front of me. I think it's because that's how I did homework as a kid (in front of the TV). So my ideal office would have to support that. Having been through this experience, I think the best way is to try and get a job in the US with a visa, then work on the startup on the side. If you can get funded, everything gets a lot easier. Unless of course you're wealthy to start with. My experience is the thing about ownership isn't true, and I can think of plenty of people who are counter-examples. Me (own shares in digg.com), Daniel Burka (digg, pownce), Tara Hunt (Citizen Agency). All three in the US on TN visas. Reddit started out as a blatant copy of digg, which was 6 months old when reddit launched. I think that sort of invalidates large parts of this essay. Some digg copy from Dec. 2004: " What's Digg? Digg is a technology news website that combines social bookmarking, blogging, RSS, and non-hierarchical editorial control. With digg, users submit stories for review, but rather than allowing an editor to decide which stories go on the homepage, the users do." Reddit copy from August 2005: "A source for what's new and popular on the web--customized for you. We want to democratize the traditional model by giving editorial control to the people who use the site, not those who run it. All of the content on reddit is from users who are rewarded for good submissions (and punished for bad ones) by their peers. You decide what appears on your front page and simultaneously, which submissions rise to fame or fall into obscurity." And, yes, I realize there was nothing completely original about digg, the idea was originally done by kuro5hin, yadda, yadda, and I actually have plenty of respect for PG and the reddit guys. I'm just saying.... Book has been sitting on my shelf forever since I found it in a clearance bin. Now I'll actually (try to) read it! Well, that made me laugh. Hmmm, except they don't seem to be. I filled out the forms and got a "we've reserved a post for you when we open up to the public" message. Am I missing something? I love the part about "LAMP is everywhere now--these types of technologies no one heard of 18 months ago are all the sudden becoming a hot commodity." I have an old newspaper clipping from 2000 with a full-page photo of Linus on the front page of the business section from Canada's Globe & Mail (the country's largest newspaper). Perhaps that will inspire the clueless recruiters to only look for The stuff that happened after we were funded (I've left the company) probably had a lot to do with my age, and the type of conventional wisdom (i.e. bullshit) that is out there and espoused by some of these commenters. Remember that on the internet, noone knows you're a dog (or an old dog). Sarah Lacey wrote the puff-piece we've all seen on digg, and was quite amenable to leaving founder no. 3 out of the picture. So from my heart, I just want to say... she can go f*ck herself. Random guess - one of the "Big Five" http://www.cfo.com/article.cfm/3003864?f=search 47, took the GRE last year. Scored kinda well.. but it also felt kind of empty. Like wow, I'm still good at high school math. Yeah, my bad. I mixed up comments. Or maybe I mixed up visas. Which is about the easiest thing in the world. I feel the urge for a poll. "Orientated" vs. "Oriented" http://www.askoxford.com/asktheexperts/faq/aboutgrammar/orie... Though it's not mentioned there, the big difference is that Greenspun was talking about squeezing the last drop of productivity from pretty well paid programmers. And with appropriate bumps in salary to go with that extra productivity. Calacanis is apparently talking about people making $35k a year, in LA. This seems like it should have been studied long ago. I guess it takes a while for academia to get new monitors (and notice that they have bigger ones available). So the obvious question is... how many sock puppet accounts does Arrington already have here? He admitted to 5 at digg, I think. Sometimes I come here first thing in the morning and it's 75% techcrunch. These things were seen as no-risk, basically like money market funds. Some startups have raised 8 digit numbers of money, and they have a CFO, and that CFO would be neglecting his fiduciary duty if he left millions in an account that earned 0.25% interest. I was saying that safer alternatives to money market funds (i.e. checking accounts) pay 0.25% interest. I guess it came out a little unclear. These were seem as just another kind of money market fund, 100% safe. To keep money in a checking account rather than putting it into a perceived safe investment that paid a higher rate without sacrificing liquidity, would be neglecting fiduciary responsibilty. O' Reilly's "Dynamic HTML" is probably my most well-used book. My experience confirms that. I didn't get the job, which could be an argument that I'm bitter or something, but I told the first, second, and third recruiter I talked to that I probably wasn't interested in the position offered. Anyway beyond the "I'm not interested/come in anyway" the interview process was pretty broken. The first two interviewers somehow were given the resume of someone who had the same name as me but wasn't me (or something, it was never clear how they ended up with the wrong resume). That's US visitors. They're based in the UK and that's where they've been most successful. Techcrunch says 22 million uniques. Your simple solution has a chicken and egg problem. Or at least according to the article linked to. The whole point of dressing fashionably is to get a girlfriend. Though they didn't actually tell me that I was an "outsource" rather than a "founder" till later. In fact they never really told me that at all, just left me to read the press. Oh, and just to complete the thought, I would say that non-programmer founders are far from screwed. I left the company in October. Still hoping for "stinking rich." I'd certainly be open to building your app, but I'd probably want some specific things in writing this time around. I have a book left over from my b-school days that I often dip back into. It's called "The Entrepreneurial Venture" and it's sort of like "Founders at Work" if that had been written by Harvard Business School professors. http://www.amazon.com/Entrepreneurial-Venture-Practice-Manag... I know that in this group it probably provides an alternative perspective. here, techmeme, nytimes. (money.cnn.com would be next). Messing around mostly. The problem with outsourcing now is that I'm in Canada. I could charge exactly the same in C$ as I charged in 2002, and Americans will pay 50% more. Unless I can target a european audience, and then you get into the language issues. I've been helping a friend with his site, learning lisp thanks to the bad influences here ;-), and trying to create an interesting website. The last one is difficult. Thanks for asking! Loans cheaper? I think you're dreaming. The problem with your "standard economic theory" is that it fails to account for how much smaller a part of the world's economy the US is. The way to leave risk behind is to leave the US and invest elsewhere. I think we will see that happen at a greater scale now. I think EU startups will do very well. Attacking anything from Apple is a great way to generate traffic. The site seems to have done that, since I can't get there to read the story. I think there are a lot of people who bought macs because they are trendy, but for me (and probably a lot of other people here) the appeal is that they run unix with a nice gui. The EU includes a lot of countries where laws are less rigid, and costs lower. Lithuania, Romania, etc. I'm sure there's a pretty long list of European companies with successful exits. Skype, last.fm, jaiku, etc. The fact that someone named "RightClickCheater" is at the top of your leaderboard (and way out in front) raises some concerns. Seems to me that it's less about tone and more about providing immediate results to the user. Xobni could just make the extra effort to get possible solutions from their "answer search" or "community forums" and put them on that page. The problem is of course, that after taxes (you forgot those), and inflation, 5% interest is really more like -0.5% return. Startup hiring manager: big positive BigCo hiring manager: mild negative People who hire generally look for the candidate that "fits" overall before passing the candidate on to more specific people. At a startup that's probably a bigger issue than at a large company, just because the culture is more malleable. It is? That hasn't been my experience. In my job hunt, and I'll admit that I'm well away from the center of things, my last position (co-founder of digg) is a distinct negative. Most hiring managers haven't heard of it, question why I'm not mentioned more prominently, etc, worry that I will leave for some other pie-in-the-sky startup. The only interest I get is from early stage startups. But again, it's all about fit. If you're 22 and messing with startups it looks like youthful experimentation. If you're 45 and messing with startups you get passed over. This is the under-publicized reason why people do startups - because they can't find an appropriate job. I was reading an article a while back about "older" entrepreneurs (mostly successful ones). Almost every one of them said their main motivation was lack of career opportunities. Not one mention of the most likely cause, which is demographics. Break-ins are a young person's game, the number of young people have declined. Oh, and just one counterexample to the "Everybody has everything now.": Canon 1Ds Mark III - 21 megapixels, full frame sensor, $8k. I lust for it, but don't own one. June 6 = D-Day. Nice. Dunno. I think that's why they call it a "black" market. I know that Thomas Hawk had his 5D (only $3k for that) stolen while on vacation. A former HR professor had a theory for this. According to him the key to understanding American management is that homogeneity is crucial. Middle managers (and that's the path to the top) are almost always white males (though white females are increasingly acceptable) in the 115-130 IQ range. Lower and you're dumb, higher and you're a flake (or not a team player). So I found it interesting that they mentioned the 130 as a cutoff for the school where the students generally led "ordinary" lives. My main problem is that this is for people who got caught. If all criminals have something in common with entrepreneurs, then it seems logical to assume that this program isn't getting the cream of the crop (those who don't get caught). Though perhaps that group succeeds without any help or notoriety. I'm sure the people who he raised money from are really thrilled by that picture and it's association with their money. I'm sure it's a good recipe, but I couldn't stop laughing after "soak a cedar plank." While I realize that YCombinator is trying to change this, here's my startup experience. 1. Inspired by PG's rhetoric, go into partnership with semi-famous TV talk show host to build site. 2. Work ass off for 9 months. Site grows like gangbusters, VCs banging on the doors. 3. VCs/Partner bring in new CEO. Partner/CEO fill every position above entry level with new hires. 4. My job is now 9-5, cubicle, no chance of advancement. 5. CEO and partner now described as "founders" in the press. So I mostly followed PG's advice, only to end up in the exact same mind-numbing job he's saying to avoid. I got some equity. Some day it might actually be worth something. I was participating in a conversation about how being a founder is better than being an employee, and pointing out that they often end up exactly the same (except for the equity). I edited the post a little, remembering that I do still have friends there. Managing investors is important, and that means you have to think about their perception. Though I was probably a little unfair, part of Calacanis's job is to make things look glamorous and exciting. The thing is there's a difference between the equity of management founders, and "non-management founders" which is basically just that the former get a seat at the table at any negotiations, and the latter doesn't. I actually didn't know there were non-management founders till I got to California (you hear occasionally about them - linkedin has one). And the thing I also learned is that liquidity of equity is more important than the percentage. And I don't think that Kevin added all the value in the beginning. He was significantly less famous at that point, and in fact was about to become unemployed. Many of his coworkers tried to launch sites around the same time, with nearly as much fame, and they all failed. There was a lot of luck. That is the hope. I pretty well knew what was going to happen the day I met our new CEO. I was not prepared for the extent of the bullshit. I didn't mean to inject my bitch-fest into this thread, my point is that the idea that being a founder is going to lead to a job where you have control and independence, can run into a big road block as soon as you take VC money. It's important to get stuff clear with your co-founders before you sign anything. Here's one clue. I was 44 when we started. I think that explains some of what happened and also why I put up with for as long as I did (as someone said above, letting the media-attractive people parade before the cameras was good for the company). And yes, I'm waiting (sometime impatiently) for the exit, and if I get what I'm supposed to get, I'll be back here apologizing for every bitchy comment. I actually liked "Silicon Snake Oil." I think he believed that what I call the techno-optimists oversold things, and he probably was too extreme in opposition (because that's how debate works). But his original point is probably just as true today - the pollyanna-ish "technology will cure everything" side is still dominant,and there is no question that negative things about the internet get glossed over. The reality is in the middle somewhere. Philip and Alex's Guide to Web Publishing: http://philip.greenspun.com/panda and other Greenspun writings. Yes the technical stuff in that book is dated, but what I really liked was the approach to building websites (and companies) from "first principles," rather than just trying to copy what other people were doing. Also since I was trying to write a Ph.D. thesis, it was just a revelation to see that MIT accepted something interesting and readable for his thesis. To paraphrase my lawyer, sometimes companies can be very creative about what the standard "Proprietary Inventions and Information" agreement covers. And any advice I give can basically be summed up as "get your own lawyer early." Haha. Step 1 - post it on Hacker News ;-) Is that a question or advice? Either way I did quit. I'd probably agree with "paid very well", "loved the team", "earned every bit", etc. The problem was that the job went from something I loved (small team, a variety of responsibilities, lots of opportunity) to something I didn't like at all (head-down coding). Which is all I really wanted to point out. The writer's grasp of probability is almost as bad as the graphic. That last quote reminded me of something I just read on gigaom: "Seesmic is a video startup I’ve shied away from writing about too often, because I’m not sure I really get it. But I figure if so many smart people think there’s something good going on here, I should keep an eye on what the company is doing." That's everything I disliked about silicon valley right there. Your last sentence sounds like a great example of survivorship bias. The ones who took more risks are all dead ;-) So if you're an engineer with an MBA, it's a wash? Little known fact is that originally the MBA program was specifically designed for engineers. It was supposed to address the needs of engineers who were rising the management ranks. I know when I did mine, I generally looked down on the people who did their undergrads in business (why exactly are you taking the same courses again?). You're sick of the PR creation. This is an old article, and seems pretty authentic. Lots of interesting stuff. That's because it is a mysterious process -- so much of it seems to be at the discretion of the USCIS examiner. I think the best advice is to consult an immigration lawyer. Not only because they know about the law (which I find is actually pretty hit and miss) but having a letter from a lawyer included in your application gives you a little more legitimacy. That would be the guy who produced this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=143333 It's fun to see him live having enjoyed his books. Damn. Same thought, less karma! The whole article is kind of warped by it's insistence on the word "stolen." Digg owed a lot to websites that came before it, but there was no stealing. As a matter of fact, Joshua Schachter of del.icio.us provided a lot of useful advice early on. twitter is a good counterexample. I'd really like to know how friendfeed works, uses apis, and how it is in any way legal. All of the sites it aggregates have non-commercial APIs. So how does that work? Sweetheart deals all round? Is it just because they don't have ads yet? The blog article with a link to chapter one of the study can be found here: http://blogs.ft.com/crookblog/2008/03/the-dumbing-of-america... Seems to be a position paper used to support higher H1B limits. But I found the bit about "immigrant entrepreneurs" to be interesting. Quote: "The survey found a substantial rise in the share of immigrant- founded venture capital–backed companies in America. The share rose from just 7 percent in 1970–80 to 20 percent in 1980–89" These arguments probably would not last as long if you actually track down the source. Because chances are they have addressed your objections. From the study, which is linked from the blog post which can be found above: "It is important to note that no attempt is made in figure 1.3 to “adjust for quality differences” in tertiary educational experiences between countries. Of course, not every university around the globe is a Harvard, Stanford, Cambridge, or Indian Institute of Technology, so invariably considerable “skill aspects” are not included in ﬁ gure 1.3. Such comparisons are significantly beyond the scope of this policy analysis. However, following the axiom that tertiary training is what principally enables individuals to quickly grasp new complex subjects and therefore makes it easier to train them on the (especially services-sector) job, it seems evident that in terms of describing the overall level of high-skilled workers in different countries’ workforces, any impact of quality differences among universities will be swamped by the quantitative differences in tertiary skill uptake depicted in figure 1.3.16" Digg has a couple. If you view source and go to the bottom of the page you'll see: those constants spell out (of course) digg. Barely an easter egg, but thought I'd throw it in. There's a key-sequence that mimics a cheat from some game that will expand the comments completely. You can search digg for it if you're curious. I think that because websites do change more often than desktop environments, people don't look for easter eggs with the same passion. And maybe because the effort involved in building and distributing a website is so much less than building and distributing a desktop application, that makes it more ephemeral, and programmers less likely to put in the time to build elaborate hidden functionality. The constants thing was there for over a year before anyone noticed it. That's the one I meant in the last part of my post. Philip was more interesting before he retired. There was some optimism mixed in with the bile. In case I was a little too indirect for you, that was not an ad-hominem attack, it was a criticism of the article disguised as an ad-hominem attack. And as I said in a comment on Philip's blog, all of the stuff he is talking about is priced into the exchange rate. And since the dollar's value has dropped drastically in the last few years, the US has been a terrible investment for the last few years. Going forward, it might not be so bad, because all the bad news has been priced into the exchange rate (perhaps). I had lunch with Mr. Greenspun once upon a time. I remarked after, that it was amazing how he managed to insult all seven nationalities at the table in an hour long lunch. But his writings before the Ars-Digita blowup and subsequent settlement were much more enjoyable because they had a "call to action" of sorts. Things were crappy, but you as an individual could make a difference. Now his writing is basically "the world is screwed, and Americans are morons for not realizing it." Ah, one interview question I know the right answer to. Q: What computer do you have at home A: I have five. Q: What OS do they run? A: All of them. ;-) I would tend to agree that YC cookie-cutter clones are probably not going to succeed, but there are probably niches that are underserved. One that immediately comes to mind, just from the various discussions here, is the "I want to found a company, but I'm not in the US, and there's no such thing as a company founder visa." Digg had 5 million plus monthly uniques 4 months after launch. And probably double by the Series A, 9 months in. As I recall anyway. You probably get a grace period after you leave your jobs that might be close to the 3 months required for YC. At least as a start. If you're working in the country already it's unlikely you can use that. I tried to switch to a tourist visa after leaving my job (was on a TN). Denied - they said that I failed to reestablish residency in the foreign country. I'll chime in with "Turn down the brightness." Monitors seem to come with it turned up too high by default - probably because it looks better on display in a store. It was an interesting deck of slides. For those of you who don't have time to go through them, the answer was "35.08% of users used tag clouds at least once in a while." For posterity - digg on TechTv: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1_YoG7lqI4 True. We were chugging along, growing about 20% a month, 4 months in, when that story appeared on digg and then got indexed by yahoo (we were no.1 and no.3 for the search "paris hilton phone"). Traffic doubled instantly. That should underline the importance of SEO. Get your friends to link to your site. Seen in SF: http://flickr.com/photos/ojbyrne/224171975/ :-) Hmm, extrapolating from the article, I guess I should get some credit for reddit's success because of my involvement with digg. Where's my cut? ;-) Seriously though I regret not meeting the reddit guys. I felt a certain kinship with them during the crazy days of 2005. Now I'm just jealous of their exit. I love "Little Room." I could link to my blog post about it a while back, or blather some more, but I think I'll just play the song. 106 python 76 ls 67 emacs 63 cd 28 mysql 24 sudo 17 history 10 mv 9 ssh 6 rm I moved from Canada to Spain, ate and drank to excess, but lost 30 pounds in a year. Why? Because I started running, working up to the point where half-marathons were routine. The climate was a contributor, but I think the key was just stepping out of my current milieu into somewhere where I could easily change my lifestyle without any of the old triggers. As previously mentioned, the 83(b) election is the key thing. It just means you elect to get taxed on the stock when it is sold rather than when it's received. I think I judge languages by slightly different criteria from the rest of the people here. Tcl got me 2 jobs. So I can't help but praise it. What RDBMS's don't have caching? If we're talking about mysql, there's a query cache, a data cache, more... I feel a hint of castigation in that small comment, and it's been bugging me for the last few days ;-) Yes, I admit it, I don't spend my day in emacs. Too many things don't work quite right inside the emacs shell. The thing about scaling is, if your site is popular, you have to keep doing it - because as you make the site serve more pages, there is unmet demand that suddenly appears and has to be met. So unless you know the traffic trends at twitter, you can't really judge how good a job he has done. It could be that they've scaled to 5x, but the demand has grown 10x. That looks interesting, though the words "released by Oracle" might give one pause. Having a fairly unhealthy obsession with entrepreneurship, and having actually read some of the research, rather than generalizing from my own experience, there is one basic reason why VC funding works better than bootstrapping. That is that small companies (less than roughly a million $ in revenue) are much more likely to be hurt by random events - key employees leaving, acts of god, macroeconomic events, etc. Getting big isn't just about making millions, it's about increasing the chances of survival. And when you hear a bootstrapped company talking about their path as the only way to go, just repeat the words "survivorship bias" to yourself. Funny, same thing happened at digg: http://digg.com/users/albertpacino Every expert that weighs in on the future of oil makes me feel more certain the price is going to be back to $30 a bbl in 6 months. Because that's exactly what happened before. Not entirely serious, but there are an enormous number of blowhards coming out of the woodwork. And it did happen before. Better speak French if you choose Montreal because of the language laws. Otherwise you might be in for a shock when you discover that speaking English is not an acceptable job requirement. A friend of mine used an adsense campaign with ads pointing to a poll. Seemed to work well. I'm a Bill 101 refugee (yes I'm old!) but I really loved living in Montreal. Other than the language issues (and you're probably correct in downplaying them) it's a great city. And (other than the language issues) a great place for startups. Is it irrational or just people seeing beyond the boundaries of the experiment? Once the first trade is offered, it seems like human nature to think - "this isn't necessarily the end of the experiment - choosing the free one is the safe choice because it's possible I might get offered the same deal again, perhaps even multiple times, as long as I have chocolate kisses left." It would be fun to try and find a blogger who meets that standard. I guess that depends on everyone's perception of "done whatever they could to make it work." As the article implies, they might have forgotten as simple a thing as actually listening to what other people suggest. 10 million was my initial thought as well. Having worked as a programmer and spending time at B-school, I'm about to tell you the secret that explains all the conflicts between managers and programmers. Many is the programmer who's said "I get more done after midnight than most people do the rest of the day." But at B-school the saying goes "I get more done before 8 AM than most people do the rest of the day." And therein lies the problem. ;-) That would be right around the time they stopped listening to me. No I'm not egotistical ;-) I probably would have fit in better there if I had been. Actually I know quite a few couples where that's the case. Not all startups mind you, I have this musician friend... But I've seen the "wife has high paying job with steady income, husband is kinda fly-by-night" pattern often enough that I wonder if other people see it too. I never did find that kind of a women myself. Damn! It doesn't really talk about competition. Since this is common sense, it's inevitable that people will pile into whatever business you're talking about until profits go to zero. If you're in a commodity business like, uh, pens, you're going to be worrying about the lower limit on your income - wishing you had one. Sometimes I'm amazed by the innumeracy (or perhaps it's just being US-centric) of people who seem to be in positions of importance. "Everybody pays more, but the U.S. pays more in absolute terms," said Lee Shipper, a visiting scholar at the University of California Berkeley's Transportation Center. If you're already paying $4 in taxes, said Schipper, then an extra $2 a gallon isn't that big of a deal." From some random cruising around wikipedia, there's an obvious flaw with that logic. Most fuel taxes around the world are sales taxes, and either based on a percent of the underlying price, or if they are an absolute price per gallon, they are adjusted periodically based on inflation. So any price increase is going to be magnified by the increase in taxes - people in countries with higher taxes will see the same proportional increase, and a larger absolute increase. In addition, in that quote above, he seems to have meant to say "relative" where he said "absolute." I commented on the blogger's post that I don't think this is really accurate. It doesn't take into account smaller volumes of submissions in the middle of the night, i.e. it looks at the absolute number of items being made popular rather than the probability of any particular link being made popular. This is not entirely clear because the aiderss ranking algorithm is opaque, but I still think its the case. I just found the part of the article I highlighted to be kind of stupid, especially coming from a Berkeley "visiting scholar." Though I'm not quite sure how important that title is (random guess - not very), it's important enough to be mentioned in the article. Scoble's job seems to be to promote new startups. The article would have been much more interesting if after his whole "smell" thing, he ended up saying this one smells bad. But because its a positive article, one is left wondering why he couldn't actually come up with something substantive, that the best thing he could think of to say was that the company had a nice aroma. After reading over it again, I wonder if he was misquoted. Because, if you take into account exchange rates, then the US probably is probably paying more on an absolute basis. But it doesn't say anything about exchange rates. That would be my bet. Wasn't it BEA that Oracle did that to? Perhaps they did it more than once. I'm running 3.0b5 on a macbook pro with only a few extensions, and it crashes constantly. I upgraded because 2 seemed to crash even more. There's one in every crowd. It used to be legacy users, now it's people who emulate legacy users ;-) Because we're not dumbasses. Give it a few days and I think it will become clear that he is. In this particular instance, yes. My immediate response is - is there an ulterior motive for this post? Investors screwing around with Ning? Yes, I'll have to admit, I'm the dumbass. Which is a great lesson for me - I can't predict the stock market. There's a good question. The basic sort algorithm that most people have seen in real life is "selection sort" - it's the algorithm people use to sort cards in, for example, bridge. Find the highest ranking card, put it in the leftmost position, find the next highest ranking card, put it in the next leftmost position, etc. That would be the "naive" algorithm, and it's the slowest, and the first takeaway is that it doesn't scale - it degrades badly the more things you have to sort (Just imagine having a 100 card hand in some expanded card deck - finding the highest ranking card is a problem that the human mind does reasonably well with, but computers have to look at each of those 100 cards one-by-one to figure out which is the highest ranking). So people have developed interesting algorithms that overcome the limitations of the "naive" algo. One key technique used in a lot of the algorithms is "recursion" - basically divide and conquer. It's used in most of the fast algos - quicksort, mergesort, etc. They all divide the whole data set into smaller data sets (in various ways), sort those smaller data sets (which may involve further subdivisions), and then merge them back together (and that gets more complex with the subdivisions). The closest real life characterization of these kinds of algorithms (back to cards) is that they're sort of like sorting the cards and getting all the odd numbers properly sorted in your left hand and then getting all the even numbers sorted in your right hand, and then "riffling" them together in a way that they the odds and the evens mix perfectly. Another key thing that algorithms deal with is "degenerate" or worst cases. Imagine you are dealt a perfectly sorted card hand, except in reverse order. The "naive" algorithm spends a bunch of time reversing the order (take the rightmost card, put it in the leftmost position, get the next rightmost card, put it second from the left,etc, repeat until done) while better algos provide performance nearly the same as almost fully sorted lists (almost equivalent to - leave it the way it is, and mentally assume the opposite side means higher ranked). And that's it for my regurgitation of school days. Yeah, its weak. Friday night. It definitely does read like something I've written on a standardized test's essay section. In Silicon Valley, the name of the author is sometimes valued more highly than his or her writing ability. Ah, you're right. I keep mixing up the Gillmors - Dan can write reasonably well, Steve seems to be trying to do some kind of reverse-Turing test. It's a fairly standard theory (search for "Boom, Bust and Echo") that the generation after the baby boomers are hurt by demographics - compared to not just the generation before, but also the generation after, they suffer from lower salaries, less job prospects, and less satisfying careers overall. But as soon as they mentioned someone 24 years old - part of the "echo" generation who, in general, can expect the exact opposite - I decided they were just making shit up. My mother lives a block away. Just a phone call would have been kind of rude ;-) It also seems like he tries to deflect the argument by saying that people are saying Ruby (the language) doesn't scale, and then ridiculing them for that, when in fact people are saying Rails (the architecture) doesn't scale. Al? It would be nice to have an interactive demo, because I think it would take a lot of getting used to. I guess on a phone you don't have to compete quite as much against touch-typing for the advertised "efficiency." Only if you don't plan to have employees. Sooo.. that's basically a third-hand report (since Sarah presumably wasn't at the meeting). Techcrunch really sucks lately. I looked up Brazil's per capita income and it's just under $5k a year. The jobs mentioned pay $50k a year. I posted that in a comment at the blog, it has not exited moderation yet :-( I would argue that this is trolling/linkbait and not much more. And that's isn't coming out of ignorance of Philip's writings, I've read most (all) of his stuff and once bought extra copies of Philip and Alex's Guide to give away as gifts. My experience is that in the corporate world (i.e. non software products) women dominate IT. I once had the pleasure to work in an IT department where I was the only male. The API you're talking about is authenticated SMTP. I think he's just talking about setting the From: header. I've seen both approaches - but it seems clear you'll get a better response using the individual's email. The Top N lists feel so much like digg. Books are pretty personal decisions - the first page included a few large, challenging books that personally I couldn't be bothered with, and it really felt like stuff was shoehorned in just because it was "supposed" to be there. But I have read other large challenging books and been rewarded, so maybe that's just me. Personally I'd recommend - read more than 100 books. - read "Catch 22" - the blurb here does not do justice to how funny the book is. I still remember how much my sides hurt. I used two pretty big sites (kayak.com and nytimes.com) in the last couple of days that put my email in the From: header. Admittedly as a result of my specific action, but that's a user contract issue rather than getting through spam filters - which they didn't seem to have a problem with. Just to illustrate the gist of what both of us are saying, I loved "Catcher in the Rye." It was my disaffected youth, so I identified strongly with Holden Caulfield. No vertical scale seems kinda chart-junky. The point is obvious, but lack of a scale (even just something to indicate that it's linear and with a lower limit of 0) casts some doubt on the point its trying to prove. One thing I wonder, there have been a slew of these articles which probably push (at least somewhat) people to use online services to store their life. Will customs agents ask for passwords to your gmail, facebook, etc? If they aren't doing that now, how long before they do? http://mail.your.org/pipermail/v6test/2008-May/000054.html (May 1): "Everything is pretty much ready for launch, we're just waiting for content at this point. I've got 8 quad-core boxes working feverishly to transcode the videos I have already into several formats, which is about 50% of the videos that will be there for launch. The other 50% is hopefully on its way soon, and we're good to go." This should be intuitive to CS people. You spend your whole life packing stuff into memory. Eventually it gets too large for your RAM, and some of it gets swapped out to secondary storage. ;-) Tis the season... As I recall, way back before we had social news, mailing lists (even the most technical) would end up filled with political discussion in the runnup to the US presidential election. Because even if you're a geek, you're affected by politics. And even if you're in the Antarctic, you're affected by US politics. I'm guessing that's not going to be the best job ever. Maybe it's Second Life stigma, but I don't think so. I'm not a big fan of Mr. Gillmor, but some of this was nearly cogent, and even funny. And it seems to me, the fact that friendfeed is entirely parasitic makes one wonder how it can survive once it actually starts to compete with the sites it aggregates. Of course the same thing could have been of google once upon a time. "Perhaps" is a good word. Not to be snarky, just that the result is still in doubt. You have to be large relative to the sites you're aggregating to "drive" traffic. There's one rather large difference between Hacker News driving traffic to Techcrunch, and FriendFeed driving traffic to twitter. Hacker News doesn't actually scrape techcrunch or get it's content via an api. From a practical viewpoint (and this is why I used the word parasite - not to be pejorative, but to indicate that FF is entirely dependent on its hosts), Friendfeed could be shutdown tomorrow by the sources. If they're using APIs, then just about every api out there is for non-commercial use, and if they're scraping, then an appropriate robots.txt, backed up by IP blocking and lawyers, does the trick. I wondered about that too - so I googled it. "free and open source software, also F/OSS, FOSS, or FLOSS (for Free/Libre/Open Source Software)" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FOSS I find this article to be interesting in light of your comment. It's about 20-somethings scrimping, working crappy jobs, lots of sacrifices, just so they can live in NYC: http://www.nytimes.com/2008/05/25/nyregion/25scrimp.html I'm sure that it's a quality job, but most people are more interested in a quality career, and they generally perceive that not too many quality careers happen in rural Kansas. Not that aren't any, but there are probably exponentially fewer than in the nearest large city.