I strongly suspect that there are some experiments that can be done similar to the Cavendish experiment which could prove the Quantized Inertia theory, and might even get a share of a Nobel prize. They could be done in a garage, with some cheap electronics, servos, and a raspberry pi or two. The Amp Hour Electronics Podcast - all things electronics Business of Machining - CNC machining as a business Cortex - CGP Grey and Myke Hurley discuss productivity Hello Internet - CGP Grey and Brady Haran The Joe Rogan Experience - Long form interviews, typically 3+ hours Making Sense with Sam Harris - Talk about the meaning of life The Unmade Podcast - Brady Haran and Tim Hinde discuss ideas for podcasts yet unmade FPGAs have the wrong architecture. Routing fabrics are a premature optimization. They need to be a 2d array of 4:4 look up tables. One bit in from each cartesian neighbor, a latch, and one bit out to each of them. It's turing complete. You alternate the latch clocks, thus preventing all timing issues. The delays are predictable. You can route almost trivially. You can route around defects. You can prove that programs will work as designed. See my rants for the last decade about "Bitgrid" if you want to know more. If you have a symmetric grid, you can quickly rotate, flip, and otherwise transform the program. Since all the outputs are independent, you can have computation in a cell that has results flowing into the chip, and back out to the edge at the same time. Delays are simply a matter of counting how many cells a result passes, and thus a good signal to feed to an optimizing algorithm. Just because something "has been done before" doesn't mean it's not useful now, the context has changed. Electric cars were once the default, and then internal combustion took over... and now they are back... but the were definitely "done before". Bulk computation is what we need. The maximum use of all of the transistors in a chip, at the minimum necessary clock speed and voltage to get the job done. Delays don't matter at all if you get a result each clock cycle. If you had a systolic array that was generic and routless, you could very easily compile (at run time) the filter coefficients directly into the logic, updating as you go. I'd feed inputs from the left, passing them through towards the right, then reflect them back in a manner that would keep timing right. Sums would accumulate and appear as outputs on the left. If you clocked the whole array with a 2 phase clock, you'd get an answer out every cycle, once all the pipelines were filled. Delphi was amazing. The best GUI builder I've ever seen, fast as blazes... then Borland went bust, and it got killed by being priced into obscurity. What if we just took a bunch of old steel I-beams, cut them into sheets, ground and polished them flat, then scanned with a scanning tunnelling electron microscope and looked for evidence of interaction with dark matter? You could run an experiment with observations going back to the production of the steel... 100+ years of data at the get go. Consider this: Every day that Tesla, and the electric car/solar future is delayed, is another $5 Billion of revenue for the oil and gas industry. There is a strong incentive to spread every possible bad news item about Tesla for all the people in that industry which comprises 2-3 percent of the world's GDP. In fact, if you see light from 10 billion light years away, as far as the photon is concerned, it just left, traveled for zero time, and hit your eyeball. I'm amazed that it's less than a picojoule to do an 8 bit add. Most of the transistors in a modern computation environment are just sitting there waiting to be touched by an instruction (far, far more transistors in RAM than in the CPUs, overall).... computing prematurely optimized on the wrong architecture.... there's still a lot of room to grow, speed wise. It is possible to make secure operating systems, doing so has been discouraged since the demise of multics. A sense of futility is now endemic to the Information Technology community, because they think such a thing is impossible, they won't even try, and actively deride anyone who states otherwise. The security research required to build multi-level secure operating systems was completed in response to information processing requirements during the Vietnam conflict... there are multiple models which work... none of which are implemented. It doesn't have to be this way... look up capability based security. That was interesting, but I need to let those things sit for a day or two and stew in my brain. The frequency at which an MRI works is directly proportional to the strength of magnetic field,all the way down to that of the earth's magnetic field. The downside is that sampling time is inversely proportional to frequency... which makes getting high resolution at low fields impractical. Seems like he's made some trade-offs and likely some better signal processing to help make up for the lower field. I'm fairly certain I could explain the whole thing, all the way down, to any sufficiently interested person. I'll never forget the day that my chemistry professor explained how a transistor worked... no quantum mechanics required. Sure, I'd have to look some details up, but if I can learn it, so can you. So, if I understand this correctly... Gaussian Processes are a way of trying every possible function to fit a set of data points, being constrained a bit more with each new data point. All neural networks in the list, given sufficient size, are essentially Gaussian in their behavior, and thus share the same features and limitations. Right? Google Picasa - A photo organizer that works offline, and lets you run facial recognition on your photos to organize and tag them. It has a bug, and sometimes gets labels swapped if you have more than one in a photo, which then metastasizes to corrupt the samples used to compare new photos against. It was awesome, and now it's gone. The fix is described at .." rel="nofollow">https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... . it was simple, but elusive because of unsafe assumptions made in the name of performance. "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." The fix was to undo a seemingly safe performance tweak... From https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." I did too... but plowed forward with a project in Python... until it stalled.... took about 20 hours and re-implemented it in Lazarus/Free pascal, and haven't looked back since. It's not quite as solid as Delphi was, but then again I don't have $5k to dump on a compiler right now. I wrote a co-operative multi-tasker for Turbo Pascal 7, back in the day. I needed to be able to pipe things between a few filter routines, and it helped make everything work. In the middle of compute heavy code, you sprinkled calls to "Yield"... and it worked. The article seems to be gone from the website... but my standard diatribe could still fit... here's the tldr: Current OS designs can't protect themselves because they lack "capabilities".. a concept created to solve problems during the Vietnam war, perfected in the 1970s and then forgotten by almost everyone... except a few folks, some of whom are at genode.org I was hoping to find something I could use on my PC, only to find it is a service, not an RSS reader. I used to use Turbo Pascal, then Delphi long ago... both object oriented, and useful as heck. These days I'm getting warmed up to Lazarus/FreePascal, as the Delphi price hikes killed it as an option. I have no idea what a "factory" is... and hope I never find out. C++, C#, etc all are too darned fixated on proving how clever the programmers and language designers are.... meanwhile we just get stuff done in the Pascal world. It's the C that's the problem. That sounds like a really bad idea. Eventually you'll consider the SVN stuff to be lost, and it'll be impractical to import it later. As all the responses show, that history has real value.. you don't want to lose it. And if you can't afford Delphi, Lazarus is okay, not as well documented, but works well, and the price is right. ($0.00) I wrote an application that we sold to clients in TP. I implemented a set of libraries to do forms based editing, a cooperative form of multi-tasking, and the ability to pipe text between those tasks. It was a lot of fun, and a bit mind bending to have a function return from the spawn call twice. 8) that was not expletive-laden it was not a rant he sounded pretty calm, but annoyed to me. I have a friend who used to work at IBM... and does Model railroading... there could be an interesting intersection there. 8) This could be used as a combustor in a turbine engine, increasing efficiency by a few percent... which could save huge amounts of fuel. The idea of hiding all the icons when not on the screen surprised me... I've been using computers since 1979, and never thought of doing that. I do like his point about the increasingly small and easy to miss targets that GUIs have been forcing on us... especially now that my laptop has a 1920x1080 display and a crappy NO BUTTON touch pad. (more than 1/2 of the time I get a right-click instead of left-click!) If I could somehow activate a menu with maximum 8 choices in each keyboard direction (that are NOT subject to automatic moving around, so that a given motion is repeatable)... and cascade that as many levels deep as required.... I could get a lot more done, a lot faster. It was worth the watch time, thanks! I had the job of repairing some of these. They were made by Westinghouse in 1964 as part of a control system running an 6 stand rolling mill. The nice thing about them is you can have several inputs, all electrically isolated from each other (separate sense windings) and they worked all the way down to DC, which surprised the heck out of me. The driver was a 10khz square wave, so the frequency response was DC to 1khz... fast enough for control loops. The only thing missing from modern pascal (Lazarus/Free Pascal) is first class support for the new types such as lists, generators, heaps and other goodies Python and it's kin bring to the party. I needed to pull a parameter from a string yesterday, reached back into my archives, and with a little bit of work... 28 year old code did the job. (Strings have changed a bit since MS-DOS) Wait, there's a timer involved? I always ignore those. Our Chicago area group (APCU) is down to about 50 members, and we meet virtually thanks to the mismanagement of the plague here in the US, last time was a Zoom call. The hardware has gotten reliable, and even the software isn't so cringy as it used to be. Gone are the days when we started each meeting with "Microsoft Bashing" just to get it out of the way. So there we were... expecting a + or - on the test... we got a vertical bar | and a 2 day wait because we were in the middle of nowhere... Yellowstone. Sproutlet is 14 now. 8) Prediction: In the next few days, the NSA/FBI use their trove of data to track down all of Antifa, and make arrests. It lets the Democrats off the hook, lets Trump say "law and order", lets the NSA keep it's toys, and the risk of civil war drops a bit, increasing National Security. They could even frame Iran or North Korea in the process. Bonus points for the Military Industrial Complex. Not this old sysadmin.... count slow when waiting to reboot cable modems.... or you have to wait and do it again. I have Schrodinger's Covid... it's possible I had it, or not... and may never know. I tested negative once, but those tests are only sensitive to ongoing infection. I had co-workers who definitely had it. I've been short of breath ever since. I stayed upstairs by myself for a month, and then had a boatload of tests. Never had a fever, and things only tasted weird for a day. I've had a f*ckton of tests, including a probe in my heart... so I'm not likely to just drop dead. I'm left with "it might be asthma" or reconditioning. By the time all the testing and resting was done... after 12 weeks I was finally clear to go back to work... and laid off 1 hour later, over the phone. The last few days, has been worse than the new normal. Right now I'm a bit dizzy just sitting and typing. My pulse and oxygen levels are normal, though. It hurts to breath in deeply. I have a close friend with an almost identical symptoms and history. It really sucks not to be able to even go to the store without coming home and needing to rest for an hour or two. I feel like I've aged 10 years in the past 6 months. All the focus on the dead ignores the side effects, which are going to hit this country like a hammer because leadership failed to contain it, and now we've got almost 1/4 of all the cases in the world. Stay home, wash your hands, and wear a mask. The alternative is common words meaning different things, depending on field or specialty. Case in point: Entropy Universe: 50 / Sim Level: 13 Paperclips: 153,625 It told me many things I already knew... but it enabled me to summarize them in a new way. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter,etc.. all exist to sell your attention to advertisers. This means they want to keep you on site for as long as possible. The algorithms used find the nearest rabbit hole, and gently push you in that direction. The hole might lead to a new skill, just plain fun, or could be horrible for you and society. They don't care about the effects, they only care about the profits. Evil isn't the intent, it's just the side effect. I've always had an interest in Forth. It's a very powerful tool that I just never got the hang of. When OS/2 was still young, and Microsoft hadn't killed it off yet... I was told that you couldn't write assembler programs in OS/2.... which I took as a challenge. Forth/2 was the result. Under OS/2 V2 it generated native code, and actually got quite a few users once Brian Matthewson wrote a manual for it. These days, I wonder if it's possible to run Forth inside a VM as the operating system. How hard would it be to stand up a networking stack? I have an older friend who has always wanted an "atomic clock", and he bought one off of e-bay, an HP-5061b.... it almost worked right. Between the two of us, we got it working, and tuned to the right Zeeman frequency. Once we got the hang of repairing them, two was even better.... we put each one into the XY channels of an oscilloscope.... the pattern never shifted over hours... so cool! The optical clocks and optical frequency combs mean there are devices that you can buy, with internal atomic clocks, that are effectively Frequency Counters, for blue light... that read down to the Hertz! I want one of those when I'm older. ;-) In mainframe operating systems, you give a process a virtual disk, and some I/O channels. The process has zero access to the rest of the system. A modern system needs to do exactly the same thing, use Capabilities to specify access a virtual machine has, and default to nothing else. On a datacenter scale. As a present day Lazarus/Free Pascal programmer... I found this dive into history interesting. I had an almost allergic reaction to the idea of not type checking everything at compile time, but I do see how in some cases it can help if that is postponed. What was REALLY interesting to me was the idea of objects as processes, and passing messages instead of function calls. The machine I'm using to type this has an 8 cores, and I can see that thousands are on the way eventually. Hanging on to programming models that only execute serially will become very time prohibitive in the near term future. The idea of immutable variables always struck me as oxymoronic... but if an object is always resolved by id or name each time it is used, it resolves some rather nasty deadlocks, while allowing failure to be recovered from. It seems obvious to me that I'm going to have to give up the ability to know exactly how variables are stored, in order to gain this flexibility. It seems like it will be worth the trade off, as compute cost declines, and communication costs remain relatively constant. There is much in this to ponder, thanks for sharing. Bad choice or no, the language is appropriate... Constants should remain constant at runtime. Variables should be allowed to vary. I don't see why people think immutable strings is a good idea, for example. How do you ever build a text editor, if the strings can't be edited? Ward Christensen, who was working for IBM in Technical Sales support at the time, heard it at work. I have no idea what the heck is going on with objects in C++, it makes no sense to me. The model in Delphi/Lazarus/Free Pascal has always seemed quite natural to me since I first encountered it. I could have used that book back then. That was life before Amazon and online searches ruled everything. If it wasn't at Borders or Barnes and Noble, I didn't know about it. I used to build software, back in the days of MS-DOS... wrote it all in Turbo Pascal, used pkZip to make archives of the source code every day, saved them on floppy disk. Towards the end, Windows was starting to be a thing, but I didn't have to deal with it. Delphi was fun. Then I was a system admin for about 2 decades, and only occasionally did I do the odd bit of programming. I took a detour into making gears, until the plague hit. I've had a side project for the past year, Initially I tried to do it in Python because where was a good charting library for it... but it turned out that building a GUI for the user was an exercise in masochism. There just was nothing like the interactive GUI builder in Delphi that I could find for python. After months of banging my head against the wall.. it worked, but changes that should take 30 seconds were taking 20+ minutes because I had to tweak all the python code for every little change in the GUI. I tried out Lazarus/Free Pascal, since Delphi is out of my price range.... it's buggy... but it took a pretty intense weekend, and I had everything replicated, and the pace of development went back to reasonable. The focus on C++ and the weird class factory thing, Java and the madness there... so much wasted time and effort when things USED TO BE BETTER. GIT, on the other hand... is awesome.... way better than ZIP files. 8) It took a while, but GUIs work much better for users, and they are almost trivial to build in Lazarus. You can bang out a CRUD app in a few hours. I tried diving into the source code, and immediately ran into something new :: everywhere and starting googling.... Namespaces?!? - Looks like a solution in search of a problem. The whole point of object oriented programming was to prevent reaching inside of objects from the outside, thus making then implementation independent from use... Namespaces seem to break that. Like leaving the cover off a machine so that you can push on one of the relay contacts by hand. C, C#, C++ feel to me like Greek all sorts of keywords that make no sense, and random !@#$%^&*():"<>?[] everywhere Somewhere at the top of all that code, there has to at least be one actual pointer variable where you keep track of the last revision, isn't there? If someone has Linux, wouldn't they just run FreeDOS in a VM? Why would someone choose such a stupid name then? It's "for Linux"... which means you already have Linux, and you want to run DOS in a sub-system (a VM) How did you know he was polarizing? Did you know why? Did you care? When someone gets labeled "polarizing" I tend to check it out and decide for myself, because those are the people with the most interesting ideas. Well, they managed to suppress this for 31 years so far. I wonder what other things are hiding in plain sight. The original results were replicated.... they couldn't reliably, or easily be replicated...turns out cramming deuterium into a palladium lattice isn't an easy peasy way to get fusion without a lot of experimentation. There was way too much money invested in hot fusion to let even the possibility of an alternative progress. There was plenty of replication, it just wasn't published in the "peer reviewed" journals that are supposed to help advance science, but work against it these days. When is the last time leaving your keys in the car caused your house to suddenly slide 10 foot southwest? When is the last time you flipped a light switch, and suddenly your pool disappeared? Have you ever had French doors appear in your dining room because of a "Windows Update" on Wednesday morning? Have you ever had to wait for half an hour for your house to boot later on that same Wednesday? When is the last time you closed a door, and were killed by a hailstorm of bowling balls? At least with a light switch, you know it's very unlikely to cause structural issues, or plumbing issues, or drain your bank account. Computers are singularly horrible in the ways things can fail. In wiring a house, there is a built in assumption that something could go wrong and disrupt the wiring. That's why we had fuses, and now circuit breakers, grounding, ground fault interrupters, metal conduit, etc. All of these serve to limit the side effects of faults. When you turn on a switch... it's part of a circuit which is current limited, and in fact there are several limits on that current, all the way back to the source... each designed to protect a link in the chain. Each of those breakers limits the capability to source current further downstream. When you run a task in any modern OS, it runs with the full privileges of the user id with which it was launched. This is like hooking a generating station directly up to your floor lamp in the living room with no breakers. If the process has a fault, there is nothing the Operating System will do to prevent it from being used to subvert other parts of the system, there is no limit to what it can do. There are systems that require you to specify how many resources a given task is to be allowed to access. It turns out that such systems can be just as user friendly as the ones we're used to, but they do require things be re-written because the ground assumptions in the security model are different. Capability Based Security (also known as "Multi-Level Security) was born out of a need to have both Sensitive and Secret information shared on a computer that scheduled Air Traffic during the Vietnam Conflict. (If I remember the situation correctly) The flights themselves were sensitive, and the locations of the enemy radar were top secret (because people risked their lives spying to find them). It was extremely important that information could not leak, and solutions were found, and work! About 10 years ago, when I learned about this, and considered the scope of work required to make it available in general purpose Operating Systems, I estimated it would take 15 years until the need for Capability Based Security would be realized, and another 5 more or so until it was ready. I think we're on track.... 2025 people will start adopting it, and 2030 it will be the defacto way things are done. Genode is a long standing project to bring this new type of security to the masses... I'm still waiting until the point I get to play with it... and have been for a while. Things will get better... these types of tools, along with "information hiding", getting rid of raw pointers and other clever but dangerous tricks will help as well. [Edit: Re-arranged to clarify, and improve flow] Just trying to make analogies people can understand over the years. The current state of computer security.... is like building a fort, out of cases of C-4 explosive. How so? Almost every program has bugs, many of which can be exploited remotely. It is effectively impossible NOT to have a zero-day exploitable hole in any given computer. Thus, every single computer can be exploited... and then used to attack more computers.... in a chain reaction.... like a fort built out of C-4. If scientist makes claim that X sometimes happens... and then researcher Y repeats the experiment, and it happens a few times, but not always.... or not at the same frequency... far to many people say the replication has failed... instead of digging further. There were many such incidents where the stated effect happened only a few % of the time.... but not zero. But, it wasn't 100%...so it got ignored, or rejected. I am enlightened, and all of that doesn't apply. I see myself as a marketer of some ideas, nothing more. When the conversation happens to run into them, I offer my ideas, and handle any questions about them that might arise. I hope the ideas will spread, and eventually be reified into code, and make things better in the long run. No delusions of glory, profit, etc.... just a slow but determined push to make things better, eventually. I once had a job like that.... and it crushed me, but I didn't realize it at the time. I was the sole IT guy at an event marketing company... when I started, there was plenty to do, I kept a running log in Word so I could find and fix things that happened previously... it was great, and I felt good about it. Over the years, less stuff broke, so I started some projects to fix things and make stuff better for the users... but didn't have good enough people skills to get buy-in and navigate around the day to day needs of everyone... so they got shelved more than once. Also, because I was the sole IT guy, I was frequently interrupted, which kills flow, so I eventually stopped programming, and just started stalling until quitting time. Towards the end, I'd volunteer when ever things needed to be done, like data entry when we had surveys to type in, etc... but I spent all my time waiting for things to break, trying to be super helpful, and waiting for the inevitable axe to fall. 15 years, a long run, but it is now 6 years later, and I still have trouble even starting things. Please don't let this happen to you. Before I stopped reading, there was an example of a button being pushed... but there was no actual trace of a button being pushed... just lots of words and descriptions, which killed it for me. I just want to see what I'm getting into, not a vocabulary or jargon lesson, at least at first. That would lead us to then wonder why it was done that way, etc... and drive interest. Cosmic rays hit things at ground level at an average energy of 4 GeV, about 1/cm2/min according to this source: https://cosmic.lbl.gov/SKliewer/Cosmic_Rays/Muons.htm#:~:tex... . This is also loading up deuterium in a metal lattice, getting fusion, and wondering how to commercialize it. Yes, we have been since 1945, when the first persistent existential threat we created ourselves first arose... Nuclear Weapons. Now, we have the added threat of Genetic Engineering, the second existential threat we created ourselves. All of our Institutions have an embedded growth obligation they haven't been able to meet since the 1960s, which lead to their being run by people willing to fudge the truth to keep the illusion of competence and power going. We're on the edge of the abyss... and many people don't even realize it. Use cheap (above, but close to zero) to liquify air, store liquids in one set of tanks, store the heat in salt solution in another.... there was a recent story about a company that was getting 60% round trip efficiency.... they could store energy at the rate the compressor worked.... I imagine getting energy back could happen quicker. With large enough tanks, it's not unrealistic to imagine storing 5MW-10MW for several days worth.... so about 50-100 MW-hour. STOICAL does networking, and a whole lot more... but it looks like it hasn't been touched since 2002. 8( http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php The point of the film is to warn that the main goal of a social media silo is to extract maximum attention, while externalizing all costs. They don't care if their platform gives rise to another Stalin and Hitler, as long as it helps the next quarter's numbers. Any gain you get out of the platform is just their cost of supplying bait to get you hooked. The algorithms deployed serve a simple purpose.... find a rabbit hole near where they measure your position in the space of ideas... and tilt what you see towards it... then measure how long you stay down there.... optimizing for maximum time in the hole. The solution is simple, switch to systems where you decide what you're going to pay attention to. RSS, Blogs, human curated communications. You might still fall into a rabbit hole that leads to extremism, but at least there won't be a billionaire incentivized to push you into it. Society, on the other hand, and normal social pressures, should be sufficient to help you find your way back out. Can confirm... I wrote Forth/2 for OS/2, it was a hoot once I got it working. 8) It looks like I might be resurrecting "STOICAL", which was targeted at Linux, for Windows... http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php It would be nice to see it run under Linux... the C source looks too much like typical "be as clever as possible" macro magic, which my non-C adjusted brain can't hack. I'll re-implement in either assembler, or free pascal. The reason is that STOICAL implements types, arrays, and dictionaries in what seems to be a quite reasonable and sane matter. It does type checking when you want, and seems like it could do object oriented as well, if I can push it that way. Since SMS is the only non-phone-call protocol my phone supports, I can't see switching to anything else any time soon. Remember how there was a thought experiment where you couldn't tell the difference between accelerating at 1G in an elevator, or being in a 1g gravity field? If the elevator is more than a few CM taller than the clocks, now you can. Bolt one to the floor, the other to the ceiling. If they run at the same rate, it's 1g acceleration. If there is the predicted difference, you're in a 1g field. Forth seems to be a write only language, I'm not sure if it's the reverse polish stack oriented structure, or the lack of modern things we're used to like arrays, procedure calls, etc... STOICAL seems to address all of these, but it's written in dense C code that I can't make heads nor tails of... but the ideas are really, really attractive. http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php The stand out features for me 'string puts a string on the stack (along with a type flag for string 'cube : dup dup * * ; is how you would define cube, which is a bit different, but not a huge shift He's got ways to do types, dictionaries, arrays that also look like stacks... all sorts of magic including networking! How much of it could be crammed into something that boots inside of a VM? I played with that long, long ago... I thought it was so damned cool that the machines had a built in Forth. Thanks! Lazarus/Free Pascal is another example of a language still very alive, but not growing like crazy. I intend to scrape my way to 3 surface plates, instead of lapping. I have 3" and 6" cast iron bar stock cut offs that I picked up for this purpose, along with Prussian blue, and something that should work as a scraper... what I don't have is a brayer, but I'm told you can improvise with a rolled up and tapped shop cloth. Wyler makes inclinometers that are accurate enough to measure the change in angle of a surface plate directly. It's amazing technology. Here is a YouTube video from 2011 that talks about how they were developed. I remember that I was watching videos about surface plate calibration, and this came up. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0doCHgJa3Ps If you grant no permissions ever, by default... you don't even have to worry about anything other than the permissions you gave. The challenges to doing this are three fold 1. Operating Systems like Linux, Windows, etc... aren't designed to do this, and can't without a design change. 2. Applications need to be reworked a bit so that they are given file handles instead of telling the OS what files to open. It can looks the same to the user if done correctly. 3. The adoption curve is long on this one.... but systems like Genode are getting there... I look forward to using it sometime in the next year for experimenting. Bear in mind that temperature changes may unevenly affect the plate if the material isn't consistent. It's unlikely but possible. Consider that most efforts are on slowing spread, not eradication. This is a bigger problem than most people realize. Does this mean the US needs way more CEOs and Board Members than it has, and the sky-high compensation packages are evidence of this as well? No, programmers are underpaid, deliberately. We just had a story all about it. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24689582 It has been suggested by Eric Weinstein that the H1B visa was deliberately designed to cap wages of PhDs... this is a side-effect. Google falls down flat unless you know "magic words". Example... let's say you want to be able to mark up a web page to highlight some aspect of it, like using a highlighter on a newspaper... you can't google hypertext markup... you have to go for "annotation" Growing Google-fu is like getting good at smelling bad code, it takes experience, which you get via frustration and the application of gumption. As a result of a few recent Forth threads here, I first heard of STOIC on September 29th. (1 Week ago) Intrigued at the novel way it addressed the shortcomings of Forth which limited its use... I tracked down STOICAL. It really got me motivated, and I decided to download it and dive in. At that moment, I had almost zero of the specific bits of knowledge required to make it work. I only used Linux sporadically. I never programmed in Linux. I actively avoided C for the last 40 years. Yet, I dug in. Last night I got it compiled enough that it now starts up, and then hangs. This is a vast improvement from 2 days ago. I now have WSL installed, with gcc, automake, and all manner of stuff required to make it go. I still use Notepad++ and windows to edit the source (as the /home/mike folder is visible as a network share) I've even got git/github going. I know I'll get it up and running in short order. Then I'll start banging away at it until it matches my ideas of how it should work. My goal is to produce a Forth-ish compiler that doesn't get people intrigued but then run out of steam. STOIC checks all the boxes, it's Imperative, Structured, Object Oriented, Functional, Concatenative and HomoIconic. And right now.... it doesn't even boot... but it will! That's programming! We just need to give the money to the people who actually create value, and the imbalance will sort itself out. Fair market capitalism is way better than the "Free" market. I'm a mapper http://wiki.c2.com/?MappersVsPackers I hold many ideas, some of them contradictory, in limbo in my brain until they match up with others, and my map of the world gets a bit larger and better connected. I strongly suspect you are a packer... and wow, that's a lot of work. My approach to getting a skill is to dive in, recklessly, and pound away, until I've beat the technology into submission, and it does it exactly what I want, how I want. I strongly suspect this approach wouldn't work for you. (Unless you did it a lot, and become a mapper if that is even possible) You can immediately help yourself, right now by being aware of the true nature of "free" services. Awareness is a great first step. Next comes actively managing your intake of information, by doing a bit of curation, instead of letting someone else's algorithm do it for their profit. For example, if you're using Facebook, you can use ...book.com/?sk=h_chr in a web browser to show your feed in fairly strict reverse chronological order. Youtube subscripts work the same way. Sure, it's ok to just let them feed you cool stuff when you're tired... like junk food, a little is ok. When you post, do it in more than one place. If you haven't already done so like a decade ago, start a blog, and post the insights you've found and don't mind making public there, don't worry at all about hits or traffic... it's a diary you can search or refer to later instead of saying the same thing over and over. Cross-posting is a low effort way to avoid disruption should a walled garden implode. You've already written the post, why not copy/paste it elsewhere and tweak it slightly? Survivalists preppers anticipate the collapse of society... Internet Survivalists anticipate the collapse of walled gardens, and plan appropriately. Words all have uncertainty baked into them, as do the interpreting of pictures.. but when you use different media to reinforce each other, it seems to greatly help. I like the fact that as I got the point, I found I could skip the details, just read the headlines, and look at the pictures... and then slow down if there were something import and read the text again. The loading times, though... they suck. Combine this with the new File Access API, and you could actually build a self hosting office suite in a few pages. Well that sucks... our IBM PC user group will have to find a new way to deal with email. By now we're probably small enough just to CC: everyone and not count as spam. One of the things he mentions is a chapter in Henry Ford's Book "Moving Forward" about the very practical need to be able to measure to a millionth of an inch... I highly recommend reading that chapter http://gutenberg.net.au/ebooks17/1700321h.html#ch14 The average Apple user is trapped. Apple runs an ecosystem that enforces obsolescence at an obscene rate. In a few years, they won't be able to get apps or system updates, and their battery will begin to be insufficient. They will then face a choice of "upgrade", or the conversion costs of escaping the system, which can be extreme. I've got a variety of strategies, that include I have a never ending list of bookmarks in Chrome that sync I also never clear my history I have a personal Wikidpad I never clear my history on YouTube, or elsewhere. If I see an interesting video, I subscribe... it's easy to purge later. You never know when "Impulse Manufacturing Laboratory at Ohio State" is going to come up with another way to use huge current spikes to join dissimilar metals together, for example. I used to use delicio.us, but they went away. I cross post to facebook, twitter, reddit, blog. All of which can be searched. I blog interesting things, so that others, but mainly me, can find them later. That has got to be the best compression of a deep neural network that I've ever seen. ;-) Given the physics of the landings that SpaceX does... they really, REALLY need to be sure of where they are landing, one digit off in coordinates, or altitude..., or sign of lat/long and all that stuff goes to the wrong people. From up stream in the comments, one was launched 31 years ago... so yeah, this stuff could stick around a while. I already have Universal Paper Clips addiction. I guess this will go along with it. I'm looking forward to the day Genode brings capability based security to the desktop. We can actually have computers that don't turn traitor at the first string buffer overflow. I want computing as secure as when we had MS-DOS and floppy disks. You knew what disk (and therefor what data) you were risking at any given time. You could write protect the OS. We can have it back... it's a matter of time now. I think that one of the primary reasons things have stalled is the fear we all carry around because we don't have any decent operating systems. With MS-DOS you could copy the OS disk, write protect it... load up any random piece of shareware and just try it out. There was zero chance it would toast anything, and you might find a gem. We don't click on links that go to web sites we don't trust. We don't open email attachments, we're paranoid... because our operating systems weren't designed for the age of the internet. Quicksort isn't O(n), as far as I know, the best you can do is O(n log(n)) Implies isn't something I've ever had to program... and it took me a moment to figure out that NOT B implies NOT A, which is interesting... but I don't see how it's useful. The lower costs of living in the suburbs are one of the many reasons people commute so far. So, by the same logic, they should be payed less. Even with insecure/imperfect hardware, if the OS does its job, nothing gets to the point where it can exploit the odd corner case. Everyone knows about network effects. Nobody thinks about the security of the users. None of our computers are secure, we all know that. We won't click on links to unfamiliar sites, or open unexpected attachments. There is safety in sticking to stuff that is centrally moderated in terms of just plain malware, if not politics or decency. Why do they keep breaking things? Don't they understand code doesn't get maintained at this rate in the real world? You write the code, and it should just keep working, like infrastructure. It's only when you have water gushing out of the ground that you worry about a water main... not because some plumbing supply company decided that certain types of plumbing suddenly don't work. Things should last for lifetimes before they break, not 12 months. I think he had it right... the thing holding most people back is fear, most of the time. It's only after you get past the fear, does the need for more resources come into play. "Incremental Computing" - A new term for me... I figured out how to do it a few days ago, after seeing this reference to MetaMine on Reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/j94lgd/metamin... In Metamine, = signifies Equation, a persistent assignment. Any update to the value on the after which any change to the value results in all dependent values being recomputed. := signifies a standard one shot assignment. The runtime behavior is easy enough to implement, less than 100 lines of Pascal. I worried that the code for a language that supported it would be unreadable, like FORTH, only worse. Imagine if Excel spreadsheets were plain text source code. I think the best advice is to keep posting, with no attention to schedule, but only when you have something insightful to say, and are willing to take the time to edit it down a bit. The original idea of blogs was longform twitter... which didn't work out so well. Long ago, I wrote a database program in Turbo Pascal to browse a 300k text database under MS-DOS. My search function took about 30 seconds or so, if you hard a hard drive. I was challenged to make it faster... I got it down to 3 seconds, in the days of 286s. I believe I could now get it down to 1millisecond on my laptop using the techniques shown. This hack amazes me. Long ago, in the mists of time, (1987) I wrote a program that worked with hand held computers, barcode scanners, and was meant to be run by folks working in a power plant. I wrote the code, and got it working in about 2 months. It did everything in the spec, and the customer (Russ) loved what we had, but it turned out (of course) there were many things missed in the spec. A week or two later, we worked out a deal for all of their power plants, provided I would work with Russ to make sure it did everything they wanted... it would take about a year, in the end. Russ taught me everything I needed to know about users and how they think, in a direct and very effective manner. He was the assistant plant manager, so he would pull a random person into the office, and say to them "I know you're not a computer person, I want to you to do X,Y,Z... but don't worry... if anything goes wrong, it's not your fault... it's Mike's fault (Russ points at Me). He then tells me to just watch... It took exactly 1 minute to learn the first lesson... there should always be "Press F1 for Help" somewhere on the screen. It was a very instructive and productive year. I've carried those lessons from his forcing function with me for decades. I love telling the story, thanks for listening. I would like to know the effect of age (specifically if the photos were taken before we reached about 15 years old and really started to watch the outside world) on predictions. The Einstein photo, for example... I knew he died in the 1950s, but I wasn't sure when.... but the audience was mostly Black, so that pushed it forward for me into the 1960s... without those clues, I would have been more wildly guessing. I tried really hard to ignore the monochrome/color aspect... it would be really nice to know how far off I was on each after the fact. I can see why it would take 5 meter dishes to uplink to the satellites... but if you just need to measure the positions of the satellites, can't it be crowdsourced? If you have a few dozen people with fixed ground stations, rubidium clocks, and persistent internet, they could help out quite a bit, couldn't they? I'm very glad fewer people are dying, but Most people didn't die with Polio... they were somehow crippled for life... I suspect the same is true with Covid-19. We need to eliminate it, not manage it. As an old person (56), it seems to me the error limits are fairly symmetric, and my brain isn't really going to just quit any time soon, which I find quite reassuring. Now if we could just get doctors to stop assuming that the declines I've already experienced are "normal", the rest of you might have a nicer ride up to my age, and beyond. One ground station can't measure position of a satellite, it takes at least 4 in 3 dimensions, all with synched clocks. I assumed (perhaps incorrectly) that knowing the true positions of the satellites was a problem due to lack of receivers, not really a problem of uploading. I looked right past it... oops I've got a set of folders, backed up on an external drive, a server I just built for our family, and soon (and again) on Backblaze. All of my photos and videos are in a folder of the form \masterarchive\source\yyyy\yyyymmddd The camera puts things in folders, I put those folders in as subfolders. Long ago, I lost the best portrait ever of a friend because I saved the 1/4 size over the original.... so now I ALWAYS save files with a new name before doing anything else in GIMP, etc. Google's Picasa was awesome until they killed it, because it did facial recognition... but the last version has a bug and gets confused if there are multiple faces in a photo. 8( Digikam also does faces, but the UI is weird, and it just quits way too often... so I'm looking for a better manager. I'll probably suck it up, and fork over the money for ThumbsPlus again... I like it, even if I can't afford it right now. Why can't they increase the energy levels inside the existing tunnels? It just requires stronger magnets, right? Someone will figure out how to make 1000 Tesla electromagnets at some point, and it's off to the races again. Without the need for more construction. My understanding is that is true of Electrons, but not Protons, which is why SLAC is a straight line, the only way to get electrons up to high energies. [Edit]Wrong! Turns out protons do emit energy as well... up to 6.7 KeV per turn. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchrotron_radiation Any object the same density as the surrounding medium should be much harder to detect via this method. Submarines and blimps should be safe for a while. Programming without destructive updates works because it makes explicit the data flow in a program, not because destructive updates are bad. The newspapers ignored the internet for far too long, then they hid themselves behind paywalls, further lowering their power, and now are becoming irrelevant. The problem for us is how to we replace this part of our sense-making mechanism? On top of that, anyone who does start making sense to a lot of people can be dropped into the memory hole by the technocrats who run the platforms. I think this could be quite powerful, it'll get gamed, but most of the time it won't. Is there a version of this not behind a paywall? One of the examples of "Long Lived Institutions" popped out at me... "Con Edison" - founded in 1813 Thomas Edison was born in 1847, and didn't form Edison Electric until 1878 So, it's just one company buying others, at least in the US... nothing lasts that long here. Opposite sides of a divide working towards common goals. I had no idea the FBI put that many people into undercover work. There's no reason to think things have changed. The key is to get a minimum viable product done... something that is barely good enough to show someone else, so they can give you feedback, and some encouragement. Use whatever language you want, break it down into small parts, and stub out whatever you can't do immediately. The main thing is to just start coding, once you do, spend at least 10 minutes a day on it. Enough to do a git commit. Good luck! Trolley Problems are themselves a bad idea... the Kobayashi Maru is a similar exercise. I, like Kirk, don't believe that there are situations that can't be worked around if there is time to think, and resources to act. In the beginning, Computers were people who computed things. Then mechanical adding machines came along and made them more productive, but demand kept up. A phase change Then tabulating and sorting machines, along with storage on cards brought formal methods of managing data to organizations. A phase change Then electronic computers were put into place to start to do the computing. The humans who previously computed were in demand elsewhere. A phase change There was 1 programmer... Alan Turing... then 100, then more... the rate of doubling about every 5 years, on average since then. Computers were expensive, and it took time to learn to get the most out of them. Over time, libraries of code began to be commonly used, and operating systems were born. A phase change As the price of computers went down, and the amount of programmers and data went up, there were punch card operators, who transcribed handwriting to punched cards. The computers still required maintenance, tubes to replace, circuits to adjust, etc... they were kept away from everything else in their own rooms. Operators were the priesthood that emerged to care for them. Every new computer was faster, but incompatible... requiring frequent rewriting of applications to be compatible with the new systems. Most programs had a life of less than a decade. Then IBM broke the rules, and the 360 could run 1401. Backward compatibility and legacy code were born, a phase change. Programmers didn't need to rewrite code, but by accident this created the Y2K problem. Online teletype printers and time sharing allowed programmers and users to directly access the machines. Cardpunch operators were no longer needed. Programming got a lot faster, and complexity went up. Then Minicomputers came along, and were easier for end users, another phase change. Then Microcomputers came along, and everyone had their own computer... you needed about 1 Administrator for 20-50 PCs, to fix the problems, and keep things going Then things got more reliable, and went to the cloud, so administrators got outsourced, another phase change What makes any of you really think that there won't be another phase change? The reason there aren't many old developers is that every 5 years the number of programmers doubled.... so most have less than 5 years experience. There are about 120 times more programmers now than when I started, 7 programmer doublings ago. We may, or may not, have a phase change that devalues programmers, developers, devops, architects, whatever you care to call yourself. I myself did programming, then electronics technician work, then 15 years as a sysadmin, then 5 years making Bevel Gears....now I'm diving back into programming. Why not just eliminate Sole Authority? We should never be one mistake away from Armageddon. I suspect the trend is due to less face to face social interaction, especially fewer conversations. When we converse with other people face to face, their expressions give us additional clues to their intent, which helps boost our learning rate of vocabulary and expression skills. If you were to have digital natives write the tests instead of those of us from before the internet, they results would likely be inverted. There has been a permanent (unless the net goes away) shift in the way people receive information and store it, there is no need to have long term storage of facts in one's head... google is always there. There was an interesting comment on /. years ago I can still recall... but young people would have to have it stored in a personal information store to be able to do the same thing. It took me WEEKS to find it again, even with strong google-fu... but the kid with the PIM would have it (unless of course it got censored into the memory hole). IQ tests don't measure IQ, they are a reductionist fantasy. I have Lazarus up and running... it's currently taking 32 Megabytes of RAM. It compiles in the blink of an eye, has one of the best possible 2 way GUI builders in the open source world, and I can reach back 30 years into the libraries I wrote in the days of Turbo Pascal 7/MS-DOS and pretty much use them intact. It amazes me how many people went with the .NET bloatware and all that follows it. Of course, 95% of programmers out there are newer than me and don't have knowledge of this type of efficiency to compare against. I don't understand the details of the the math, or PyTorch, but do have the strong sense that this will yield orders of magnitude efficiency improvements in training and applying neural networks. It would be quite a stretch for me to use this against MNIST, but it might be worth it. I think a hybrid approach would work these days... because pointers are 8 bytes long, and you need a few of them just to make a node... perhaps all chunks less than N (200ish?) bytes long could be stored flat in the node? Also, it would be good to store both the Byte Count, and the Character Count, now that we have UTF-8, etc... and ensure characters don't get split across nodes. This would give us structures that work well in multi-processor environments, due to the immutability and lock-free nature, handle Unicode in a sane and safe manner that saves a lot of headaches, and does small common operations in a fast manner saving many pointer operations. I'm confused Why would someone both give up the ease of use and power of VB6 and/or Delphi / Lazarus, and want the bloat of Java, .NET, C++, etc.. that just complicate things for no good reasons? It's like the programmers of the world went insane somewhere around 2002. What are reasonable times for completion of each of the tasks? My rusty Lazarus/Free Pascal coding times so far are: 1) Counter - 10 minutes 2) TempConv - 30 minutes Code is up on github: https://github.com/mikewarot/7guis The only tricky bit I see is expression evaluation in the spreadsheet, the rest is straightforward. I never thought about changing it until just now. Courier New 12pt. Interesting idea, I'd just go with a simple HTML file myself, with just links and images, but no CSS or formatting otherwise, should be good enough for almost everything. Gravity storage converts work to potential energy, and back, efficiencies can be 90-almost 100%... heat engines at room temperature generally top out in the 35%ish range. Using the "waste" heat improves that, but nowhere close to 90%. Strings... which kind? Nul terminated, Pascal Strings, ASCII, UTF-8, UTF-16? It turns out that strings might not even be the best way to handle text, ropes look better. (A different thread here on HN) We got close with COM and Windows... as much as I knock Bill Gates, at least he managed to push the clipboard into everyone's toolkit. Imagine if that hadn't happened? What might be possible is to tweak the clipboard a bit to allow the user to set a clipboard boundary in the same manner, but handle the I/O in such a manner as to make it a universally agreed upon object type that can update, and serve as a persistent resource identifier. (Think Ted Nelson's Xanadu) Someone has to show this as a working concept in an open source project, and then some other open source project has to integrate it. Back in 1980 my Science Fair project was a class-D stereo modulation system.... ah, memories. If there were a way to tag cells in a spreadsheet such that input and output cells were known, refactoring tools could be brought to bear that aren't otherwise possible. Imagine a variant of Basic that did that... like VB/Excel, but far far better. I like the possibilities this opens. My understanding is that history is about to repeat itself, there are vast areas under unsustainable irrigation... when the water runs out, it'll happen again. Explicitly tagging cells as I/O would remove all ambiguity that otherwise has to exist in any given spreadsheet. Knowing what could/couldn't me moved by tools opens a lot of possibilities. In fact, you could remove all non-IO cells to a list of formulae, to be editable in an IDE. I hope that makes sense. I'm no DSP expert, but I did run into a problem in GNU Radio which I think applies because it happens to floating point numbers in general. GNU radio has a component called "DC Block" which has a length of N samples... it averages those samples, and subtracts that average from the input... giving an output. If you exceed the dynamic range of floating point by mixing inputs of lets say 1e12 and 1e-12... the filter can develop a permanent output bias. The reason is performance... the samples are stored in a ring buffer, and they subtract the value when it leaves the buffer, and add the new value as it goes it. This is N times faster than adding up all the values, and subtracting. However... this bug can happen. I suspect you have similar behavior occurring due to the smaller coefficients at the tails of the function. That's my 2cents, I hope it made sense, and helps explain what you've encountered. If you're interested in this topic, and want to play. I highly recommend GNU Radio. It lets you build flowcharts that can actually do I/O with your soundcard, as well as File I/O, etc. I find that NH is a great jumping off point for adventures I didn't even know I wanted to take. For instance, in this story I learned that some people can down-vote, and a lot of work is done in the background to keep goofballs like me from derailing things. I too would like to thank the moderators. Further, and more interestingly to me, I learn that HN is written in a LISP variant called ARC... I've never understood LISP, and especially never thought that anything useful could be built with it... at least at the subconscious level, yet I know AutoCad and Emacs are built around it. I have similar feelings about Prolog, which I tried once and just didn't grok. Is there an IDE for lisp? I tried Portacle, and my experience was utter frustration. Once you go astray, there's no way to know what is going on. It threw me into so sort of debugger, with no obvious way out. Lispworks looks like exactly what I want, except it seems to be in the Delphi business model, thus I can't afford it. DrRacket looks better... but it doesn't seem to be lisp? I thank you for the lifeline. If only Borland had made TurboLisp back in the day. Xilinx makes FPGAs, not GPUs. The advantage of an FPGA is that all operations take place at the same time in hardware. Verilog is one language that I would expect strong support for... they do mention RTL, which does many of the same things. This is not a general purpose programming environment, it is more of an data flow / filtering system. There is no allocation of memory, thus no need for garbage collection. I've been strongly interested in computational fabrics for at least 15 years... this looks interesting, but very, very locked down. It is my understanding that FPGA vendors have fought the open source community every step of the way. I would hate to see the future of computing locked up in a new spiffy prison. This is a new class of devices that couples fast SSD storage directly with an FPGA. The types of computing that can be done in an FPGA require a new style of programming, because in an FPGA, programs get mapped into hardware, such that data flows through the chip, with all of the code running at the same time, instead of in sequence. There are large differences in the style of programming required to get efficient use out of an FPGA... there are some ways of translating C that work, but they are crude crutches at best. This is like going back to the early days of computing, when the new machines were expensive, but very fast... and programmer time was relatively cheap. It's going to take a special new breed of programmer to make this really work well. We're at the beginning of a new era. I hope that makes sense. I don't really know what this would be good for on a personal computing level. I'd do a lot of things with digital signal processing. If you had a large set of videos, and you wanted to stream a down-sampled version on the fly, the FPGA could do that type of thing, easy peasy. We're at the stage where there is maximum possibility, and minimal legacy to worry about... like the early days of the PC. I have a 1,000,000,000 byte file on my Optane SSD, and it loads into RAM in about 4 seconds, with zero tweaking, under Windows. The thing is wicked fast, even on a consumer laptop. Intel didn't sell the best of their SSD tech, just the lower end stuff. Capability Based Operating Systems, such as Genode will allow the deployment of systems that stop many classes of attack by simply not trusting applications, with a default deny instead of allow for access to resources. Reconfigurable Computing, such as FPGAs and more homogeneous computing fabrics offer a way around the Von Neuman bottleneck. Reactive programming, like Verilog, offers a way to utilize FPGAs and multiprocessing in systems that take full advantage of thee available hardware, and route around Amdahl's law. I also came here to post that... the inclusion of a humidity sensor makes for an amazingly better Microwave oven. Who cares about the User Interface if it can do things no other microwave can, I'll put up with it. Imagine finding a base microwave that works, adding the humidity sensor, AND a thermal camera of some sort... you could bring food up to temperature and hold it there. The tricky bit is shielding the camera from the RF field. I found the game quite interesting, and unfortunately nausea inducing.. 8:30 to get all the orbs. Long ago, I did this. Pick some distance X which is from 1 to 2 to 4 to 8 to 16... to 1024... 1/3 of that distance is almost exactly 10, there will be some approximation involved. If you pick some given resolution limit, it could all be done by hand, but would take quite a while. I'm a Pascal programmer, so I come from a different heritage.... anytime I go to look at OOP in C++ or Java, etc... I see a fog of things about factories, and namespaces, and far, far too much code just to set up objects, which are glorified data structures with the code that manages it. I strongly agree with your conclusion that Composition, Interfaces, Aggregation, and Delegation are the real value in OOP. They all play very nicely together. Composition avoids the need to restructure everything into a single hierarchy. Interfaces make it possible to separate concerns, which lets you treat each library as a black box. Example: Imagine the electrical breaker panel in your home. The exact principles that cause the breaker to trip are irrelevant, nobody cares if it's thermal, magnetic, hydraulic, or whatever new tech comes down the block... all that matters is that it does the job in the described manner. It meets the goals of its interface. In hiding implementation behind the interface, you fend off premature optimization, and stave off technical debt by keeping things small enough to refactor at will. It is this standardization that allows you to add a Ground Fault Interrupter to a box that was designed before they became available. Aggregation is how you can have a series of fields in a form, all of different types, yet it all is a form. If one of those fields has a list of strings... nothing breaks, and you don't have to re-arrange everything to make it work. Example: Your breaker panel has any mix of 120 and 240 and GFI breakers, some even do 3phase power. Delegation is how the fields in a form let the details of where on the screen, and how to resize, just work. Example: Your breaker panel has X number of slots, provides a UL approved housing for them, with a reliable User interface. OOP isn't the problem, the teaching is. The solution is obvious, build a better platform for connecting to friends and families and things you find interesting. Support the fact that we all have multiple identities and personas and roles in the world. Support the fact that any given piece of content can be judged in an infinite number of dimensions... not just a few emoticons. Especially relevant these days, truth, politics, humor, cute are all orthogonal. Let the user make up their own ratings. Support the fact that we don't want to share everything with everybody all the time. In fact, we don't want any new friends to automatically be able to dig back decades to stuff we shared with our friends back then. Do NOT ever show me a photo of my dead pet, friend or relative in order to try to get me to recycle old posts. If you really want to be ambitious, support capabilities... so I could give you a pass to look at photos of a project I'm working on, and you could forward that pass to whoever, and they wouldn't even need an account to see it... the pass is the key. The pass could be revoked at any time, if abuse happens. Just some ideas... I'll build it, if a sufficiently large interest appears. [Edit] Bonus points: Build a set of APIs that allow it to be accessed like imap folders are in email... with a number of clients and a federation protocol. I like the point she makes at the end... if you don't know how to do the glue work, communicating effectively, onboarding others, etc... you're not well rounded... and shouldn't be promoted until you learn those skills as well. >"I think this is exactly the controversial part. If the person manually gets some data and documents how to get the data, that's not writing code. That's understanding how to use a system, and can be done by an L1 or L2 tech support person." Why would you stop a step short of writing code to do it for the customer? That essential time spending now to save many future hours is the root of why we code, and defines being a programmer, in my opinion. As a follow up, I wanted to know what clever mechanism was used to generate the divisions on slide rulers... I figured someone, somewhere and a linkage that used the fact that the derivative of ln(x) is 1/x... nope... they used a big cam. Relevant articles: https://sliderules.lovett.com/cookiedev/extendeddisplayartic... https://sliderules.lovett.com/cookiedev/extendeddisplayartic... Also, not actual a logarithm, but a wicked clever hack: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_logarithm That's very insightful.... I think the term Engineer is used rather loosely when applied to programmers... now I get the difference. Writing the code is the easy part, knowing what to write is the skill, thus Engineer. In the old days, we wrote blogs, and got replies days, weeks, months, even years later. The feedback cycle consisted of your readers, who you also read, writing replies... a modern version of letter writing, but in public. It worked well, in fact it still works well, but it's not twitchy enough for modern tastes. The downside of the modern system is that the attention economics encourage hot takes, and the advertising economics encourage pushing only content likely to promote engagement, at the cost of reverse chronological order, and a full feed of everything you thought you signed up to read. Because people are encouraged to act rashly, history in those types of environment is a mine for seeking out poorly thought out statements. It's built into the system. The technical fix offered here is to erase history, which makes everyone effectively anonymous, as they can say what the want, causing real world effects, and the evidence disappears after X amount of time. Do we really want to make twitter and facebook even more like Lord of the Flies? There are other ways to deal with this... limiting the audience of one's words to only the friends you have at the current time, and making that stick for all time, is the way to go, in my opinion. If someone isn't in your audience at the time you express a thought, they never will be. It's fairly easy to implement this with the addition of starting and ending times for access.... if I add Bob on November 17, 2020... the default might be to give access starting a Month earlier... and never ending... until it is revoked. Here at HN, wiser people than me set up a system that seems remarkable resistant to "first post" pressure, and more rewarding of reflective contemplation that will stand the test of time. Twitter is going to see this new "feature" heavily used to game a lot of things, once people catch on. I think this is one of the best visualizations of I/Q signals I've ever seen. The idea of negative audio frequencies takes some getting used to, but works out very well in some DSP systems. Negative frequencies are like when a 3 phase generator runs backwards... everything plugged into it also runs backwards... the sign of the frequency tells you the direction of rotation, and the frequency is the speed. If you had 2 antennas 1/4 wave apart, and used them for I and Q, you would then be able to tell which direction the signal was coming from along the I/Q antenna axis. With 3 or more antenna, you can determine compass direction of the source. The same is true for 2 microphones, at any frequency where the microphones are 1/4+N wavelengths apart. Google search has dropped so much in quality, that it's almost down to where it was before I switched to it. Altavista, Dogpile, InktoMe are no more, alas... I guess I'm going to have to use Bing or Yandex fairly soon if the trend continues. Good news, you don't really have to do the math to get an intuition of what's going on... which will likely get you through it. Try out GNU Radio... you can just use your audio I/O instead of messing with RF, etc. Build a few graphs where you use complex signals, multiply them together, etc... and you can get the hang of it, for no $$ and only a few hours time. I tried pulling a C program from 2002 into the present world, it was a nightmare. C assumes word size, Macro functioning and the libraries are all radically different, it wouldn't even compile. C is definitely not portable. I had some Pascal code from 1994, when 16/32 bits ruled the world, I compiled/ran it in 64 bit glory, I did have to take out the one assembly optimization I wrote back then. If there were Lazarus/Free Pascal for the new Apple Silicon, I have no doubt that code would work there as well, with zero changes. Why would a programmer ever worry about "ownership"? I've never had to do that. >Then you haven't ever written a line of C/C++ I presume? Correct... I'm a Pascal programmer. I create objects when a program starts, delete them at the end. I've never really had any of the pointer problems that seem to plague C/C++. There is plenty of idea space to explore in programming languages. ColorForth, for example... lets you do some of the work a parser would do, at edit time, by adding additional attributes to the source. Verilog, Ladder Logic, and Register Transfer Language all allow the programmer to specify a flow of logic and expressions that is always running, instead of a flow of instructions that we're all used to. Mixing this paradigm with the traditional code we're used to offers powerful possibilities. Transforming spreadsheets to a set of statements that are always executed, and vice versa could be fruitful as well. I'm trying to imagine when I'd worry about ownership. The only thing that comes to mind for me is having to provide buffers for string results from OS calls, etc. In Pascal, you can return a string, assign it, append it, etc.. and never have to allocate/dispose of them... its taken care of under the hood by automatic reference counting. I'd really like to understand this... what specific type of thing were you doing when you found yourself longing for an ownership system? [edit] It occurs to me that anytime I have objects, they eventually trace their ownership to a single global variable. Perhaps that has something to do with this? That makes sense... thanks! So, in general, if something is too big to fit to easily be copied, or stored in a single variable of known size (like strings, dictionaries, lists, trees, etc.) its either GC or ARC to the rescue? Wow... that's quite a bit more than Garbage collection... thanks for explaining it. In electronics, we call it Breadboarding, and the results are expected to be temporary by all involved. Breadboarded circuits generally are not stable over time or movement. I learned machining, and made gears in a production setting, mostly straight bevel, but some spur, helical and internals. I also did thread milling. Shifting from computers to a job shop gave me great insight into the needs of industry, previously my work was in only tangentially related IT. I started learning at PumpingStation One, Chicago's Makerspace, it turned out I really like turning metal into finished pieces and piles of chips. My nickname was "Metal Mike", I became the area host, and when a member's Dad needed someone to make gears, no experience necessary, I jumped at it, at age 53. If you bought a Marvel 18" bandsaw between 2016 and the spring, odds are I made the lower bandwheel that drives the blade. I learned that making things with a precision of about the thickness of a human hair is relatively easy, in quantity. I know more about gears and gearing than I ever thought I could know... and that was only scratching the surface in 5 years. I will try hard not to assume something is easy in the future. Since then, I'm trying to catch up, I want to go back into Programming, which I did before being a system admin for 15 years... my last major code was in Turbo Pascal for DOS. I did little side gigs, learning GIT, Python, a bit of C++/Arduino, MySQL, etc. I've been reading everything I can, subscribed to /r/pascal, /r/programming and /r/programminglanguage on reddit where I answer a few and mostly read questions. Hopefully, I'll be able to start earning a living in coding again soon. [Edit] To answer a downstream question, we have a child, you have less free time, but more inspiration. The Russians are using thermopiles driven by radioactive decay, not actual reactors that go critical. Such devices are indeed quite stable for decades unless they get targeted by scrappers. A few hundred watts from a large RTG is a drop in the bucket compared to the power required to keep a base going, so those aren't applicable. If you need a transmitter or relay station hundreds of miles from people to run for years without fueling... RTGs are an option for governments. Well, that certainly is an interesting boot disc. 8) > Knowledge steadily accumulates over time. No, it doesn't. Only knowledge that people consider to have value will be retained over time. Many things are lost to history, for example.. nobody knows how to make cobblestone. (Or so I'm told) In the United States, cobblestones were manufactured large blocks that were impermeable and very durable. Streets were paved with them. Here in the Midwest, far away from the granite blocks imported by ships there were companies that made additively "cobblestones", with their names on them, in my walkway there are such stones made in Attica, Indiana. The knowledge of how those were made, is apparently lost. Those things are tough like you wouldn't believe. Make - as in mold and fire in a kiln... with ingredients upknown. I've been a ham since 1979, and I think this he is right on target. Software defined radio, and DSP in general, is revolutionizing what you can do in a small package. I've never been one to sit and talk for hours, though I do think it is neat on those occasions when you can talk around the world. I was always into the more technical things, like Fox hunting, and building gear. We need people pushing the limits of technology who aren't just doing it for profit , and that's where the amateur really shines. Doing things just to see if they can be done has a rich and rewarding history, and I'd like to see it continue. A few months ago, I used a $25 dongle, GNU Radio, and made a VOR receiver, for the heck of it. VOR transmitters are used in aircraft navigation, and I can now firmly establish that I live EastNorthEast of the nearest VOR station to me. ;-) In the US, at least, you can listen to almost anything without a license... I understand it's not always the case around the world. To transmit in the US, you need to study and pass an examination to get a license. There are volunteer examination organizations that will perform the test, there is an FCC fee involved. One such group is http://www.w5yi-vec.org/ Software defined radio makes it possible to receive 25-1300 Mhz for about $25, via a USB dongle, and open source software. I'd really like to see evidence of this... if you bury wires directly, the voltage will speed corrosion to the point you won't have wires after a few weeks at best. The gas dynamic laser has been capable of operating as a megawatt CO2 laser for decades. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gas_dynamic_laser The technology was invented in 1967 and the patent granted in 1974 https://patents.google.com/patent/US3801927 I can't find the reference offhand (Google isn't what it was), but the idea was to use the population inversion present in the exhaust of a jet fighter as a megawatt CO2 laser. I would like to store ALL actual text I ingest from the world, it wouldn't be that big. It would be immune to the unreliable nature of the web. I'd trigram index it as it went in to enable better search. (I read somewhere yesterday that's the way to do it) I'd also like all the audio and video I hear/see to have a transcript of any spoken words, with a recording, and timestamps. Video is huge, so that would need to be managed a bit. Given these requirements, I can see a need to start riding along with Moore's law again. Text is well within our capabilities, we can't read that fast, so it should be quite feasible to store it all. The need for more storage and processor than my laptop has comes in to play with audio and video, especially transcription and storage. Having stored this content, I want to be able to search it. I want some form of content/sentiment analysis to allow search by concept and association. I also want to be able to rate it, not just in a single dimension, but in an arbitrary number of them. Something can be funny, insightful, literally false and metaphorically true, a bit racist, somewhat political, and in English. The thumbs up/down or limiting to a single 1-10 scale works well for forcing into a single database field, but not for actual real world use. Every single piece of stuff fits into multiple orthogonal hierarchies, you can't store that information in any single rank system without information loss. As for sharing, it has to be something I pay for, or host myself, with possible federation. Ads corrupt. --- Implementation - The first step is to simply tap the stream of web traffic I see in the browser, and train a classifier to recognize text/not text. It is important to link it back to the source. Once I have a reliable stream of text, I think the rest starts to align. Breaking HTTPS seems to be the way to go. https://mitmproxy.org/ It's open source, and handles that issue. It could spit out logs of everything. In the civilization that existed before the cataclysm that marked the end of the Younger Dryras, these were the equivalent of Turners Cubes. These were passed down by the remnants of that civilization, along with stories of the flood. Here's a nice relaxing video of someone making a turners cube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw3GzqgWg-8 Chains stretch, thus any sprocket system will inevitably end up concentrating the load on the last link or two of contact. There are systems that actually could produce less friction, however they can't handle ANY contamination, thus ruling them out. Your best bet is to look elsewhere. I would try reducing the contact friction as the links engage. To do this, I would recommend using BAM coatings on the chain and sprockets. It has lower friction than Teflon, AND is almost as hard as diamond. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aluminium_magnesium_boride Only registers that are orthogonal to each other should be counted. RAX,EAX,AX,AL,AH can not be independently varied, and thus should only count as 1. Good point, but they are both part of AX and up, so I don't think they should count. How ironic that they blamed the fries for raising cholesterol, when it was probably the Coca Cola. https://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/news/20100420/high-sugar... There is no algorithm for truth. It is my strong opinion that what we have here is a programmatic version of Clever Hans, picking up the subtle cues the authors put in their test data. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clever_Hans Solar powered engines have been around since Mouchot had the first models working in Tours in 1865. The fact is renewable energy was always a choice, just not the cheapest in the short run. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augustin_Mouchot WOW... thanks for sharing that. 18 years later and it all still holds up, and imparts wisdom. That was a fun diversion, thanks! Not only is web scraping in danger, the trend towards HTTPS makes it harder to log traffic, and manage the flow of data to/from browsers on your own computer. The moderators here keep the signal to noise ratio higher than almost anywhere else on the internet. I've learned a number of things here, and I try to add value to the comments, though I don't always succeed. Read as many of the articles as you can, even if they don't seem interesting... the titles never convey the whole story, and the good ones are sometimes things I'd automatically skip if it wasn't for the discussion. [Edit] I've been here since February of 2019 >Overall I think it allows you to find "positive" distractions - yes you will come here to deliberately kill time, but more often than not you'll have something to show for it. Yes! If you're going to spend time in unguided leisure reading, why not make it something interesting, and informative, instead of click-bait stuff that rots your mind. 8)