Yes, but if you solve that problem, it implicitly means that you have a fingerprint of me that can be correlated across the web. So, next time I access a different game, someone can know that I'm the same person who bought the original, and perhaps try to persuade me based on that. Whether anyone does so or not is irrelevant - the only way I can try to ensure it doesn't happen is to try to never leak this data about myself. And how are PPAs fundamentally different from downloading a Windows installer from the Internet? If I download the installer from the maintainer's site, there's 0 risk (assuming HTTPS). And the site giving the PPA link is just as likely to be a phishing site as the the one serving some exe. Except browsers will sometimes warn on strange executables, whereas none do on misleading PPA links. > Many languages don't have an IDE. Many are not suitable for one (especially ones closer to Lisp on expressiveness spectrum). This is a minor point of your comment, but I'd like to refute it: Lispers actually often cite IDE integration as one of the great features of Lisp. It may have lost pace a bit with some of the very best modern ones, but Lisps have had "modern" IDEs since about the 70s or 80s, with stuff like jumping to function definitions, finding usages of a function, looking up the docs etc. Even better, this is usually a part of the language runtime (predating most other language servers by quite a bit), so it can even apply to dynamic uses. On the one hand, giving disabled people some activity that helps them be independent and care for themselves sounds great! On the other hand, the idea that this could become a weapon against disabled people (why are you staying on benefits? go out and get a job for yourself, you lazy paraplegic!) is... scary. Especially given that it sounds mostly like a marketing gimmick, and that the very thing allowing them to interact with the world is not their own, but property of the store owners - i.e. they can't take the robot and move to a different caffe, they are tied to the benevolence of their boss. Overall, this is much more distopic than utopic, and should be discouraged in this form; but the technology is interesting and could be an asset in the lives of many people. The problem is also that Lambda works really poorly with anything that is NOT Cognito and DynamoDB. For example, we were using some CouchBase we deployed ourselves - however, that meant that the Lambda now had a network interface in a private subnet, and start times skyrocketed, especially for concurrent access. When we also started doing our own authentication with yet another Lambda, request times for cold lambdas (which also means every new concurrent connection, remember) almost doubled. There's also the fact that most of the code isn't really gone, it's just transformed from web server logic to lambda deployment/configuration logic. The biggest win all told seems to be security - at least with Lambda you don't need to worry about staying on top of OS updates and the likes. I'm not at all convinced that we gained much of anything else. Oh, and one thing that's rarely discussed is how much development&qa costs skyrocket when you have a larger team developing a fully serverless application, each with their own setup and running a few performance tests every few months... 10 things Jefferson would have thought about Lincoln! You won't BELIEVE number 7! > composing tiny bits is always good, whether it's unix commands, lisp functions, or forth words The problem with this type of thinking is that "composing tiny bits" is obviously good to anyone. BUT there are vast differences between composing unix commands and composing lisp functions (and composing tiny JS libraries in NPM etc.) and some of these are good, while some are not. It's actually very difficult to properly create a system out of composable, re-usable components. I would actually say that Unix pipes are a particularly bad model of how to do that (as are NPM micro-libraries). No well-defined interfaces, arcane naming etc. - they are all reasons why most modern versions of these tools have grown and grown. There's a wonderful quote about things like this in the Unix Hater's Handbook: > However, since joining this discussion, a lot of Unix supportershave sent me examples of stuff to “prove” how powerful Unix is.These examples have certainly been enough to refresh my memory:they all do something trivial or useless, and they all do so in a veryarcane manner. The problem with this line of thinking is that everything we do in our lives, especially rational thought and communication based on it, pre-supposes some sense of free will. In particular, it is well known that if you don't believe in any degree of free will, the stranger quantum effects (or basically any kind of statistical thinking) can be ignored - if the experiment to be run is itself pre-determined, then hidden variables that correlate the behavior of the experiment with the 'decisions' of the experimenter can't be ruled out anymore. Perhaps more fundamentally, if you believe that there is absolutely no free will, then of course this conversation is essentially pointless, eve though we were forced into it by the big bang. While being low-hanging fruit, these things are also fully irrelevant. If the entire world stopped using them tomorrow, it would barely be a blip on any climate model or ocean pollution model. It's actually due to the undecidability results that there can't be a general algorithm to predict the result of any algorithm. If the problem were merely NP-complete, it would mean that, as far as we know, it would take a very long time to do it, but it would still possible. Well, if you had generics, you could do that. Without generics, you get to either (a) write an efficient method that merges 2 lists of Foos, which is not really package-and-reuse material, or (b) write a horribly inefficient method that merges 2 lists of some interface type, forcing your users to copy their data to new slices every time (since an []x is never an []y). Faced with these 2 wonderful options, most people simply decide to copy or write again the same piece of code... Go's big advantage over other memory managed languages is the very low overhead of its runtime - a hello world Go app is probably less than 5MB on disk with all dependencies, and takes up less than 5 MB of RAM. This is absolutely wonderful if you want an architecture of many independent containerized apps, especially with something like Kubernetes or Docker Swarm. Compared to that, the smallest Java container on the classic Docker repos is about 90MB in size and takes up a few tens of MB RAM. Apparently there is a new Java project [1] floating around that is promising a way to use Java exactly in this use case, but I haven't played around with it. [1]: https://quarkus.io/ If we want to avoid the worse effe ts of climate change, we need to do something at the level of industry, not consumers. As individuals, that means we must focus on political efforts, much more than personal efforts: vote for a 'green' candidate even if you stand to lose from their financial policies; convince your friends to do the same. Call your representatives when green laws are voted on. I'm not saying it's bad to do the small things. But it is bad to assume that if only everyone did the small things, the world would be better without having to do the big things as well - it wouldn't. As long as industry continues to be as wasteful as it is, as long as we continue to transport goods over the huge distances that we do, as long as we still grow the huge amounts of animals that go to waste, we are heading for catastrophe regardless of our everyone's individual actions. That could work, but it is painfully slow,and it might as well backfire - making people live worse lives so that they might be politically motivated to make industry take some of the brunt is not an obvious next step. Also, any reasonable changes to your personal buying behavior, and absolutely everyone on the planet's as well, assuming 0 changes in, say, industrial fishing dumping practices, will produce about a 0% change in ocean plastic pollution. I know Go encourages copying code, but that is a well known anti-pattern in all other language communities,one of the few with some research behind it (as someone else mentioned, basically the only quantitative science we have on software engineering says that more code implies more bugs). The idea of []Eq sounds nice, but again, the problem is that I can't pass an []X to a function that wants an []Eq, I need to build a new array and copy all my elements over. This is correct from the type-theory point of view (as slices are not covariant) , but of course Go doesn't offer anything else that would be more user friendly and still correct, such as a covariant read-only slice that we could use instead. Hey, I said 'over other memory managed languages'! I really wouldn't compare it to one of the tiniest languages this side of asm. I also think Forth would be a harder sell in a corporation than Go. Or C++. Or ASM, probably. > Heck, the author praises Rust and it's memory safety, but then proceeds to criticise Rust compiler because, as he puts it, the compiler will stop you from doing unsafe studf again and again. Isn't that the whole point? Or is anyone expecting that your memory corruption problems will magically cease because you write your same old memory allocation and access bugs in Rust instead of C or C++? I think the biggest problem with advanced type systems and complex compiler checks is that they are only desirable when you know the code you're writing is the the right one. A lot of the time, you're exploring a solution and don't care about edge cases, since you're not sure you've even found the right happy path. At this stage, you don't really care if your code is handling all required inputs, if it doesn't have leaks etc. - you just want to run it and see whether it at least sometimes produces the right output. At this stage, you're often fighting the compiler. Once you know that you're on a good path, then you start caring about safety and all the other bits, and the compiler starts becoming a trusted friend. It would be really interesting to have a system that supported both modes, e.g. starting from Rust but setting a flag to turn borrow checker errors into warnings or something similar. I'd bet that would change many people's perspectives, like the author of this article. I don't have a problem with strong types, I agree with you. Dynamic types are usually too much hassle even for prototypes. I was talking more about stuff like Rust's borrow checker or dependent type systems. I never said anything about a release - I'm not even thinking about code you would commit. I'm talking about the kind of coding where you're exploring a new feature on your own machine - essentially doodling in an IDE instead of on paper. It makes no sense to me to make such code 'correct' - I don't even know if its useful to any extent, why would I care about its correctness? What exactly is crazy in the GDPR? To me it seems like minimal common sense: If you are collecting data about me for your own profit, you should ask me if I'm OK with it before collecting it and you should be responsible with how you are storing it. To have any hope of enforcing this, I should have a right to ask you what data you hold about me and I should be able to withdraw consent if I no longer like your practices. Businesses that only make sense financially if they can gobble up user data without their consent and sell it to third parties should not exist, just as businesses that can only work financially by not paying their workers should not exist. What of this is crazy? I can't comment on the parts about psychiatry and recreational drug use. However, machine learning and other AI technologies have nothing to do with the study and understanding of the human mind at this point, beyond a very vague metaphor. While in theory AI could have been explored as a science, trying perhaps to simulate human or animal thought processes in hopes of understanding them and perhaps coming up with useful abstractions that could help us reason about them, the field has never really evolved in that direction. At Apple's level, they're probably only concerned with these amounts like that famous government spending admonition - I understand it's just a billion dollars, but a billion here, a billion there, soon we'll start talking about real money. Minor nitpick: URLs do tend to be used with the larger scope first (i.e. /resource/child/subchild). Domain names are the odd exception. The only science we have at the moment whose area of expertise covers this issue relevantly is the somewhat dubious social science, which has been researching the issue and has some amount of consensus on it. Is true that the social sciences are relatively weak compared to things like physics and even biology. But that doesn't mean we should wait for the physics community to reach a consensus on transgenderism, any more than we should wait for the biology or neuroscience communities. It's a separate area of knowledge that we just don't understand yet enough to have the amount of rigour about that we expect from physics. That doesn't mean that our attempts in this direction don't qualify as science,or that the consensus of the social science community can't be called scientific consensus. Yes, but the range of what 'static typing' means is so large that it is meaningless in this case. C is statically typed, and so are Java and OCaml. So is Idris. Of these, only Idris' type system has any power to model truly interesting properties (though the cost of doing so, in program complexity, is huge). Otherwise, even something as simple as rejecting `add(x, y) return x - y;` as a well typed function is beyond all of the others. No, I'm saying that there is no way to encode even such a simple property as 'addition of two numbers produces a bigger number' in the type systems of most languages out there (including stuff like the ML family), which is probably why (non-dpendent/linear/other advanced) type systems have never been shown to improve program correctness the way other formal techniques have. Even simple type systems help in other ways (ease of development, documentation, performance). Well, not ones as efficient as the one showed here, since those can't be expressed in the language as it currently stands. There is a misunderstanding here: the 'COPY FROM ... PROGRAM' command, according to both the vulnerability and the postgres article, only allows running commands as the OS user running the server process, NOT a superuser (also, Postgres won't start if you try to start it as root). The confusion probably comes from the notion of a 'database superuser' - the point is that any DB user with enough privileges to run COPY FROM ... PROGRAM can also do anything else in the DB, so they are already considered a DB superuser. Quote from the article : > By design, there exists no security boundary between a database superuser and the operating system user the server runs under. As such, by design the PostgreSQL server is not allowed to run as an operating system superuser (e.g. "root"). Well, I was right, there was a misunderstanding - on my part, obviously. Basically, you were discussing a mechanism for allowing non-admin DB users to safely run COPY FROM... PROGRAM? Wait, you're actually serious? This is the man who tweeted 'covfefe' you're talking about... A sentence must have a subject and a predicate, and a verb in the infitive form can't be a predicate (it's usually going to be some kind of complement). 'Fix the bug' is usually taken to be a sentence describing what you meant the commit to do, which is why the imperative is the more likely interpretation. It is completely unreasonable - people are allowed to have dual citizenships, sometimes even by birth. And of course you can follow two sets of laws at once - for example, fundamentalist Christians strive to follow biblical laws and local laws all the time. There may be occasional contradictions, but it's hardly a common problem. It's just so hard to imagine, at least in the current version of the world, a problem for which a distributed trust algorithm is the right solution, instead of a centralized one, probably state-owned if high levels of trust are needed. This is especially true given the advantages that a trusted authority has over blind consensus (e.g. the ability to revert fraudulent transactions). > "heavily leverage parallelism, yet completely hide it"? lazy evaluation? This sound like functional languages. I agree with your general comment, but this statement seems a bit optimistic on the functional languages side. Lazy-evaluation? Haskell does it, but most other functional languages don't. Heavily leverage parallelism but hide it - this is often touted as an advantage of pure functional languages, but from what I've heard, in practice it has never panned out, at least if I'm interpreting it correctly as automatic parallelization. Turns out, while the compiler can prove it would be safe to do so, a lot of the time it would massively hurt performance, and the compiler can't tell when that is the case or not. So, even in a language like Haskell, you still have to explicitly parallelize code, think about chunking etc. And if we stray from pure parallelism and into concurrency, all of the problems of having to do explicit synchronization come back, you just have less to worry about with no(/less) shared state. Funny thing, one langauge that does 'leverage parallelism, but hide it' is x86_64 assembly, where the processor automatically executes (parts of) assembly instructions in parallel, based on data dependencies and available compute ports. Except that you don't have any solution for preventing squatting or other kinds of domain abuse. By design, they place this system above the court system. I'm pretty sure this is only appealing to some kind of anarcho-technologists. Well, an example would be the US in the 50s,60s and 70s. What do you mean by a white list? The connections are coming from local host (from your browser). The fact that they were initiated by code which was downloaded from malware.com is not knowable to docker. How is a completely free market insulated from the influence of marketing/advertising? They are very effective techniques for convincing buyers to choose non-optimal products, and work exceedingly well in that regard. I also think you would find it very hard to point at an example of a working free market that has not devolved into an oligopoly, with no govrnment support at all; nevermind one that has produced large-scale wealth. CORS applies only to JS code - sites can still issue cross-origin GETs and POSTs via HTML, using Forms for example. Not sure whether there is enough control on the format to actually issue a valid Docker request. Still, it's generally a pretty bad idea to have an unauthenticated service running on localhost which can perform arbitrary operations on the system - you're depending on all other software running on the system not to transform that into a vulnerability. What you're saying sounds nice, but it seems to come from a world before Spectre, Meltdown, and all the new discoveries since. These have basically shown that it is impossible to build this sandbox on the modern processors that everybody uses from desktops to cloud data centers. Instead, the only way of having a performant, secure system today is to disable hardware mitigations and ensure you only run trusted software, the opposite of your proposal. The sandbox still helps for other issues (e.g. buffer overflows). Thanks for the link, but it mostly disproves your dismissive attitude: according to the report, posts generated by accounts controller by the Russian company reached 29 million people on Facebook alone (and " may have reached an estimated 126 million people."), with hundreds of thousands of direct followers for several individual accounts. That is not nothing. Isn't C++ committee-driven, which could be considered a type of democratic process? Or would that not be considered an open-source project? On that note, I also seem to remember that LLVM/Clang are pretty democratic, but I haven't dug deeply and may be completely wrong. That's still years after it was pointed out as a problem; and it still hasn't permeated to many Go projects. MongoDB was already AGPL, but that didn't suffice. Amazon simply took the free version of MongoDB, as is, deployed it on its systems in a scalable way, and sold that to customers. They gave the code for MongoDB away, per the terms of the AGPL. Hence, the need for a new license. However, they seem to have kept the deployment infrastructure as a trade secret, and since that didn't interact directly with MongoDB's interfaces, it șes that it really didn't come under the scope of the AGPL. Paper voting is pretty effective at preventing mass election hacking. Software can never prevent mass election hacking, as hardware can always deliberetly miss-implement your algorithm. I'm also curious what is supposed to happen if you go check, and your vote doesn't match. Sure, the government investigates, but, a, why would you trust the government, and b, why would they trust that you weren't simply paid to cast doubt on the election? The point is that those events, in the context of Christian thought, are seen as good - their god is telling his people to clear some unbelievers. Christian dogma maintains that their god and his commandments are fundamentally moral, that they are the very base for objective morality. In Christian thought, by definition, anything that their god wanted to happen is good. Norse religions, on the other hand, make no such claims about their gods. Within the context of Norse beliefs and religious moraloty, Odin has done evil things, Loki has done evil things, etc. That is why, within their own system of beliefs, the gods are morally ambiguous. Well, to be honest, the free press is often its own source of misinformation, often simply parroting the government / big business position, for a variety of reasons - since way before stuff like Fox or Breitbart. There is sadly no simple answer to the problem of obtaining The Truth... It probably depends on the kind of software more than the industry, but in my experience, the unhappy path is usually 'bubble up until you get to some user input', with some careful use of destructors/dispose to undo some complex operations. Exceptions cover this in the best way, since, unlike monads, they actually give you a pretty accurate idea of where the code was when the error happened,whule still playing very nicely with pure functions in the callstack ( which don't have to start adding error handling/logging logic simply because callbacks they use may fail). My understanding is that on Desktops, the default is for Sleep to do 'Hybrid Sleep' - prepare for a hibernate, but sleep instead; if you have a power failure while the computer is sleeping, you should see it waking from. The hibernate when you turn back on, instead of booting from scratch. I know that this was the case at some point when I checked during the Windows 8 years, I don't know if this is still true. In practice, the vast majority of docker containers are Linux containers, so most uses of docker for windows need a Linux kernel to do anything useful. As such, the 'native' docker for windows you linked is actually managing a Linux VM (HyperV or VBox) fot you; the docker server runs on that VM, and the native docker windows binary simply connects to that server. They also do a lot of tricks to connect networking and file shares with that VM. The file shares part is almost completely non-working in my experience, with scary comments in the bugs like 'doesn't work if your windows password contains certain characters' (it sets up CIFS shares between the Linux VM and some parts of your Windows file system). So, not sure what docker for Mac looks like, but Docker For Windows is only 'native' in a very hand-wavy sort of way, unless (maybe) if you're running Windows docker containers. There are costs, and they go up significantly the more sophisticated your type system is/the more speicifc you try to be with your types. The way I see it there are two kinds of costs type systems may impose. Very simplistic type systems, such as the ones in C, Go, and even C++, Java, C#, often force you to write code that is too specific, thus forcing duplication (C and Go especially suffer terribly from not having generics - in Go especially its impossible to write a well typed function that can be passed an array of any kind and return an element of that array). On the other hand, of your type system is powerful enough, you still get a similar problem when trying to write code that is abstract enough to be reusable, but specific enough to be safe. For example, if you were writing code for a physical simulation system, you would want to have all quantities carry their measurement unit in their type, to avoid mismatches. However, you wouldn't want to rewrite maths code for each measurement unit. However, to properly keep track of types in complex maths code gets pretty ugly pretty quickly. For example, a function that wants to compute the scalar product of 2 2-dimensional vectors would only work if the first values of each vector have the same/convertible units as the second pair, in any order (m,s dot s,m should be ok). If you move to matrix multiplication, the types become even more complicated, and this is still very basic algebra. If you want your function to be applicable to arbitrary matrix sizes you're already writing a complex library. Passing dependencies in the constructor is the only acceptable way of having stateful dependencies (like a database or some external services). I am assuming you are against passing things like Math libraries by creating an instance, which I would agree with. The only reason dependency injection gets a bad rep is magical frameworks which obscure the actual wiring and end up causing bigger problems. I don't think I've ever seen unit tests that didn't need to be changed fundamentally to deal with any sort of refactoring more complex than extracting a function. Unit tests are supposed to work with the internals of a module and not just its boundaries. Since refactoring normally tries to significantly change the internals without changing the boundary, it usually also results in a rewrite of the unit tests. Integration tests are the ones that usually help me sleep better after a refactor. To be honest, when you install Visual Studio or IntelliJ, you have all you need to develop code in the language you chose, with 0 extra customization. Of course, some amount of extra customization will usually follow, but that can come after you are more confident with the environment. The same is definitely not true for VSCode, Emacs or vim, though perhaps bundles like portacle can offer a similar experience. I say this as an Emacs & IntelliJ user. Then how would you handle connection pooling, if every class which interacts with the database has its own instance of the database client? Doesn't that just beg the question? If life originated on some other planet and made it to Earth, why did only the DNA-based lifeform(s) make it here? If we assume that different kinds of life based on different nucleic acids can co-exist, then it seems unlikely that a single kind would have happened to be carried to Earth by a natural process. If we assume DNA has some inherent fitness advantage (so that only DNA-based life survived the journey), than we don't need the additional assumption of panspermia: perhaps only the DNA-based life survived some early period in Earth's history. Also, for abiogenesis, given that we still can't reliably reproduce something like that, and that we have never seen new kinds of life spontaneously appearing on Earth, we do have some circumstantial evidence for the possibility that it is an incredibly unlikely event, such that it might have only happened once in Earth's history. Edit: There is also another simple possibility: perhaps given the resources available on Earth, either forever or in the period where abiogenesis was possible, perhaps DNA(+RNA) is the only molecule with the right properties to act as genetic material. Perhaps there is no common ancestor to all life on Earth, but a "forest" of inter-breeding, spotnaneously arisen original organisms, but they were all DNA/RNA-based simply because of the available resources. > EM fields are just about everywhere. They permeate space almost as universally as gravity Isn't dark matter most likely some kind of material that has mass, but no EM interaction? We also know that there are interactions inside atoms (the strong and weak forces) that have no known relation to electro-magnetism, so I'm not sure what you are getting at. Honest question: aren't radio waves "physical objects" that represent oscillations of an electro-magnetic field, to the best of our current understanding? Sharing Excel sheets is extremely easy - you just mail them, or host them in some online place, like SharePoint if you've bought into the whole MS ecosystem like many companies do. Not sure what your point is there. Versioning is of course more difficult, though Excel does support diffing in principle. I expect though that what most people end up doing is simply keeping track of versions manually, same as they would have in the days before excel. Sure, Michael Phelps is extremely talented and physically fit. But do you think he could be an excellent marathonist as well? Or that he could become an excellent sprinter without training for sprinting every single day and (re-) dedicating his life to this? The GP post indicated was mentioning not that raw talent is unimportant, but that it is assumed at the top level. All of Phelps' competitors are extremely talented swimmers. Training and diet and dedication in general are also extremely important, and the final difference may well end up being there (assuming you have enough raw talent). Of course, it is also important to remember the incredible amount of medical technology thrown at these competitors, and the difference that things like clothing can make even for swimming. Why would you need cold fusion? Simply net-positive energy output from a (hot) fusion reactor would do the trick. Of course, there is a risk there that we will hit some fundamental efficiency limitation that simply makes it not worth it. But st least it's not known to be a physical impossibility, like cold fusion is believed to be. In fact, more than cold fusion, I think there is a reason to hope for warm superconductors at some point in the future. My understanding was that some kind of wave-particle dualism was well accepted. It's exact physical meaning may not be understood, but isn't there experimental evidence that photons, even individual ones, behave as waves in some circumstances (as does as any other 'particle', in fact)? I've seen this dualism claimed pretty recently by Leonard Susskind. Sure, they are both, but my point was - if they have wave-like characteristics, they must be a wave of/in something ; if we can have experimental evidence that the wave exists, I would consider that experimental evidence that the field the wave is a wave of must also exist, to the same extent. > In any kind of correct code, the difference between a move and a copy is only performance. If a copy were to happen where a move was requested then the code is just as correct, so I find it strange to get so hung up on it not being “real”. That's just not true when you take smart pointers into account. unique_ptr is pretty obvious, since it can't be copied. But shared_ptr is more devious, as there is a clear semantic difference between giving someone a copy of your shared_ptr vs moving your copy to them. And, given that destructors are often used for more than simple resource cleanup (e.g. they are sometimes used for releasing locks), the difference between a move and a copy can have a huge impact on program behavior. > In the case of your safety check example, it'd be nice if you could mention something concrete so we know exactly what situation you're talking about. There are some well-publicised cases of compilers removing NULL-checks[0] on the assumption that the NULL value can't occur as it would be UB. As another example, the Linux kernel assumes in several places that signed integer overflow wraps, so it is compiling with -f-no-strict-overflow/-fwrapv ever since GCC started optimizing based on this piece of UB (they noticed the compiler behavior change and added the flags before releasing any faulty kernels though, apparently). [0] https://lwn.net/Articles/342330/ But that is exactly how error handling usually works, especially if cleanup is handled separately - you just need to propagate the errors, usually all the way up to the user, who is the only one who can take a meaningful decision. Almost all actual error handling in code is either error translation and re-throw, resource cleanup, or automatic retries (sometimes you retry the same request, sometimes you try a fallback option, but it's still the same idea). The user however may be able to check and actually fix their internet connection, they may fix the typo they did in the config file, they may call support to see what's happening to the database etc. - your program can't do any of these things. That's why exceptions work so well in most languages, especially GC languages where you have dramatically fewer resources to cleanup: they bubble up automatically towards the initial caller, which is often the user. Threading messes with this, but if you use the more modern async style (async/await in most languages) you get proper exception propagation even then. How often do you actually need to handle those errors differently? In my experience, it is vastly more likely that a function which can throw errors in Java looks like this: Stuff foo() throws SameException { return doOtherStuff(doStuff()) } Whereas in Go the exact same function must be written like this: func foo() (Stuff, SameException) { thing1, err := doStuff() if err != nil { return err } thing2, err := doOtherStuff(thing1) if err != nil { return err } } Propagating is by far the most common "error handling" and Go constantly makes you break the flow of the code to do it. The difference with catch blocks in Java, C++ or Python is that you only need to write them when you actually have something g meaningful to do. If you only need to propagate the error or cleanup resources then propagate the error, then all you would write is... Nothing. And cleanup+propagation is by far the most common error handling strategy. In Java and Python exceptions even add context for you automatically to help track down what happened. Go the language is surprisingly complex and error prone compared to other GC languages because of its decision to allow explicit references. This adds an extra layer of semantics to nearly every aspect of the language. For example, the semantics of the for-over-collection statement in Java are that it repeats the block of code, with the loop variable holding each value of the collection in turn. In Go, the equivalent statement also needs to document what it means to take the reference to the loop variable. Composite data types have semantics for taking references to sub-parts (struct and arrays/slices allow taking references, maps do not). Slices and arrays are another complicated area of the language, with gotchas like append sometimes modifying the original array, sometimes not. Regarding splits, you still have that in Go as well - do you use goroutines as coroutines, sending copies of objects through channels? Or do you use them as threads, with shared memory and locking? Do you use the testing package as is, with its lack of any user-friendly asserts? Or do you pick up an assertion library? Do you use raw http,or something la Gorilla? Sql or some ORM? Do you log to stdout, or do you pick up a logging library? Regarding gofmt, I personally can't understand the passion some people have for enforcing a common style. Regarding build tools, Go is hardly unique among modern languages in having built-in tooling for that. It's relative ease of deployment also means that Go's build tools can't be used alone in a multi-language project, so many of the apparent simplicity is only useful in a subset of projects that actually use only Go. Even then, if you have any other build artifacts you may find you need to reach for something other than Go's tooling. By comparison, Maven can easily handle a Java+minor bits-in-other-languages project out-of-the-box. Not to mention that Go is probably the only language in any kind of popular use today that doesn't have a built-in way to interface with C code (you need to use a separate compiler if you want that!). To me, Go has a single killer feature: binary and memory size for a GC language. And Java may be catching up on that area... The fact that you need to add context to errors usually exacerbates the problem and makes it even harder to read the code. You often end up with err = doThing() if err! = nil { return errors.New("Error doing thing", err) } This doesn't add any useful information for whoever is reading the code, it's just boilerplate that you learn to skip while reviewing, while hopefully not missing any important thing that does happen on the error path. As for 'programming with the error', I would like to see an actual use case for constantly doing this, and why exceptions would prevent that pattern. The only one I can remember is something highlighted as a 'good practice' by Rob himself: write everything you want to a bufio.Writer, without checking the error messages, and then calling Flush and only then checking if maybe something failed. If this is good, safe, sad-path-first, errors-are-values style... then my taste in programming is obviously bad. Obviously, the same could be achieved with exceptions. Oops, I forgot if errors.New takes the 'cause' as well. Regarding you example: the code itself still contains redundant information for someone reading it. True, the error ends up being nicer, though I would argue that the user would have been better served with a simple 'failed to load template file: /tmp/test.tpl', no need to show the pseudo call stack (so, only the fictional template loader should have been wrapping the error,for this particular case). And for a developer, the full call stack may be more useful. Exceptions would give you both for free - a nice message that can be shared to the user by whoever caused the most understandable error, and a call stack that can be logged at the upper layer so developers can see it if a bug is logged, and get a much fuller context. Java also makes you handle every possible error condition, unless of course you chose to use an escape hatch. Rust allows the same. By the way, Go is much happier to crash than Java - for example, a simple array index out of range will cause a program crash in a typical Go program, where it would only cause a request failure in a typical Java program. Not sure how Rust handles this. Finally, choose that isn't tested (manually or automatically) is very unlikely to work. Maybe you can guarantee it doesn't crash, which is a much weaker guarantee, but I doubt even fully proven code (like seL4) is all bug-free before ever being run. You could also write the first function body as Stuff thing1 = doStuff() return doOtherStuff(thung1) It's still easier to read without the explicit error handling. > It's true that having value types in addition to reference types (while other GC languages often only have reference types) adds some complexity to the language, it's not much and it's still much less complex and error prone than other GC languages. Also, C# has value types and Java desperately wants them, so I think it's pretty clear that they're worth the extra bit of complexity. My point was not about value types, but about taking the address of some thing; neither C# (except the extremely rarely used `unsafe` subset) nor planned versions of Java have this ability. To be fair though, C# does have something somewhat equivalent - lambdas may capture a local variable such as a loop variable, in which case you do need to know if each iteration creates a new variable or changes the value of the same variable. Java doesn't allow this at all. Even in C#, you can't capture a part of a structure, so the complexity is more limited. There are other aspects to Go's complexity as a language - multiple syntaxes for declaring a variable, multiple other ways of declaring constants, iota, named return variables, function scope VS local scope, the limits of what can constitute a map key, what kind of structs can be compared for equality,special syntax that looks like multiple assignment but isn't, and probably others. My point is that Go is not a very simple or consistent language. Java for example is still simpler. C# is more complex, but more consistent. > I don't see why every language should have a build tool that can build it + small bits of other languages. A build tool should build that language well, and extend it for bigger projects using a wrapper tool like Make or Bazel depending on use case. Unix philosophy and all that. The reason is tracking dependencies. If I have a pure Go project, I can rely entirely on modules to manage my dependencies. If I need one python package, I now need to find a new tool to declare my dependency and orchestrate things. With Maven, for example, I can just export the python package as a Maven module and keep using Maven for my entire build. To me, a dependency management system that is strictly language specific is only useful as a starter tool - almost certainly, once you are working on a real project, you will drop that tool entirely and have to use soemthing else, as dependencies are a cross-language problem. That said, it is nice to have a dependency tool available as you're getting your feet wet, so I shouldn't really be complaining that Go offers this. > Every language (even C++) needs another compiler to compile C code before it can be called into. And once it's compiled, it's no more difficult to call into it from Go than from Java or C# or Python or etc. First of all, I must admit that I was wrong about how Go handles CFFI. I was under the wrong impression that cgo is an alternative to the standard go compiler, and that you have to build your program with cgo instead of go build in order to be able to link to C code. Since I now understand that cgo is simply a tool to generate the necessary boilerplate to interoperate C and Go, you're right, it's actually much nicer than what Java or Pyhton offer. Note, I am aware that you need a C compiler to build your C code; I just thought that there are 2 Go compilers, one for pure Go, and a different one for Go plus dynamic linking to C. C# is still simpler, since it doesn't need any external tool or C compiler - you simply declare the C# headers for the C functions you want to invoke, and annotate them to declare the shared library they should be searched in, and the CLR handles the glue for you. --- There were a few other points, like gofmt where we simply have different experiences and I don't think it's productive to argue. There are others where I had misunderstood you as claiming Go is especially good at, and I understand your point was simply that it checks those boxes, which I agree with. So how did Rust handle the case of a function that may return an error or nothing? Can you forget to check the error, or does it force you to explicitly handle it in some way? I understand how Result forces you to handle the possibility of an error when you want to access the actual return value, but I don't know what happens if you aren't planning on accessing the return. I'm also curious how Result-based error handling composes. For example, if I want to sort a list of structs where my comparison function may fail, can I use the built-in sort function, and still get any error that may have occurred back? With (unchecked) exceptions, this is trivially easy - the sort() function doesn't need to be aware of exceptions in order for them to be propagated through it. With checked exceptions in Java, you need to go through a little dance of wrapping and unwrapping, but it can still be done. If I understand correctly, in Haskell this can be done with the Either monad and liftM, though I can't claim to understand the specifics. Is there a Rust solution? Given our disastrous track record with any sort of environmental engineering, I don't think this is a good pandora's box to open. Also, any plausible form of geoengineering still requires carbon emissions to be reduced to 0 as soon as possible. Since that is known to be within our technical capacities, and known to be safe, it still seems like the first step that we must dedicate our energies to. > What it boils down to for me is which side do you want to win? Being fair and impartial doesn't mean considering that both of the nations are the same and the outcome will be the same if either side wins, with only a different name and flag for the victor. Your argument makes sense, but it starts with a very flawed assumption: that Iran wants to dominate the world. The reality accepted by everyone except the US and its few allies on this issue is that Iran is an extremely defensive country. The current regime, and the country in general, feels threatened in the region, being generally sorrounded by belligerent hostile countries, with the backing of the US (Saudi Arabia and Israel being the most powerful and the most belligerent). So, if Iran wins, what will actually happen is that Iran will be left alone to function just like any other non-democratic state. Is the regime bad for its people? Yes. Is it better than being at war? Absolutely. And regarding nuclear weapons, Iran has declared numerous times that it would gladly participate in an agreement, enforced by UN/IANA inspectors, to declare the entire region a nuclear-free area. Israel is blocking any such agreement. Iran has entered deals with the US and other western countries to renounce its nuclear weapons program in exchange for lifting the embargo and other kinds of help. The US has backed up from these deals twice now. The second time, they have not even claimed to have any evidence that Iran is not respecting the deal; and the other parties to the agreement, like the entire rest of 'the West' have in fact remained in the deal, as has Iran, despite the new US sanctions (deemed illegal by the UN). As others have mentioned, this would be true only if by 'liberal' you understand 'in full agreement with US policy'. The most relevant example is actually Iran: the US and UK orchestrated a coup to get rid of the last democratic regime in Iran and reinstall the militaristic, authoritarian Shah. They have done the same or similar in a lot of South America, starting well before the world wars. That is not to say that they are unique in this - it is how all empires operate. My point is only that the US is not some idealistic, freedom, democracy, and everything good loving benefactor of the world. It is an empire, one that is quite good to its own people but that ruthlessly pursuits its rational interests abroad. The second deal I was talking about is precisely the current one, the JCPOA, which Iran is abiding according to all objective observers. Iran's most rabid enemy illegally owns nuclear weapons, while the world's greatest super power is helping them hide it. Iran's position makes logical sense, and the best way to ensure they have no reason not to abide by the NPT would be to actually uphold the NPT, not to selectively enforce it against Iran but not the country threatening it. Aren't quantum processors essentially special purpose accelerators, where most of the computation is still done on a classical computer? Shor's algorithm at least looks that way. It's basically for performance reasons, as I understand it, not technical limitations or something like that. There is an explanation in the article - basically, this is done for performance reasons. Especially for large types (e.g. collections) in-equality can short-circuit very quickly, whereas comparison may need to see a large part of the collection before being able to return. The most pathological example is two large arrays of different size, that are element-by-element equal for the first million elements. Equality can return false after seeing the size difference, but needs to reach the millionth-and-1 element before being bale to return a value. The commission was especially concerned because the two operators would be functionally equivalent - so, it would be difficult to rely on testing to make sure the equality operator is also implemented. I'm hoping you're being sarcastic - if so, you're right, the US is becoming more and more transparent in its use of power to simply force countries to do whatever it wants. A lot of advertising money is actually lost from the economy to profit for advertisers, stock buybacks, bonuses for the ultra-rich etc. But advertising is explicitly designed to skew that measure - the purpose of essentially all advertising, and certainly all of Coke/Pepsi's advertising, is to convince people that they need something that they don't need; and to make them appeal to their feelings instead of their rationality when doing purchasing decisions (e.g. by inspiring brand loyalty). Corporate TLS Inspection products rely on each user (or the system administrators) installing the MITM certificate on all corporate systems. Unless users are also installing 'public' root certificates, this is a non-issue. And if users are installing bad root certificates, then a fully closed wifi network will not be very good protection either way. Now, nation states, which may be able to obtain valid PKI certificates for MITM purposes, are a whole other level of adversary. Still, again, anyone who can do that will probably not be deterred by you using a WPA-PSK2 protected Wi-Fi AP. So, overall, I don't see what kind of increased security risk you would be exposing yourself to by using public wifi networks. Yes: all connections. Both those from public WiFi and from secure wired connections and anything else. Point still stands: there is no extra risk form using a public WiFi as long as your traffic is encrypted. Gravity is a major part of the human experience, at least for all humans that live close enough to a celestial body to be forced with their feet to the ground. One look at how astronauts live in space will show you that there is more to the regular human experience than electromagnetism. It would be pretty interesting to imagine what daily life would look like with only the strong and weak forces, true. It's not just memory discipline that is pretty bad (and not just in the OSS world). I've recently seen several newer languages refuse to deal elegantly with low-level errors. For example, in a Java server application, if one request encounters some buggy code that tries to read past the end of an array, that request will fail, but all others will succeed - this will give a good chance for the system to be usable, and getting a good bug request, with system-generated diagnostics, for the buggy requests. However, in Go or Rust, the same scenario panics and kills the entire process by default - turning a potentially minor bug in some obscure part of the system into a system-wide crash. OOM is obviously harder to deal with (e.g. if one request is using too much memory, there's no guarantee that it won't be other requests actually seeing the OOM errors first), so if we don't even want to deal with the easy stuff, how can we hope to deal gracefully with the hard ones? You can't have an anonymous system that simultaneously allows meaningful verification: if there is no way to tie me to my vote in the system, then there is no way for me to prove that my vote was misrepresented to anyone but myself. Even if there were, there is no way for me to prove that my claim about my vote is correct. Even if many people come out claiming that their votes are mis-represented, there is no way to know whether that is a sign of errors/tampering with the system, or a concerted campaign to try to put the election in doubt. Any system which foregoes physical proof of voting as a base for the count, relying instead on after-the-fact verification, is open to this problem. A complex system, whether software or even mechanical, can never match this level of confidence. You're supposed to write correct code in Java as well. The reality is that it doesn't always happen. C doesn't claim to handle the issue at all, and doesn't verify it, which is at least a performance gain. Rust does verify it, but issues an error type that is not guaranteed to be recoverable at all. > Because you're not truly out of o memory at that point. there are still pages that can be evicted. No, you are truly out of RAM at that point - the amount of RAM all processes need exceeds the amount of memory the system has, and the user has indicated that no swapping should be done. Now, if the kernel truly wanted to handle this case gracefully by swapping disk-backed files, I think it should also tell the process scheduler about this, and enter a special mode where only processes whose code is currently resident would be allowed to run, until they hit a hard wait. This might prevent the thrashing behavior in many cases (assuming processes don't interact too much with memory-mapped files). Otherwise, every context switch initiated by the scheduler is likely to cause another page fault event. Have you ever heard of Mondragon? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mondragon_Corporation It's more of less a large co-op and, according to Wikipedia: > It is the tenth-largest Spanish company in terms of asset turnover and the leading business group in the Basque Country. The hypothesis that there is no universal truth is self-defeating. It isn't necessarily wrong, but any deduction you would make from it meaningless, and if you truly choose to believe you should fall into solipsism. You yourself must believe in some universal truths, otherwise you would not attempt to communicate with other beings. So, in order to have any kind of discussion, you must start from a point where you believe that at least a large part of everyday experience (including other beings, their minds, physical objects, their interactions, our observation thereof and many others) exist in a meaningful sense, outside your own cognition. Now, any extrapolation from these base assumptions, is what we should think of as physics. For example, if I assume my eyes exist and my perception of the world is meaningful, then I must also conclude that the moon I see through a telescope exists to the same extent, and it's motion as I observe it exists, and I can search for explanations of that motion etc. If I were to not assume that my eyes perceive something which truly exists, I would have no reason to stand in front of a computer screen, hitting keys on my keyboard and watching the letters appear on the screen - it's possible in a very absolutist way, but it's simply not a productive way of looking at the world. Not really. Almost everyone in the world is producing more than they get payed. The only way to be guaranteed a job is to provide a better productivity/wage ratio than enough of your competitors. Depending on your profession, your competition might be smaller (eg highly specialized mechanics in the area) or huge (eg all low-skilled factory workers in the world). It depends. If I'm trying to sell an object for 5$ but can only sell it for 3, you're right, I've only produced 3$. However, if I'm working for a company and an object I created gets sold by the company for 5$,but the company is paying me 2$ and the salesman 1$,and declaring 2$ worth of profit, then the salesman and I have obviously produced 5$ worth of value together, but were paid 3$ for our work. Any profitable company by definition does exactly this (and nominally un-profitable ones may be doing the same). Air conditions are significantly more complex than road conditions, I would guess - wind direction, temperature differentials, air density may all vary and I imagine they could affect flight characteristics. It's true that you won't encounter pedestrians, and congestion will be much less of a problem initially, but birds are still a major concern. That is actually a good example of deceptive marketing. It happens that you want to see this doctor, so you don't notice th problem: you now have an association in your mind between the reputation of the doctor you know and respect and the hospital itself. You have no idea if other doctors for other specialties are comparable in skill. You have no idea if the hospital charges exaggerated prices, how their services are in general etc - the commercial is simply meant to appeal to your positive emotions about this particular doctor. And they didn't even have to lie about anything to obtain the effect. I think a huge benefit is the readability of more complex expressions (e.g. when you start introducing zip, groupBy, folds etc into the mix). They were created by the ascribe of a few powerful individuals (not in some conspiratorial way, I just mean the actions of a few company heads / marketing gurus etc), not by the individual actions of some billions of users. They will have to be dismantled the same way. Just to add to the cultural variety, in Romania, the eastern end of latin influence, "marmeladă" is one of 3 common kinds of fruit preserves - made by boiling fruits with no or relatively little sugar (maybe 1:10 sugar to fruit) until they harden into a paste. Apricot and plums are the most commonly used fruit for marmelade. The 2 preserve is "gem" (jam), which is similar, but made with some more sugar (say 4:10 upto 5:10), and ending up as more of a mush than a paste - coincidentally, this is the most common way of preserving quinces. The third one is "dulceață" (which translates ad literam to "sweetness") which is made with 1:1 sugar to fruit and ends up with whole fruit floating in a fruity sweet colored syrup (sometimes the fruit are dipped in calcium hydroxide before boiling to ensure they stay firm) - usually for strawberries, forest fruit, apricots, even peaches. We also make a quince jelly called "peltea" (a Turkish word), a clear, stiff, extremely sweet gelatin. This seems to be the exact equivalent of Portuguese marmelada. You keep missing the fact that there is no security/privacy advantage to what Google did, since the API for an extension to see every URL being accessed and use it in arbitrary ways still exists. They only removed the part where the extension could block that request from happening. Unfortunately, historical data suggests that ads are the only viable way to run a highly-profitable content delivery business. Look at newspapers and television - major, profitable ones have always been ad-driven,and that is despite the fact that they also had a physical cost. Newspapers especially fit your model of micro-payments: each newspaper is usually a minuscule amount of money, but that is never enough to sustain it. There is also the problem of incentives - even if your customers are paying to access the content, if you can then ALSO mix ads with the content, you are guaranteed more money, so businesses will usually be inclined to do so. > Tons of people paid for content before the Web. Newspapers, magazines, books, CDs, DVDs, cable TV, premium channels. Sure, but newspapers, magazines, cable TV and premium channels have never really lived off of customer payments, they were always ad-based businesses first (there are exceptions, such as small newspapers and HBO). I absolutely agree! I was just trying to point out that there was never any ad-free past at have strayed from. Perhaps though there is an ad-free future at could strive towards. I doubt it will happen within the current capitalist framework. In my family, compot was always consumed immediately, though I have heard others use it as a preserve as well. I'll show an example in C#, which has some of the best list comprehension syntax in my opinion (LINQ): from category in categories where category.Name.Contains("food") join product in products on product.CategoryID equals category.ID select new { Name = category.Name, MostExpensive = (from categoryProduct in productGroup orderby categoryProduct.Price descending select categoryProduct) .First() } In C#, with HOFs, this becomes: categories .Where( category => category.Name.Contains("food")) .GroupJoin(products, category => category.ID, product => product.CategoryID, (category, productGroup) => new { Name = category.Name, MostExpensive = productGroup.OrderByDescending( product => product.Price) .First() } ) The second higher-oder function form has 2 disadvantages that I see: (1) for every subclause, it must mention the lambda parameter again (with more filtering/ordering/mapping this becomes much more noticeable); (2) it is easier to mess up the order of parameters, especially for something like Join/GroupJoin, which takes 5 parameters. > The memory safety stuff is great, but I really think that having a richer type system like this is more fundamentally what prevents bugs I know this is only tangentially related to your point, but all the research I have read about points to the opposite conclusion - richer and stricter type systems don't have a proven effect on bugs, whereas memory safety is guaranteed to eliminate whole classes of bugs. One guess why this would be true, despite your good example of a type system-level fix that would have prevented this bug entirely, is that memory safety is automatic (or at least opt-out), while the richer types are opt-in: nothing in Rust (or Java etc) would have prevented writing the original C, the programmer would have had to think about using the enum or other equivalent in order for the compiler to help. Granted, in this case they would almost certainly have done so, as enums are just so much nicer than flag checking, but for other type-level solutions the same may not happen. From my experience, JS is relatively portable, at least if you stay away from some corners. CSS (and some aspects of HTML) are a much more likely reason for strange differences between browsers. Another common culprit for browser-specific bugs is simply using browser-specific CSS extensions, because sometimes it is simpler than fiddling with standard CSS until it looks right. It is obvious and well known that phenomena happen in the outisde world, but experience happens in the brain - Perception, usually mediated through Sensing. But when I remember seeing a friend in a dream, that is a real memory of a real experience, but there was no phenomenon in the world outside my head that caused the experience. At the current level of understanding, it is pretty clear that if we could send the correct signals we control on the optic nerve, we would be causing the brain to have an experience to the same extent that the retina does. I don't think we know enough yet to go further than the optic nerve and say that we could induce a signal 'after' the optic nerve and produce the exact same effect,but that is still plausible. The next level of manipulation would be to induce signals into the brain as if they are coming from the visual processing area without directly stimulating the visual processing center at all - this is far further into the future, if it is even possible. I know this is all in the realm of pure speculation anyway, but why would you think it's plausible that a memory must be re-written instead of being deleted? People forget things all the time, so obviously you don't need to have an uninterrupted memory of your life so far. Are you simply thinking that memories only get deleted to make room for some other memories, not necessarily of the same events? That is confusing terms. Propaganda can and usually is built out of true news as well as fake stories - true news presented selectively, given a specific interpretation etc. can be a very powerful tool. Fake stories and their spread are a different matter - they can be a form of propaganda as well, but they can also serve other properties (selling ads, such as in spam, is a major reason for fake stories). There are many types of events where there exists an objective truth. 'humans went to the moon', for example, is a statement whose truth is objective. You may choose to believe this truth or not, but you can't say 'the truth is more complicated than that'. Of course 'Americans went to the moon to further the human condition' is an example of statement for which there is likely not an objective truth - the terms themselves are fuzzy, people usually have multiple reasons and contradictory feelings about their reasons etc. So if I post a story claiming Hillary Clinton is running a child sex trafficking ring from a pizza place basement, that is unequivocally false. If I run a story saying Hillary Clinton is an evil person seeking to lead the country astray, that may or may not be true depending on many different factors, definitions, personal beliefs etc. It would be wrong to label it as fake news,for this reason. More to the point, memory-safe languages cannot have these types of vulnerabilities regardless of other aspects of the type system. I like this analogy, but I think an even bigger problem than distance contraction is that in fact the lawnmower can go east-west on one axis, but only towards the north on the other axis, towards the future, at least as far as we have observed in macroscopic systems. This may not be a problem for some definitions of time, but for the notion of time which goes from past to future, I don't think the analogy holds very well. Let me put it another way: from any point in space, we know you can move to any other point in space, in a finite amount of time (disregarding the accelerating expansion of the universe). As far as we have observed, the same is not true with (the common-language definition of) time - I can't go back to the moment I was born, for example. Wait till you hear what happens to these same animals in the woods! I don't mean to be dismissive, and I do believe that there are legitimate ethical and environmental (and maybe even health-related) motivations for being a vegetarian. However, I don't see a problem with the slaughter itself, especially as practiced in modern societies. It is significantly more humane than most ways a lot of animals die in the wild, killed in a desparte struggle, or eaten away by disease. The much bigger ethical problem is the way we force most of these animals to live in industrial settings, cooped up, filthy, unmoving. This is the true ethical dilemma of industrial farming. Hopefully, if we stopped eating and throwing away the vast quantities of meat we do today, we could get back to more sustainable and more humane animal husbandry, while still being able to occasionally enjoy meat - to boot, it will even be much better tasting, if the animals are allowed to roam and eat grass. Most animals are hunted, flee in terror, are wounded, subdued, all while fully conscious. Only then, SOMETIMES, do they get killed by biting. Sometimes they are not even fully dead before the predator starts tearing their flesh. And this is assuming they die by predator - otherwise, they may escape with a wound which gets infected, and they will get diseased, maggot ridden, and probably go hungry as well. Nature rarely offers a peaceful death. The assumption is that there is a set of laws of physics which are consistent with our observations, that are the same across space, that do not vary with time, and that all phenomena in the universe are ultimately caused by these laws. Whether these are the laws of nature, the laws of a simulation, or the laws of some Gods playing around, it makes no difference. Unfortunately, without these assumptions it is impossible to have any kind of scientific knowledge - if we can't assume that the sun rising for the last hundred thousand years means it will rise again tomorrow, or if we don't assume that the universe extends in the past as well as the future, there is nothing meaningful to study. Note: the laws of physics I am talking about above could be very different from what we know today - just as QM and Relativity are to Newtonian physics - but that would not change the assumptions I'm talking about. Well, it's especially in those situations that you need institutional controls to forbid the logically correct choice. After all, you don't really need a law telling companies they aren't allowed to hire infants as senior officers - it's already not in the company's interest to do so. However, when there is a logically correct but politically incorrect decision that the company could make, it is now that you need laws to prevent the company from taking that choice. Of course, as the weight of an institution's decisions goes down, so does the need to police its actions. In particular, it is rarely necessary to prevent an individual person from acting on their biases. Applying this to your example, if we had an AI that should suggest your best route home, and it avoided a short route through a bad neighborhood, that is likely ok. However, if a municipality used the same AI to decide where to prioritize changing street lights, that should be prohibited. The flip side is stuff like Windows getting Firefox updates months ahead of Ubuntu (not sure if Fedora addresses this somehow), back in the day. There is something to be said about letting application developers control the update rhythm of their application's releases. It always bothers me that, when discussing why `[]struct` can't be passed to a function expecting `[]interface{}` in Go, people always give the explanation that it would require extra memory allocation and so on. If it were only that, this would be a fixable problem. What you should instead mention in these cases is that it would be fundamentally type unsafe to do this. Slices are mutable, so `[]struct` does not fulfill the contract for `[]interface{} `, since I can store any Go type in an `[]interface`{} , but not in an `[]struct`. The same is true for pointers. Note: if this were only a problem of memory layout, the designers of Go could have built into the language a special type that wraps a slice of structs and behaves like a slice of interfaces, by doing automatic wrapping/unwrapping when you read from/write to an index. This would obviously complicate the runtime, so it may not be desirable anyway, but it could be done and it would solve the problem discussed in the article. In contrast, there is no way to solve the fundemtal type mismatch, so I see it as a much better explanation. To be fair to the author of the article, the official Go blog, written by Go's designers, offers the same explanation as the article, unfortunately. Note that in the meantime, C# has gotten this pretty right, with IEnumerable (a read-only list) and support for co- and contra-variance at type declaration time. Hopefully, some day, Go will also get this 'obscure' feature, though I'm not holding my breath. I would be extremely surprised if their initial version of generics will support anything like this. In Java, Cat[] can be passed to a function expecting Animal[]. List can't be passed to someone expecting List . The first case is allowed by the language, but it is not type-safe - depending on your usage, you may get type errors at runtime (trying to write a Dog to an Animal[] that is actually a Cat[]). Java does also support a safe way of achieving variance - your function can take a List , in which case you can pass a List to it. The compiler also makes sure that a function that takes a List can't write a Dog to that list, so this is actually type safe. The problem of finding implementations of an interface is harder if they live in separate packages, isn't it? Why would it be a non-issue? I'm not saying that we should define them together, the article makes sense in its recommendation. I'm just saying that the GP also seems correct to me, there is a problem in finding interface implementations in Go that would be lessened by explicit implementation (though I hope go pls will fix this on the tooling side). As I explained, that is wrong. You would need a different type, let's call it read-only-slice,to support that. To make the problem more explicit, let's say you have func baz(bars []Bar) { bars[0] = nil } type Foo struct {} baz(make([]Foo, 5)) In this case, the program would fail at runtime, as you can't store a nil in a slice of Foos. The baz() function is perfectly correct in itself, if you passed an array of Bars it would work perfectly. Well, that would allow you to call the function, but now you can't write the body of the function without reflection: you can't iterate over an interface{}, and you can't cast a []struct (edit) wrapped in an interface{} (/edit) to a []SomeInterface, so you're back to square one. The way I see it, you normally have 3 places where an interface is 'used': 1. there is code written to depend on the interface 2. there is code written to satisfy the interface 3. there is code written to pass some implementation to a function using the interface The recommendation, which I agree with, is to define the interface in area 1, which is always a specific package. Areas 2 and 3 can be spread all over the code, in different places. io.Reader is a good example - there is a single io package, and most code which does something with an io.Reader is there. Implementations exist in many places, some in the standard library, some in your own code base. Then, all over your code base, you may have code which takes some specific implementation of an io.Reader and calls some function in io and passes that specific Reader to it. This shows that even if you respect the recommendation in the code, you can still end up with many places which 'use' an interface in some sense. Now, to give a more specific use case, say I have defined an interface which takes a slice, but I expect that the slice is used in a read-only manner. I want to audit all existing implementations to ensure that they respect these semantics, and I can only do that by hand since I can't express this in Go's type system. Another simpler example is that I know what function I want to call, and what interface it takes, and now I want to find out what implementations exist for that interface, to see if I can re-use one of them or if I need to create a new implementation. The compiler will only complain if the intended semantics are fully expressed in the type system, which would be difficult to do in Haskell or Idris, and is completely impossible in Go. If I maintain both the consumer and the producer of the interface, it is my job to find all implementations of that interface and ensure that they respect the intended semantics. Counterpoint: if you modify the call site to pass in a new value, you don't know whether the function will accept it or not, since you've opted out of any compiler verification. My point was that it is a bad idea to write functions that take an interface{} and try to reflect on it, since you are putting out of all compiler checks. You also get a much, much slower function. In my own real world code, this problem comes up daily or more - I have a concrete class, but is it through an interface for mocking purposes. When I am trying to follow the code which uses the interface, I want to follow what galena to the values passed into the interface, through the real (or sometimes mock) implementation. Hopefully gopls will some day be able to do this, but it is a constant annoyance at the moment that I have to break my flow and search for the implementation class by hand. I am honestly considering just getting rid of the interface and finding some other hackish way to mock the code, just because of the improvement in ease of following the code. That would be nice in principle, but where do you expect the error to be thrown in the example above? I don't know of any language which tries to automatically deduce whether a variable is used in a read-only manner or not, and base covariance on this deduction. Even C++, which allows you to explicitly annotate an array to declare that it is read-only (const vector ) doesn't allow you to pass an array of derived elements instead, so I assume there is some difficulty in implementing these checks and ensuring correctness. Because as code evolves you may find you need some logging in pureFun and now you have to go and sprinkle some IO wherever pureFun is used, which may propagate to who knows how many other places. Of course, I suppose there is always unsafePerformIO, at least for those late-night debug sessions. To be pedantic, Java perfectly encodes the information that a piece of data can be missing - any type supports null as a valid value. What it can't do is encode the information that a piece of data CAN'T be missing. As I understand it, a function use :: Item -> Item in Haskell guarantees that it can't change any property of any item;even more so if the function were use :: Item -> Effect, as could be done on the initial assumption that Items can't change. Because you suspect that it has a bug and need to see intermediate outputs to verify. I know that Haskell's lazyness adds an extra layer of complexity to this problem. However, disregarding the implementation details, here is the abstract problem: I have a program which is reading some complex data structure from IO, applying a complex, pure pipeline to it, and sending the reply back through IO. Now, say the output is not correct in some way. Your only chance of debugging the issue is to somehow visualize some of the intermediate values, right? This being a pure pipeline, you don't need to have logging in production. You could just log the input value, and when a bug occurs, run the same input value from the logs through a modified version of the original pipeline with some logging sprinkled throughout - you're right on this side. Now, I expect that there are many situations where adding the logging in production is still preferable - maybe the pure pipeline is in development and some kind sof issues are frequently occurring, maybe the pipeline takes too long to re-run, so it's just easier to have the logs from the first run etc. > What people are working on is usually unrelated and of no interest to each other I think this is the key difference between teams that like stand-ups and teams that don't. In the teams I've worked in, our work was highly relevant to one another, so knowing daily where everyone was with their tasks is usually interesting to everyone. The idea of counting syllables for languages other than English reminded me of a fun personal experience. When I was in high-school, I was in a camp with some American Peace Corps students in my country. They were learning Romanian since they had been spending some time here and were curious. At one point, one of them asked 'how do you say "hug"?' to which we replied 'îmbrățișare' (uhm-bruh-tzee-shuh-reh, approximately). They were taken aback, and after a pause, jokingly quipped 'don't you have a shorter word? Like... Hug?'. Just a note, but differences like 'pee' vs 'micturate' are common in all European languages at least, even the romance languages. The more formal words are often almost identical, derived from a cleaner Latin with fewer phonetic transformations than the more vulgar words. Yes, that is the same root. Just as a side note, 'brace' here (brațe in Romanian, braccia in Italian) is simply the word for arms (as in hands, not as in swords), so the word in romance languages sounds essentially like 'enarm' would in English (without the weapon connotation). I think that the vast majority of the public would be much more likely to switch to a currency with Visa and Mastercard's involvement than a currency which doesn't have them on board. I am honestly wondering which audience you think was losing confidence in this project because of Visa et al. But the only way to do the second is to keep a separate 'ledger' associating real people/companies with network wallets, and to ban the use of wallets whose ownership is not known. And this automatically brings back a lot of hassle with verifying paperwork, it again allows people to be barred from the network, and it again prevents people withput paperwork from owning currency. - Governments: oh yes, we'll trade our ability to set monetary policies for the off-chance that someone who wanted to hide from regulators will choose to trust Facebook with their shady transactions, and will continue to do so after the first time we catch them in the act based on data Facebook provided to us. I completely disagree, coming from a Java and C# background. There are nice aspects to reading Go, but any function which does some kind of error-prone operation is so hard to grok, it gets tiring - the actual purpose is constantly interrupted by 'if err := nil' so much. And gods help you if there is some actual non-trivial error handling going on, as you've generally learned to gloss over and can easily miss that one place that actually does something with an error other than log and return. Also, while admittedly rare, trying to review code that needs to copy structs around, if they also involve pointers or slices, is just hell. I can speak as someone who is building a microservice application in Go and was actually part of the decision to use Go, rather than Java or C# which we traditionally used. I also find Go-the-language unacceptably crippled. Unfortunately, Go-the-runtime is the only best runtime for microservice-based applications, if you want a GC, especially if you want to run the system on limited hardware. All the other options are either too bloated to comfortably spawn in large numbers (Java, C#, Node, Python, Ruby take too long to start, use too much RAM , and/or give you too large containers), or are too new and unproven (Nim). So, we chose to use the inferior language and line with a small hit to productivity (language choice has little impact on productivity after the learning stage anyway) for the superior runtime system. From the first list, adding generics would essentially automatically also give you type-safe concurrent maps and map/filter/zip/etc. Google did not have an OpenJDK alternative, they had a implementation of a language and stdlib that was 99% identical to Java. Of all of Chomsky's positions that I have read, the propaganda model is the hardest to doubt - it seems almost unassailable. Are there any convincing criticisms of it? Basically, open source software that has stood the test of time has either been supported by non-commercial entities (e.g. GNU, Firefox) or has been a collaboration of many commercial entities (e.g. Linux, clang, Java). Trying to sell a free product that you are developing does not seem like a workable business model. Open-source products which are developed almost entirely by a company with a questionable business model are unlikely to remain healthy in the long run. That is not his thesis at all. He is claiming that in most cases mainstream media will be supportive of American imperialism (it applies more broadly than the US, but let's limit it for now). Of course there are factions within the most powerful, but there are also universal interests. For example, there are no rich or powerful groups in the US who are pro unionization in tech or pro worker's co-ops (there may be individuals, sure, but you won't find a PAC or lobby group). There are no rich or powerful groups in the US who would accept unilateral nuclear disarmament. There are no rich or powerful groups in the US which consider the US has no legal or moral rights to intervene militarily unilaterally anywhere in the world. Of course, there are sometimes 'dissident' groups, like the currently surprisingly popular Bernie Sanders movement. If they do get a foothold, some popular opinions may also change. But such moments are a good time to test the hypothesis, and you can easily see how much the media, 'left' or right, is against the Bernie campaign, and considers it naive or pie-in-the-sky. Overall, going on the empirical path, you'll be really hard-pressed to find any US mainstream media critical of US actions, or often even reporting on relevant events, if they put the US in a bad light. But we do! To a great extent, anyway. There is a spectrum of opinion, but it broadly goes between 'the most important thing is that the biggest corporations continue to make a larger profit, damn all else' at the extreme right, and 'we should make sure there is a modicum of prosperity for everyone, so that they will keep supporting our goal of ever increasing profit, damn almost everything else'. There are other topics where there is a wider variety of opinions (e.g. climate change, though even there, addressing climate change is only considered to the extent that it wouldn't hurt profit too much, or universal healthcare). There may very rarely be an article or two that really are going against the grain, but that is to be expected, since there is no claim of hard censorship. But even now, how are the elites not united in most goals? Are the new tech elite pro workers rights? Are they for radical action to stop global warming? Are they anti-monopoly? Are they pro corporate taxation? Are they anti-interventionist? There may be in-fighting between the elites, but that does not mean that these groups are not still aligned on most broad topics. Teh same has always been true for democrats VS Republicans. They do care who gets to be in power, and will fight tooth-and-nail for that, but neither will do anything that would hurt the elites in general. No, the mass-media that Chomsky discusses very much includes Hollywood, Jeff Bezos' newspapers, gaming companies and any other popular company producing media. Of course there is in-fighting amongst the elites. But there is no group of elites that is willing to reduce the power of even a different group in favor of 'the masses'. The NY/DC media moguls may want to take SV down a peg, but they wouldn't want to see, say, FB become a worker's co-op, or Jeff Bezos to start paying 90% progressive income tax. As a city kid who likes doing this, there are two aspects for me. One is simply the game of going through the forest and carefully scanning the ground, looking at bunches of leaves - is that just leaves? Or a young mushroom just coming out? Then, when you do find a mushroom, checking if it's firm and good to eat, enjoying the alien aspect of the thing etc. The other aspect is the wonderful taste of these. In my country we have porcini and chanterelle mushrooms in the wild, and finding some makes for an absolutely delicious breakfast the next day. You usually can't get fresh forest mushrooms any other way here, and in the rare occasions that you do find them, they are extremely expensive. Go is much better! Let's just return an error, and hope someone looks at it. Oh, and if that hope was wrong in Java? Thread does, nice call stack in logs. In Go? Well, the program will go on with some default - value struct, most likely. > Men and women still don't work well together. The attraction dynamics between them still overpower any attempts at keeping things professional. The social differences are still all there. This sentiment is very strange to me, coming from an IT company with lots of both men and women co-workers. Of course there is sometimes sexual attraction at work, as there probably is for any gay colleagues. Maybe it sometimes even causes tensions. But it is in no way 'overpowering' the ability to work well together, as team members, as managers or as subordinates. There are many social dynamics that complicate pure professionalism. Feelings of attraction are nothing compared to ego or to the desire of climbing the ladder at any price, in my experience. Later edit: > As a proud owner of an ADHD brain, I don't understand the victimhood narrative at all. If someone doesn't want to work with me because I feel "weird" to them, why would I want to work with them? Why should they be forced to work with me? Who says I'm entitled to a job? Who says they owe me anything? In our society, work is essentially the only possibility of leading a decent life (assuming you're not born rich, of course). As such, the right to work for any group must be protected by the state. Historically, blocking the right to work has been a favorite tactic against hated groups - black people, gay people, trans people are the most recent examples. You're discussing from a position that puts team efficiency (and company efficiency) above any other value. You may in fact be right that certain kinds of diversity can hurt team efficiency (for an obvious example, if you already have a team of white power types, hiring a black man on that mteam will lead to morale issues). However, in practice, and especially for large companies, optimizing only for efficiency is simply not acceptable behavior. Since the ability to find a place to work is so important for any individual in our society to have a chance at a decent life, companies' social responsibilities must have them potentially sacrifice some efficiency to prevent discrimination of large groups. Note: I am not in any way claiming that disadvantaged groups are less efficient at work, there is absolutely not evidence of that. I am claiming that sometimes, to accept disadvantaged groups in a workplace may create some discomfort to the people who were already in that workplace, since statistically they were likely to hold biases against that discriminated group. Well, there are many ways to look at this. The most utilitarian is simply this: you could have a society in which people can live a decent life without having a job and without being born rich. In this society, companies could be allowed to only hire for maximal efficiency, since the state could e sure the livihood of those who don't get chosen for jobs by other means. However, such a society would be vastly different from our own - for example, it would be essentially impossible to hire for menial labor, since without the threat of starvation few people would choose to become garbage workers or maids. For another, you would necessarily have high taxes on the employed to be able to support the unemployed, which would lead to political problems and would likely be an unstable equilibrium. In our society we have chosen a different solution, pretty much all over the world: your ability to have food and shelter is conditioned on having a job (or being born rich), but in exchange, the state tries its best to guarantee you a job. We don't generally allow the state to operate companies, so the only way for the state to guarantee jobs is to incentivize and even force companies to employ people without discrimination, to at least some extent. Now, my personal belief is that the justification should come the other way around - why do we allow society to judge your right to a basic livelihood by any criteria at all? But I'm guessing that would not be a compelling argument, and I can't claim to have a working picture of how such a society could look like. For (1) I think the 'intelligence' that we discriminate for in all those cases is such a vague term that it essentially means 'being good at X'. If that is the case, obviously we discriminate by it, because we try to choose people who are better at X when trying to find people for X. Tether there is a single underlying characteristic that makes you better at X (a pre-determined IQ) that is discriminated for is perhaps harder to know. I certainly don't think that school for example advances students based purely on intelligence - discipline, even obedience, like-ability, sometimes teamwork, are all at least as important to what makes most good students successful. Related to 2,my answer is very simple: companies don't take the full burden, at least in most countries. In general, there is a shared burden - the employee has reduced pay, the state is paying for some or most of that, and the company is forced to keep the position open for the employee when they decide to return. In my country at least, they are also free to hire a temp to fill that position for the 1 or 2 years of maternal leave. > $50 of hardware can accomplish this, today. Raspi running vehicle detection code. That's only true if you want hardware that sometimes detects some kind of vehicles, in the right weather and from the right angles. Truly reliably detecting this is much further away. The consequences of not getting it right are not as catastrophic as getting it wrong in a self-driving car, but they could still mess traffic up pretty badly. As far as I know, the US have never investigated a member of their government for war crimes, and have always shielded any US army person investigated in another country. It is a very simple policy: by definition, the US is carying out just wars, so there can be no war crimes perpetrated by the US army. At most, regrettable mistakes can be admitted to. This applies even when international courts have found the US guilty, since the US does not recognize the authority of international courts against them. See the case of the mining of Nicaragua's harbors https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicaragua_v._United_States Html form elements are laughably limited if you want to make an app - despite the years of using the web for apps, HTML+CSS is still only really usable for document-like pages. This is not necessarily a bad thing, mind, there is something to be said about how huge browsers are becoming, and shipping a full widget toolkit would bloat that up even more. > They clearly had a political slant, but they couldn't just ignore facts that they found inconvenient, or only mention them in hit pieces meant to discredit them. Newspapers ignored inconvenienent facts all the time, probably for all of human history. Even when they don't completely ignore some facts, they often choose to make a big deal of some facts and not of others. Some examples of the former would be the missing reporting on the US atrocities in South America, except maybe the Contra deal. The 100 catholic priests murdered in SA by US or US-supported troops were never mentioned, but the Soviet murder of 1 priest was an international scandal (as well it should be, but the others should have been an even bigger scandal). A very good example of the latter should be the COINTELPRO[1] revelation of the FBI actively seeking to blackmail and even assassinate members of civil rights groups, including an attempt to convince MLK to commit suicide, threatening to reveal his extra-marital affairs otherwise. This was reported to some extent, but then Watergate happened at around the same time, and, despite being much less worrying for normal people, it became one of the largest scandals in media, and COINTELPRO was forgotten from public discourse. [1] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/COINTELPRO As far as I know, Linux doesn't support library hotswapping any more than Windows does, so if you have a security update in libc for example, you can either manually restart all programs which use it, or reboot the system. Unless you do one of these, you don't have the security patch up and running, right? There are many differences. For one, few in the Soviet Union trusted Pravda, whileoat people in the US trust the picture of the world that the newspapers present. So, while the US newspapers were overall far more correct than Pravda, they were nevertheless much more effective propaganda tools, when they did choose, intentionally or through deep-seated biases, to 'massage' the truth. Still, each individual process using an updated library needs to be restarted for the update to take effect. The way I see it, Linux does give you much more flexibility in how to deal with these restarts; and the ability to overwrite libraries on disk guarantees you don't get into the horrible Windows update-restart-update-restart cycles: you only ever require one restart at most. However, there are also risks. For one, if you don't restart long-running processes which use updated shared libraries your system may be at risk; also, even if the update was not a vulnerability fix, it is technically possible for processes that communicate through a shared library to misbehave if they have different versions (one using the old library with an old data-structure for example). This probably doesn't happen so much in Linux, where IPC is commonly done through text streams, but may be a much bigger problem on Windows if you update some COM library for example, reducing the usefullness of no-restart updates. Given that some of the most commonly used external libraries do networking, IO, graphics and encryption, I don't think this would really be feasible. Having used both LXC and Docker, the main advantage of Docker is using it as a package manager, with the ability to extremely easily start from a 3rd party container and layer your own changes on top. While I'm sure LXC could technically achieve the same, it is way more difficult to do so than docker's 'FROM 3rdparty-container:$VERSION' / 'docker pull 3rdparty-container:$VERSION'. On the other hand, Docker for a long time didn't really care about security, which LXC was much better at since the beginning more or less. As for Kubernetes, that is most often used in conjunction with Docker (though there are alternatives), if you want to deploy containers to a cluster of machines (VM or physical) and get rid of some of the administrative work for doing so. There is also EU law for the protection of spirits, which have not been typically named after specific regions. For example, ouzo can only be produced in Greece. Not sure what the status of whisk(e)y is on this. The GP is responding to a claim that you could have a rule that it is spelled whisky in countries which don't have an e in their name (whisky in Scotland, whiskEy in IrEland). GP is pointing out, same as you, that Wales would be a counter-example to this rule. > The term fractal is a well-defined mathematical object. There might be "self-similarity" there, but (just a fun fact) fractals are typically not self-similar, so it's not a very good litmus test. Per the Wikipedia article, they are not well defined. Also, self-similarity of some kind is one of the requirements. Is it completely wrong, or is this a debated topic in mathematics? > Well, apparently through Facebook ads they did... Where did you get that idea? We know from the Mueller report that they indeed paid to try to influence the election, but the sums were tiny compared to what the actual candidates paid. Also, please remember that Cambridge Analytica was hired by Trump ('s people) , not the Russians. It depends a lot on your goal. If your goal is, for example, to edit a book, you often need much more than a typewriter can give you. You need figures, equations, centralized text, footnotes, rich text styles, tables. If your goal is even more ambitious, say, publishing the same book online, such that others can use the contents of the book and select it, look it up, share it, edit it etc., you need many of the above to be understood by the text engine, so you end up with shaping, support for all human scripts with all their accumulated idiosyncrasies etc. Without any of this, you can barely have an academic life for example on the internet,or engineering disciplines and so on. Unless you mean another DVCS, P4 can run circles around git on large repos (mostly on account of not conceptually trying to copy the entire state of the entire repo at every commit). The author comments often that there are certain concepts that 'belong in the implementation, not the surface', such as explicit sequences of operations and any interaction with the outside world. I believe that this relegates DCTP to the status of a domain-specific language, not a general programming approach: if we know from the start that there are certain computations that we can't/don't want to perform with DCTP, then we know from the start that it only applies to certain domains of programming. This isn't a problem in itself of course - DSLs can be wonderful things. But this can become a problem if you haven't taken the time to define the domain where your DSL is useful, or if that domain turns out to be extremely narrow. Spreadsheets are a wonderful abstraction for some things, but you wouldn't build an OS with them, nor even a simple web app. Perhaps they can extend the abstraction until it can become 'nearly general-purpose' (after all, you wouldn't really write an OS in Java either), but I don't think that's guaranteed. But the second form is also more general, since you can express any computation that way, whereas you can't in the first or third forms. For example: x = A(B) y = D(x) z = C(x, E(y)) Is either an important optimization (possibly affecting asymptotic complexity in more complex cases), important for correctness (if any of the functions have side-effects), or at least more succint than the alternatives (in a lazy language like Haskell). > Larger companies also have a much easier time gaining consent (like Google and Facebook) that clears their usage while smaller companies struggle. I feel the opposite may be true. When the law came to pass, I took some time to review my privacy options on Google and Facebook, since they are a big impact for me. On the other hand, when I click on a link on HN to some random news paper, and get presented with a five-step process to start to see my options, I don't usually bother and dismiss it as soon as I can, probably with some 'opt-in' consent. Since I'm not planning on viewing the site again, I consider it a minor annoyance. That's not enforcement, that's misreading... > it's really quite expressive, powerful, and orthogonal Expressive and powerful are definitely true, but I'm not so sure about 'orthogonal'. Most C++ features seem to depend heavily on each other, and library decisions can impose restrictions/boilerplate on application code in many areas. Especially as the language has evolved, features like exceptions, destructors, copy and move constructors, and operator overloading have become more and more indispensable. Template functions are still required for any kind of variance (e.g. you still can't have a non-template function that works on a const std::shared_ptr or any derived type). None of these is unbearable, but I do believe that even the modern subset of C++ is still the least orthogonal mainstream language in use (and definitely the most complicated by far). To be fair, it's also likely the most expressive mainstream language too, and still the most performant. Oops, I picked a bad example it seems... Apparently `shared_ptr` does some magic to simulate covariance through type conversion. It still breaks in other cases (a function which returns a `shared_ptr ` can't override a function which returns a `shared_ptr `, unlike with derived* and base* ), but it still probably covers most real-world cases. If I had stuck with std::vector my point would have been better. Even though theoretically a `const std::vector ` IS-A `const std::vector `, that is, a read-only view of a collection of derived elements behaves the same as a read-only view of a collection of base elements, you can't pass the first to a function expecting the second in C++, unless you make your own function a template. It could potentially use const-ness for these use cases, though I'm not sure that would be tractable. More realistically, it could allow the programmer to express it explicitly, as in C# (C is covariant in T and contravariant in V) or Java (C is covariant in the first parameter, contravariant in the second). This would not solve the problem that the co-/contra-variance of some types may depend on their const-ness, but it would allow at least a covariant, always read-only, std::vector_view (similar to IEnumerable in C#, which can also be implemented by the invariant List /std::vector ). > Since the function expects all members of the `std::vector const` argument to be `base* `, a caller with a `std::vector ` would have to allocate a new vector and adjust each individual pointer, which would be a terrible hidden runtime cost. I don't think I understand your point. A function which expects a `base* ` can already be passed a `derived* ` without any problems. Doing the same for a collection of `base* ` to a collection of `derived* ` is not fundamentally different, but it does come with significant complications. For one, the language would have to be sure that the collection is read-only, since a function which wants to add something to the collection can't be called with a collection of a different type. More significantly, the language itself has no idea that `std::vector ` is a collection of Ts, while `std::function ` is not a collection. In principle, it may be possible that it could look at all of the members and decide each template argument's variance. Even if that is theoretically possible (I'm not sure it is), it is certainly far too complicated to be a useful feature. That leaves us with the option of some kind of annotation for variance in template parameters (or at use-time, as in Java). Got it, thanks for bearing with me! I wasn't aware of this complexity of multiple inheritance (I guess this is another example of how orthogonal the language is :) ). Why is anyone entitled to own a chip fab? Why is some rich daughter entitled to own a chip fab? Because she is in the current system, while anyone else would have to work their whole lives, and convince hundreds of others to work with them, to create a chip fab, if they wanted to own one. One of the points of Manufacturing Consent is that it's not necessarily the government directly choosing a narrative (that sometimes does happen, especially through selective leaks) but that the news media itself and the people who end up doing editorial policy are largely aligned with the government to begin with. These are the most stable countries in the region because they are the only countries in the region allowed to be stable. Iran is by almost any measure a better country to live in than Saudi Arabia, except that it does not do the bidding of the US, so it is getting illegal sanctions imposed upon it, almost officially recognized industrial sabotage, it is cut off from world banking etc. Note: I'm not claiming Iran is some tortured paradise. It is still a brutal regime, with horrible regressive views and which is acting tyranically towards its own population. It is much worse than Israel in that regard (though at least Iran is not waging a war of aggression on a neighbor sattelite state, and defying UN resolutions and international law in doing so). But it is still significantly better than Saudi Arabia in almost everything to do with human rights. Are you implying that the BDS movement is anti-semitic? That would be an extreme claim, which would require some kind of evidence. Being against Israel's actions towards Palestine, which is far and away the most important topic covered by the BDS movement, is in no way an anti-semitic sentiment. Two state solutions have been offered, agreed upon, and blocked by the US and Israel every time. I am not in any way for citizens of Israel (Jewish or Arab or Christian or whatever else) evacuating the state. However, illegal Israeli colonies on what is universally agreed as Palestinian land are not acceptable. Opening fire on crowds throwing rubber wheels at a wall is not acceptable. Bombing civilian buildings in retaliation for terrorist activities is not acceptable. Blockading humanitarian efforts to deliver food, water, and building materials is not acceptable. Every gram of Palestinian resistance is met with a kiloton of Israeli aggression, almost as official doctrine. This is not acceptable. And all this from the only state in the world which illegally holds nuclear weapons without being a signatory of the non-proliferation agreement, but constantly threatens going to war against a different state for building civilian nuclear infrastructure (which is all the international inspectors have found in Iran for years). No. They can't give it to their daughter, because it's not their factory: it's in the ownership of everyone who participated, since we were assuming no capital to start with. If you aren't born with capital, and don't win the lottery, you can't pay people to build something for you. You can work very hard, together with other people, and build something as a community. This is difficult and almost never happens in practice, as it requires extreme dedication and some alternate revenue stream to be able to live until the thing being built is done and can be used to produce ongoing value. But when this does happen, the end result is in the ownership of the community, it is not any one member's to give away or sell. Alternatively, if you are born with wealth, you can dispense with all that effort, and simply invest several fractions of your wealth in things until you hit on one thing that you can collect rent from. Sure, you'll do some work, but the money accumulated by your ancestors, often built on slave labor, monopolies, theft and other nice things, will do most of the work for you. My proposal is that no one person is entitled to own vastly expensive items that required the work of countless people to create. Those items should generally be collectively owned by the people who designed and built them. The profits from operating them should go to the people operating them (which includes marketing and sales people and whatever else is needed), in some democratically chosen percentage. I said nothing about the state in this. I am still talking exclusively about private property. And as for food, I believe people are entitled to life, and by implication to anything required to sustain it, such as food, medication, water, air etc. The exact means for realizing this entitlement (free food? UBI? I don't know) are not clear, but the fact that you can starve to death in a country with enough food to feed the whole medieval world is a travesty. That is one aspect, but there is even more: in general, people who rise in positions of power, such as editorial positions on major media outlets, or political power, or capital, tend to have similar beliefs and interests. This is because of things like common education institution and social bonds. Essentially, if your opinions are significantly different from those of most politicians (on the important topics), you're unlikely to rise up through the ranks in most major institutions. In an ideal world, they should have more of a say than 'take it or leave it'. And in fact, for most of human history, people who produced things did have more say than that. I was also talking about democratic governance among the worker-owners: this is how cooperatives work in general. The strict top-to-bottom autocracy of regular corporations is not the only possible system of governance for a successful market actor. As for food, it's not so much capitalism as enormous state subsidies that affect the price of food in America. And living on 2-3$ worth of food a day will not lead you to a long life. Also, how is someone refusing you the right to take food when you are starving not actively taking your life from you? Agreed, and I never mentioned repossession. I was taking about ideal notions of entitlement, not practical measures for realizing that entitlement. There are people rich enough in this world that they could probably buy a chip fab 'money down' from their own finances. If that is somehow exaggerated, there are certainly people rich enough that they could buy, say, a shoe factory, or a brewery. The point still stands. Also, even if you involve a bank: the rich daughter can get credit to buy a factory, while the worker in the factory certainly could not.