I absolutely don't get it. The CoffeeScript code looks way to obscure to me. I don't need more punctuation marks. List comprehensions can just be written in JavaScript very easily. jQuery provides them OOTB. Improved switch statements seems pointless when you can use a dispatch table. I'm all for better OO syntax, but I'd much prefer something slightly more verbose and transparent. This looks like an attempt to put Perl in the browser. I have to say that after doing a python project I totally don't get why people love it so much. The syntax is slightly cleaner, but the lack of threading, first-class functions and dependency management tools make it waste at least as much time as it saves. I honestly don't believe in the concept of a programming language being able to make code more or less readable. A Java project with a POM file can be up and running on any OS in about 5 minutes. Sorry, I should have said "lack of true threading in CPython" by which I mean the GIL limitation. And lambda expressions are lame compared to what you can do in JavaScript/Perl/Scala. And the build tools suck compared to Maven which is saying a lot. Maven is cross-platform and install-free. It takes a long time to makes head and tails of pip, easy_install and virtualenv and it still does less than Maven. I read it and their code examples are not great. Too many abbreviated and meaningless variable names. I'd say it's a byproduct of the fact that only in-the-know developers are using CoffeeScript, while JavaScript is being written by every rank-and-file amateur web dev in the world. There is likely an inverse correlation between language popularity and median code quality. Terse isn't the same as expressive. Consider Scala vs Java. In Java, definining a singleton involves implementing a design pattern in one of a few ways. Maybe you have a private constructor and a static initializer. In Scala you define your class with `object` and it's done. That's concise and expressive. In Java, if your generic class has a lower bound you write Class Foo while in Scala you write def Foo[T http://mercurial.selenic.com/ I personally hate the index. It gets in my way far more often than I actually make use of it. DRY. DRY DRY DRY. I wonder if investment will start to take a hit when they understand the enormous risk they are taking. Have you seen those "sponsored results" on Google? Better ban all their apps too. I work for a agency that does pretty substantial projects ($1-10M range) and we've done a fair amount of backbone. Angular has gotten a lot of chatter, but isn't really suitable for our kinds of projects. Honestly, Maven is way easier, more powerful and works identically on Win, Linux or Mac. The key is that Java let's you set classpath as a command line arg and pythonpath is an environment variable. It was less consistent, but there some brilliant ones. The brain switching episodes is one of my all-time favorites. "to keep the repository clean" Seems like not a worthy objective. Has anyone here ever had a project saved by a tidy commit history? 311 has had analytics for years. Either this guy is better at it than the last few guys or he is better at self-promoting. Confirmed. I give interviews and people get offers or not based on my feedback. I also don't know what I'm doing. It could be Imposter's Syndrome or maybe that's just what imposters tell themselves. I'm in the high-end web consulting biz and there is no shortage of customers looking for fork over millions for an end-to-end solution. Even at the low-end that he is bemoaning, the plethora of off-the-shelf tools is coupled with a massive explosion is the number of businesses requiring a web presence. Now they can all get a decent looking site up for cheap or even just a Facebook page for nothing, but the next frontier will be differentiating themselves from their competitors which will require professional services. Having an in-demand skill gives you a ton of leverage. I'm a 35 year old father of two and a tech arch. My job requires long hours around releases and the like but if there isn't an urgent need, I will just get up and leave whenever my family needs me or I just really want to see them. They can fire me if they don't like it, but they really have no choice because I'm too hard to replace. Didn't the White House already confirm most of his accusations are true? Rasmussen has been dinged in the past for having a right-wing bias. It consistently gave higher support for Romney than other posters. The recent Pew poll showed moderately favorable views of NSA snooping. More interestingly, it showed that Democrats had suddenly become a lot more trusting while Republicans were suddenly dubious. A reversal from when Bush was caught spying on us. The difference is that the NSA is taking away our freedom while the Great Firewall is ensuring a harmonious society. If torture gains information but breeds new terrorists then it isn't efficient. Headline should be "cost of storage", not "cost to store". They have to pay a lot of guys like Ed Snowden $200,000/yr to maintain a database that size. I think the key is that we don't have Article 58. Per the quote in the op-ed, the NSA has had the ability to make America a tyrrany since 1975 and it hasn't done so. None of history's police states required digital surveillance. What they required was, you know, tyranny. We don't have any right now. I look at this purely as a question of privacy and due process. I was pretty critical when I saw this on reddit 4 years ago. I'm not really a fan of git and didn't understand what the point of this site was that we couldn't get from sourceforge. The same has been said many times about Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest. I still don't really understand most of them, but I guess that's why I'm not a millionaire. I agree that they don't have the right to do this, I just don't think it amounts to tyranny. The Soviet Union was a police state because the national security apparatus was used not just for national security, but also for mercilessly squashing political dissent. A policy enforced with an iron fist by unelected oligarchs. As an analogy, consider how Americans view gun ownership in relation to gun crime as opposed how Europeans might view it. Crime is the telltale of a criminal, not having a gun. The creator of imgur was a reddit user who made no attempt to hide it. It was initially done as a side project for the benefit of reddit users and then spiralled into something much bigger. It's this guy: http://www.reddit.com/user/MrGrim In context, the stuff Carter complains about is baby stuff. But then you run the risk of resting on your laurels. When I hear people complain about having their freedoms taken, I think about Braveheart when William Wallace wanted to freedom to be ruled by Scottish monarchs instead of English ones. Both of which would be tyranny to a modern American. We need to keep raising the bar every generation. I think the difference is the decrease in scarcity. There's a reason that intensive agriculture marks the beginning of what we consider civilization. Aside from the fact that it requires sedentary living, it removed the constant threat of starvation and relieved us of our basest instinct to kill or be killed. Human progress and arguably human evolution has gone beyond our genetic destiny and is now shaped by our works. People who live in first-world countries are unlikely to ever face a shortage of high-quality food, potable water, sanitation, basic medical care. There are simply fewer things to fight about. Pointing out that neither Russia nor Iraq have evolved into liberal democracies the instant they escaped despotism, is hardly conclusive. The number of democracies in the world is always on the slow rise. When Russia overthrew the tsar, they thought they had a better idea and decided to give it a try. Not every experiment is a success. When South Korea escaped war with half a country, they traded occupation for an authoritarian Democracy that devolved into despotism and eventually evolved into a true liberal democracy. The process took a good 30+ years. Progress isn't linear, but it is steady. I learned it when I took martial arts lessons in college. I think a lot of athletes are taught to do it. I belly breath all the time now, but I don't know if it's because I was trained or I was always doing it. I bet it doesn't. Just browsing wikipedia, it seems that the man riding in on his white horse has sent journalists to prison for writing unflattering editorials about him. A million readers just staightened their backs and puffed their chests. You're probably in the extreme minority. Also, President Correa has sent journalists to prison for writing unflattering OP-EDs. It's funny that you have such a distrust of American politics, but automatically assume that Ecuadorean politicians are better. If the problem is her mitochondria, can't they just use dad's? The Rosenberg's were convicted of giving nuclear secrets to the Soviets. That is a clearcut case of aiding and abetting our nation's enemies. Scooter Libby was sentenced to 30 months for outing a covert agent (sentence commuted by Bush). John Kiriakou similarly received a 30 month sentence for leaking classified info as well as outing a covert agent. Snowden leaked a load of classified data, but did so to journalists (as with Libby and Kiriakou) and did not out any agents or put any Americans in harms way. It seems likely that he would not come close to a capital case and would probably receive less than the 30 months imposed on leakers who outed agents. Reported by Daily Caller? It's quite possibly not real. Their social media team must be aces to get Tucker Carlson this much cred on HN and Reddit. All every human society has ever had is priveleges. What exactly did George Carlin think was the alternative? Who the hell else is going to guarantee your right not to be murdered for speaking your mind? How is this misinformation? It's 100% true that end-to-end encryption is unbreakable. It would seem the effect is to inspire confidence that our national secutiry apparatus is doing everything it can to head off threats before they happen. It seems that 90% of the outrage is container on reddit and HN. Good thing I stopped using mail like 7 years ago. That's both fascinating and inspiring, but note that the story is here is that are just reading the outside of envelopes, not the contents. And nothing is being censored. Government agents literally drive all over America with loaded guns. It's only a matter before they start killing us all. I doubt they're waiting to crack all that data. More likely they hold and if/when the owner is implicated in a crime, they will compel him to give up the password. Courts have compelled defendants to decrypt data seized in a legal search before. They could also maybe extract the password surreptitiously with more traditional investigation. Like looking over their shoulder when they type it. Microsoft has been just as cooperative with the NSA as Google. They have access to Bing and Skype. “Carousels are effective at being able to tell people in Marketing/Senior Management that their latest idea is on the Home Page." Precisely correct. This is why they exist and why they are so useful at resolving disputes. FTA: "In theory, this elevated tube system" So, yeah. Not a tunnel. A lot of times I see a resume with a laundry list of skills at the top like languages, app servers, CMS systems etc. First I thing I do is check the experience and make sure the skills are actually mentioned as having been used on a project. Otherwise, I assume you are padding to meet the req. Of course. If you are a legitimate suspect, any local police department can get a warrant to go inside your house and put your underpants in plastic bags and take them away. For that matter, they can cuff you and put you in jail. The question is what is the NSA doing without a warrant or rubber-stamped, secret, blanket warrants. What do they mean by bypass encryption? If I use outlook.com (or gmail.com or whatever) over https, then it's encrypted over the wire, but it's obviously decrypted on their servers. It's the only way that search could work. I assume if you are PGP encrypting your messages or something equivalent, it's still unbreakable. I posted this because I had just been handed a resume with this pitfall. Asked him about mystery skills X & Y and he told he had done some training, but never used them on a project. Lesson is: don't lie. The NSA is skating on very thin constitutional ice, but honestly they haven't really done anything that even qualifies as evil. The KGB did this kind of spying, but they did for the express purpose of sending dissenters to gulag. I haven't seen so much as a credible accusation that the NSA are doing anything other than their duly authorized mission. The difference is that the colonists had no recourse. "No taxation without representation" and all that. Without sending delegates to parliament, they had no channels to complain through, so rebellion was the only option. We could end the NSA completely by voting for candidates who support that. The business terms are "cost center" and "profit center". If you do IT for a financial firm, you are a cost to be controlled. If you do product development at a software company, your work contributes directly to profits and the more of you there are, the more profit they make. I can add that aside from software, consulting also treats programmers as profit makers although clients will see you as a huge cost. Good companies know that IT facilitates their work and should be treated with respect, but that mindset is still the exception rather than the rule. The one an interviewer told me I had asked an excellent question, was to ask how IT is viewed within this (financial) organization We've fallen into a trap where no one will believe the program is over regardless of what he says, so he gets no benefit from actually doing it. The appeals court opinion stated in no uncertain terms that the reason they ruled the way they did is that the plaintiffs had no standing since the statute unequivocally excludes American citizens or anyone captured on American soil. The AUMF basically just extends POW-type status to non-state actors (Al Qaeda and Taliban in particular) which makes perfect sense to me. "why wouldn't I just buy and iPad?" Because they are expensive and completely locked down? The DDoS-proof solution is to put your repo on your own infrastructure. Not OP, but my last project on github ran for about 6 months and had at least 3 outages on the order minutes or hours. Didn't shut down the project, but it was worrisome and I don't think they were DDoS attacks. There is a fundamential principle of programming that I think most failed programmers can't wrap their head around at that is GIGO. When you start typing words, most people will have trouble with the rigorous and literal interpretation of words that are normally far more expressive and nebuluous when shared with people instead of computers. And, if I may step way out on a limb, this is especially difficult for women and seems to be a major tripping point for women who are otherwise more than bright enough to be good programmers. I think that Isla seems to be usable for any minimally literate kids (like 6 years old) and can impart GIGO while being really simple and fun. It's not a replacement for BASIC, but it can be seen as a stepping stone to it. My daughter is 5 and just learning to read. If I get her going with Isla while she's doing kindergarten, can she attend Hacker School this summer? I know a family in an expensive neighborhood of an elite east coast city where the wife has spent the 5 years since receiving her PhD at home with her kids. I think I'd rather do 2 years at Club Fed in the US than be under FSB control in Russia. I mean, Putin straight kills journalists. That isn't remotely the same thing. Max sentence is unlikely. Libby and Kiriakou both got 30 months and they exposed covert agents which Snowden did not (I know Libby served no time, but he was still sentenced). If Snowden is brought home to face charges, he will probably get a worse sentence now because he fled. UCMJ. He was active duty military, not a civilian. He hasn't been charged with treason and if he were, he'd be acquitted. It's worth noting that prior to the internet there was absolutely no way of creating intercept-proof communication. Whilst I don't want companies handing over the SSL keys any more than you do, we have only had truly secure communication protocols available to the public for the past 10 or so years of human history. I've been slowly coming to thus realization every time I read about another gotcha with MongoDB or any of other upstarts who are running into problems Oracle solved 15 years ago. I'm surprised Oracle isn't leveraging BerkeleyDB more to combat the NoSQL upstarts. It's languished since the acquisition even though it had a big headstart. The NYPD fly helicopters over the city pretty much all day every day. And they are probably armed with something or other. The FBI drones are not. Drone surveillance can never be illegal by definition since they can only observe things in public view. I wish people would stop worrying about specific tactics, be it drones or decrypting SSL traffic, and worry about due process. There are literally tens of thousands of armed government agents on the streets of every municipality of America and have been for hundreds of years. I have a flight to LA tomorrow. Any chance this will be ready by tonight? I've heard this before and never understood why. Why? Same here. Data notwithstanding, I've done a lot of job interviews for candidates with the right resume and most are not hirable. Software engineering is a field where quality is hugely important. When is the last time the US government was so much as credibly suspected of assasinating absolutely anyone - journalist or otherwise - on American soil? Fairway in the NY area has an olive oil bar with about dozen varieties and bread for dipping. Most are domestic and labelled as such. The nuance in flavor is easily detectable. I find most supermarket brands taste about the same. The olive taste is so distinct you'd never confuse it for canola, corn or anything else. Yeah, the Salon article is thinly veiled editorial. It extrapolates quite a bit from what Hayden actually said which was pretty reasonable. He is not saying hackers=terrorists, but rather some hackers may turn to terrorism-style attacks and he is probably correct. Capitalism sucks sometimes. So at what point (if ever) did you hire someone to be in charge of customer acquisition? You need a warrant, but honestly we don't know if that isn't the case here. It's come up before that the NSA, FBI et al, serve warrants for encrypted data and can demand it be decrypted. Otherwise, services like lavabit are equivalent to Swiss bank accounts that are unreachable by any means, legitimate or otherwise. Realistically, this service was almost certainly hosting a ton a illegal activities. I think the trick here is that lavabit can't share data even with a warrant. Their inability to do so is pretty much their entire business model. That protects people from unwarranted intrusions, but it also insulates people from legitimate investigation. If they build a backdoor for only duly authorized warrants, they are no more or less obligated to comply with an NSL. Google, Yahoo, MS, etc don't encrypt their data and they had the same choice to make when served with a NSL or whatever. They fought through legal channels to some degree before caving. Shutting down operations was technically possible, though infeasible. They could have spoken out publicly and accepted the consequences. I doubt they think twice about handing over data requested in a warrant nor should they. I'm thinking now that if he had just been ordered to turn over some data, shutting down his service wouldn't let him off the hook. They must have asked for a back door or some other ongoing intrusion. So long as they are doing this to target legitimate national security threats, it isn't. There is no filter on free speech nor any hint that one might be coming. Right now it's just overzealous prosecution that is nipping at the 4th amendment. The 1st amendment is secure for now. You've just discovered the reason our investment banking system is so screwed up. Earn $20M on your trades this year? Take $500K as a bonus. Those same investments lose $30M the year after? Well, now your bonus is just $30K and maybe you'll do better next year. If they asked him to produce customer data and he deletes instead, then he is in violation. If they asked him to install some middleware for all his traffic, he can just say "Sure, but I don't have any traffic anymore". I don't think the encryption thing is the problem. I honestly have a hard time accepting that he was unable to provide decrypted content even with a warrant. That pretty much makes this a Swiss bank account for data and you better believe criminals would be all over it. I'd rather go through legal channels to end violations of due process. It reminds me a lot of Kurt Vonnegut. "All persons, living and dead, are purely coincidental." and "We are here on Earth to fart around. Don't let anybody tell you any different." I've read a few stories today about Snapchat mostly around the supposed co-founder suing for a slice of their pie. I swear I've never heard of it before today. And their website is just a picture of two women getting electrocuted while taking a picture of the sun. Does it support multiple pods in the tube at once? Government would be the slickest grease to get this problem solved quicklky as he direclty outlines in his plan. If you want to lay 1000 miles of track (or tube) through private land, you need to get about 50,000 signed up. His plan to put it alongside a highway means you only need one approval. It's funny because it's not me. So I'm used to configuring stuff by hand, and now I see a lot of buzz around docker, vagrant, chef, puppet, salt and they seem like glorified shell scripts. Am I missing something? I've seen this trend forming over the last 3-4 years. Backend technology now has a vast wealth of frameworks, tools and hosted services to choose from. People still bicker over Django vs Rails or even Spring, but regardless any of these are so vastly superior to what we were working with 10 years ago. Cloud hosting has been another huge disruptor. We still have plenty of work, but on a typical web project nowadays, client-side development has seen increasing demands and slower uptake of new technology thus shifting the project bottlenecks form backend to front. Expectations are higher since the capabilities are there, but we've only just passed the hump of supporting IE6 and now we have to worry about phones. I'm reading this python example ( http://docs.docker.io/en/latest/examples/python_web_app/ ) and it's a wrapper for running bash scripts with arcane syntax layered on top. Whole thing makes no sense. Unless they are planning on going full retard and abducting/killing/imprisoning someone, then minor harassment just makes you look like assholes. Impotent assholes at that. Cameron is bad, but he isn't Putin. Greenwald knows his threats are idle. Obama has been playing it cool and making some token concessions which is a much more media-savvy approach. This is like when Dave Chappelle walked on his show because he couldn't deal with being so successful. I honestly don't understand, but then again I've never been within 100 miles of that kind of problem. It's not ethnocentrism, it's real. Even from wealthy countries in East Asia where the strict Confucian relationships put huge burdens on women. Obviously, a lot if not most people are inured to those cultures and don't like the Euro/American level of cultural freedom. The ones who moved are the ones who couldn't deal with the oppression. Ethnocentrism would imply racism, whereas our pluralism is one of the ways our culture is more free. Korea and Japan are wealthy, first-world liberal democracies, but they abhor immigration and remain 99% ethnically homogenous. The weakness of their cultures is (ironically) ethnocentrism. And even though Western Europe is much better, no place really matches America on this one. My point is that holding him in an airport for few hours is piss poor attempt at intimidation. I've been subjected to worse at the hands of baggage handlers strike or a heavy storm. It doesn't closely resemble the former Eastern Bloc at all. I generally abhor motor vehicles of all kinds and hate driving, but when I saw a Model S roll past me while walking to work, I had to push my jaw back up. The lines are just so luscious. This isn't an issue of expansive bureaucracy. In fact, it's the opposite. The lack of controls on the executive, and the national security apparatus in particular. There's nothing about this case that goes beyond 1 or 2 agencies that have existed for decades and do a lot of legitimately useful things. They just need to stop issuing blanket warrants. That's it. So, that's a lot of marketing speak. Is this being positioned as an alternative to products like Varnish and F5? XML::Simple was glorious for working with 1-100K documents. I've used it on bigger docs and it actually handles them pretty gracefully although I've never tried at scale. Considering that his proposal is geared towards defusing their anger as opposed to entrapment or proactive punishment, this seems like a pretty decent idea. And it's not like conspiracy theorists don't foment criminal and even deadly behavior sometimes. Yeah, but this one doesn't really make me mad. Also, I still don't respect conspiracy theorists because they seem to just live finding conspiracies to be mad at. The Iraq invasion happened on live TV and was trumpeted as a patriotic success . It was worse than every conspiracy real or imagined during the Obama administration. I took a job after the dot com bust where I knew at the interview they were not a high-quality team, but I felt like I had no choice. I took the job and was told after a year there and at age 25 that my tech skills were "the finished product" which was high praise, but just made me sad. I was by far their best programmer but only because the rest of the team were nearly worthless. So invasive you'd rather have a guy grab your junk? "Anybody who needs more than 64Mb/task - tough cookies" The beginning of his verbal abuse seemed so innocent. Neighborhoods doesn't tell the whole story in New York because we have a subway. We are integrated at the breating space level on a daily basis. The TSA guy has done it a thousand times and thinks nothing of it. You forgot the category of willing and able to pay for it, but steal it because they can. That is probably 80% of them. Ditto for movies/music. I hardly talk to my neighbors too. I do most talking with my friends and coworkers. Comparing frameworks to hammers is the completely wrong analogy too. A framework is, you know, a framework. Like insetead of buying 30 different hammers to build a framework, you buy a framework. Then you don't need a hammer. And the framework has slots for your fixtures that use standard fasteners so you can rely on fewer hammers and screwdrivers. Put up some siding and your house is done. Well, HR does have final say-so in terms of logistics. Like does the candidate require sponsorship to work in this country, do they have a criminal record, did their reference say they were an asshole, are they asking for more money than we can afford. Even judging personality and communication skills is not outside their expertise. The lesson of this article is to not use personality tests. I worked IT at a bank and they administered a test like this (Meyers-Briggs). Not during the hiring process, it was intended to be used by managers to build teams based on personality quadrant. I'm pretty sure the results were ignored though. When I worked in a "war room" one of the guys got us on a pushup routine. 2-3 times a day everyone stops what they're doing and does pushups. Start with as many as you can do (even if it's 5) and just do it a few times a day and you'll build up strength really quick. The guy who started it was about 40 and pretty heavy. We had two mid-30s moms in our room who got in on it and worked up to 20 pushups (from their feet, not knees) in a few weeks. Sadly, the band broke up after a while and moved to different areas, but it was pretty awesome while it lasted. I think there is an enormous difference between accessing a public website and what weev did. He walked into an unlocked house, copied personal documents, and published them. Just because he didn't use a crowbar doesn't make it any less intentionally criminal. We also have a thing called apartment buildings. Hundreds of homes stacked vertically and centrally heated is still the efficiency champion. Where does the electricity come from and where does his bodily effluence go? They probably should be, but I'm not aware of any law against it. Failure to secure sensitive customer data? That should at least be a fineable offense. If a customer was provably injured by this hack, they would probably have grounds for civil suit. Perligata ( https://metacpan.org/module/DCONWAY/Lingua-Romana-Perligata-... ) always blew my mind. Write your programs in pure Latin. I think Voyager may be approaching the Phantom Zone. Perl is definitely for free thinkers. Most people aren't even wearing bullet-proof helmets when they sit next to a window leaving them totally vulnerable to snipers. They get what they deserve. He kinda ignored supply and demand. Personal car ownership is a pain in cities, but livery fleets are huge. Hello and welcome to Johnny Cab. I think that saying it's the second coming is misleading. It was no longer considered sexy and cutting edge by the startup community, but as the web spread to every corner of every industry it was by far the language and platform of choice for thousands of IT departments. The result is an unmatched galaxy of scalable products that can be dropped in to any web application. This isn't actually a usable API, it's a page that you can paste into. Similar to http://appear.in , but no screensharing. Being open source is a big plus. Using HTTPS everywhere doesn't really help much. It doesn't help at all if the surveillers either have your cert or access to decrypted traffic inside the firewall. Any PII being sent over the wire should most definitely be encrypted, but encrypting my access to a news site isn't really hiding anything. The requested URL still need to be unencrypted, you'd just be encrypting content that is already availble unencrypted. This is basically pub/sub messaging, but over the internet? I work in web consulting where we frequently take on a project from scratch (greenfield or otherwise) and ramp it up quickly in 6-18 months then hand off to the client who will likely maintain it for a year or two or three then redesign (nature of the projects, not a result of quality). My company is pushing for more and more sophisticated automated testing at the time that I'm starting to think that automated testing is costing us more effort than it's actually saving. Our bugs are, as you say, predominantly misunderstood requirements. The tests never catch them. Even with correctly understood requirements, unit tests frequently miss edge cases. Something that gets missed in so many of these process debates is that different kinds of work require different processes. If your job is to maintain a massive software product, then automated tests are probably your bread and butter. But for my line of work, they just ain't. I'm saying there's a curve measuring the time spent writing tests and the time the lifespan of the application. Think of like the rent vs buy debate. Tests are a the big downpayment you make hoping that it will pay off in the future. The kind of project my company does are rentals. Same reason we rarely do major refactors. There is an inverse relationship the number articles title "x explained simply" and the actual simplicity of x. I honestly don't understand why the developer community refuses to admit the obvious that git is unholy clusterfuck of a product. It has a nice data structure inside it? Name another end-user product for which you are even vaguely aware of what data structures were used. That's not it. Following any reasonable workflow still requires a set of arcane commands and flags that only make the slightest bit of sense if you know how git is implemented. I was able to use SVN successfully without ever knowing a thing about the implementation. I've generally had the same experience with HG and even CVS and VSS back in the day. Git adds sophistication over a prodcut like SVN, but adds vastly more complexity. People who refuse to see the ugliness in git are the same people who think it's manly to live on the command line. Using git through Eclipse looks a lot like using SVN through Eclipse. If I right-click on a file and go Team > Replace With > Remote and select 'origin master' is saves me from trying to remember the obscure list of flags I need to pass to the command line to do the same thing. The fact that I can select files to add/commit with checkboxes and permanently check a box that will push every commit is exactly what I want 99% of the time. I know that isn't the "git way", but the "git way" has no value for the kind of projects I work on. If you rebase aren't you destroying that history of experimentation? I feel like this is destroying the whole idea of a VCS as a safety net and making developers self-conscious about something that supposed to tolerant of mistakes. If it's a feature branch, doesn't that strongly imply that more than one developer might need to commit to it? > You need clean commits on the history to be able to understand the code later on. Really? That seems like an extraordinarily obtuse way to understand code. I would think comments directly the source files would be more useful. Commit history shows how they arrived at that result and that's what I would rather see there. When does the "next guy" ever look at revision history to see what's going on? I only ever look at the current state. If I want to see how it diverged from my last commit or the last commit before whatever milestone or release, I will diff the current version against that version ignoring every commit in between. Not on most projects, no. We are on my current project and the review tool is based on tasks, not commits and can review multiple commits in a single session if they are all related to the same task. Regardless, I am only ever reviewing the end state. I'm having a mid-career crisis much like OP and the notion of freelancing is enticing. Can you tell me more about how it is more fulfilling, lees frustrating and how you find quality gigs? Having worked with Accenture on a government project in the past, they will milk CA dry and staff up with an army of worthless college grads at inflated bill rates and send their profits to the Cayman Islands to avoid taxes. That's all true and the $327M price tag is misleading, but they still spent on the order of several million on the actual buildout of the website and fucked it up. It does not inspire confidence that the rest of the money was well spent. Yeah, and I see that approach mostly failing. The notion of resource-orientation and HTTP verbs is really useful, but being true to Fielding's dream is not a priority for most organizations. Stronger typing and explicit descriptors are really useful in an enterprise environment. SOAP is RPC. It's fundamentally different. REST is not completely undone just because you want validation. Without a schema or DDL, you're still validating but you're doing it in code. If you want strongly-typed RPC integration with generated clients then something like Thrift, protobuf or Avro are vastly superior. Very simple and lightweight. A schema allows for declarative validation and allows it to be defined once and once per consumer. I think it's pretty relevant. The car was in a bad accident that no car would survive. Had this been a gasoline vehicle, the damage probably would have been much worse and there would have been a higher chance of the passengers getting caught in the fire. I like verbose. Some of the bloated patterns populat in enterprise Java are overly verbose, but the language itself is pretty nice for me. I don't think he really proved his thesis. It seems like NYC is churning out artists at a faster rate than ever before. Most of our finest amenities and cultural institutions are thoroughly available to the 99%. I was at Brooklyn Bridge Park this weekend and it just felt like the pinnacle of urban society. The underpriveleged get cheap lacrosse lessons ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/29/nyregion/adding-diversity-... ), Smorgasburg was grillin' up maple bacon, the hibachis in the picnic area were firing, kids were swinging on tires, there were soccer teams and amateur anglers pulling in East River bluefish. It was utterly spectacular. I just did the oral defense for my doctoral dissertation on CSS floats. Actually, the SAT (American college entrance exam) penalizes wrong answers more than non-answers. A non-answer gets you no points, but a wrong answer gets points subtracted. When Bender meets Flexo they exchange serial numbers and burst out laughin. When Fry asks what's so funny, they say their numbers can be expressed as the sum of two cubes. IE won't support WebRTC anytime soon. That's not these guys fault. If you've spent too much time in jQuery you might not realize that streaming is supported by the underlying XMLHttpRequest object. The readyState property can be set to LOADING or DONE. Most applications will wait for DONE so they have a complete document to work with. A "normal" payload will be small enough that the lag between LOADING and DONE is tiny, but a big download can definitely be parsed as it loads. Imagine an HTML doc with inline JavaScript. That JavsScript is evaluated as soon as it's encountered and doesn't wait for a page load that may never happen. This is the equivalent to buying a house or car with cash to save on interest. Of course you save money by paying full-price up front instead of financing. It only works if you have that much cash available though. Linus doesn't work on git anymore and I don't see what Linux has to do with anything. GitHub is to me the main reason for the success of git which I've discovered is incredibly difficult to use without GitHub. BitBucket good for me. "Head count: Node.js. Typically they are seeing anywhere from ⅓ to 1/10 the number of developers needed on the new stack vs the old stack." That's ridiculously implausible. I know node is more concise, but 300-1000% productivity increase doesn't come from less typing. Even if we assume they had a lengthy build/restart cycle on some J2EE web container, that could only plausibly increase output by 10-20%. Sounds like they had an absolutely shitty application architecture and he convinced them to do something both reasonable and modern with the former being the biggest improvement. The market still has to be willing to buy at $40+ which they evidently are. They do this expecting to sell down the line for even more. I'm personally shocked they have that much revenue. Is it just selling ads? That's an oversimplification. For one thing, stocks can pay dividends even though few do anymore and Twitter seems unlikely to do so any time soon. Also, there's no reason the hype needs to ever die. GE has been trading for 120 years. Poor separation of concerns can be easily solved in J2EE and build/restart can be solved with something like JRebel or just using a lighter contain like Jetty for dev. I'm just saying Java to Node is not going to give everyone a huge increase in productivity. Programming in itself doesn't even solve most of the worst bottlenecks. I think it represents the illusion of a casual and collegial work environment. Rather it's the lube they apply before sodomizing you. My new employer is not a startup, but tries to emulate that culture. Workers are encouraged to leave at 2:00 for company booze fiestas, but I just got a warning for taking unplanned days off to be with my sick child. They didn't happen at the same time and it wasn't an official warning. I just get a sense of them wanting me to work more hours and maybe let my wife take care of the kids (she works in the same industry and gets the same pressure). I think they know better than to just say it bluntly, but they are applying social pressure to which I am completely immune. My wife once got a blunt "your kids are preventing you from working the requisite 70 hours" speech from a "friend" who hired her with the promise of being family-friendly. She quit the next day. Lack of support for algebraic data types sunk my last project said no one ever. I honestly think it will. Especially for high-performance applications it's going to start making serious inroads. Financial and scientific applications will start the trend and once some infrastructure and best practices get established, it will start seeping into the mainstream. Having a big name like Google behind it is a lot more assuring to businesses than hacker-driven projects like nodejs or academic-driven ones like Scala. Go is built for industry. This is aimed at business. I already know for sure that my work computer, email, chat, etc can be read at will by my IT department. They can also hand over absolutely all of it to law enforcement at the slightest whiff of liability. So, really the NSA business is not relevnt. I count that as highly unlikely. I think it's more likely for hackers to find an exploit than for the NSA to willingly collect and sell information. "I think the human condition really lends itself to exploring the world like this." The universality of the human condition is what made me get bored with travelling. I've never done a trip like this one, but I did once pack a suitcase and move to a country where I didn't know anyone and stayed for almost 2 years. Everyone everywhere is fundamentally the same. Human civilization has been slowly building momentum towards the singularity and the current vanguard is our modern first-world urban environments. I already live in one of the best ones and don't like leaving. As a parent and old man, I still have no idea what value SnapChat or Twitter have. Zulily is something I use regularly. Consider the incentives. What's the penalty for stamping the passport of a would-be terrorist? Fired, shamed, guilty conscience for life. What's the penalty for deporting a fun-loving Canadian? Angry blog post. Easy call for them. Not to make light of this serious subject, but this isn't what a Police State is. A Police State refers to use of the police for political ends. Like arresting dissidents or placing armed guards next to voting booths. It does not refer to overly aggressive enforcement and certainly not to the enforcement of laws some people don't like. Drug prohibition was a response to public outcry and we live in a democracy. I've become a real fan of Flask and the core framework does very little beyond managing request routing and having a simple framework for using jinja templates. Everything else should be optional. My day job is Spring MVC which is an absolute behemoth. It's an application framework more than just a web framework and the plethora of gadgets are useful for alleviating a lot of architecture decisions, but I'm sure I could get by without them. That's a roundabout argument and I don't think you can prove any criminal intent about that. Unless you can prove that the political process encourages the targeting of minorities, then it's just an enforcement issue. And not every state will ban you from voting for a non-violent offense. You're blaming USPS, but the problem is that you live in an apartment building. Such is life in the city. I live in Brooklyn as well and I solve this problem by having a doorman :) http://www.reddit.com/r/panichistory Oh, it is. Just because you are subject to confirmation bias doesn't mean you're wrong. I'm not a cyclist, but I can't stand all the cars clogging up my city. So dirty and noisy and dangerous. I'm not convinced cycling is the answer though. Mass transit is best. At least until we all have electric self-driving cars. I'm thinking of a fleet of self-driving taxis or zipcars. You wouldn't need to park, wouldn't need traffic signals, wouldn't lean on your horn or do things that inspire someone to lean on their horn and maybe wouldn't need to park. Looking at Spring request mappings is the last thing I could do in Eclipse that I couldn't do in IntelliJ. Found this quote on HN a while back: I divide my officers into four groups. There are clever, diligent, stupid, and lazy officers. Usually two characteristics are combined. Some are clever and diligent -- their place is the General Staff. The next lot are stupid and lazy -- they make up 90 percent of every army and are suited to routine duties. Anyone who is both clever and lazy is qualified for the highest leadership duties, because he possesses the intellectual clarity and the composure necessary for difficult decisions. One must beware of anyone who is stupid and diligent -- he must not be entrusted with any responsibility because he will always cause only mischief. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_von_Hammerstein-Equord Oh yeah, a Chosen One fantasy: http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheChosenOne Conspiracy theorists really drive me nuts for so many reasons. We invaded Iraq after spending months trumpeting it in the press and the perpretators used it as a plank in elections. The worst crimes are just not secret. They do it in our faces and there are many, many people who think it's great. A secret trade deal may let companies sue for something or other in foreign countries? There are people getting elected on a platform of denying evolution and climate change! New York City recently launched it's CitiBike program and set up bike racks in spots that used to be reserved for street parking and you should have seen people flipping out despite the fact that less than 50% of us actually own cars. And let's not forget about the amount of space we dedicate cars being able to move around. Parallax. Now I'm curious about the mattress industry. I have always wondered why mattresses need salesmen and dedicated stores. I'd love to see a game where the point is to seize another country's natural resources under the guise of spreading democracy. Call of Duty: Blood for Oil. Actually, it would be way worse if a game like that was a hit. That would imply we people have trouble killing on a battlefield which would seem to be patently false. The fact that the NSA needed help to setup Sharepoint fills me with confidence that they have no idea what they're doing. I'm guessing the password to the call log metadata is on a post-it note somewhere. Government hires contractors for the same reason private companies do. They can easily ramp up headcount then ramp it back down. It's doubly valuable when your full-time workforce are protected by numerous legal and union regulations. When a project needs 100 technical resources asap, recruiting that many people is very difficult and expensive. Even for a private company without regulations on pay and hours. There are only a handful of IT services companies out there capable of staffing that many people at once, so bidding is less than competitive. If funding is cut for that project, just fire the contractor and you're free and clear. I understand your point, but the NSA's mission is confined to cross-border communication. Eavesdropping within foreign governments should not be allowed. I think that Learning Perl and Programming Perl were the books that put O'Reilly on the map. Lerning Perl was the best intro to programming book of it's generation for sure. I'm one of maybe 10-12 architects at some stupid company and I make more than everyone at Buffer including the CEO. I used to work in government (US municipality) and every single employee's salary (10s of thousands of people) was public record.