I haven't used it yet, but intrigued by your comment I did a bit of research, and here's the gist of what I have understood: the company behind Silver is RemObjects, and they offer a cross-platform compiler suite called Elements, which supports three languages: C#, Oxygene (their own creation, apparently heavily influenced by Object Pascal) and now Silver, which is Swift with "a few features" added to bring it in line with the other two languages. They're trying to downplay the additions for obvious reasons, but they sound pretty hefty to me: Exception Handling, Partial/Static Classes, External/Inline Functions, Events etc. Imagine what Rob Pike would say if someone came along and added all that to Go ;) (see https://docs.elementscompiler.com/ and https://docs.elementscompiler.com/Silver/LanguageExtensions/ for details). That being said, the compiler (and IDE for Mac) are freely available, so you can try it out. RemObjects have been around for a while and I was pleased with their products back in the day when I was developing in Delphi, so I'm sure Elements is a solid product as well, just maybe not what you are expecting... "The 3.5mm headphone jack is one of the elder statesmen of the personal tech world, having become ubiquitous with the rise of mp3 players, smartphones, and other mobile devices" - maybe the author is too young to remember that, but I think the "mobile device" that really helped make the 3.5mm headphone jack ubiquitous was the Sony Walkman back in the eighties. "The 2016 StackOverflow Survey puts PHP developers as the least paid" - which is very unfair. I think PHP developers should actually get paid more as compensation for having to put up with PHP on a day-to-day basis, but that's just me unfortunately... That car may be 100 years old, but the last German three-axle cars were build in 1959 ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umbau-Wagen_(DB)#Dreiachsige_U... ), and some of them were still in use in 2014 ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datei:Umbauwagen_der_DB_Bahnba... ) The problem I see with "little girl feeds a couple of crows" is that the "couple of crows" will inevitably grow to a larger number... So, a plug-in hybrid will be lugging around a gas engine and (probably full) gas tank which it won't be needing for 90% of all trips. Am I the only one who thinks this is terribly inefficient? bendmebackmeanywayyouwantme? That rang a bell... but according to http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/garbage/ithinkimparanoid.html it should actually be bendmebreakmeanywayyouneedme ;) They talk the Apple talk, but can they walk the Apple walk? ;) I think that's just the explanation of the name, not necessarily a rule how to pronounce it. As for pronounciation, let's compare: "see-you-are-el" vs. "curl". I think I'll stick with "curl" ;) I noted it - thanks for the background info on the company! I also assume that either they are not able to maintain the software themselves, or they have lost the source code, but it might also be that setting up the toolchain to compile such an old piece of software is more effort than just patching the binary. Just a small information that's missing from the discussion: I'm sure this decision doesn't have anything to do with Microsoft (a major taxpayer) moving its German offices from the suburbs (Unterschleißheim) to Munich proper in 2016 ( https://mspoweruser.com/microsoft-germany-moves-into-a-new-h... )... I can certainly see the difference between low- and hi-DPI, but thanks to subpixel rendering (which unfortunately is going out of style because of hi-DPI displays), it doesn't really bother me - call me old-fashioned, but I'm more bothered by the waste of pixels. 2560x1440 is a pretty good resolution for a monitor, and nowadays it's crammed into the 5" display of a phone, just so that it looks pretty. Ok, unless you use it for VR, then even more DPI would be nice... Actually the influence of the Pascal family and that of the C family are about equally significant, if you go by the chart from the "Go Programming Language" book (available in the free preview, page xiii https://www.amazon.com/Programming-Language-Addison-Wesley-P... ). Most significant is probably the module system, which, in good Turbo Pascal tradition, allows Go to run loops around other C-family languages (looking at you Rust ;) ), and of course the declaration syntax ("i int" instead of "int i"). Since I first came across Go I've been thinking that a Go-based Delphi clone would be really amazing. Maybe someone could breathe some new life into the Lazarus IDE by adding support for Go? Hmmm, actually there already is something: https://github.com/ying32/govcl - probably worth keeping an eye on... As far as I know, most airlines are seeing the 737-MAX 8 and its predecessor, the 737-800, as interchangeable (or they did until yesterday), so I doubt they will be able to say with certainty which aircraft type will operate a given flight... Dithering a photo (which probably was a JPEG) so it looks like a GIF and then saving it as PNG may be a good way to make it look "low-tech", but I somehow doubt that it's really the most efficient way to serve images to your users? "The project provided an excuse to make use of a Vortex Core 47-key keyboard, which together with a mini white HDMI monitor, provided a particularly compact and suitably futuristic feeling setup." I think the word he's looking for is "retrofuturistic" ;) I guess the author wanted the code to also look friendly to people who are not that familiar with Python - everybody understands a switch, while what you are describing would probably puzzle some people... well, yes, exactly, MCAS was supposed to compensate for these differences, to make sure that the flight characteristics are close enough to not require additional training. But tragically, what was supposed to be part of the solution turned out to be part of the problem... My thoughts exactly! I imagine there is some kind of migration from every language to every other language, e.g. at least some developers migrating from any major web backend language (Java, PHP, Ruby, Node.js etc.) to Go. It would be far more interesting to have also a quantitative information, like in this graph: https://qz.com/192440/where-everyone-in-the-world-is-migrati... But for that you would of course need actual data... Ah, ok, "introduction" as in "Introduction to Fuchsia OS". Which is interesting too, but I initially thought that Google is actually introducing Fuchsia OS now, i.e. presenting plans to replace Android with it. Wishful thinking ;) Well, one of the theories is that pesticides weaken bees and make them more vulnerable to varroa mites and other parasites, diseases etc. (the "potential immune-suppressing stress" in your quote). Aside from that - is there really a way to express neural connections in the brain in terms of bits and bytes? Having lots of options to write things optimizes the happiness of the developer writing the code, but reduces the happiness of the developer reading the code (which might be the same developer, a few months later). That's one of the things Go got right IMHO (although some people hate it, because they feel constrained if they're not able to write code in some "clever" way). Sadly, it looks like those millions of man hours of incremental safety refinement also created a false sense of security. That (and management overriding engineering concerns) are the only explanations I have for how MCAS was implemented: because it had to be able to correct the pitch-up tendency of the 737 MAX and stay "invisible", so additional training could be avoided, Boeing apparently chose to use only one AOA sensor as "single source of truth" - because using both would have increased the chance of the system having to deactivate itself, which would probably have made the FAA mandate the additional training that Boeing wanted to avoid. This is just my personal theory however... I assume you mean the Ram Air Turbine ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ram_air_turbine )? This is actually what any other mode of transportation that uses a schedule has to do: if you have a schedule, you have to take some precautions to ensure you can keep to the schedule most of the time, otherwise you can forget about the schedule. Here in Germany, this is very obvious for bus lines on streets that are usually very busy - they have so much "padding" in their schedule that on less busy days the buses have to travel at 30 km/h instead of 50 km/h to avoid running ahead of schedule. Well, at least under Windows (and MacOS) you are still able to distribute your application using an installer which users can download from your own site, rather than being forced to use a centralized "app store". And policies like these are making this more difficult. However they won't stop shady sites which "re-bundle" open source applications and add spyware - those will have no problem getting an HTTPS certificate. all of them? at once? (sorry if this comment is not constructive, I just wanted to highlight the hyperbole in the title) "you could try the monastic approach, ditching the city for a gig as a caretaker at an isolated hotel" - you can read "The Shining" to see how that may turn out... The thing that fascinates me about Spotify and other streaming services is that the people who weren't willing to fork out 15$ for a CD in the past are now willing to pay 10$ every month for... pretty much nothing at all, if you think about it?! To understand that, you have to take a closer look at its origins. For me, this talk by Rasmus Lerdorf (creator of PHP) was a real eye-opener: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvEGwtgLtjA He mentions that what we now refer to as the "PHP language" was originally intended to be only the templating system, and you were supposed to write your business logic in a "real language" such as C. However, as PHP got more popular, bits and pieces were added until the "templating system" became a full-fledged language. Sounds like this happened more by chance than by design. And because you can't throw all of that out, it shows until today. You can introduce new features, but doing that in a way that stays (more or less) backwards compatible is difficult and forces compromises - see type declarations, which are actually just type hinting and of very limited use. So sure, PHP is wildly popular because of its "first mover" status, so it will probably stay with us for the foreseeable future, and working in it may have become more pleasant over the years thanks to better tooling, but it will unfortunately never be as pleasant as in other, more well-designed languages. Yes, it sounds crazy, and it really is: how on earth can someone spin an uncontained failure like Chernobyl into a story about how "inherently safe" nuclear energy is?! It "only" killed 200 people (probably according to nuclear-friendly researchers, although no sources are quoted) so it must be safe! My thoughts exactly! It's important to have a community and to work with it, but, especially for a programming language, there has to be a clear concept of which features should be implemented and which not - just accepting community contributions for the sake of making the community feel good would be the wrong way. Otherwise you end up with a feature monster like innumerable other programming languages, and that's exactly what Go doesn't want to be. But he's trying to be nicer, so cut him some slack :) Well, yes, but maybe the failure was more due to not many users being willing to accept that much vendor lock-in, rather than issues with Amazon's Android version? Unfortunately, it looks like the US are exporting this "proud ignorance" - see the recent victory of Jair Bolsonaro, who has been dubbed the "Brazilian Trump" because of his similar views on gun control, the environment ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jair_Bolsonaro#Environmental_p... ) and general firmly populist right-wing attitude. Maybe India, China and others will be able to offset the increased rate of deforestation in Brazil, but still, a planted forest is not the same as an untouched tropical rainforest... Well, yes, but India and China are less-developed countries too. I know all developing countries can say "you cut down your forests centuries ago, why can't we do the same thing now?", but at least some are trying to develop without making the same mistakes... AFAIK the technical reason for light on black was the refresh rate of early monitors: it's much easier on the eyes to have flickering text on a solid dark background than dark text on a flickering light background. That became less of the problem with better CRTs, but only disappeared completely when LCD screens took over. Good observation, but I wonder how many drivers actually do that? Increase tire pressure when they are planning to travel with a higher load? I'm guessing under 5%, the others will just accept the higher tire wear and fuel consumption, or, more likely, be completely oblivious about it... I'm frankly surprised they should be surprised about this - wanting to talk to a hospital about their issues with resistant germs is like asking a restaurant about the roaches in their kitchen... That's clear, however the consequences are the same: if word gets out that a certain hospital has these issues, people will avoid it, same as a restaurant with severe hygiene issues. So the tendency to keep this topic on the down low is understandable, even if I personally don't agree with it either... Of course there are far more freight vessels than cruise vessels, but I can imagine several valid reasons for targeting cruise vessels: - cruise ships are marketed as luxury, and also have much higher profit margins than the shipping industry, so the argument that they can afford to switch to cleaner technologies is easier to make. - cruise ships also typically dock much closer to cities than other ships. You probably won't see a large oil tanker sailing up a Norwegian fjord or through Venice's Giudecca Canal. So we are turning the CO2 back into (expensive) fuel, which can be burnt again and the CO2 released? But you're in luck, thanks to global warming the thawing permafrost and the warming oceans will release large quantities of methane (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arctic_methane_emissions ), which is an excellent fuel, and a much more potent greenhouse gas than CO2, so burning it would actually be good for the climate. Good luck with capturing it, however... Yeah, at least "process" (as in manufacturing process) makes sense as a word, "node" is just pure jargon... disclaimer: listening to music using headphones while bike riding, roller-skating or skiing is now strongly discouraged (still acceptable while taking a walk or unglamorously using public transportation however). By the authorities, for the reason of your own physical well-being. In some places, it's even illegal: https://www.quora.com/In-California-is-it-illegal-to-ride-a-... While the portable CD players from Sony were branded "Discman", they later used the "Walkman" brand for a range of featurephones (e.g. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_Ericsson_W580i ) explicitly designed as music players. So you could actually say that the _iPhone_ ultimately beat the Walkman... While I understand the point about zebra mussels cleaning up lake Erie, I can't agree with the idea that we should welcome all invasive species. After all, the presence of e.g. feral cats on various islands or foxes in Australia is just another one of the messes humans made, and we should feel as responsible for the damage they do as we feel responsible for pollution. Zebra mussels may be one of the few examples where an invasive species was actually good for the ecosystem, other invasive species just exterminate or squeeze out native species, leading to a loss of biodiversity. Definitely - it's important to keep in mind that from an engineering perspective, the 737 has probably already reached EOL, and Boeing has been considering to develop a replacement for years (Boeing Y1 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_Yellowstone_Project ), but that was delayed until Airbus forced their hand with the A320 neo, so they decided to offer a (as it now looks) "quick & dirty" upgrade of the 737 to keep it competitive. So upgrading the flight computers was probably out of the question with the given development time. The first question that came to my mind was how much CO2 would be generated by moving this amount of rock (if they theoretically were able to produce it, of course)? I think most negative comments here are a bit harsh. Of course the analogy has its weak points (every analogy has), but what I took away from it is the following: - the DNA is not the Internet, but rather the Code (capital C) that governs everything in the "city": the buildings, the football fans, the FIFA, everything - including not only how they behave, but also how they are created. - CRISPR is not malware, but it's (as the article mentions in passing) a search & replace function that allows you to change the Code, but with the described limitations - the biggest of which is that every "edit" can have any number of unintended consequences. Of course "malware" is maybe a bad word for it, because it contains "mal" (i.e. "bad"), which is contrary to the (hopefully) beneficial effects of CRISPR. But the fact remains that CRISPR is using an exploit to hack the "Code" I mentioned above, with potentially dangerous results, and if you think about it in these terms, "malware" doesn't seem so far-fetched anymore... Hmmm... trying to optimize their Electron app is nice, but how about a real desktop app instead of a heavyweight browser engine masquerading as one? Would be really nice, especially for an app you have to have running in the background the whole time. But the chances for that are slim, I'm afraid... With climate change, we still have to get to the stage where the problem becomes so bad that most people agree to do something about it. The question is if it will still be possible to "fix it" at that point... Thanks for the explanation! The OP's question was the first one that popped into my mind too... LMGTFY: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rendezvous_with_Rama :D Sorry if anyone felt offended, not being a SF expert myself I actually did Google "The Ramans do everything in threes" and wanted to save others the trouble of doing so... While that paper singles out cats, any introduced mammal species (rats, foxes, dogs etc.) on an island with ground-nesting and/or flightless birds is a huge problem... And then they wonder why they have a rat problem... That's still no excuse to indiscriminately kill civilians - unless you deliberately want to increase the support for the terrorists... "This distribution has no default desktop or window manager environment." - goes to prove that "simple" doesn't mean "easy to use"... And changing the name of something while keeping the icon/logo (almost) unchanged only adds to the confusion... Yeah, but the effects can be the same as those of extreme emotional stress, i.e. you start crying... Wow, this is really an interesting read! Now I want Star Trek told from the perspective of the Borg :D While I probably would have disagreed with the OP's tone (I can't see the post anymore because of too many downvotes, guess I'm late to the party), I agree in principle: GitHub could have drastically improved their search function already years ago with some pretty simple ideas (low-hanging fruit and such), no need to throw ML at it... Want to hammer a nail into a wall? Build a robot to do it! If you have lots of spare time, of course... EU or no EU, Britain is a prominent member in the Airbus consortium ( https://www.airbus.com/company/worldwide-presence/uk.html ), and that's unlikely to change despite Brexit. Although I wouldn't put it past Trump to ignore that in order to encourage Brexit, of course... Deciding to enforce crimes would not fix the problem, but move it somewhere else and/or make it less visible - which is what most other cities are doing... I wanted to try this out right away, but stumbled over the fact that I don't know how to use "go get" with Sourcehut, or even if it's supported. Of course it's probably easy to find out, but a "getting started" section wouldn't hurt. The "installation" page only describes the installation of the dependencies... Ok, after I noticed that the URL of the git repo is at the top of the page (somehow I managed to overlook it), I tried "go get git.sr.ht/~eliasnaur/gio", only to find out that wasn't correct, because the project uses a "vanity URL", so apparently I have to use "go get gioui.org/gio" or something like that. My point was that even if it's pretty straightforward for a reasonably experienced Go developer, it doesn't hurt to mention it... Has the anti-Diesel hysteria reached its peak yet? Some food for thought: - gasoline direct injection engines produce much more harmful particulate matter than current diesel engines ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gasoline_direct_injection#Emis... ), plus some carcinogenic gases like benzoapyrene. - a lot of the particulate matter emitted by cars comes from brake and tire wear, which even electric cars have ( https://www.greencarcongress.com/2016/04/20160418-pm10.html ). So blaming it all on Diesel engines is a bit short-sighted... I doubt the author can pinpoint his health issues to the effects of NOx. Particulate matter can also cause asthma attacks for instance. I'm not saying that Diesel cars (and buses, trucks etc.) are not a factor in pollution, but the article is focusing solely on them and describing Seattle as a comparative paradise, which I find pretty laughable. Ok, Seattle probably has better air circulation than London, but I hope you'll agree Diesel engines can't be blamed for that ;) Replacing them with electric cars will only solve part of the problem - see my second point above. The real answer is probably to reduce usage of cars and encourage walking, cycling and using public transportation... I guess you mean the ubiquitous Vespas (and other scooters)? I had the same experience with Barcelona. Yeah, a transition to electric scooters would definitely improve the air quality (and also the level of noise pollution) in many Southern European cities... Maybe I'm too cynical, but I wonder why people are so surprised that Google would prioritise Internet deregulation higher than climate protection? More Internet regulation would directly impact Google's shareholders, climate change not (or not in the immediate future). So... Ok, there was this "don't be evil" thing, but it's been a looong time since anyone at Google has mentioned that... I guess this varies from person to person. Maybe it is a problem if you have trouble sleeping anyway, but as far as I'm concerned, I guess the blue light just keeps me awake as long as I need to finish whatever I'm doing, after that I usually have no trouble at all going to sleep. When using a blue-light-reduced "night mode" however, I find I can barely keep my eyes open... I wonder if that's following a definition of antisemitism which considers any criticism of the Israeli government as antisemitic? According to this article ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2018/sep/04/labour-adop... ): > The most controversial passage in the draft statement proposed by Corbyn said: “It cannot be considered racist to treat Israel like any other state or assess its conduct against the standards of international law. Nor should it be regarded as antisemitic to describe Israel, its policies or the circumstances around its foundation as racist because of their discriminatory impact, or to support another settlement of the Israel-Palestine conflict.” This statement was not approved by Labour's ruling body. It might as well be the acronym for a Latin name, "Universalis Tempus Coordinatus" or something like that... Strangely beautiful, but also scary... makes you wonder what people will come up with once nuclear fusion makes electric energy even cheaper - I guess the amount of light pollution we have today will pale by comparison (no pun intended). I can only agree with this quote: "RTW2 might look [...] perhaps a little too much like the work players hoped to avoid by firing up a video game at the end of a long day" - you'd have a hard time convincing me that an application with so many tabs, list views, select boxes, radiogroups etc. etc. could actually be fun to use. Plus, I wonder if it was a concious design decision to keep the "good old" (shudder) Windows 95/NT 4.0 look or if they simply forgot to include the required manifest for getting the updated look & feel? No idea, but the parent company follows the same strategy - Facebook also nags you obnoxiously to log in on public pages, but it's not a requirement (probably because it would hurt the many "we-were-too-cheap-to-build-a-proper-website-but-here's-our-Facebook-page" businesses too much). Even though the first paragraphs are about JavaScript and C, I already had a hunch that it would turn out to be about Rust in the end :D Well, then we're fucked... because lots of things that are more convenient in the short term (energy-sucking appliances, plastic packaging, industrial agriculture, fossil fuels, you name it) will contribute to destroying the environment in the (not-so-)long term. Interesting point, but what would be the alternative? Are you really suggesting that pilots should be able to switch from e.g. the 737 to the A320 without any kind of additional training? I stumbled over "On the built up to the exercise 3000 residents of Slapton were evacuated so safe guard the secrecy of the mission". Funny that the words ("built up" instead of "buildup", "so" instead of "to") are wrong, but gramatically correct - looks like someone used autocorrect, but didn't pay attention if the suggestions made sense :D But what do you expect from a "channel" (no idea how Medium calls them) called "History of Yesterday" that attributes images to "Wiki"? Plus, while congratulating the winners, it's more tactful to mention the reasons that made you decide in their favour rather than saying "we would have gone to the UK, if not for Brexit". It's not really about beauty, a cat so overweight (judging by its size on the photos, I would say the "normal" weight would be 6 kg / 12 lbs max) is likely to have serious health problems My favorite example of "things that are better left untested" so far is a method that returned a hard-coded array and a test which checked whether the method really did return that hard-coded array. So, if you wanted to add something to that array, you now had to add it in two places. Sure, that's an easy way to increase test coverage, but maybe you should focus on areas where unit testing makes more sense first? The alternative would be to throw away the two extra packages, which would reduce the waste a bit, but would still be absurd if you think about it... Yeah, some colleagues have absolutely no trouble changing any code... and then it starts breaking for some edge cases that they weren't aware of :D Even if it was worth supporting, I guess it's understandable that Apple wouldn't go out of its way to do it... Nowhere in the article do they claim that it's THE factor, just a key factor in combination with "habitat loss, chemical pollution, invasive species, and climate change" (3rd paragraph). Unfortunately, even if you operate these drives continuously from the day you buy them, they will take 3 years, 270 days and 8 hours to fail (as someone else kindly calculated), so a 3-year warranty won't help you in this case... Well, the provenance and the prestige greatly affects the price of a work, that's why people care about it. It's even less understandable with contemporary artists: some are the critics' darlings and their works sell for mind-blowing amounts, while others who are arguably equally talented can't make a living from their art. And it doesn't have to be paintings or sculpture, it's the same for e.g. musicians... A chilling example of this from another field: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_%C3%9Cberlingen_mid-air_c... - here also, the air traffic controller who was responsible for the two planes that collided was singled out (and later murdered by the aggrieved father of a victim), but arguably the lax procedures used at Skyguide were also a major factor in the accident. That's one of the disadvantages of a language that's easy to learn: it's also easy to criticise. While some of the concepts of Rust are so complicated that most people don't ask themselves "what were they thinking?", but "I guess they must have had some reason to do it this way, I could read up on Rust to try to find out why" - and never actually get around to doing it... While Swift may be the "latest and greatest" language with official support, if you look at https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs , it's only one of several (the others being C++, Java, JS, Go and of course Python). Plus, there are community-supported bindings for C#, Haskell, Julia, Ruby, Rust and Scala). Just to make the picture complete... Great site! Unfortunately they're limiting themselves to arcade machines. For instance, the font from Lemmings looks great too: http://www.lemmingsuniverse.net/shots/images/amigashot03.png I wasn't talking about the book, but about the site CmdrKrool mentioned. >Animals in places with a long history of disturbances are relatively resilient, the researchers found. Figures... the species that were less resilient are probably already gone, so the remaining ones are the resilient ones. And, as the article writes, the forests in regions with a long history of undisturbed forests (Java, Brazil) contain species that will not leave the twilight of the forest canopy, so I doubt a wildlife crossing would benefit them. Apparently even birds that could easily fly from one "segment" to the next will not do it because they shy away from the open areas. There's also one in Munich, starting at the Deutsches Museum and ending at the Zoo (~ 5 km): https://www.deutsches-museum.de/en/exhibitions/natural-scien... Am I the only one who was initially confused by "Must Not"? As a non-native speaker, my logic was probably something along the lines of "Must Not" => "Not a must" => "You don't have to, but you can" - which of course is not what it means... It might make it easier to bring someone up to speed for your project, but he won't learn a damn thing about building other Go projects - I guess that's one of the arguments that the opponents of make, er, make... The thing Pascal-family languages have going for them (and I'm including Go here, because there is a lot of Pascal-family influence in Go, although it's not immediately obvious) is first and foremost the way they resolve dependencies. A detailed explanation of this can be found in the talk "Go at Google" ( https://talks.golang.org/2012/splash.article#TOC_5. ). I'm not sure about Rust, but maybe while trying to ensure a high degree of interoperability with C/C++ they also "inherited" some of their dependency management issues? Sorry for offending you by mentioning Go, I was referring to the two parent comments who mentioned it. I'm not a good judge of language complexity (are you?), but honestly I don't think that the Go compiler is much less complex than Delphi's - the "Delphi language" hasn't evolved much in 20 years (which is not necessarily a bad thing!). Ok, they now have cough generics, and - yay! - closures, but that's about it... For me, it depends: having to hear music from other people drives me crazy, but as long as it's my own music (over headphones of course), it really helps me concentrate. For people who can't listen to music: how about noise generators (e.g. https://mynoise.net/ ) to drown out ambient noise? "Jurassic Park" anyone? Ok, this particular dinosaur wouldn't be particularly awe-inspiring, but still... :) Ok, what's really insane is that this tool that does insane things if you accidentally use spaces instead of tabs is still the standard tool used to build software all over the world... Fortunately (at least where I'm living) automatic headlights are already more widespread than the fancy "matrix-lighting" headlights, for the simple reason that a light sensor on the windshield is cheaper than two state-of-the-art headlights. But, I confess, if anybody would move the switch from "Auto" to "Off" on my car, I might join the people driving without lights for some time before I would notice it... Adding to that, it's important to keep in mind that goroutines are not OS threads but coroutines, which are more lightweight. Providing a "go" function that starts a thread may be a footgun if someone assumes that it can be used as extensively as it is possible in Go. Well, as long as Hugo remains a static site generator, it won't be able to support these features "out of the box". E.g. comments are simply not possible just with HTML + JS, so you'll either have to integrate a third-party service (Disqus, Staticman etc.), or move away from the "static site" concept. ...stray tools forgotten in the airplane after assembly, metal shavings close to cables... yeah, I read those articles too. However, the fact that the Iranian authorities already concluded that the cause was "engine failure for technical reasons" seems a bit suspicious. Wasn't that dark energy in yesterday's article? > The likelihood is slim of ever getting a lottery permit to hike the super-popular Wave This makes me feel even more lucky that we entered this lottery (the "remote" version) around 10 years ago and won two permits. Looks like the popularity hasn't decreased much since? We had to adapt our travel plans a lot to be there on the date we got assigned, but it was worth it - although I guess the Wave is a bit over-hyped because of the perceived "exclusivity" and other areas are just as beautiful (albeit sometimes even harder to reach). We had actually considered Buckskin Gulch as an alternative for having to participate in the "on-premise" lottery and not getting permits. Of course, some states have more to offer than others, and choices like these are often subjective (also, it looks like they preferred less-known and less-overrun locations), but I think pointing out that there is also some beautiful scenery in the less touristic states also has some merit... It seems to have some memory safety features: https://www.beeflang.org/docs/language-guide/safety/ > Leaks can be detected in realtime with the debug memory manager. Reachable memory will be continuously traced at runtime and memory which is no longer reachable but has not been properly freed will be immediately reported as a leak... Sounds like it doesn't have a Garbage Collector, but a "Garbage Detector" that's only active for debug builds? > The lowest airfield in North America, for the record, is Furnace Creek Airport, Death Valley at minus 210 feet below sea level. So, then I guess it's 210 ft _above_ sea level? (SCNR) @gorgoiler: that's a "classical" pumped storage facility, not the concrete (or stone) piston version proposed here. According to this press release https://www.stawm.de/energie/strom/speicherung.html , in April last year they were hoping to be able to start building the Weilheim prototype by December. The seal technology was undergoing trials near the Baltic Sea (translating from the press release). While this sounds interesting, building the "cylinder" and the "piston" to fit exactly at the huge dimensions they are envisioning, and getting the seal to work at these dimensions and in the long term sounds like a pretty big challenge... "designed by clowns who were supervised by monkeys", to be exact. And, with hindsight, this assessment turns out to be tragically spot on - if you commit (or approve) the gross negligence of implementing a system which can command a nosedive based on data from only one sensor, you deserve to be called a clown or a monkey... Considering other quotes, like this one: "For example, maybe my worst programming habit is declaring temporary variables like i, j and k as members of each class, so that I didn’t have to declare them inside functions (which is annoying to do in flash for boring reasons). This led to some nasty and difficult to track down bugs, to say the least." I wish those people the best of luck :) On the other hand, Boeing was also under pressure from other customers ( https://www.reuters.com/article/us-boeing-airplane-southwest... ) who wanted to avoid simulator training for their pilots. Which doesn't excuse them of course, but I think it's important to see the whole picture... Well, that depends on whether you consider the kitchen (which in that floor plan is an annex of the dining room) and bathroom (which, as the article mentions, was added later in older houses) as "rooms". In Germany, these are usually not counted as rooms, hence acronyms such as "2ZKB" (2 Zimmer, Küche, Bad -> 2 rooms, kitchen, bathroom) for apartments. If you're really using DejaVu Sans, that's a proportional font, so the difference to a "mono" font will be pretty big, especially for the usually narrow letters (i, j, l...) which have to be "padded" in mono fonts to avoid looking unbalanced (and, for coding, to make them easier to distinguish). Of course, if the other letters are as geometrically clean as in this font, the "i" will look a bit out of place. But actually in DejaVu Sans _Mono_ ( https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/dejavu-sans-mono ), the "i" looks pretty similar. Yeah, changing the font if you had specifically configured it before would have caused some angry reactions I imagine... Or it might be a sign for other employees (typically the ones the company would actually like to keep) to start looking for other, safer, jobs. Layoffs are always bad for morale... The usual hype cycle... Nintendo coming up with a new motion-controlled console? Of course Microsoft and Sony have to do that too. Some guy launching a Kickstarter project for a VR headset using a highres screen originally intended for smartphones? Suddenly everyone and their dog is building VR headsets. 3D movies moderately successful in cinemas? Suddenly every TV maker is selling "3D-enabled" TVs. Etc. etc. etc. Well, at least that's a plus for non-compiled languages (PHP, JS etc.): even if everything else fails, you still have the code on the server. But I guess the bigger problem here is the missing config - as long as you still have the binary of the application, you should be able to restart it. From the perspective of someone who has been in Garmisch two weeks ago: it's not as bad as the article makes it sound. Garmisch is at an altitude of 700 m (2300 ft), but most of the ski area is much higher (in the snow-covered mountains that can be seen in the background of the first photo). Being able to ski all the way down to the ski resort is a luxury, not a necessity, and only those slopes need snow cannons. Plus, there is also the ski area near the Zugspitze, which starts at 2000 m height. I'm not a climate change denier, far from it, but it will take some more decades until skiing in the Alps will die out completely... For others who can't quite picture 3 billion acres, that's around 12 million square kilometers (USA - 9.8 million km², Russia - 17.1 million km²) One of the many questions the article leaves open is what (if any) fruit called "berries" are actually berries? I did some quick research, and apparently cranberries, blueberries, lingonberries and huckleberries are also "botanical berries" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berry#Botanical_definition )... Of course Twitter is irresistible to the media - they don't need to search lengthy interviews and other texts for quotes that sound bad when taken out of context anymore, now they get the quotes pre-sharpened to a dangerous point and delivered to their doorstep... TBH, the 280-character limit (and of course, the attention economy) doesn't really encourage deep and balanced discourse... This goes to show that sometimes it really pays to read the docs: the doc comment of "fill" says "For char types filling contiguous areas of memory, this becomes an inline call to @c memset or @c wmemset"... Yes, _commercial_ C (an Java) IDEs are extremely powerful, but it's a bit unfair to compare them to _open source_ Go IDEs/editors. From what I heard, the only commercial Go IDE available so far (GoLand) is extremely powerful too... Well, using apt is one of the standard ways of installing/updating software on Linux, so most advanced Linux users should be familiar with that. But I'm sure you can also use a graphical package manager to do the same thing. "Rustup" on the other hand is a customized rust-specific tool, so of course it's easier to use (once Rust is installed) AFAIK the position expressed in the Go FAQ ( https://golang.org/doc/faq#generics ) has always been the official position on generics: "Generics are convenient but they come at a cost in complexity in the type system and run-time. We haven't yet found a design that gives value proportionate to the complexity, although we continue to think about it." There's nothing passive-aggressive about that - most proponents of generics only see the advantages (i.e. more expressiveness), but fail to see the downsides. If you're talking about Go, they have an official specification ( https://golang.org/ref/spec ), which is probably what you mean when you write "standard", and the two official implementations (the Go compiler and the GCC-Go compiler) are based on this spec. Which is more than other up-and-coming languages (which I won't name right now) have to offer ;) > We can use any and all power sources that are clean. I completely agree with you on that. Of course, the disagreement hinges on whether you can consider nuclear power "clean"... See also: https://feld.com/archives/2019/10/the-miasma.html I used ModPlug Player ( https://www.modplug.com/ ), the predecessor of OpenMPT, years ago. I was pretty pleased with it back then, although the alternatives mentioned by the others may be more modern/better nowadays (wow, the latest version of ModPlug Player is from 2002!). I still have an archive of MOD files somewhere in the depths of my hard disk, maybe I should try to find them and indulge in some nostalgia... Well yeah, the samples in the MOD files are uncompressed (or losslessly compressed, no idea), so if you have a lot of different samples, I can imagine you might end up with something bigger than an MP3 file. I guess none of those were modules initially composed on an Amiga though ;) > Go is network-app specific Just because it is used most for "network apps" doesn't mean it's limited to that. On the other hand, you could argue that Rust is a wrong fit for anything _except_ performance-critical applications, because for anything else it's not worth to saddle yourself with the added complexity. > and Rust very broad --a true general purpose prog lang-- it is easy to see how Go mature so quickly (not much to mature) and also why it got a bit old so quickly as well This simplicity is the thing Go opponents like to point out (or mock) most, and what Go fans actually would tell you is one of the best features of the language. It's actually refreshing to have one language that doesn't try to be everyone's darling by implementing every conceivable feature - we already have enough of those, Rust, C++, Java etc. etc. But you don't have to take my word for it, you can also read the first sentences from this blog post: https://bradfitz.com/2020/01/30/joining-tailscale - he puts it better than I could... When seen from the inside, it's a community. When seen from the outside, it might look to some like a conspiracy... Interesting trivia on the name (from Wikipedia): > Some English speakers use the word "babushka" [бaбушка] (the word for 'grandma' in Russian) to indicate a headscarf tied below the chin, as still commonly worn in rural parts of Europe. However the author should be aware that most people would interpret "bab(a|u)shka" as "grandma" and not as a scarf. Which works too, I guess. Personally, I always think of a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matryoshka_doll (which is also sometimes called babushka) when I see this word... One quote that stuck with me is "On reaching the 500 km/h mark, the camera controlling the pantograph condition already shows a continuous electric arc" - you can imagine that under these conditions the wire will wear down much faster than with "only" 350 km/h. So, before reaching a physical limitation, you already reach an economic limitation... The Go designers went the other way (as they often do): > When iterating over a map with a range loop, the iteration order is not specified and is not guaranteed to be the same from one iteration to the next. Actually it is not only "not guaranteed to be the same", the runtime actively makes sure that the iteration order is actually different so you don't even start to rely on it... Also left-handed - and I also hate fountain pens, but for another reason: as a left hander you move your hand over the fresh line you are writing, so the text ends up smudged with a fountain pen. Ball-point pens work better (mostly), and I refuse to contort my hand or write at strange angles to avoid this, that's a recipe for trouble. Fortunately I don't have to write a lot by hand anymore... > A moon landing in 2024 would mean a triumph during the last year of President Trump's second term, if he gets reelected in November. Yeah, sounds just like Trump to rush this program (and endanger lives while doing it) just so he can bask in its (hopeful) success... ...which is about the commercial cruise speed of a Boeing 747 (570 mph), so your naive math may be pretty close ;) One more: the classical tube fuselage is much cheaper/easier/more efficient to build, because it consists largely of identical segments. Plus it's much easier to build shortened/lengthened versions of an existing airplane. Let me quote from the Wikipedia article https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_Constellation : > One of the reasons for the elegant appearance of the aircraft was the fuselage shape, a continuously variable profile with no two bulkheads the same shape. This construction was expensive and was replaced by mostly tube-shaped modern airliners. The tube is more resistant to pressurization changes and cheaper to build. With blended wing bodies, you would again need a continuously variable profile for the whole fuselage (rather than only the wing, as in modern "tube-and-wing" planes). To build a larger or smaller variant, you would have to redesign the whole fuselage, rather than just adding/removing a few tube segments. So, even with updated tools, there will still be a lot of challenges... Small nitpick: in a statically typed language, you don't have "type annotations", since an annotation is usually optional. If you're talking about a function declaration, I think it's called a parameter declaration? Here's an overview of Pascal implementations for Amiga: http://fpcamigawiki.alb42.de/index.php?title=Workshop:Amiga,... (however I think when they wrote "development seized", they actually meant "ceased" ;) ) I think the hatred wasn't directed at ribbons specifically, but at the tendency of (not only) Microsoft to overhaul the UI of their applications with every major release. Maybe that didn't happen as often with the Office applications (which increased the backlash when it did happen), but with the apps bundled with Windows (e.g. Explorer - not IE, the file manager), you had to find your way again with every new Windows version. That's one of the reasons why under Windows I still use good ol' Total Commander and don't bother with Explorer at all. What Microsoft (and Google, and Apple) don't understand is that for most people, applications are just a tool to get a job done. They don't want the latest and greatest UI, but they get annoyed if they have to re-learn how to do the things they want to do. It's as if the controls on your car would be rearranged every time you got it back from inspection... True, but if you look at an entire country like Germany, only about 10% of the turbines will be in an area where the wind is too strong as the storm passes through, the others will still produce... Full quote: > Con: The Fuchsia Platform Source Tree has had negative implementation experience using Go. The system components the Fuchsia project has built in Go have used more memory and kernel resources than their counterparts (or replacements) the Fuchsia project has built using C++ or Rust. I wonder if they had other negative experiences beside the higher resource usage? Because it's hardly surprising that a garbage-collected language should have higher resource usage than C++/Rust. They could have still supported it for app development however - but it seems they took a "there can only be one" approach and went for Dart instead. Interesting! Async-await is mentioned as a "pro" for Dart and Rust ("Asynchronous programs can be written using straight-line code"). Seems they really like async-await, and they had more success getting Rust to support it than they had with Go - which might have led to some Google-internal strife? I had to actually google "Visual Basic Editor" to find out why it was a thing people are still using in this century, and found out that it's the editor for VBA macros in MS-Office applications. So "Visual Basic Editor" is a bit of a misnomer... "I took the above code and put it in an easy to use library" ... [but] "I do not give anyone permissions to use this tool for any purpose. Don't use it." Sounds strange, until you consider that he only added the "license" 2 years later. I wonder how many questions from various people wanting to use the tool for various purposes he received during this time? Maybe I'm also a zealot, but this "second-class citizen by comparison" works pretty well - I've been using Go for some side projects under Windows for years, and was actually surprised how well it worked. I even developed a GUI app some years ago (using GTK). So, if you ask me, the glass is ~90% full, not 10% empty... I don't think this example justifies the expression "incredibly broken assumptions", I would rather call it an "incredible corner case"... I would argue that the phrase "One of Rust's main differentiator[s] is that it provides memory safety" should really be "One of Rust's main differentiators is that it provides memory safety without using a garbage collector". Which is the actual reason for needing (amongst others) ownership rules... "Masks are actually not recommended, but won’t make anything worse" - sounds very short-sighted to me. If a lot of people start buying and wearing masks just because it makes them feel safer, people who might actually need masks (i.e. medical personnel) might have trouble getting them... This article has me scratching my head honestly. "I decided I wanted to become a person who makes soup" - isn't soup one of the easiest things to cook? I'm not really into cooking myself, but even I could throw together one given a recipe and some time. I'm not sure what kind of soup she was thinking about though, if you first need to buy articles worth hundreds of dollars to cook one... > C++, Java, JavaScript, C#, PHP and who knows how many other languages largely copied the operator precedence rules of C Ok, that's understandable for C++, but for all the other languages I really wonder what the reasoning behind this (if any) was - "our language looks similar to C, so we have to copy as many of its warts as possible so C developers feel at home" ? That phrase had me slightly puzzled - I thought chemical formulas were for molecules, i.e. combinations of elements that actually react with each other and form bonds, like H2O or CO2? While a neodymium magnet is actually an alloy of mostly two metals, plus a little bit of boron, but without chemical bonds? Not related to Bornholm at all, but it struck me how the "Map of the North Sea and Baltic Sea, 1914" emphasizes railways (the thick black-and-white lines) over roads (the much thinner dashed lines). Of course, those were the heydays of the railroad, and road travel was still largely by horse-drawn carriage... First, they're not calling on regulators to shut down Google, but to make sure they respect the GDPR (and thus their users' privacy). Second, the regulators didn't intend to make Google illegal, they intended to establish respect and moderation in the processing of users' data. Of course, it's obvious for everyone that the companies doing the massive data gathering are mostly American (Google, Facebook etc.) and that European competitors to these giants could potentially profit from this, but that's just a (very welcome) side-effect... I totally understand that you got bored of it on the PSP - I was a great fan of the original Amiga game, then years later I tried the SNES version, and found it much less enjoyable to play without a mouse... The original Lemmings games really work best with a mouse, which allows pixel-perfect clicking. But I've played some Android games over the years that reminded me of Lemmings, the first two that come to mind are World of Goo and Spirits... The small changes being that instead of saving 80% of the Lemmings you had to save 100%. Or some skills which you had the first time around were missing. But yeah, the original Lemmings fit on 2 Amiga floppy disks (1,76 MB), and they also had to fit in four "Easter Egg" levels with exclusive graphics and music, so they had to do some optimizations... Forget "Men Who Stare At Goats" - now we have "Thugs who Stare At Fountains" :D But jokes aside, this is a really interesting and approachable article! It just suffers a little bit from the writer not being a native speaker. I'm German myself, maybe that's why I notice the German tendency to "concatenate" words (e.g. "surface-topology" or "cloth-simulation") even more when it is (mis)used in English? Just some constructive criticism, in case the author reads this... ...and of course it should be "Mortal Kombat" ;) The "common cold" virus is also a coronavirus, so that makes sense. That would still help in differentiating if you have the flu or Covid-19. I only heard of getting more sensitive to smells in connection with migraine (totally anecdotal evidence)... I guess Taiwan's inherent mistrust of China helped in making the right decisions - while the thoughts of politicians in the West were something along the lines of "China is saying it has things under control, the WHO is saying the same, so there is no need for drastic actions right now - and if it turns out later that we were wrong, we can shift the blame to China and the WHO". On the other hand, there is evidence that some of the patients die due to an excessive response of the immune systen: https://www.vox.com/2020/3/12/21176783/coronavirus-covid-19-... Might be "keep the bowels open"? A very medical greeting, so would be fitting here... One example I came across recently: if you search for "Amiga floppy disk capacity" ( https://www.google.com/search?q=amiga+floppy+disk+capacity ), you get "1.76 MB", which is completely wrong. Of course, the Wikipedia article which Google's algorithm chose to extract this information from doesn't mention the actual capacity of "standard" Amiga floppies (880 KB): "Most Amiga programs were distributed on double-density floppy disks. There are also 3.5-inch high-density floppy disks, which hold up to 1.76 MB of data, but these are uncommon." - so Google picked the first number it found (the "uncommon" one) and ran with it. I'm just wondering which executive thought having this "feature" would be a good idea?! Cool, I wasn't even aware that "A Good Snowman Is Hard To Build" is a Sokoban-style game when I bought the Humble Conquer Covid-19 Bundle ( https://www.humblebundle.com/conquer-covid19-bundle ) a few hours ago (thanks for the opportunity to plug this, normally I don't do this kind of thing, but hey, it's for charity!) - guess this is one of the games I'll install first... See also https://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/heart-failure/qa/what-is... Yeah, this thinking pattern is already well-practiced with climate change: "if we acknowledge there's a problem, doing something about it will hurt us financially, so it's better to simply deny there is a problem in the first place"... Maybe "await debate" would be more fitting then - and it rhymes too, which is always a plus... ...and I'm sure the language features which feel like torture now looked like a good idea at the time they were implemented, decades ago. I'm sure that PCem is a capable emulator, but when it comes to Lemmings or Monkey Island, I'd still rather play them in an Amiga emulator ;) - or, in the case of Monkey Island (I/II), using ScummVM or the "special editions" with updated graphics published some years ago ( https://store.steampowered.com/app/32360/The_Secret_of_Monke... ) Looks cool, just one suggestion about the photos: that effect looks like the dithering of a dot matrix printer and not like a newspaper photo, for that I would go with this kind of effect: https://i.pinimg.com/474x/9d/76/f0/9d76f0c303e7ea8352d10465d... - I think it's called a "screening" effect? Well, all the items in the list are already "heritage" (you can include the demoscene too, which at >20 years old can also be considered "heritage" in our fast-moving field). Generally things which get on these UNESCO lists are those which a country considers to be particularly important/unique/characteristic of the country, and the benefit is attracting attention to them and thus contributing to their continued existence/protection. One random example: there are lots of Roman ruins, but if the 4th-century palace of a Roman emperor is almost continually inhabited and turned into a medieval city, that's pretty unique and worthy of the UNESCO list ( https://whc.unesco.org/en/list/97/ ). The only word I already knew from this list is "beasties" - once again thanks to Lemmings ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2hQxtvncaQ ) - gotta finally visit Scotland to expand my vocabulary :D I wouldn't call it full-blown OCD, but I also sometimes have the tendency of wondering if I have really closed all the windows, turned off the lights, locked the doors etc. etc. when I'm away from home. Maybe I'll start doing this too... Well yeah, if you would pick one technology that even PHP would compare favourably too, it would be Node... my thoughts on Node were always: just because Google built V8, which makes it possible to run JS fast enough to use it in the backend, doesn't mean that you have to do it. Regarding frameworks: of course PHP has an advantage there, because it's a more mature ecosystem. But frameworks written in PHP like Symfony or Laravel tend to forget that they are based on a scripting language (which years of optimization have made very fast for a scripting language, but still), so using their features extensively will slow down your application... There's a lot of truth in this post... however I would add a step to David Megginson's "programming language cycle": 5a. Some of the regular developers resent a new language being forced upon them, so the public opinion on the language becomes more negative. I would say Go is currently already in phase 5a/6, while Rust is still in 3/4 - however I have to add that I think both languages are here to stay, so there's more to them than just the hype... This really got me thinking... of course, what Amazon is doing is bad, I don't want to deny that - OTOH, for a tech company, they are an easy target - for example, Google doesn't have as many low-paid workers, so we don't know if they would treat them more fairly. How about the contractors hired by Facebook to weed out the worst posts by extremists, terrorists and other lunatics so our sensitive eyeballs aren't confronted with them? Is that better because they aren't directly employed by Facebook? Maybe Amazon should divest its warehouses so they're not so much in the public eye anymore? If you start to think about these things, where do you stop? Tax evasion? I guess every tech company is guilty of that, because shareholders expect them to find and exploit every possible loophole. In the end, probably the only companies you can morally work for are non-profits like Mozilla et al. - which is probably easier to do after raking in half a million per year for some years at a less morally sound company... > [...] a fresco — paint on wet plaster instead of on canvas. That meant the work couldn't be moved That's not really true - detaching frescos from walls is a technique practiced since Roman times ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detachment_of_wall_paintings ). However it's probably expensive and labour-intensive, and in this case I imagine nobody wanted to pay for it... Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #188: "A fool and his money are the best customer". Kudos to Netflix for doing this, but I can entirely understand that they are the exception rather than the rule here. After all, if people don't care about a sum of money they pay monthly without getting anything for it, the only reasonable explanation is that they earn more than enough, so they can probably afford to continue paying it... ...and now that you've seen it, you can't unsee it. About "being more careful with pets and cattle", I have an example that's more literal than you think: In Germany there have been several Covid-19 outbreaks between workers at meat processing plants, which highlight their bad living conditions. One satirical TV show promptly came up with the idea of also having food labels for the living conditions of the workers, besides the labels for the conditions in which the animals are kept... About "messing up the response in elderly care": I wonder what the strategy was there - if you want to protect the elderly, you also have to limit the freedom of movement of the employees that care for them and of the visitors, otherwise one of them will inevitably bring the infection in. But even if you do that, these persons can be infected by the people they live with - where do you draw the line? So I don't think it's about messing up in elderly care, it's more that the whole plan is unrealistic, it's just in elderly care that it shows... Just wanted to write the same thing... after wondering why the phrase about who aided the KGB's disinformation campaign didn't make sense... Ok, let's say that it's more suitable to exploratory programming than other compiled languages? On one hand, yes it's strict about unused variables, but other features (e.g. fast compile times) more than make up for the disadvantages. Erm, I hate to break it to you, but VSCode and Atom are both Electron-based, so they're not exactly light on resources either... If you are going to have a whole browser engine running, I guess it makes sense to at least make a full-blown IDE out of it rather than a simpler editor (or a glorified chat app like Slack) > For instance, Biomex said supply is drying up as the number of cases in Germany falls. Another issue: Only around a third of donations have high enough concentrations of antibodies to be used as a positive control for antibody tests. I'm not sure I understand this: if you are looking at recovered patients, the number can only grow, albeit slower if there are less new cases? Or do the patients have to be very recently recovered? Is the issue with the antibody concentration related to the severity of the disease or to the time since recovery? If the antibody concentration falls so sharply after recovery, that doesn't sound good for long term immunity...