My favorite current series is "The stormlight archive". The world building is very good. I once seen one used in risk evaluation for line of credits From my perspective (not an American, but an Haitian) I think it's based on how much you trust the well meaning of the person behind it. The current social climate is very charged from an outside perspective as privilege is perceived being tied down to ethnicity (For us it is wealth which was correlated to skin color, but not so much nowadays). Our own translation 'nèg' is pretty much synonym to person or dude. and it is widely used. But it does not have much connotation to the actual skin color of the person or his physical appearance. But it is still very uncomfortable to hear the French 'nègre' as this has a widely demeaning connotation (French colonization and slavery). And I think that is why the actual restriction took place. If you're black and say the N word, it is unlikely to be demeaning, but if you're caucasian, there is a lot of past events that is not in your favor. P.S. not a native English speaker. I started using Dropbox paper for these. JIC I need to collaborate on one. I'm always confused by this one. Every hardware company has a monopoly on their stuff. Sony with their PlayStation is a prime example of this. I've never seen anyone says they want to run their own game on it. A lot of people here in my country would say no, that you're wrong. No mobile device for anything, physical presence and cash rule here. Finding good clients is also equally hard 45 minutes is the best for me. Long enough to get in the flow and short enough to not be lost in the flow. I did transition 2 years ago as I got a mac from my job and I was in mobile development. Within a few days I got productive with it although it took more than a year to accept "the mac way". My arch linux was fully customized with i3 and the like. I still miss tiling window manager this day. For me speed reading is more about building a mental model of what I'm currently reading. I was just a reading a light novel (very light reading) and I could skip over entire pages, because when you have that mental scene, skipping pages is like taking off your eyes of a movie for a few moments. You can easily recreate the missing context or read the parts over (akin to asking what you missed). I mostly do this for fiction book, as non-fiction are sometimes too dense to do this. Another trick is to focus on a specific word. Some words I can recognize with the corner of my eyes, I could say. Which means you predict what comes after, and you skip over it and focus on the next word you don't recognize. You go back if what you're predicted don't make sense to what you're currently reading. All of this is just for skimming. I don't read fiction to remember quotes and the likes, so I used it quite a lot there. I can read 2 or 3 books a day that way. While I can remember the majority of the story, I couldn't quote a single part of it. For serious books, I read more carefully, and I revert to subvocalizing, but I'm often done with the sentence with my eyes (using my short term memory) before I even subvocalize the first three words. So it's not really a hindrance, although I have found myself needing to reread a specific part as I otfen speed read over it. Pretty much this. Even if you lock down devices inside your house, they could have friends with looser rules to let them do whatever. It's best to teach them proper behavior than try to enforce them. I only use a few open tabs (3 on my mbp and 4 on my ipad). I only open tab with a specific goal in mind and close it as soon as I’m done. I started with XP with a pentium 2 then move to a pentium 4. It ran perfectly on both. It started even faster than my Linux Mint installation. They were in the start menu. Ads for software and games. There was that candy crush saga game for ages. I do a 6 too. And I can do all kind of imaginary stuff with that red star. Reading a book for me is basically the same as watching a movie. Every scene plays in 3D in my head. Every single scene. Which is why I don't read horror stuff. Too scary. English Tell that to my friends whose main softwares are chrome, office and vlc. Here in Haiti, it’s the electricity issue. If you’re lucky you can get electricity for 6 hour a day. In the middle of the night. That’s why people prefer portable stuff, because you can easily charge them somewhere else (in my native town, there are people that have setup charging stations with batteries and inverter). I once had to learn Perl to implement an algorithm for a proof of concept. It was weird as I was only used to C like programming (and a little bit of assembly) I'm currently using a mac mini 2011 that I got from free from work (it did not support newer xcode and mojave). I'm the only user and have Lychee, Jellyfin, Syncthing on it. Everytime I buy something (usually from Amazon US to Haiti), I had to review several products just to be sure I don't end up with a crap one. You have to buy the expensive one because of the better build quality. I have an two Sennheiser headphones that are still going strong (one is a renewed product) while my friends buying cheaper headphones have already spent more than me. I’d say trying to make a PWA with Push Notifications on iOS. Don’t you think that notifications and all the associated things are what pushing people to iOS? I just export my own website[0] from Bear.app [0]: https://hescaide.me/ The housing situation here is terrible and so fustrating. Due to how often little boys dirty their clothes a lot of them, especially in poor neighborhoods, go naked. And yes, no one bats an eye. Yesterday, I was debugging some code. I had 3 macvim windows, 3 iterm tabs, firefox and the simulator open. That’s just in one space. The others were general browsing, communication and media. As most as I love my iPad, it only works great for single and focused task (note taking, researching, video meeting, drawing,…) In French, it’s faster to say « Cent treize » than « Un, Un, Trois ». Phone numbers in my country are grouped by two. I barely have released the return key after typing mvim and the macvim window is already there. Even Sublime is not that fast. All of the areas you mentioned are heavily regulated. And do GPS require internet connection ? I heard you cannot remove the seatbelt. I can say there is only one or two in Haiti. There are a few fast food, but most people cook at home or only buy dinner out. Reading (mostly SF and Fantasy) Drawing (on an ipad air as buying art supplies is tiring and I’m not that good) I think it’s one of the standard architecture for games. You can do ECS or hierarchical objects any times you need to build a lot of similar objects. It was a long road. I was always interested in crafting things and a curious child. My father has many books and I got interested in the ones about tech and such. But what really helps me is being capable of understanding the theory without the practice. We didn’t have any computer or access to the internet, but I was able to retain a lot of informations from my reading. The actual path started when they bought a laptop for my brother for the university. It came with Windows 2000 and we paid a guy to install XP on it. I quickly became friends with him and learn how to install Windows myself and all the things that it entails. So when one of my close friend had his own laptop, I was mostly the one tinkering with it as I was the “computer expert” in the neighborhood. Then I stumbled into Blender (I was interested in visual arts) then Python after I learnt about the Blender Game Engine. One of the forums that did help me was “Le site du zero”. I was not that good in english and it was one of the best French forums for beginner. I learned Python, then C with their programs. Another good forums was “Comment Ca Marche.net”. They had this program that was basically a wiki with an overview of all the major aspects of computer science. I went to do an electronic engineering degree. But the major time was spent learning more about computers, programming languages, and software engineering. I volunteered for a few projects (one of them got me a personal laptop). But my first paying job was through a friend and with that I realized that I could do it part time to earn some good money. That’s when I signed on Upwork and since then, I’ve worked on several projects that earned me more money than I could have made locally. The journey was more eventful than that, but I think that captures the gist of it. I’m still working as a freelancer. It can get a little bit lonely (I work from home) but I don’t mind as the country is not that stable (I live in Haiti). Streak. It was cheap and a one time purchase and I quite like the design. I also use Things for specific and granular tasks. I’ve also tried the morning/evening routine. It felt too stiff for me. Now I just write what happened during the day and how I feel about it. I write it in English for practice. It’s like letting go of the day’s emotional charge. I discovered linux through a couple of books (mostly about security) in 2008/2009. Then I downloaded linux mint (The gnome version). The only thing I recalled is how beautiful it was, all grey instead of the light beige and green of Windows XP. It felt like soft rubber button and XP felt like the clicky ones. And so many options. I spent days customizing KDE UltraSeedBox (Crappy Internet where I live) - Spotify - Infuse Pro - iCloud I paid yearly for the following: Bear - Drafts - PDF Viewer - 1Password - Playstation Plus - Banktivity - Email and Domains I live in Haiti and people here will readily buy a used Samsung phone for about $100 or a cheap Chinese one for less. Used iPhones can go for $300 or more. iPhone penetration is very low and most people only have the 6 and 7 one. Relevant article: https://www.oreilly.com/radar/thinking-about-glue/ Goodreads https://hescaide.me/ Works better than a resume if you're already communicating with a potential client. Also better when you want friends to refer you. Just don't. It's not worth it. Pretend it was cancelled Namecheap Private Email I don't think the metrics is always speed. I think it is efficiency (quality_of_work.hour). Same thing here. I'm on the iPhone 8 with a 83% battery capacity, and the upgrade would be big as you say. You have to speak it to be more confident. I’ve learned English on my own through books. But until I got my first gig and actively communicating with the client, the speaking part was subpar. You will quickly realize that you only use a small subset most of the time. And native speakers are very patient and helpful if you don’t know how to pronounce a word. N.B. (Speak Haitian Creole and French natively, speak English well and can survive on my own in a Spanish speaking country) I used a cheap silicone case because of the glass (iPhone 8). Without it, the phone just slide on almost anything. Non-Apple one? Things, Bear, Reeder, iA Writer and Doppler. Haiti here. WhatsApp took off because SMS was still not free and the providers were rent seeking. It was either send 10 sms or have 50mb for exchanging messages. People even got to learn how to share the binary when their Play store got outdated. Phone call is still used a lot because 3g networks reception varies and people still buy feature phones. But SMS is gone and a lot of people disabled notifications for it as it’s only used for ads by the provider (and it was a big issue with the government tried to run health campaigns there). The next one is telegram for movies and TV shows sharing (no theater here). So yeah, WhatsApp has a lot of appeal here and no one care about privacy. I’m the same. When I’m reading, it’s more like a silent with blurred shapes than me speaking in my head. A few friends say they can’t read subtitles while watching a movie. For me, they’re just an overlay to the scene until I grasp the meaning, kinda like you realized: This is a square and this is a circle. It makes reading more enjoyable as it feels like you’re in an holographic projection, but that can make some scenes quite disturbing. Me, smiling in Caribbean Are you asking for 3D specifically (based on the example you provide). I'm not a professional, but I'm learning digital painting. I use procreate on the iPad (It's way easier than connecting the graphic tablet to my computer) and I've made some good progress recently. I learned a bit about 3D, but did not really pursue as I got interested in programming instead. Yeah. It depends on the canvas size itself. I have the ipad air and 4000x4000px gives me 27 layers. But layer management is not the greatest thing on procreate and I rarely go over 6 Same, I have a bunch of games like Nier: Automata, Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice, Bloodborne, Control and I found that I can only play them on the weekend. After work, I can only play game like Dirt Rally, Trials Fusion and Apex Legends’ Arena. Where you don’t have to strategize that much and only rely on learnt reflexes. Anything that requires decisions or deciphering clues is impossible. I have a 2015 MBP but I rarely use it now. It was overheating and the battery swelled up (I’ve replaced the battery since). Now, I’m using the M1 mac mini as I freelance and no longer go to a coworking space. I have a 27 inch dell monitor (I don’t really like dual monitor), the Keyboardio Atreus (slightly wider space between the wrists and thumbs pressing shift and enter keys) and a trackball. Works fine for me as I do Web and Mobile development. I have a 2015 MBP and Docker performance was so bad that it was better to install Virtual box and set up a Linux VM, then run Docker inside it. Now I use a M1 Mac Mini and it is somewhat decent (Linux is still better though). But I've only used docker for very small infrastructures, so your experience may vary. I've been holding on buying a new laptop for a year now. I realized that I never work outside my home office and I have an iPad (with a keyboard) that I use for reading, light browsing and writing stuff. I'm only interested in a laptop as a backup (if I travel or need to work outside of the house). The M1 Mac Mini is plenty for my work (Web and mobile app development). When you get better at this kind of technically challenging game, there is a kind of flow that happens when you try to get better at previous challenge. The thinking is very minimal as you are only observing where you can improve. And it's a good feeling when you have indeed improved. Another thing I don’t like is managers sending you a notification for a meeting in 30 minutes, which throws your concentration out of the windows. Then finding out the reason of the meeting was because they have not read your status report. Or something that could have been answered in a couple of slack messages. And then it’s already 4pm and your work day ends at 5pm. Nice, but not required. I can share a joke fine over a phone call. Powerpoint is a Microsoft product. A better comparison would be Keynote Cry in Haiti If you want to know immediately, ask me. If not, I guess a good indication would be the slack channel for the team (I'm working remotely), or the JIRA board update. I don’t think it’s the interruption. I work from home and I got interrupted all day, from family asking me something to teammate asking for my help and sometime joining a call. It’s the context switch that is bad. You can hold off most interruption to try to complete your current train of thought (like give me 15 minutes to complete this and I’ll get back to you). But when you have something that is mandatory, you avoid going into any deep work like a debugging session or architecting a new feature. And most of the time the standup does not really help, because productive teammates will reach out to each other during the day anyway if something impact them. And manager should reach out to developer anytime something pop up that impacts their work, not just wait for next day to let people know. Standup can be great if the responsibility across the team are spread out, but only at a lower frequency (once a week?). I think you can export chats from Slack and build an archive out of it I get a set schedule from 10am to 5pm. As my desktop is the most comfortable setup, I use it after hours too, but I close all work related software at 5pm. I use Safari as my personal browser and Firefox as my work one (Most of my software are pretty utilitarian as I have a ps4 and an Apple TV for entertainment purposes). The other things is I don't do work outside of my desk. I'm a contractor working full time on a project. If something is not done after 7 hours of continuous work, it may as well wait for tomorrow as I will be very tired and less than performant. Also mental health. I've been burned out previously and it was not pleasant. I try to separate work and personal life as much as I can (mostly virtually, as I'm working from home). If I had an office space, I would leave my desktop there. Because opinion is transient and can be changed on a whim, unless what is part of the identity of the person (physical apparence, religion and other cor values). Being exclusive only reduce cohesiveness. I don't know if that will really help as it is effortless for me and I've never given a lot of though to how it is for other people. My method is to go to sleep only when I'm tired. I may relax on the bed when reading a book or scrolling the web, but otherwise, I'm standing or sitting and most likely out of the bedroom. But as soon as I feel really tired, I go on the bed and remove anything that may impede my sleep. I turn off the tv and anything that is bright (lot of status leds). I remove anything on the bed and get into my relax position. Sleep usually follows soon after. If it does not, I got up and do things (watch TV, play games, browse the internet). Bed for me is heavily associated with sleep. Another trigger is my relax position. The running joke in my country is that pastors’ children always round up to be delinquent in their teens. You won’t be able to completely control the environment of your child. The re will be a moment, when he/she will realize you do not know everything and your word, while important will be just a voice in many. It is very hard to resist temptation when you see people your age doing them without restrictions. I would say teach them values, not enforce them. Lot of iems can reduce sounds quite a lot, especially if you have music or white noise going on. And some are pretty cheap. https://drop.com/buy/blon-bl-03-iem I have a PS4, and it's been great so far. It's low power (Solar panels are my main source of electricity) and the performance is great. I don't really enjoy gaming on small devices, and I prefer reading when I'm outside (Kindle). I also don't enjoy gaming on laptop (too expensive) and most desktop PC are too power consuming. Bought a $35 usb condenser mic for online meeting. It is good even for recording songs (Tested by a friend of mine). It's better to not be seen clearly than not being understood due to poor microphone (Although I did get a better webcam). I confirmed. Even when doing sketch, the key thing to get right is the eyes. Starting already this month: Digital painting and drawing. I'm already not bad at that, but I want my skills to be semi-professional at least. I have a very vivid imagination, and I want to be able to recreate the concept I see in my mind. Computer science foundation. Right now, I'm at the stage that I know enough to explain them in layman terms, but not enough to actually participate in an active discussion or projects that rely heavily on academic knowledge. Stuff like compilers and interpreters, computer architecture, database systems, distributed systems, and OS architecture. Another item on my list is reflecting more about philosophical and psychological matters (I read more fiction books than non-fiction ones at a ratio of 25:1, the only bibliography I've read was about George Lucas). SEEKING WORK | Software Engineer Location: Haiti | Eastern Time Zone Remote: Yes, remote only Willing to relocate: Willing, but quite hard to do. Experience: 5 years building mobile and web apps for startups and small businesses. While I collaborate well in a team project, my strong point is being autonomous and with broad knowledge to design MVP and helps non-technical entrepreneurs test out their idea in the real world. I'm a fast learner and can quickly pick up technologies to be productive in any project. Website: https://hescaide.me Email: hash [at] hescaide.me I'm not even near of being a representative of the group, but I will share my own motives and reflections. For me, it's like watching a game of chess, or a match of basket-ball. I know the games myself and I know what it takes to play it at a high level (I watch mostly professional players). It's an act of learning sometimes, when your own strategies differ quite a bit from the player's and that can lead to some interesting reflections. Also, they are humans, and you can empathize with their joy when winning a game, or frustration when suffering from a bug or bad teammates. Sometimes it's a spectacle, too, when the streamer puts on a show with an over the top personality. I don't really watch the kind of streamers that do "stupid" behavior, but you must be aware that they represent a sizable part of the gaming population and for them, it's normal to rage and stuff (not my kind of things). Also, I can't play games for long (not so good internet + work + other hobbies) and when I'm doing other stuff, I will put a gameplay in the background as all the other video contents I consume require focus. Not Asia, but SMS is dead pretty much in Haiti, and everyone uses WhatsApp. Internet usage is low enough to even be an alternative to phone calls in most cases (especially for the young adults category). The fact is, a framework can be good in a team where you have junior developers. When I started with PHP, Laravel seems a god send. You don't even have to learn PHP that deeply, as they provide a quite consistent playground to add your business logic. It's when you got experienced, you begin to notice the bloat. I don't know how it impacts performance, but I've seen many juniors shoot themselves in the foot where there's too little constraint. Nowadays, I think real hard about bringing any frameworks or libraries into my projects. I got so used to subtitles (learning English + anime). That I can put them in the background when I focus on the movie and quickly check them in case I did not understand something. Kinda like when you blur out the surrounding controls when watching YouTube. I'm just discovering how to take notes properly and extract and retain knowledge from books. I relied on my memory too much (literally cramming the before exams) and short form retention. My research and understanding skills are good. But I think I could have extracted much more of the 5 years I spent in college. I'm not fully sorry, as I was learning software engineering on the side. Just that my theoretical foundation could have been more solid, and maybe I would have worked on more personal projects. Shared ownership of the business? I have a game I built for a homework in university. After 5 years of react, I picked it up and try to run it on my MacBook. I just had to edit a few files and got it working again. C has this expressiveness in it where everything is exposed to the reader. No complicated abstractions, just data structures and code. Spotify added my country this year. Within a few months, a lot of labels removed my country from their authorized list for no obvious reasons. We don't have any sanctions or existing outlets here. Just geo-blocking for the sake of geo-blocking. I’ve tried Doppler which is nice if you don’t overly tinker with your library but I bought Swinsian to play locally and I also have Plex on a mac mini I use as a server (for playing on my ATV, my work computer and my iPad) I use lossless because why not. I have plenty of space on my computer. And if I really like an album that would like to listen on the go, I transcode it to a lossy version (aac) Also getting popular here: You pay around 5 dollars to get access to a US Netflix account per month. Credit Card infra is still bad here, and the local Netflix is not worth it even when you can pay. Also, no Access to the others. In French, the first floor is called "Rez-de-chaussée" and the uppers are what called "Etage". So it's actually 1 based. Last year, I worked on a PHP application. Getting it to a CVS trimmed down the folder from 3 GB to 100 MB with essential assets. They just dumped things in there and backup the whole server instead. Having cancer is being sick... There is no Etage 0. People will just confusingly look at you if you ever said that. And the "Je ne sais pas' is called "Sous-sol" Here in Haiti, it was between texting 5 messages or call for one minutes (if you have not activated any special plans). So, when WhatsApp came, everyone switched and SMS is now mostly ads from the provider. Most people only do quick calls and would wait when the internet get better to do longer exchanges. Internet infrastructure is still not good. I always wonder why people have all these bookmarks. I think the most I had at one time was 15 and that because I switch to another project halfway. As soon I extract what I want in one page, I close it. If it's something that is interesting, and I don't have time, I add it to my read-it-later list. And if it's something that I may often revisit, that's when I bookmark. Os support, especially in the Apple world. I only receive two types of messages: OTP and ads from the provider. I just set the message app to automatically delete everything after 30 days. A musician put it in time for an audition because that will be the piece he will be performing. But doing leetcode when the job definition is: You will be working on this e-commerce site is not the most motivating things. While algorithms and data structure knowledge are important, most of the time is spent writing code gluing data sources to interfaces. I'm perfectly fine doing an interview on the technologies I'm expected to master, but knowing by heart how to sort strings doesn't help anyone, IMO. We know how to apply them, it just that algorithms are not fit all solutions for most type of problems you encounter in the real world. I had to write a frequency analysis code. What I did was search for existing methods, found a paper that provides a mathematical procedure, then convert it to code. The data structures came directly from the OS and thankfully, there were no need to convert them to something else. I'd say a lot of us learn about algorithms and data structures early in their career. But most of them are guidelines, not rules. So, you just remember how to google for them, not learning specific ones by heart. No one has ever told me: You need to work on this string manipulation and be done within 30mns. The only thing I don't like about subscription is rent-seeking. I'm fine paying a small amount every month if I expect security updates or small features that won't impede my workflow. If there is a lot of request for additional features, you can always bump up to a new version. If there aren't, that means your product is mature, or you may need to market to a different segment. But I'm not paying you every month just to shuffle the UI around or to be able to access my data. Haitian Creole speaker here. We're in a weird spot. Where the majority of the vocabulary come from French, the grammar from west African languages, and heavy influence from Spanish and English. Due to the majority of the population not able to write , the language is easy to learn and speak. But the writing is not as precise as French or English, making it a bit tedious when explaining things. Verbs only have one form, with marker words to indicate mode and tense. Numerous words have multiple definitions or are very vague, so meaning is usually conveyed across by using comparisons and analogy. Easy to do when talking and adding a storyteller like to a conversation, but tedious when writing. The redeeming quality is that the grammar is simple and the orthography more so. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haitian_Creole If you have iCloud+, you can add your domain to your account. I use Mail.app so I don't know how exactly to set up them in an email app (you receive email through your iCloud account in Mail.app). There is no real need to change, but it is a nice feature and as good as free. You don't. You just add the domain and set up the settings. Very fast. My iCloud account uses the icloud.com domain, and I haven't changed that. I did not need to migrate data, so I don't know anything about that. A lot of the annoyances that you cited are valid. I speak three languages (one that the keyboard does not support), and my accent when speaking English trips Siri a lot (But I prefer not to switch to French). But the ecosystem really works together when using Apple products. Anything else and it becomes jarring. And you can appreciate it when you accept THEIR way of things. I used to be a heavy customizer (Arch, Custom roms for Android,...), but this day not so much. And it does work for people that can accept that. Anyone else? Not really, as you will feel frustrated by the constraints and the tall wall of their garden. A great example is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_NVUZNsh2E The remix is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGflUbPQfW8 The original is good, but the remix is something else. Like a more friendlier Reddit? A few I have from watching TV and games (probably incorrect). Vermont -> green hills Dakota -> hard deserts and Amerindians Nevada -> sand desert Texas -> ranches. Arizona -> Lots of sun and hot. Florida -> beach and spaces. Kansas -> Big corn farms. Massachusetts -> US version of Europe. Missouri -> Rivers. It's the merge part that is an issue. PR works on text files and on the line level, which fits code perfectly, as most statements are one line. For prose, it's messier. In other media it's difficult because of the cohesion of purpose needed, or just that you can't merge easily. It's easier to cooperate on the person level, than on the product level. I think that managers should involve themselves in that. I've worked with people who think that giving you a task and receiving an implementation or status report is their unique job. But when you want to flesh out the task and request for more information, they see you as bothersome. The trick is to guide them, not do the actual work. Even if you know how to do it, the job is their responsibility, not yours and you can't/shouldn't do two people's work. Singing. I love music and have a good sense of rhythms, but the tone of my voice is so random, I can't sing for my life - that doesn't stop me, though. +1 for iCloud+. I got the 200 to give my cousin a way to backup her pictures (around 30 GB, and it annoyed me she wasn't backing them up) The custom domain was nice, and I moved all of them to iCloud+. I use Swinsian and it's pretty nice, but no dark mode (don't know why). Do you have iCloud+? It allows custom domains now. I got a 15 GB account with Mega. I activated a bonus and got about 5 more. It's full now, but I forgot about that fact until I got an email about that I need to upgrade—bonus has expired —, or they're going to delete the data. But until I do, I can't delete the data, I can't do anything except pay, or everything's gone. So, I guess everything's gone. There is no way I'm putting my card on a service that kidnaps data. Laravel. I could do React+Serverless+Managed DB, but pushing all the rendering in the server make things easier to manage. I could always add a sprinkle of Svelte or Vue if I need to spice thing up. A visual editor can be a nice tool to do that. In one side, the notation with placeholder describing the expected input, In the other side, how the notation can be evaluated with the existing ones using the same input. You can add things like loops. No one is putting their mac in their pocket and going everywhere with it. People use their device in different way. And people behaviors are a big part in security models. Windows survived because of the family tech support. I can't even count the number of time I had to restore the computers in the house. Users can and will wreck their devices. Think GB WhatsApp on Android. Upgrade is one of the worst parts of Android. I had a Motorola that started with 5 and ended with 6. Custom ROMs got me up to 9 until it was stolen. It was not even a performance thing. If a few devs can hack a kernel, a company can do much more. I bought an iPhone 8 in 2019, and it is still working great today, running the latest OS. Most languages are quite tough to get into. And they require some real learning if you want to do anything trivial. JS is easy to get started (only the browser you already have) and you can do quite a lot without understanding anything about computer science. But it catches to you anyway. I've seen on Twitter someone repelled by the MDN documentation, describing it as not intuitive. I realized that the documentation assumes you're familiar with the basic tenets of programming (data types and structures, function signatures, ...). Which bootcamps often conveniently ignore. This is why I'm grateful for my native language, Haitian Creole. Our alphabet has signs - formed with Latin characters - and each is mapped 1 to 1 to sounds. You write words like they sound, and you pronounce them like it is written. Most of the usual mistakes made are because they tried to use the French orthography - many schools teach French before Creole. Foreign words can be either written with the original orthography or the best approximation in creole. At school, I only have one notebook. I pay attention to the teacher and whenever I don’t understand something immediately, I redo the demonstration on paper. There were a few teachers that didn’t use textbooks or slides so I had to rely on friends and photos to review things later. But the real advantage is that I usually understand the subject deeper. I did well on explanation questions, not so on memorization question. But I could always guess the answer. I see your point. But as long as you're consistent with the format for each value, I don't foresee an issue. I consider everything that has a readable representation plain text, but your definition may be different. You can go with a standard format, like JSON or YAML, but I think you can probably define something that is easier to write and still processable. I agree with you, but someone can likely get by with adding markers and being consistent with them. I think many people miss this point. I'm good at conversation, but horrible at keeping in touch because I don't really perceive time in relationship. Maybe I need to develop a habit of going through my contact list, but that is very fragmented due to various platform - call, WhatsApp, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn. So setting a common contact book, then adding reminders can be a nice way to maintain relationship. Or just in your mind you still have that bundle of memories which make you underestimate the time passed since last contact because you've been busy with life. I'm starting with Language Implementation Patterns [0], which is more practice focused than the Dragon's book [1]. Most of the examples are in Java, which you can then convert into your current implementation language. [0]: https://www.amazon.com/Language-Implementation-Patterns-Doma... [1]: https://www.amazon.com/Compilers-Principles-Techniques-Tools... If you need something cheap that lasts, Anker is your best bet. There are others that have longer lifetime, but they are from Sony, Bose or JBL and thus more expensive. My sister has the Soundcore for 2 years now. Why do you need to keep working? Every time I feel not working, I just don't work. That ranges from taking 10 minutes break on my balcony (I work remotely) to taking the whole day off. Unless I have an urgent deadline, I just move to something relaxing. So far: The Malazan Book of the Fallen Shadows of the Apt Murderbot Imperial Radch Youjo Senki It’s practice and learning. Drawing is just rendering volumes as shapes. You learn first how the process works, then practice to adjust your motor skills. I’ve been drawing on and off since I was 8. I’m 26 now and I’m just decent. The above is what will really help you. Like what is the form of the eye, and what would be its shape from that angle. Then If you can draw any geometric shape accurately (by comparing line length and angle), you can draw the eye. Shameless plug: https://hescaide.me/blog/2022/01/29/a-day-with-ansible/ This is after one day of interacting with Ansible. I did have previous experience with Linux and setting up Circle.ci projects and Dockerfile. There are not many concepts to grok. I just cloned a playbook on GitHub and tried to rewrite it to fit my needs, reading documentation over the part I did not understand well. No book or video tutorials were needed. Living in a country with poor internet access, my methodology has been: Offline Wikipedia HTTrack for any wiki I found useful. Calibre (for the l*gen files) A dictionary software. A backup full of the software programs I normally use (VLC, Office, Linux ISOs, Firefox, ...) At the time, that was pretty much it. I did not have any phone, and only a few apps are useful online. Maps being one because of the smaller form factor and the GPS module. I went to Cuba once, and the only use I got out of mine was maps, camera, and Spanish dictionary. > far better battery life and being able to use the laptop in my lap comfortably These are the mains reasons I sold my 2015 MBP to get the M1 Air. I was not doing anything computationally heavy, so I don't notice any performance improvement. But the Air never get hot. And the battery usage is so light that I don't worry over its charge status. In Haitian creole, if the main object of the verbe “prete” is a person, it means loan, and the second object says what. If it’s only one non person object, it means borrow. In FPS, most of the people playing are also bad, but their behaviors can be coherent. The enjoyable part is the random nature of your opponents and the context of the conflicts. Similar to me. I’m 26, but only got on the social train in 2015 or so. I scroll for a few minutes, but I’m just seeking for something interesting to learn about. To distract me, a video or article need to trigger that thirst of knowledge. And it’s not something you find on most social platforms - which is why I check HN more than anything else these days. Apex Legends streamers on Twitch. Only really tough problems requires me to have no distractions and most of the time, I solve them using paper. But I like having background noise, as it will provide something else to focus on when I need to reset my thoughts. Other times, I just listen to my local music library. No criteria other than my mood. I can't listen to podcasts or any informative things as I tune them out when working. I was so hyped when Spotify added my country. But I then found that most of the artists I listen to (Reggae artists, CHVRCHES) was missing from the catalog. I keep it for a little time as it was cheap, but did not bother to renew when my card expired. Flutter replaces the entire views with its own rendering engine. That has caused some issues with consistency. > what you can do is find ways of explaining the cost of what they're asking in a way that is effectively no What's good about that is that your superior may want to actually eat the costs because he may have information that he has not shared yet with you. Possessives were the weird ones for me. I learned French at an early age, and you were just expected to learn the possessive pronouns. I did the same for English and while `it's` and `its` are similar, I've always considered the latter as its own thing, not something extrapolated from using the apostrophe as a possessive in English. Another case is that in my country, there is no easy way to get anything - credit card not easily available and services just not available. People have been paying to get access to a Netflix account (about 5 USD per person). Most people can't download torrent, but they will go with the easier option anytime - right now is telegram groups. I guess they use farther warehouses when doing free delivery without prime. I bought a keyboard on Wednesday and they said Monday. On Thursday, it was still being processed, so I just paid the next-day delivery ($10), and the progress rewinds back to the beginning, so I think they switched warehouses. I would say it's like watching any show about sport in general. Sometimes, you root for the person to win. Other times, you can learn something new by watching the streamer. And it can just be entertaining as watching a reality show. I remember playing DS1 and the first enemies I found at Firelink Shrine was the indestructible skeletons. I never run away so fast when I found they were respawning, and I needed a divine weapon – which I had no idea where to find. The aspect I enjoyed the most was fighting with all you had to reach the next bonfire, then realize you've grown in terms of skill when the next rerun is much shorter and easier. I'd said that it is a non-issue. One of the main tenets in React is that your component re-renders when the prop changes. I think anyone should research what exactly change in this context means and take care of not triggering the re-render when it's not wanted. The author goes out of the way to use examples that are what I would consider bad code and not something that should ever pass a code review. I have not dealt with many junior devs, but creating an object either by using a literal or restructuring is still creating a new object and no one should expect it to be the same. Equal perhaps, but not the same. Maybe someone should explain scope and instance lifetime in the JavaScript world instead of blaming React for these. Because there is no surprise that the component re-render when you change the prop. Props are outside the boundary of concerns for a component as far as allocation go. You react to value and identity. The parent component is the one concerned with actually giving you the correct props. Very much like a function call would work. You can provide a signature or a contract, but you are not actually expected to deal with every kind of abuses, especially things that fall outside good practices. Perhaps it is a concern in bigger codebase. AFAIK, there is no method to enforce this kind of contract. But documentation could be a big help. Like documenting how changes to a prop impact the behavior of the component - like the common `initialValue` and `value`. You should always be aware of the business domain of the code. My general pattern is to actually have an idea of what the software does. Then I locate where the general code is. After I ask what modules I'm interested in - most codebases have clearly delimited modules. Then I work from the entry point on that module and look on what it returns. I sometimes look at other part of the code to assert my assumptions, but generally, I stay in one place until I have a good idea of its behavior. Then after I have a good model, I move on to the next one. The goal is to understand each unit enough that I can write a couple of sentences or paragraphs about it - from functions to whole file. I can say a lot of people only uses computer for typing papers or watching movies - bigger display and storage. My cousin does everything else on her phone. I’m good at vim and it will be probably what I use if I’m editing a script or some other project that does not require extensive tooling. But typing and navigating files are the least of my concerns these days. I’ll use whatever IDE is most suitable for the task in hands. XCode for Swift/Apple Programming, IDEA for Java/Kotlin, Android Studio for Android, VSCode for TypeScript,… But I will enable whatever VIM subset plugin/mode they have. PhoneGap/Cordova. If your app can run in a mobile browser, it can run there too. But you will have to make sure that most of the files are local as I believe apple don’t see kindly to websites with a webview front. I don't know about 4k@27, but 1080@27 is indeed too big. The only thing I want to be big is the text - and icons maybe -, But I can't stomach big UI elements. I have a 1440p@27 monitor. That gives me enough real estate to actually use editors and IDE and have some real estate. I could probably do 4k, but maybe @32 inches and native resolution. SEEKING WORK | REMOTE | Haiti I'm an experienced React Native engineer who can also do backend if needed (Laravel, Node.js, Firebase, ...). I can also deal with the native parts of both platforms, Android and iOS. Problem-solving skill is top-notch. I'm also equally good at React.js. Website: hescaide.me Email: hey @ hescaide dot me Location: Haiti Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Yes Technologies: React Native, React, Ionic, Firebase, AWS, Kotlin & Java (Android), Swift & SwiftUI (iOS), Laravel, Node.js Résumé/CV: https://hescaide.me/assets/cv.pdf Email: hey @ hescaide dot me Same. A mini for my work needs and an Air for personal and when I travel. The former handles everything that I sent its way so far including docker containers. I don’t really see the appeal of the max unless you’re into cpu or gpu-heavy tasks. I have shellfish on my ipad and it’s pretty good. I also hav Textastic and Working Copy and with that you can do fixes if you need to. Haitian here. I basically had no face to face interaction with English native speaker. What I do is immersing. I only read English book, set up all my accounts in English, consume English youtube video, and write in English - docs and the like. While I still have difficulties with pronunciation and spelling mistake, I had a few people say that my vocabulary was quite extensive (most of it comes from Fantasy books). A Mac Mini 2011 I use as a file server (SMB) + Infuse on everything (iPad, Mac, Apple TV). Infuse scans the file and pull its metadata from IMDB or something. I don't watch much, but having the same experience everywhere is a nice touch – I use Plex for music and it's not as smooth. I've been at both ends. Building apps as a solo developer, as well as fixing some bug or implementing a single feature correctly for clients. I think it requires being able to zoom in and zoom out along the stack of abstraction that constitutes a code base, as well as either focusing on the now or a much larger timeframe. The higher level skills can be somewhat tested by asking the candidate how it would build some module and the variation that some factors would bring in (like closer deadline, no third party service,...) A lot of my old colleagues actually balked at the thought of creating a report, preferring mostly to be told what to do, or doing it their own way. Actually justifying their arguments in writing with cons and pros was a no-go. These days, as I'm working as a freelancer, I try to get much of my thinking in writing. These makes sharing information a bliss as I have a trove of documentation to support whatever discussion we're having Every time I wanted to write, I felt that what I'm writing about is either trivial or already done. But whenever someone asked me something, I could speak about it for hours. So now, I'm building personal wikis - one for learning and work, the other for thinking. I jot down whatever I feel somewhat relevant. Aiming for the perfect blog post stunted me, so I love writing in a more raw format and a less structured environment. I do a quick overview of the syntax - I check out a syntax book, cheatsheet pages or the language documentation. Then I do the "Getting started" section. After that, I try to build a project. If it's a new one, I reduce the scope to be about one or 2 days worth of tinkering and a lot of readings of documentation and other codebases. I was thrilled when I read Spotify was coming to my country. Then the main genres I listen to (Reggae and Dancehall) have many tracks unavailable as the labels (VP Records is the worst) whitelist countries. I reverted back to local files. React Native and Flutter is fine if you want to do information app (backed by a backend for most of the work), but as soon as you want to tap into the native capabilities of the device, the difference can become too much. Those toolkits rely on being able to find a common ground between the two ecosystems, and sometimes that can be a hindrance. I use Reeder[0] on my Apple devices, I also use a Email2RSS service[1] for the ones that are asking me to subscribe. [0]: https://reederapp.com/ [1]: https://kill-the-newsletter.com/ Currently, using Craft[0] as the central repository for my projects. It's where I write specifications, diaries, meeting notes,... Once I've outlined a plan for the project, I set up a new project in Things[1], to list all the action items, setting dates and reminders if I need to. [0]: https://www.craft.do [1]: https://culturedcode.com/things/ > but my mouse still feels like it's mired in tar I think you need to increase the tracking speed in "Mouse" preferences. Mine is about 75% and I can move across a 1440px screen with just a small flick. I had to do this recently. I just create a new project, and move the deps and js code files in it. And then fix whatever is breaking. The great thing is that they didn't have a lot of stuff done native side. The biggest changes was updating react-navigation to 5 from 3 The one I had up to 2019 had one. But I replaced the drive with a caddy containing an hdd because I’ve never used it A lot of reading. I started programming when I was in high school, but procrastinated hard on making project. So I read a lot of books about C, assembler, network, security, operating systems, algorithms. When I started doing projects in university, everything I did made sense conceptually. To this day, when I'm doing project, I can go left and right on the slider [Abstraction----Implementation], very easily, from the architecture of the whole systems, and the gritty details of the particular language and algorithms. They can, but for any reasonable sized application, you're basically recreating bare redux. If someone is good with both, it can architect and choses the correct one based on the needs of your software. But if you find that your global state needs are not small, you just chose redux - add a library like rematch on top to reduce boilerplate - so it's straightforward for your junior. Used to do so because my only internet access was a cybercafé and when I have enough money to use a 3g modem. I used to have zeal installed, plenty of syntax references manual the occasional mirror of a site. I loved Android studio at that time because you could click on a symbol and got redirected to the definition, so you could learn how it works. I also used to collect open source codes that I review every so often to learn best practice and design patterns. Same. I have a Kindle Basic (great for reading, bad for pretty much everything else). It can fit my back pocket, so I put it there whenever I go out. Every waiting moment is an occasion to read a few pages of my current book. I've also disable cellular internet on my phone, so it's always the best distraction instead of going to Twitter or Whatsapp status. What I bought and personally use: - Things 3 - iA Writer - Bartender - Alfred - Cleanshot X - Sip - Tot - Keyboard Maestro - Tim (time tracker for freelance work) - Swinsian (Very good, but no dark mode) - Doppler (Good) - PDF Expert (Preview was a pain with annotation) - Reeder - Mela - Pixelmator Pro - Dash - Affinity Photo & Designer Things user here: It’s nice to use. That’s the main reason for me. It’s a specific app for each device (phone, tablet and laptop). Which means the UX is specifically tailored to the patterns of the device. The closest to it for me is Bear (my note taking app). IA Writer and Reeder came close (still not as nice) I think I would like open formats and protocols instead of the mess with Electron. So like the sibling comment, native markdown editor + a sync folder. Search Plex Currently, my main library is 114 GB. It contains albums I like from artists I follow. Then I got another 110 GB of compilations. All the files are lossless, for no particular reason other than archival. There are a few MP3 mixed in there, but mostly because I can't find lossless versions, or I can't bother to download them in FLAC. My Elecom deft pro mouse have the physical switch and a button for pairing. But that takes some space though. The hotter that I got my M1 MBA was when I was converting 131 GB of Flac files to AAC (~3k files). I believe it used all the cores continuously for around 20 minutes. It was still cooler than my old 2015 MBP at normal usage. Not even MMO. I play Apex Legends, a character based BR. There is a ranked mode where each rank have an entry cost and you get points by placement and kills. While it’s a team game, the entry cost was so low that you could play aggressively - killing a few people and dying soon after - or survive by hiding - ratting - and get to a high rank easily. It quickly became a solo game, where people abandon their team to push fights they can’t win, hoping for a few kill, or leaving their teammates in fight they could have win otherwise. They’ve just changed to a new system where you have to get both high placement and kills in order to rank up. That means relying heavily on your team to win the fights or strategizing rotation around the map. And some people are still complaining about being forced to play as a team in a team based game. Around $80/month, but that's with a 50% discount because my SO is an employee of the ISP. Real price is close to $170 20 Mb/down, up is a guest at this point I am in Haiti, Port-au-Prince. Yep, it is this bad. Fiber is cheaper, but the network is sparse, and I can't get it where I live. I used to have those programs that scan your device and install your driver for you on a CD drive. It was a eureka moment when I figured how to find the vendor and the product Ids and then use it to search for the correct driver on the internet. It was infuriating when the same model had different hardware in it and you have to figure out the correct one to get Wi-Fi and Bluetooth working. It was shocking trying out Linux distros and seeing it included everything already. NieR soundtracks embody greatness. They are superb. And much more approchable than fil classical works. Browsing through my distractions websites- HN, Twitter, Reddit, Dilbert - only take me about 15 minutes to note everything interesting. I do that thrice a day, and it’s more than enough. I second this. Training people is even harder, because you have to train their English and teach them the work culture to avoid conflicts. I have an XPS with a touchscreen and I always forgot it’s there. UI elements are just too small for my finger I'd probably be a graphic designer or an illustrator. There was a point in high school where I was as good in graphic art as in programming. Then, I went to study electronic engineering. I understand everything visually. Thinking about code is basically me visualizing and exploring some kind of abstract structure representing the architecture of my program. I don't. I usually say I'm taking a few days off. I've never seen a project's deadline so important that I should sacrifice my mental health for it. After a rest, I take it very slow, stopping whenever I feel pressure mounting. Or fork it and implement your feature. Even make a PR if you really think that something the main product should have. It does, but there is an ongoing bug [0] - which I suffer myself - that is always removing the local version of the book. I grew tired of always having to redownload books after a few days. [0] https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/344271/books-autom... Mostly because the online experience is tied to the system itself and not the game. And CD exchange is a big thing in my country. TL,DR; Avoid anything or situation that traps heat. From someone leaving in Haiti with no AC (it is usually 30C outside, right now 27C with 70% humidity), you just get used to it. One thing to remember is that outside is typically colder because electronics and bodies will warm up the air inside. In my room, it only starts to get really hot at 4pm. So I go to the balcony. Around 8pm, my room is already at a bearable temperature and I can go back in. Another trick is to never go out in the sun if you can avoid that. So, everyone does their stuff in the morning or in the afternoon. My family in my native town practically spend all their days under the trees in the yard, with all the doors and windows left open. As for the clothes, you avoid clothes that trap heat (think heavy fabric like wool) anything else is ok (used to go to school with long pants, socks, and long sleeve shirts). Better to sweat than be sunburned. But inside, I only wear a gym short. I use bobby [0] for that [0]: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/bobby-track-subscriptions/id10... 1. You can get what you want by being valuable yourself 2. Don't be afraid to discuss money. The client is always seeking the lower price and the budget is always higher than what was mentioned before. 3. Work so you live. It's never worth it to do overtime. 4. Learning is a shortcut to success. Most people stop seeking new information unless forced. You will be a step ahead of those. 3. There isn't much that do really matters in life. Act only on this small set and enjoy the rest as it is. > On the flipside, it can be frustrating for managers that engineers sometimes can’t understand that they have to manage deadlines. Deadlines are not solved by estimations. Deadlines are a business problem that can be resolved by a discussion with your engineer to work out a plan based on that time constraint. If you have a deadline in mind for a feature, it would be better to state it directly. Then the engineer can say it can or can't be done the way you wanted. Or we need to modify the requirements to fit it in this timeframe. But the most horrendous thing I've seen is when you give an estimation, the manager treat it as an actual deadline. It should only be used to verify if everything is progressing correctly and should be revisited periodically. But not to make promises. I used to think about work all the times when I started freelancing. I had no boundaries and routinely worked until 1 or 2 am. When I started contracting with bigger companies, I just set up office hours, powering on the laptop when I start and powering it off when the day ends. I don't have the office accounts (slack & email) on my phone, but they know my phone number so they can call me or message me if something urgent pops up (very unlikely as I'm not a senior). I found that as soon as I close the laptop, everything fades away as I'm not tempted in any form to interact with it. I could, but with nothing in front of me, it's just a single thought. I also have other stuff to do like reading, learning foreign languages, watching Twitch or YouTube, or just planning the next day (personal part, not the work part)