Interesting peaks. A year ago, when I was developing a retro Pacman for cellphones (J2ME) as a university project, I decided to use a text file to store maps. It was before I knew about emacs picture-mode, and I was working on Windows, so I actually used MS Excel for the job. You resize the cells to make them square, insert a formula that will rewrite all cells from a given row into a single string (so you could then just copy a column with those strings and paste directly into Notepad, or something), and then you can use convenient navigation with arrows, tab and ENTER to create the map (also filling entire row or column by one mouse drag was handy). Moreover, if you add "conditional formatting", you can make all different tiles appear with different colors and font styles (like walls with dark background or pickups colored in gold, green, etc.). It's a 2-minutes-to-do, poor's man map editor for tileset-based games :). I often do branch prediction when chatting on IM's, especially with people who type slowly. For example, I ask "How did your exam went?", and before getting the answer, I type (without sending) "Sorry to hear that, but hey, you'll have another chance next week." In general, I just quickly think about possible answers, select the most probable one and type in my response without waiting. Then I get answer from the other person, and most likely send my text immediately. Most of the time, branch prediction works great and it's a big chat optimization. If it fails, it is often of because the other person answered in a way, that my prepared sentence won't fit grammatically (I just edit it), or asked for clarification (I then CTRL+X my response for later reuse and write some clarification instead). I think I've realized it when I started to extensively use Skype chat, which (as opposed to - for example - IRC) shows that a person is typing. When I'm asked a question and then I see that the other person is typing something, I wait with my answer, expecting a clarification or follow-up statement from the person I talk to. I guess others do that too, so I consciously avoid branch-prediction typing on Skype in order to actually get any answer from the other person. Wow... I'm sitting here, mentally mapreducing the HN RSS, barely awake, and then this news item pops up, I load the page and I'm like: "...ee... WHAT?". Then I got flooded by the wave of excitement and pleasant emotions. Awesome idea! :). Though I'm too excited to go to sleep now :(. I learned about Dropbox exactly the way slide 28 shows - heard about it from random source, tested, felt happy and started forcing my friends to use it (ie. to coordinate work for university projects). And the funny thing about those "Dozens and dozens of cloud storage companies" that existed prior to Dropbox (as slides 6 and 7 tell)... personally I don't know anyone who knew about any of those companies. I didn't know any of them untill today and for years I was pretty sure that Dropbox guys were the first ones to get that idea (or at least to get it working). And they did a great job with it. I can imagine reporters using ear cameras. As far as I remember, there was even a scene on Star Trek: Generations movie, when journalists used something similar in principle: http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... and http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... If you could look through a (linear) polarizing filter oriented at 45 degrees from the vertical, you could kill off most of LCD displays. Unfortunately, sunglasses with polarizer are usually polarized at the wrong angle, so you have to tilt your head to see the effect (black screens). Sorry for that, I'll be more enter-aware in the future. > The answer to online advertising isn't to hit more people, it's to hit the right people in the right way. Still, it sounds to me like doing a carpet-bombing to eliminate one building. At least in case of non-AdWords advertisements. It might be a problem with my assumptions. Could you elaborate on the "people do want to see ads" part, please? Personally, I'm having a hard time imagining why people would (actively) want to see (on-line) adverts. Thanks for the stats. I didn't realize that AdBlock (and the like) is so unpopular (guess what happens when only people you talk to are either geeks or people who almost doesn't use computer at all :) ). Also, this report you've mentioned is... intriguing. With all respect to people who do them, I think that those kinds of proffessions should be ultimately done by machines and technology. People are good at creativity and generating new ideas; machines are good at repetition and precision. Congratulations on the release! Music video and the comic (Continuation guild reminds me of Arilou ships from StarControl II) are AWESOME and made my day. I'm currently trying to get money for paper version of the book. By the way, I've shown the music video and the comic to friends of mine, and two of them actually got interested and started to ask questions about Lisp. Their positive reaction makes me think that those materials could be good to show to people to get them seriously interested in parenthesis-oriented-programming ;). http://roflcopter.pl/math-jokes.jpg I don't use any particular technique; I try to get 7 hours of sleep per day, but it often ends up 5-6 hours. I started collecting sleep time data few days ago and am in progress of writing a piece of Lisp code to compute a running average and apply some kind of proportional (or PI) controller to fix my sleeping time. You know, a kind of software that yells at you: "Hey, you really have to go to bed before 2200 today!" ;). (I know it might sound overengineered, but hey, it's also fun! ;)) I find "keeping an eye on the time" very distracting. When I work alone, I usually set up my phone timer to some interval and then toss it away, out of sight. I also restrain myself from estimating the remaining time based on looking at computer clock. I just do my work untill it rings. At work I try to avoid using phone timer, as ringing sound might distract my co-workers. I was positively surprised by the fact that the site presented itself in my native language (polish) and it didn't suck . It's probably the first time ever I saw a site that autodetected a language and it actually felt nice. Not everything is translated though, and I hope you'll fix it one day :). After reading this I start to really feel why we don't like 'security by obscurity'... Works fine and looks great for me. Also, it's a first parallax website I've seen so far, so thanks for posting! BTW. Despite that it's an advert, it has a positive message. Made me feel better, at least a bit. Yes. And it's still so true :). Isn't it true that an american citizen can not be banned from entering his country and isn't that a constitutional law? I'm not from US, but I remember a small media mess around a case, when TSA didn't want to let an american citizen out of the airport (was mentioned on HN). About reading fiction apart from technical things - I believe that fiction writing is important and practical for society as a whole in a way similar to how thought experiments and simulations are important for scientists. Writers of books and TV shows create imaginery worlds in which they set up different scenarios, create problems and propose solutions. Those stories often create discussions, in which people generate and evaluate ideas. For example, many science-fiction fans get involved in lengthy discussions about physics of space travel and social consequences of technology that doesn't exist yet. But it might exist in the future, as it is with ie. Orson Scott Card's writings exploring influence of global information network on society and governments back in 1980-s. I believe the same applies to other genres as well - good stories contain simulations of events that might not be happening right now around us, but one day they might. It's a human way to create solutions before real problems strike hard. Thanks for your answer :). But still, I'd like to know if it is a constitutional right or if I misread it somewhere? BTW. I heard a joke about current flight security policies in general (ie. not specific to any country) that "you can board the plane with a fish in a bowl, as long as you dispose of water before entering" ;). A programmer I know told me once about his method of using Twitter. He doesn't read any normal news sites, use RSS, etc. but just follows on Twitter people who write things that he finds interesting (mostly game development). When someone stops tweeting high-value things (links to interesting articles, etc.) he just stops following him and finds someone with more interesting tweets. Sad there's no mention about Org Mode. It's awesome :). Like people talking about Lisp being dead for the last 30 years, or so? ;). I was recently struggling whether commit my new TODO list to WorkFlowy and OrgMode, and I made a small comparison: Org Mode + You get full editing power of Emacs + Lots and lots of features (custom TODOs, calendars, hyperlinks, generating documents, ...) that are hidden and doesn't distract people who are not aware of them. + It IS actively developed all the time :). - Not really portable - requires Emacs for nice look&feel, although .org files are just text files, so one MIGHT be able to work with them. WorkFlowy + Webapp, so it's extremely portable. + Web-based, so it's always synchronized :). + Ability to zoom-in on a selected part of your list is much better done than the Org-Mode one (at least the "C-x n s" I know about). - Bad editing shortcuts and lack of general text editing capabilities I'm used to (ie. CTRL+arrows doesn't move around text by jumping words). I finally chose Org Mode (don't need to synchronize that list, and I do need the editing powers), but I also have a lot of stuff on WorkFlowy that I need to have synchronized between work, home, and whereever I go. OneNote is a good piece of software, IMO. I keep majority of my notes there (but I started using it long before I ever saw Emacs or heard about Org Mode). I was thinking about migration, but some of my notes consist of drawings and images pasted between text - I have no idea how to move something like that to Org Mode, or make such notes there in the future. Count me in! The replay button reminds me of the Achron game (an up-coming Meta-Time RTS). Basically, you can start drawing, then press Replay and draw some more on the replay, and then press Replay again... looks amazing :D. Nice work :). Even if it's subconscious, if one could come up with a way to measure this "accuracy in prediction", I think it could be trainable. Awesome! We need more tools such as this one to help people get the feel of different concepts in mathematics and physics. I tend to click print-view (if I can find one) each time I see multiple-page article. I'm not sure why anyone designing those websites thinks that paging articles is a good idea, but even if it is, it's probably not intended to benefit the readers. They look WAY better on W3C site. For some reason Smashing made a JPEG version of the original PNGs. I'd like to take this opportunity to remind HN that we don't use JPGs for this type of graphics. See: http://lbrandy.com/blog/2008/10/my-first-and-last-webcomic/ ;) The site is actually a little bloated with AdSense, making it hard to distinguish between content and adverts. Maybe that's why YC accepts so many applications - pg is gathering the data to improve The YC Algorithm ;). Haha, awesome! I installed two extensions to Chrome immediately :). It is sad that collapsible comments doesn't work on HN sidebar :(. Amazing! So many different worlds on our single planet. (For some reason it also reminded me of different "lands" on a single map in Heroes of Might and Magic III.) Without taking anything from Raymond Li, who did something awesome, is this really a brand new thing, as the article seems to say? I think I remember seeing water-powered jetpacks on TV (Discovery, I think) years back. Does anyone remember any previous attempts on devices like that? Maybe it works as a cost-effective way to eliminate occasional counterfitter-wannabes. Reminds me of: http://lesswrong.com/lw/f1/beware_trivial_inconveniences/ For me it doesn't really feel like a switch (unless we talk about a very fast one). I tend to mix thinking (and sometimes speaking) in English and Polish to the level they blend together - sometimes I express separate phrases or even words in another language just because it "feels better" this way. Similarly for programming languages - I tend to mix thinking in them with thinking in natural language. I do agree that those two issues - thinking in programming and natural languages - might be connected. It somehow feels similar. Played around with it for a while, but because I currently don't have a way ($$$) to get Photoshop (nor do I really need it), I use Paint.NET for most of the things I do. For the few things for which Paint.NET is not good enough I use GIMP ;). And of course Inkscape for vector graphics. Haha, very nice :). I feel like using it myself for self-motivation :). Thanks for the idea; will use at work since next monday! :D. For those who didn't notice - this series currently has 5 more articles - you need to click "Next post" at the bottom. Wasn't immediately obvious for me. This link just shown me how many misconceptions I have about vacuum exposure. Thank you! I've learned a lot from it. Actually, more action is going on scientist-mode-__experimental__ branch. Code is little rusty, but workable with and possibilities of optimizations are great. EDIT: BTW. Any ideas how to get continous integration working with it? Programmer's intuition ;). I really like your question. Personally I value stories, creations, etc. in which authors make multiple layers of "jokes" or references. Unfortunately, I'm not good enough to know what letters I'm actually changing :(. "Spam filtering programs using A.I. learning and classification techniques correctly identify over 99.9% of the 200 billion spam e-mails sent each day." 200 billion spam e-mails each day . Something should be done with spammers just on the basis of how much electricity it wasted on sending, processing and discarding all those e-mails... > Life expectancy was only 35 because of infant mortality. Once you grew up, people tended to live almost as long as we do today. Ok, so why we calculate it this way? Shouldn't we look at median instead of an average? Or average on data between lower and upper quartile? I thought that quartiles exist exactly for those kind of situations... First thought: "Yo dawg. I herd you like Y-Combinator. So we put a lambda in yo lambda, so you can recurse while u recurse." A M A Z I N G. I was really impressed :). Or at least please use TLDs that together with domain name actually try to resemble some English words, and are not just "take a noun, cut suffix, add .ly" mashups. In what way "computers adore XML"? Well, it can represent trees (and so can S-expressions), but its verboseness makes the files bigger, parsing more computation-intensive and memory consuming. Isn't "poking at all the options the program provides, hoping one of them will be close enough" the way one actually learns to use a program? At least I personally learn everything this way. Oh noes, I've accidentally upvoted this poll :(. (joking ;)) Isn't keyboard-related RSI caused by moving wrists? This system doesn't require you to move your hand at all. BTW. I've just read on Wikipedia that there's no causation proven between RSI/CTS and keyboard typing. Interesting, as from what I've seen, it's a widespread belief. At the moment of writing this comment, this app has 88 likes and 446 tweets. I wonder if people don't click "Like" in order not to reveal that they're interested in using the application ;). +1 ;) I always carry duct tape, WD-40, swiss army knife, another knife, lighter, a spare CAT-6 net cable. Also recently I started to carry those small bags with sugar that they give in coffee shops. Funny thing is, that run into situations where duct tape is needed almost on daily basis. It's like the "when only thing you have is a hammer..." effect, but in a positive way. Opportunities to fix/hack things find you all the time ;). There's a presentation from ITA (a company that made one of the more known air travel search engines) about this topic, which covers pricing issues in much details: http://www.demarcken.org/carl/papers/ITA-software-travel-com... For my small projects, plain-text OrgMode file most of the time is sufficient ;). At work I used Redmine, and I find it to be a really nice tool. Right. Most of the actions required you to do things in real world - such as pay a fee, bring some photos / documents / printouts somewhere, etc. Also the steps you should take depended on who you are, whether are you continuing studies or coming for the first time, etc. So you did those things and then returned to recruitment site, say, next day. Technically it is a wizard, but it doesn't show you the "state of the process" and the point of it you're in right now. Also, it is persistent and updated based on real-world actions :). The reason why I like it is that the other, "obvious" option would be to write a document that tries to describe every action that should be taken in more-less sequential way - those documens tend to be hard to follow because of their length and branching (ie. "do X, unless you're Y - then do Z"). Great idea. Thanks for posting this! Reminds me of an advice my friend gave me once. I was writing a small game with a ball flying between planets in 2D space. Sometimes the ball would travel outside of the screen boundaries. I used to draw a marker on the proper side of the screen to point to where the ball is. The friend suggested much better idea - a circle centered on the ball should be drawn, with radius big enough to make it visible on the game screen. The continuous change of the curvature and length of the visible part of the circle provides feedback on the ball-to-screen distance in the same way that, in your example, hand gestures can provide information on the distance between the car and the wall. Screenshot: http://temporal.pr0.pl/devblog/download/projects/ClozeCall/s... Note the part of the circle visible near the bottom of that picture. What about out-of-the-office work applications? Storage rooms, hospitals, factories, delivery - everywhere you have to walk around with information instead of sitting by your desk. I can imagine (I don't know if anyone actually tried this) a facility with many (company-owned) tablets that people exchange between themselves instead of paper reports and forms, much like PADDs in Star Trek. I'm surprised that LCARS interface is not there. EDIT: Request sent. Same here; I tend to pause movies and read stuff out of the GUIs/code displays. I remember that on StarGate: The Ark of Truth movie there's some JavaScript-like webpage code that was supposed to be the source code of dangerous aliens. StarGate TV series also featured some C and Java-like code; surprisingly, some of those places should actually contain a meaningful text, not code. I think UPS uses 2D barcode that is currently known as MaxiCode. I've also seen Datamatrix codes on some electronics. There are probably many more examples of use in logistics and manufacturing. I think I have similar feelings. The deep reason for me to read about advanced mathematics, theoretical physics and science in general is the hope that one day this accumulated knowledge will let me understand the world we live in in a better way; a hope of getting a framework of thought that allows to experience and do things that previously I couldn't. Thanks for sharing this link. I'm giving a talk on Lisp and computer games at my university in less that two weeks from today. It's great to have more examples to share. BTW. Abuse is a half-C, half-Lisp game. Am I the only one who, looking at the headline, thinks "RSA as in algorithm", not "RSA as in some US company"? Thanks for the info! I haven't been on IRC so much recently and I've missed info about this on #lispgames. I probably won't have time to participate this time though :(. And you can rotate them, which will ruin your chances of winning. I've just watched the video on my laptop and this 3D audio actually works! It's amazing! I'd really like to see more demos. Use your smartness to install routines and hacks in your life to help you cope with down phases. Use your up phases to the fullest of your potential. Help Lisp environment to become better and better. I'm talking about respecting someones programming skills. Respecting someone as a person is a whole different topic. It's a great question. After rewriting this post several times I realized that I never really thought about it carefully before. I know I have great respect for people who invent things like closures, Aspect-Oriented Programming, Metaobject Protocol or Erlang-style concurrency. I have great respect for low-level hackers. I have great respect for demoscene, where people store almost unimaginable amounts of animation, sound and action in kilobytes (sometimes it's a demo in 4KB, sometimes an FPS game in 96KB). After some thinking I believe that what I really respect in people is the way they solve problems - be it a beautiful design, a really smart hack, a clever abstraction, or a great idea for a product. About rating by language, I think there are two different kinds of "using the language", that differ by the reason, why one is using that language. Let me give an example of each: 1. "I code in C++ because it's the best language,... and the only one I really know." (that would be me, few years ago ;)) 2. "I code in C++ because I like it and it fits the problems I like to solve. I also know Erlang, Common Lisp, Haskell, Prolog, Java and (...), and I can apply the lessons they gave me in my C++ programming, but I really - both in the context of the projects I want to do, and my personal feelings - like C++ the most." I'd really respect the second programmer even if I didn't like the language he is using, whereas the first programmer simply has a lot to learn about the world. It seems that I respect creativity, 'MacGyverism' and hacking spirit. I understand that in many places it might not be what's needed. In some places you need people to do repetitive, almost mechanical work, or maintenance work. I do believe that people ultimately should not do repetitive work; that this kind of work should be automated in the future. People should solve problems, machines should do the boring work. I don't know if it is possible with maintenance though. I do have a feeling , that enterprise work, all the 'business/corporate development' is full of boring, overly complicated, useless and redundant work that comes from using poor tools. It's just a gut feeling (based on brief look on some technologies and stories over the Internet), I never worked professionally on enterprise software and have no hard data points to prove (or disprove) it. I'd like to know the opinions of people working on 'corporate stuff'. //EDITed line feeds. A great part of even greater Org Mode. I'm experimenting with literate programming using Org Babel right now. While this style of programming seems interesting, so far it proved only to be a great time sink for me. Maybe some benefits will show themselves later :). At work I'm a "food outlier", because I'd actually like to have pizza :(. Breaking to any of your e-mail accounts may allow the attacker to impersonate you and start social-engineering attacks. I do believe that the single most important account for one to protect is one's e-mail account. I still don't understand why the average is used instead of median (or average of data between the first and third quartile), when people talk about life expectancy. It leads to misconceptions. Sarcasm or not, it is a valid solution. Making the whole problem somehow relevant economically to US or international community might be helpful, although I have no idea how to do that. Agree. I remember hearing that the general population of WWII Germany was unaware of the atrocities that happened in Nazi concentration camps. Given also the recent events in countries you mentioned, I think that making regular people in North Korea know what's going on in their country could be very, very important. This library just pushed JavaScript to the top of the "to learn for real" list for me. It looks like a great tool. Thanks, it looks amazing! :). I interpreted this as "quieter than ". Also, I treat statements like "It's three times quieter." as completely worthless. "Quieter" is a relative term, and one has to be quieter than something for the statement to make sense. I've been trying to do Literate Programming in one project and somehow I can't stop feeling like this is a big time sink (writing down all this prose) that ultimately makes programs harder to understand (single code module can be spread across half of the file) and harder to modify (when you change one part, you have to look through half of your prose to check if there is something to be removed/rephrased). I don't know, maybe I'm doing it wrong? I'm thinking, your comment probably will change my life in some way. I've been following HN for almost two years and I can see how the content and discussions shaped me into a different person. Looking at the MIT Tech Review, I get the feeling the same will happen. Anyway, thanks for your comment and pointing me to MIT Tech Review. I guess he meant that "strong AI" is you and me. I think people need to use their willpower and intelligence to automate boring stuff out of existence. A really nice infographic. I like the design, especially the Facebook logo progressbar (near the bottom, "70% of Facebook users..."). "just a few hours ago, I read a comment by someone who works at Facebook, observing that most people there also maintain a separate LinkedIn profile because they want to keep their personal and professional lives separate." Given how easy is to track down someones' Facebook profile given his LinkedIn profile (and the other way around), I see no sense in this reasoning. Different "profiles", accounts, blogs, etc. form a kind of graph - they are usually connected one to another (often the connection is by google'ing up something) and it's really hard to keep them disjoint without special effort. It's easy to find someone's Facebook account from LinkedIn name, then google up his blog via e-mail address he shared on Facebook, then google up something else via the nick-name found on that blog, etc. The question always is, if someone cares to do that. Right, I see how it makes sense in terms of filtering relevant information. Thanks. Thanks for sharing the problem here. I've just signed up and was wondering why I haven't received the e-mail. > People struggling to succeed are all the same. What does "to succeed" mean anyway? I was always wondering, and don't really know to this day. Poor hardware. http://www.stuartcheshire.org/rants/Latency.html This, plus the common wisdom (I hear it repeated all the time) that alcohol kills neurons, leads to interesting conclusions :). If wealth is what people want to give you money for, you should be able to get rich by helping people. > I think computers and the internet are proof enough that math is essential to everyday life. I think that they are not enough. Computers are something you buy, not build. The Internet is something you pay for, like TV, or buses, or school, or whatever. The point is that you, personally, don't need any math knowledge to have and/or use them. Like OP-1 said, we need examples that have a clear use of maths in it. Sometimes I try to convince people I know that math, physics and the stuff is important. But I'm running short of real use-case arguments - not the "you'll get better job" ones. And that's the primary reason I don't even think of using Docs for anything except on-line surveys - I often work offline, and I need local files. One drawback I can think of is that you loose the "permanent paths" to files in some cases. If you start twiddling with relationships between tags, I can imagine how many paths previously stored in software will get broken. I can also imagine 'identity problems'. Not counting symlinks and hardlinks, the full file path serves as its URI. How can I be sure if /photos/europe/DSCN0001.JPG and /photos/london/DSCN0001.JPG are the same files? What's the file URI here? I want to have my tasks off-line, because I don't trust the Cloud, and I know that for 50% of my day (not counting sleep time) I won't have Internet access. I want my data to be accessible in a raw format, so that when I get bored with one application I can easily migrate to another. I want my data to be mine . I personally like Emacs Org Mode and I use Dropbox to synchronise tasks between computer. It's much more powerful than most TODO/GTD apps I've seen, it doesn't really break your workflow (as a developer, I spend a lot of time in Emacs anyway), it just works and I have full power of a decent text editor embedded in it. That means keyboard macros, incremental search, copy-paste, etc. Some TODO apps, especially web ones, end up in rewriting the capabilities of a text editor, without success. Reminds me of Greenspun's 10th Rule, but applied to Emacs instead of Common Lisp. For example, WorkFlowy has this amazing look&feel, it's beautiful, simple, functional, but I get angry as soon as I try to write something, because it lacks lots of the basic components of a Windows 'text field' box and also has weird (Mac?) shortcuts that interfere with my text writing habits (the "typical ones", not the "Emacs ones"). At least that was last time I checked (few months ago). Some of them are, and that's why I avoid webapps when I have a decent native alternatives. I often spend more than 50% of my day without Internet connection. Also, I think that small web companies that disappear after a year or two are not that uncommon. I've been using a completely paper-based GTD system for a year or so, mostly because I haven't known any really convenient native app for task management. I switched to Org Mode later, but I don't think there was any paper fault in this - it's just that my GTD schemes always collapse after 6 to 12 months and I have to start from scratch. So then I sometimes switch tools. One disadvantage of paper-based scheme (at least the one I've used) that I know is that it can get noisy when you have lots of tasks finished. It's harder to find an active TODO item between 20 or so crossed out DONEs on a page. You can make yourself a HipsterPDA. Or just have a plain notepad. Having that with yourself is also beneficial for capturing ideas. The only thing that beats paper here, for me, is a one-or-two-clicks voice note recorder in your phone. Or if you go everywhere with a backpack, you can carry a thin paper binder with your task list with you. I've once used to do both binder and HipsterPDA at the same time. //EDIT > I use taskwarrior. It's CL and kicks ass. http://taskwarrior.org I thought by 'CL' you mean 'Common Lisp' and went straight to downloading the application source. It's not Lisp, it's 'Command Line' :(. Anyway, the app looks really nice. For me it was more a matter of personal curiosity, since you don't really see much Lisp applications around. I also find it interesting. "Software as social commentary" - this single expression gives me a lot of though-food to think about. I think this topic should be explored further. Thanks :). I remember one game that did, by mere coincidence, serve as a social commentary - Volcanic Airlines ( http://www.miniclip.com/games/volcanic-airways/en/ ). I believe was released just after April 2010 eruption of Eyjafjallajökull. It got an interesting reception here in Poland. Not long before, the president of Poland along with many other people died in a plane crash. An official funeral was held, and many heads of states from all around the world announced that they will be arriving to Poland. Many of them later canceled their visits because of the ash cloud. However, the president of Georgia, M. Saakaszwili, arrived late, taking the trip through five different countries to get to the funeral. It made a great impression on people in Poland, and one of the effects was that the video game I mentioned before, the "Volcanic Airlines", was circulating around the polish Internet labeled as "Saakaszwili flies to Poland", or something similar. Sounds like a negative feedback loop, it should stabilize at some point. The thing is, it might not stabilize where the person on diet would wish it to. :). I was reading a story by Dukaj - The Cathedral - yesterday, that featured fields of plants that were doing computations :). Agreed. I see lots of people arguing that statistics is a lie, a bad thing, a tool of evil, etc. Statistics is a tool - just like English language. I don't see people condemning English as a tool of evil because you can lie in it. From my (little) experience and reading I've done so far, if I had to sum up what 'agile' is, I'd say: 'feedback'. I'm not surprised that 'waterfall' methodologies fail - they seem to have little to no feedback built in. And for what I remember from Control Theory course, feedback is essential to control a system we don't have full knowledge about. I do believe that it's a more general principle than just about differential equations and integration. Invite the Copenhagen Suborbitals guys! :). A beautiful poem. Also, GEB is a great book. The thing I remember was almost always missing in the education process I went through right up to the university was the big picture . A brief summary, a TL;DR, an idea, an answer to questions like "what does it mean?" or "why should I care?". My experience with education is that for most of the time, we are being taught 'the form', not 'the contents'. It was after I've watched SICP video lectures that I finally understood many computer science concepts that I was being taught (read: forced to memorize for the exam) at university and even in high school. I strongly believe in what Einstein said: "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." If Khan can summarize almost entire XX century into a 15-minute talk while staying correct with the facts, then that's great. It's what we call a 'high level overview'. It might be not sufficient, but it's a good start, as it constructs a skeleton which makes the details stick easier in our brains. It's not about "you understand" xor "you don't understand". It's about level of detail. The idea of 'overview' I have in mind is similar to how mipmapping and LOD works in video games/computer graphics. For example. Also during dinners at family table, chit-chats, watching TV news, reading newspapers, magazines, visiting museums, etc. Thanks for the link to "Cornell notes". I don't think we should assume that learner has any responsibility in educational process - at least not when talking about kids. Keep in mind that from their perspective it looks more like them being locked up in classroom against his will, and it's only up to school to try not to kill his interest in the world around him. I agree that if a learner cares enough to actually think about what was told on the lecture - to come up with his own understanding, to summarize on his own, etc. he will benefit greatly. One can't really understand anything without doing some mental work on his own. If we talk about mature learners, than yes - they have a big responsibility in the educational process and they take it (sometimes in spite, not because of their tutor). But still, we can help them by conveying our ideas well. And it is especially important when dealing with children, as they don't give a damn about anything until proven interesting. It's actually quite understandable. Because, well, why should they care? > Nope, shitty hardware never works. Linux just hides that from you less than Windows. And that's the thing that Windows actually gets right. A typical user doesn't know nor care about OS-hardware compatibility. He/she buys a printer and wants it to work. It is up to OS to make this happen. Technical question: you want to emphasize the em-ed text or the plain text? I'm not sure, because it seems to me that the text you left unformatted is more relevant in this context that em-ed one. Edit: thx :). Until you find laws that can be formulated in your formal system, but cannot be proven - say hello to Gödel incompleteness theorems :). (also, I love when discussions go meta :)) Worst case O(\inf), it's known as 'random sort' or 'bogosort'. Funny thing, it can theoretically be O(1) on quantum computers, assuming the multiple-universe interpretation of quantum mechanics: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bogosort#Quantum_bogosort ;). Reminds me of "ListBox sort" story I heard once; it was about a programmer who, wanting to sort strings and not knowing how to do this, put strings into a hidden ListBox GUI control and then read them back in sorted order. Unfortunately, I've never seen "vote with your wallet" concept work[1], neither in the Internet, nor in real life. When a company misbehaves, there's usually a big group of their customers which doesn't know about it, and another (maybe little smaller) group, that doesn't care at all (or enough[2]). It's an interesting issue I have no idea how to fix... [1] - if you know any examples, I'd be glad to hear them. [2] - "Maybe this company is bad, but hell, the competition is 10 minutes further walking from me...", etc. The link that Dove gave suggests there's an idea of quantum randomization that will split our universe into n! universes in constant time. Thank you for the example. Still, it seems to have taken a lot of convincing of people and companies before it started to work. I have one, but I was thinking about creating a second one for the strong AI I dream to create, after I create it :). Great idea :). Labels on horizontal axis need fixing though (eg. 6-10, not 6). Maybe it's about filters that create a bubble of Internet space for you, that contain only the things you like and nothing else? I think the image they use as a logo and used on TED talk is a pretty good visual analogy. Well, in the TED talk there was example of two queries about Egypt made at the same time from different locations, and the first results page from one was completely missing information about unrests that were going on at that time. It's a little bit scary to me. It seems to be a common mistake that non-native speakers make. For instance, I myself have just recently learned (thank you HN!) the difference between i.e. and e.g. (somehow I always thought that i.e. == for example ), and since then corrected some friends in that matter. > Cheap lenses (like most cellphones) have low apertures, and don't really need to focus. Some companies seem to follow this idea and then, surprise surprise, barcode scanning app doesn't really work on my phone because someone decided not to install AF with the camera :/. Combine it with 3D glasses and maybe, just maybe, 3D movies will become bearable to watch. > This is what you get when you act ignorant or plain lazy. Or, in general case[1], when 'industry standard' tools are PITA to use. Simpler solutions are always preferred, for better or worse. [1] I'm not defending here the person that caused the SoSasta breach. EDIT: Formatting. Regarding comments about Web IDEs replacing Emacs, I don't see how this could happen with current editing capabilities of those IDEs. While they might be better at storing your sources safely, their editing capabilities just suck compared to Emacs or Vim. Working with code isn't only about entering text. "I find it depressing that your comment was down-voted by at least two people — two people who, by virtue of their karma, are supposed to somehow have an understanding of what a productive comment is and what it isn't." Am I missing something, or how can one possibly see a list of downvoters for a given comment? Thanks :). I've (mistakenly) assumed that you need to see the list of downvoters to make a statement such as edw's, whereas I now see how, having information you and edw provided, you can just infer this statement. A lesson to learn for me here :). Deleted :(. "Are you taking advantage of living in the era of infinite computing power? Have you set aside fixations with low-level performance? Have you put your own productivity ahead of vague concerns with optimization?" Many people do, and here I am, with a crappy Android phone I wish I hadn't got. A phone that can hang up for a minute or two when you want to access your text messages. Posting a Facebook update takes 10 minutes. Everything is unreliable and can crash for random reasons. My old, very low-level SE K800i had a much better user experience. Maybe computing power is infinite, if your application lives alone on your computer. And you'll also use up much more processing power to render CSS icons than to render a plain PNG ;). Indeed it is. Data point: until this discussion I too believed that capacitive buttons are much more expensive and much more "high-tech" than physical buttons. Probably he/she isn't. I personally don't upvote comments that I do not understand. Wow. That looks legitimate. we are requiring every Jobs account holder to change their password within the next 48 hours. Failure to change your password will result in your account being permanently locked out. That's the bit that got me thinking, but more on the lines of "WTF?!" than recognizing this as a phishing attempt. We're getting uncomfortably close to the 'meta' threshold of those ideas... Seeing that I am thinking more and more about creating a personal "never ever work with those people/companies" database... I like this idea. Could be useful when doing some fuzzy computations. EDIT According to the comment by walrus down the thread ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2741580 ), we should upgrade this system to use three numbers :). They did it! Congratulations to Atlantis crew, NASA, and everyone involved. Maybe the Space Shuttle program wasn't exactly cost-effective and had it failures, but it sure sparked imagination of many, me included. He probably meant "giga". Things like kUSD or M$ appear to have come from science - it's putting an SI prefix to a unit. Personally, when I write M$, I mean one megadollar, not 1 milion dollars. You don't write M$ or G$ to general public at all. In this case it is, but it isn't in others (like kUSD or G$). Oh, I always thought that you write a numeral before the dollar sign... Thanks for pointing that out. It differs between currencies - for example, british pounds are written before numeral (£42), but polish złoty are written after (42zł). "sounds good" might be a part of a product "being good". I believe humans care not only about practical aspects, but emotions and broadly understood "user experience" as well - no matter how hard they try not to admit that. Last week I was visiting an optician to get a new pair of glasses and I was thinking if some of the measurements he made could be made with smartphones instead of expensive equipment. I'm happy to see that this is indeed possible and is already happening. It's always great to hear about such inventions that can make people's lives life better. Same here, in UK :(. I hate the idea of restricting media content to geographical regions. You're very right and I tend to do the same things as you described. I guess the only effective solution is to trust the knowledge one learns from authorities and stay vigilant to spot when things stop making sense or start breaking down. It is then, when it's possible to find who in this ladder of authorities was wrong, and know how to correct the error. I love when Google does things like that. There's an unique opportunity today to leverage modern technology to actually help people in their troubles. It might be a way of marketing, but whatever popularity they gain by it, I believe it's deserved. b) Unless it's subconscious, I disagree. I procrastinated my way through the high school and at this age I had zero fear for my life or competition with anybody. Things do change when one gets older, but at that point I didn't cared about being outcompeted by others (actually, right now, I don't really care that much either). c) Sometimes forcing us to focus on a single task is beneficial. Multitasking is usually bad for productivity, at least from what I've seen so far both in my life and on discussions at HN. > the kind that’s telling you that what you’re supposed to be doing has, deep down, no real point . I feel this description feels much closer to my problems with procrastination than the idea from the article. There's something in that concept. I sometimes don't do things people request immediately, knowing that they most likely don't really need it. Then either they repeat the request (forcing the computation ;)) or (more often) realize it was superfluous. http://hcpoca.co.uk/images/House-boat-on-River-Murray.jpg - On Windows: the Appearance panel now includes a checkbox to allow the selection of non-fixed-width fonts(...) Thanks to Randall Munroe for a serious suggestion that inspired this. This Randall Munroe? I guess the word "serious" is not by accident there :D. Because it is fun, thought-provoking a little bit, and just made me smile :). It doesn't have to be a fancy CSS hack. It has to look nice. And it does. Simplest solutions are often good enough :). Just pointed my boss - "Use this if something goes wrong". ;). EDIT: And she replied that "everything is now OK" :). Yey, it works! I don't see a problem with that. It's completely unobtrusive and doesn't distract at all. I spotted it by accident. I don't thing they're raising money, they're just allowing people who want to to show appreciation for their work. I believe in creative thoughts which not harm, but which do something good, even if it's just making someone smile. And I definitely want them to flourish. Art is, of course, one of the types of those creative thoughts. Story behind this song is amazing and inspiring. Thank you for linking to that :). While I think that the video would use a change in voice-over (something more clear and more emotional), there was something touching that moved me near the end and made me think about people and simple, day-to-day life. Maybe it's the sountrack. Anyway, well done :). You're not the only one. I don't really like web applications too. It is irrational of me, but I really feel better about desktop, on-line software. I think I don't really trust "the Internet" and "the Cloud", and would like my computer to be usable even after the whole networking infrastructure burns down. Yes, you have. That's why I said it's a bit irrational for me. I can't shake off the feeling that the whole Internet will go down one day, even though it's more likely that a car will hit me twice before. Maybe it's because I'm looking for solutions that will last for long years, not the apps that I have to change every three or so months. I guess this is not possible nowdays. Just got my mind blown for the rest of the day... Anyway, I'm reading it over and over again, and I'm still not sure if I understand this well. Can someone confirm that, and elaborate on that a little bit? And I also didn't realize that we've gone so far with "traditional" cloaking devices. I thought we're still at microwave and near-infrared level. EDIT. Abstract of the original paper makes this a little bit easier to understand for me. EDIT 2. And here we have: - http://www.technologyreview.com/blog/arxiv/23519/ - illusion cloak - http://arxivblog.com/?p=698 - cloaking at a distance http://arxiv.org/PS_cache/arxiv/pdf/1107/1107.2062v1.pdf - link to the original paper. Our imagination expands as our possibilities become greater. Also, there is the 3rd Clarke's law, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic". Sci-fi can easily get into the realm of fantasy (I've already seen a scientifically explained napalm-breathing dragons in 21st century Earth on TV) and vice versa (I've read a story about designing and building spaceships by stacking many layers of different magic onto a wooden ark). The really interesting thing that sci-fi can give us is this: assume that in described world, a selected type of "magic" is possible (handwaving it into a scientificly-sound concept for the sake of the reading experience) and extrapolate the consequences. What can be done with it, and - more important - how will people behave, how will it transform the society. Orson Scott Card did something like this with the Internet in "Ender's Game". I liked Vernor Vinge's "A Fire Upon a Deep". This book is a goldmine of interesting concepts about alien species and their civilisations, completely different from "standard TV aliens". Also "The Trigger" by Arthur C. Clarke - it's a book about how an accidental discovery causes technological change, which transforms life of societies around the world. One of the best books I've ever read. I just finished reading the article via Instapaper on my Kindle. It's much nicer this way (sans photos). Similar problem here - eg. I once almost failed a course because I decided that writing a computer game for a Lisp competition is much more fun. I get A's in courses I care about, which is a suprising minority, and learn some of the rest while procrastinating, in completely different order than university would like. We might. Physicists were sure they know everything there is to know at least two times during the last two centuries. Sometimes (not necessarily in this case) #1 on HN. Being noticed in the right place at a right time may proove to be much better for one's life than a quick money boost. Which is sad, because in this case we have a security vulnerability and a bug at the same time, so how one expresses that in a web search depends only on one's current mindframe and set of associations. Eg. when I hear "Google security" I imagine guys with guns, not a place for bug reports. I think they would have said about it already ;). It's not overengineering, it's greenspuning[1] around the expressiveness limitations of the langage to make the code flexible. [1] - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenspuns_Tenth_Rule This article has just brought back to life my child faith that space hides lots of amaing surprises for us. Thank you :). Nice one :). Good tool to add a little randomness into life - several months is enough time to forget about all the messages one sent to one's friends. And then, one day, somebody gets the message and replies... :). I do visit 'new' section to see if there's something worthwhile and upvote accordingly, but only if I'm procrastinating so badly that I've read everything even remotely interesting on the main page and started to see submissions I've read two days before. > "It’s a lot like an English essay. You start with a prompt, and then you talk about the prompt for a few pages and at the end of it all you wrqite your conclusion and you realize that the entire essay has nothing to do with the prompt." > I have never had this happen. Me neither, but it's because when I was writing school "essays" I had the conclusion in my head from the very beginning and I navigated it to a predetermined goal. It works for school tasks, but it's really missing the point of an essay (as pg nicely wrote about in http://paulgraham.com/essay.html ). I agree wholeheartedly. I'm always happy when I see people who care about the value they provide, and not only about the money they get. For those people I'm happily overgenerous with my money and time. What sci-fi are they might be referring to? I don't remember seeing transparent batteries on Star Trek... The author should rewrite it as a Crab Canon. I expected to see Economic Wars soon[1], but so far it seems we're getting Patent War. Anyway, is getting interesting. [1] - yes, I've just read "Black Oceans" by Dukaj ;). > several channels used at once such as visual audio increases info percentage retained more so when skills re-used I'm not sure if you're refering here to the so-called "cone of learning" ("we remember 10% of what we read, 20% of what we hear, ..."), but if so, then from what I know this idea was debunked; it turns out to be a multiple-level iterative misinterpretation of a research paper on a completely different topic. I wrote about it some time ago; sorry for Google Translate, but I currently blog in Polish only: http://translate.google.com/translate?js=n&prev=_t&h... //EDIT: More details: http://www.willatworklearning.com/2006/05/people_remember.ht... Oh. My. God. I really believed they're doing their best to help EJ. I trusted in that. Yes, I liked AirBNB to the point of talking about it with friends and pretty much advertising it all around as a great idea and a great company - just because I liked them. They looked trustworthy and like a really nice company. If what EJ wrote is accurate[1], then I find the way they handle this situation outraging. It hurts my feelings and right now completely destroyed my trust in AirBNB. If they won't fix it soon and start behaving like a real human beings, theny I'm no longer caring about them, and will advice my friends against them. [1] - I try to not jump into conclusions too fast. Hmm? http://ejroundtheworld.blogspot.com/2011/07/airbnb-nightmare... (Discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2820615 ) I do. That's the old story. They haven't seen yet the newest post. When they will have, all hell will break loose for AirBNB. Because it's obviously stupid and it has been proven many, many times that the result is exactly the opposite of intended. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect . > Please tell me who she owes this responsibility to? To the people, if she cares about public opinion. > That is because people will align with your story and your interests if they consider you to be the party that is speaking the truth. This summarizes it all. Quoting from comment thread at TPB: "hey, I was just looking at file 23223140 003.pdf and it looks like someone is getting WAY over billed on the materials. is it just me or are they charging $500 for a $30 wrench?" I personally didn't know that such technology exists. Thank you for that comment. Offline capability is a great feature. The main reason I tend to not use web applications and prefer desktop ones is because webapps usually require having Internet connection available all the time. Also, looks really nice :). HackerNews is written in Lisp, not PHP. :). Not exactly. But really worth to learn and will help you program in PHP better :). This is HTML, and yet this is Lisp. That's an example of Lisp powers in use. Nothing about recursion? :(. "Gödel, Escher, Bach" has some nice stories about it. But the problem is that this feedback turns into a 'grade-based economy', where your value in the eyes of peers and parents becomes determined by the grades you get. Another anecdote: instead of doing math homeworks and paying 100% attention to the classes I started to learn programming, because I wanted to make games. I could program stuff at 13, and - thought having bad math grades ever since - learned the material I missed later, in a way that was more/less related to game development or my other needs.