Google today admitted to the BBC that "hundreds of the world's best engineers" were indeed out of touch: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/8517613.stm Enron. In the early 80's, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. The method was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. In an early 80s programming article, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. (He referenced the idea again in his recent book Prey.) His BASIC implementation was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. I hate the idea of Flash on an HTML5 appliance, but the article and (as of 10 AM ET) the other posts in this thread miss one obvious way of supporting this with no extra buttons/toggles and no double clicks, click-hold-clicks, or other unusual behaviors. If a user touches a Flash zone, show a cursor, and have the cursor moved by the iPhone's accelerometer. Tap to click. For elements such as the video player example, the cursor (just as on PC) can fade after time, and a tap or shake would re-show it. For most of the scenarios he mentions, using accelerometer to drive a hovered cursor would be a particularly intuitive solution. Sorry, false. We used this in 2003 for commercial purposes, as a way for Site B to verify the user had used Site A without setting a cookie. http://lastpass.com/ Gruber, almost alone in a sea of reporting, manages to mention Apple's action here may be related to Nokia's patent suit against Apple. So rewind a bit, to put this in context: - Apple accuses HTC of iPhone tech theft (2 March 2010) - Kodak prompts ITC to consider iPhone ban (18 February 2010) - Motorola seeks ban on US BlackBerries (26 January 2010) - Nokia sues Apple, says iPhone infringes ten patents (22 October 2009) One test for patents' validity is whether the company is enforcing them. With Kodak, Sony, Nokia, Motorola, RIM, and others suing one another as a business-as-usual step in licensing negotiations, the value of Apple's defensive patent portfolio at the licensing negotiation table depends in part on Apple's perceived willingness to stand behind the validity of their portfolio and enforce their patents. I'd suppose this is a signal to the marketplace not that competitors should create their own original technology, but that if they want to copy, they should license or trade. Sorry, I should have clarified that. I almost mentioned trademark law to compare and contrast. No, you don't lose the patent by not enforcing it. But you can lose the value of the patent both at the negotiating table and in the courts if there's a belief you won't enforce it or a belief you suspect it's unenforceable (e.g., if you seem to worry by using it aggressively, you could have it challenged, and lose it). First, as alluded to in the article, note the word "need": > "Perhaps it’s a by-product of the suit Apple is engaged in against (and initiated by) Nokia. Apple’s counter-suit against Nokia involves some of the same patents at play here, and perhaps Apple’s lawyers have concluded that they need to enforce them against someone like HTC in order to use them in their counter-suit against Nokia." Second, to quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "But neglecting stick licensing has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... When Nokia says Apple can't use GSM, or Kodak says Apple can't use picture previews, you just want them to withdraw those too? When they don't withdraw, will you just set your Mac and iPhone on a shelf till their patents expire, or would you rather have Apple jack up the price to cover licensing, or would you rather have Apple defend the products you've paid for? I don't see this as Apple's "first strike since Apple v. Microsoft". The handheld market went nuts and Apple's been dragged into an existing fray. Cross licensing among competitors has become a kind of CC hedging. Notice that the cross licensing spats involve companies with devices not software, explaining HTC and not Google. This handheld food fight has been going on a while. Apple got a few mashed potato splats to the face. It finally stood up and popped a tomato at HTC, and the rest of the kids realize it's standing there, now just a little ticked off, tossing a plump juicy red Roma in its throwing hand, with a whole pile more on the table. Asking for an injunction is saying Apple can't use Nokia's claimed technologies: http://stadium.weblogsinc.com/engadget/files/Nokia_Apple_III... Arguably, Apple's not a maker of GSM devices. "Apple bought the chips and components that use the patented technology from a licensed supplier. Nokia doesn't get to double-dip and be paid twice if Apple's suppliers have a license to use Nokia's patents and Cupertino's just buying phone components without dictating design." http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... Anyway, "suing to make Apple pay up like everyone else" seems again about wanting to hedge against Apple's disproportionate profitability per unit. --- More context on Nokia's claims that Apple is using the technology in seven patents--related to user interface, digital cameras, antennas, and power management, and to create "key features" in its products--here: http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2009/12/nokia-hurls-new-sa... http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2010/01/nokia-adds-additio... More on why Nokia started the fight, here: http://www.roughlydrafted.com/2009/10/22/why-nokia-is-suing-... Counter argument (it's actually not sour grapes, it's just very complicated) here: http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... > "No injunctions..." That's flat wrong. Nokia suit wasn't simply for past due royalties, and Nokia also asked for an injunction across a range of products, not just GSM. In their suit, every count says "unless enjoined by the Court" Apple will continue to infringe, and in Prayer for Relief, seeks a "permanent injunction" against "Apple's iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPod Classic, iMac, Mac Pro, Mac Mini, MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air." (I'm disappointed they forgot the Apple TV.) http://stadium.weblogsinc.com/engadget/files/Nokia_Apple_III... Nothing "standard" about the royalties in question in Nokia v. Apple: http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... Enforcement affects perception of validity and enforceability which can matter both at negotiation and court. To quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "Neglecting stick licensing [enforcement] has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... 1) First, there is already a better "browser" for Kindle: http://www.instapaper.com/extras Anything that you'd want to take time to read, bookmarklet it, and each day or week Instapaper compiles a wrapup for you, reformatted to be readable on the Kindle. (Something like "Readability", but delivered wirelessly to the Kindle for reading at leisure.) Instapaper has a live reformatting engine you can use on the fly for more readable browsing as well. This WebMonkey link, for example: http://www.instapaper.com/m?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webmonkey.com... Amazon should consider acquiring Instapaper, associating themselves with making things easier to read. 2) Second, Amazon should be fixing other usability issues with the Kindle, starting with organizing books and documents in something other than a flat list. At the very least, group books by author sorted by original publication date, so it's easier to read through a series of books by a prolific author. And do this intelligently, so Patterson's co-authored books still show under Patterson. For example, Patterson's Women's Murder Club series, by various authors, actually follow a narrative arc across books, so should be read in order. The titles have numbers, so this one is easy. Other series are not as easy. Anyone that's ever logged into their control panel knows the control panel can show you your password with a button click. If you're a Rackspace customer, you trust them run your network fabric and your hardware. They don't need your password to see what you're doing, but you may as well trust them with that too. Speaking of trust -- if your machine password gives a Rackspace CSR access to your app's private data, you're just as guilty as you're accusing them of being. You're not storing your private data in the clear, are you? (As for why they might do this: Most users aren't sophisticated enough to use a password generator and manager, making "What's my password again?" a common support question. Providing the "Show me my password" function in the web control panel means a CSR doesn't have a job reason to look at it. And even if they do, cloud customers already trust Rackspace support with the reboot switch, and for that matter, with the "delete this whole image and all its backups" button.) The teens in the local chain bookstore appear to be doing homework. It's the new library. > no misspellings. odd. proper use of punctuation. strange. I'd say the writer fails the Turing test That's depressing. Meanwhile, "[space]-[space]" rather than "--" for "—" is idiosyncratic, and since HN preserves original spaces in comments, ".[space]" rather than ".[space][space]" rules a few more of us out. Looks like badly formatted blog spam taken word-for-word from: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/04/14/microsoft_vc-1_codec... The phrase "let's see if they're right" implies a reward, but none is apparent. Voters need to feel they're achieving some progress towards a goal, visibly refining a dataset (zeroing in), or learning something, other than just the cheery counter at top right. Otherwise you're essentially measuring how many altruistic clicks till a person gathers they won't personally benefit from clicking more. The Fox News trope in the opening line sets the tone that this is not journalism, but an opinion piece. > "To date there have been security concerns and questions identified around mint.com." Journalism should avoid using "there have been" or "some say"; such phrases signal that what comes next will be an unattributed pot shot. The first attack is on the zip code requirement. "Presumably this means Mint.com ... will not be able to effectively send you email and text alerts." On the contrary, this FUD statement was preceded by an attributed statement from Mint: "Mint.com requires your Zip code ... to determine the time zone in order to send timely alerts." If you don't give them the right time zone, your alerts will be no less effective, you just might find them more inconveniently timed. As for the more complex assertion about categorization, that's because business names are local. A business named "Scissors" might be a tailor in my zip, and a salon in yours. Of course it will be hard to correctly categorize when the locale is unknown. Interestingly, when I reached the end of the article, I saw this reason was clearly provided by the employee, but not mentioned in the article. Mint wrote that the ZIP "allows the Service to provide you with accurate automated categorization of your spending by improving our ability to identify merchants both nationally and locally." I use these as labels to auto-file registrations in Gmail, and I've seen a few anti-patterns: 1. Reject at data entry even though they make me type it twice and they're going to do a round-trip click-to-verify. Too many to name fail this way. 2. Accept at data entry, convert it to a space (+ on URL means space). Pray that the login routine accepts an email address with a space (it probably won't). Tirerack fails this way. 3. Accept at data entry, then fail to create the account in other internal systems. Allow login using the +, but once logged in, data from internal systems is unavailable, and the portal errors in unusual ways. VMWare fails this way. Failing using anti-pattern 1 is preferable to pattern 2 (replace with space then fail login) or 3 (accept and allow login but fail to interoperate with other systems internally). After 45+ emails and calls about anti-pattern 3 over 18 months, VMWare still hasn't successfully delivered a VMWare license to me. By now they're on version 3 (a free upgrade if v2 was bought recently) but still haven't delivered me version 2 or 3. Next email, perhaps I should send them raganwald's article. // EDIT: Added Tirerack. Conceivably, if asked as a science question: "How many fingers does a gorilla have on each hand?" One might hear, in English, "Four fingers and a thumb." Otherwise, as a native English speaker, when asked "How many figures do you have?" I'm answering "ten". Needs to be a web server you have enough control of to set caching headers for the files in question. If you have enough control of the web server hosting your site, blog, etc., that's fine. For iPhone it's dead simple to turn an HTML5 app into a native app to get into the app store (see Bank of America's banking app which is HTML versus Citibank's app which is native). There are even kits to help with that: http://www.tuaw.com/2009/05/27/nimblekit-native-iphone-apps-... The point of an HTML5 app is that (a) you can use DHTML+JS to develop it, and (b) you can bypass the app store to deliver it. In an ideal world, neither the content owner nor the neophyte end user should even have to know, while power users get choice. We've been quietly offering a player stack for months now: generally HTML5 > Silverlight > QT > Flash. Customers and viewers are delighted when the video plays on nearly anything w/o any extra effort. ("How'd you get this to work on my phone?!?") Looks like our next step is using the HTML5 video tag as a placeholder for progressive enhancement though a better term for this use might be legacy enhancement. We want it to "just work" for most users, but let power users select the player that works best on their system (eg., hardware decoding support). Choice of player should be at least as available as choice of video card for enthusiasts, and preferably as easy as choice of TV set for anyone. This isn't HTML5 marketing, and proprietary and open are not polar opposites. HTML5 offers a new "video" tag syntax that doesn't specify what file container (think .flv or .mp4) or codec (think VP6 or H.264) must be able to be played by that video tag. Flash Player, Windows Media Player, QuickTime Player, and the like, are multimedia playback technologies that can be embedded in a web page using an object or embed tag, each with its own complicated syntax the web browser can try to support. The HTML5 video tag is intended to replace that generic object embed syntax with something more rationally video-specific. Meanwhile, H.264 is a compression algorithm specification, like MPEG4, VC-1, or VP6. Flash Player used to decode and playback On2's proprietary VP6 codec, which only a couple vendors were licensed to support. That was not "open" at all. At present, Microsoft's IE9, Google's Chrome, and Apple's Safari play back H.264-encoded video through the video tag, and Adobe plays back H.264 encoded video in its recent Flash Players. These companies famously compete, yet all are supporting the same video compression specification, suggesting it's documented enough and licensed enough to freely support. Having to generate an Ogg file containing Theora encoded video to make the HTML5 video tag work across the major browsers is a throwback to the days of having to generate a RealMedia, Windows Media, and QuickTime file. Web video needs to pick a format so the whole ecosystem can optimize around it. A careful reading of your link seems to support parent's comment. It's a disinfographic. And where are books? Copy says "less than 5% of retail sales" is online, and graphic shows sectors all at 2% or under. What sectors bring the split back up to 5%? > S3 ... doesn't provide any kind of protection. S3 offers privacy protections with the ability to require an expiring token in the URL. The theory is the web site should authenticate a user, and only generate a valid token for that user (for a fuzzy definition of "that" user) that works only for a limited time. > The web has made producers of us all. Not even close, and the imbalance between creators of content and consumers of content on the web is growing every day. > If the iPad is just another consumer platform for consuming and not creating content, then it will just be another way to watch TV or listen to music or download information. Convenient, yes, but just another device. The iPad is not a TV or an iPod. It's already a two way device. > To be something different, the iPad must not be just a delivery platform but a creative one, offering professionals and amateurs an opportunity to create a unique experience with interactive media. The device isn't creative. A piano isn't creative. An iPad isn't creative. The iPhone has Ocarina, or Layers, or Everyday Looper, and so on. There's no reason to think the iPad won't run such apps, and better. More importantly, most people don't think of themselves as "creatives", but there is content they do want to create and share such as email and photos or Facebook statuses. The iPad makes that easier than ever. iPad lets anyone easily express themselves to their social circle. PS. Speaking as a former Hypercard programmer, seems to me something as simple as iWeb can meet casual "info app" creator needs, while HTML5 + Canvas feels like today's Hypercard on steroids: http://www.canvasdemos.com/ > There is nothing software-intensive about creating a book. The hard part is typing it in. (If you don't have a keyboard, that is.) What about dictation? "Even novelists, working in a form so very written, have needed to write by voice. Stendhal dictated “The Charterhouse of Parma” in seven weeks. An impoverished Dostoyevsky had just six weeks to deliver the manuscript of “The Gambler” or face complete ruin. He hired a stenographer, knocked the book out in four weeks, then married the girl." From "How to Speak a Book", http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/07/books/review/Powers2.t.htm... (I'm amazed by the accuracy of Dragon Dictation on the iPhone.) > I argue that we are all becoming content creators - the content isn't groundbreaking - it's just that some of us aren't reaching an audience because we're just saying "Hello, World". Enjoyed your comment. Perhaps we're saying the same thing: self-expression, democratized. What an apt username! I agree. I hope the iPad feels as accessible as finger painting, albeit less messy: http://michael.terretta.com/an-information-appliance-for-the... This was a curious piece to read, since so much of computing usability is about getting a device to meet the expectations within its users' mental model. The DropBox comment and Xmarks comment, the "my writing tools" comment, and the "two desktops" comment, suggest the author's mental model doesn't match the iPad's approach and that proved a stumbling block. But the author is Dave Winer, "the father of blogging and RSS", who knows a thing or two about how things work. So is the problem that his preconceptions are well informed and defined? "Don’t ask for help from others on how to solve a problem. Solve it yourself first then ask for opinions on your solution." If this means don't constantly pester the programmer in the next cubicle, I agree. If this means re-invent the wheel instead of searching for how the problem may have been solved in the past, I strongly disagree. In my experience, the "best" programmers are the ones most adept at searching for an existing solution. This appears to help them solve typical problems faster, and all the approaches they're exposed to while searching make them personally able to more quickly solve a broader array of problems than those who beat their heads against the wall till the wall bleeds a solution. As on Fox News, for every opinion one can find a counterpoint. This particular counterpoint does more damage than good in the age of TL;DR. I'd rather read the writings of 'an educated person who knows they feel vaguely anxious and insecure whenever they write "however" or "than me" or "was" or "which,"' than the incoherence of someone who thinks grammar is pointless. I often see this counterpoint cited, but never its conclusion about "the overopinionated and underinformed little book that put so many people in this unhappy state of grammatical angst. I've spent too much of my scholarly life studying English grammar in a serious way. English syntax is a deep and interesting subject. It is much too important to be reduced to a bunch of trivial don't-do-this prescriptions." There's Drivers' Ed, and then there's Skip Barber Racing School. That experts learn more doesn't mean novices should learn less. So far, the live blogging is sounding as though certain types of things will use Apple code to run those types of things in the background (eg., audio streaming, answering events, etc.). Hopefully this isn't going to allow apps to just run any random equivalent of a tight loop of their own (memory chewing CPU and battery consuming) design. I'd also like a reverse chronology notification history that pops up from tapping on the click. A better analogy, since even non-musicians can hear the difference, would be Apple banning from iTunes any General Midi 1.0 song covers recorded using Sound Blaster cards with FM/OPL-3 chips, but still allowing music from Kraftwerk to Imogen Heap. Apps--or music--made with limited construction kits tend towards sameness: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pablum (In that sense, both Ableton and GarageBand could be considered construction kits, so perhaps a better analogy would be if iTunes banned sequenced music, only allowing music musicians personally play?) Who writes the checks makes the rules, and ultimately, for apps, it's consumers that write the checks and consumers that benefit from this change. Consumers don't write Facebook's checks, companies like Offerpal do: http://www.businessinsider.com/offerpal-coincidentally-repla... So the differences between Apple's users' data policies and Facebook's become clearer. Meanwhile, to receive the money, obey the rules. It's simple. Jean-Louis Gassée (born March 1944 in Paris, France) was an executive at Apple Computer from 1981 to 1990. He is most famous for founding Be Inc., creators of the BeOS computer operating system. After leaving Be, he became Chairman of PalmSource, Inc. in November, 2004. > Just think about it on an airplane. I could load it up with movies and watch for an entire flight, thanks to the iPad's excellent battery life. Of course, because of the lousy keyboard I can't use it in place of a laptop, so I would have to carry the iPad and my MacBook. How is it that, for years, I've pined for a lighter laptop, and now I'm considering carrying an extra pound-and-a-half just to watch videos on an airplane? Or, don't. The iPad goes with you into the seat. Apple's wireless bluetooth keyboard goes in your carry-on, and stays there until the hotel room desk where you might actually do some typing. The rest of your business trip, the iPad lets you reference things, make minor edits, show Keynote on a VGA projector, and keep up with email and news. (And for printing at the client's location, you do the same thing with your iPad you do with your "real" laptop: email the client the file for them to print because their IT won't let your laptop see their printer queue.) After a careful reading of the article, Facebook shot down developers/apps with Facebook in the name or using the Facebook icon. I would assume this is in response to the horrifically bad "Facebook Ultimate" app that was top in social paid apps on iPad launch day: [1] http://www.allfacebook.com/2010/04/fake-ipad-facebook/ [2] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/facebook/7560417/Unoff... I'd read the reviews to see how the 7th highest app had a single star -- all were excoriating. But people saw the icon and name and clicked Buy in droves. Facebook did the right thing by putting a kibosh on it and any others that might come up with a search for Facebook or spotted with a Facebook "f" icon. Apple is one of the ones that takes that accountability seriously, monitors and requires compliance from its vendors: http://www.chinacsr.com/en/2009/07/17/5713-apple-admits-its-... Year after year stories like this appear, headlined, "OMG, Apple's bad labor practices", ignoring that unlike Martha Stewart et al., this labor news comes from Apple's own audits and public reports. At the time, e-commerce had only just become legal . Yes, the number in your headline isn't formatted in a way expected for a USD value. When seeing a figure like "$xxx,xx" it seems, to an American, that the ones digit must be missing ("$xxx,xxx"). The bobblehead congress app was rejected for ridicule of public figures as well ( http://blogs.zdnet.com/Apple/?p=5203 ) getting "Tom Richmond, of Mad Magazine fame" a lot of press. Deliberate or not, this is a good PR stunt for the cartoonists to get coverage. The fart apps guys did this too. The process (submit app in violation of guidelines, tip off press, enjoy web-wide mentions and increased linkage) is replicable. I'm partial to the GoldTouch keyboards: http://www.goldtouch.com/p-133-goldtouch-for-mac-adjustable-... Because they're close enough to the regular keyboards, while offering both the split (match natural forearm angle) and the tilt (match natural forearm rotation) to better align natural wrist position. I also like that they ditch the numeric keyboad, so I can put the Kensington ExpertMouse just to the right of the return key and not have to move my hand as far. Two documents with two hands in two languages. That's one doc, hand, and language per lobe. That anecdote fits in this article's model. Surprisingly? What, people thought it could only be used to run approved apps? "This sort of app should not have been rejected in the first place — shouldn’t even have been considered borderline. Resubmission and hoping for a different reviewer sometimes works in cases like this, but at this point, there’s no way for us to know whether Fiore is getting reconsidered only because of the publicity stink. It’s possible that it really is Apple’s policy to reject any app related to political satire. It’s also possible that it is not. That’s the core problem — that we don’t know." — http://daringfireball.net/linked/2010/04/16/fiore-resubmit When you say "format", do you mean file container or video codec? Most people mean codec. In that case, Flash (and Adobe) doesn't have a format to destroy. Meanwhile, Microsoft's work in this area over the past 13 years with the WMV family of codecs has been extraordinary, coaxing more quality from a given bitrate needing less CPU to play back than any other commercially viable codec. That's why WMV codecs work on so many consumer devices, even phones. VC1 is remarkably good, only just recently challenged by H.264 encoding's most recent optimizations. Meanwhile, if you meant file container, Microsoft's recent player technologies such as Silverlight support H.264 in .mp4 containers, as do recent Flash Player versions. With all Windows machines supporting .WMV container and VC-1 codec, Macs still shipping with a Windows Media Player or able to play it in any QT app using Flip4Mac, Linux players supporting it "out of the box", and both Sony PS3 and MSFT Xbox playing it, not to mention most every consumer device and set top box -- if you want to send someone a video that just works, then .WMV using WMV3 or VC1 has been a decent bet. Your newer best bet for sending a file is .mp4 with H.264/AAC, which is played by Flash Player 9 Update, Silverlight, QuickTime, VLC, etc., and more recent Windows systems. For embedding in the web, stats say Flash is your best bet, but those stats apply to VP6 codec which looks terrible and most people don't know how to play locally and doesn't work for HD. So your best bet for embedding is .MP4 with H.264/AAC with an HTML5 tag, and inside that tag a Silverlight player embed, and inside that tag a Flash player embed, and inside that a download link for the .mp4 file. "The purpose of the presentation is to show the coming bleeding edge features for modern desktop and mobile browsers." Except for mobile browsers without a right arrow key. Speaking of doubling the resolution cheaply, see Apple's "iFrame" format notes: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht3905 Apple likes 960 width x 540 height (see AppleTV), because it's easy to get to 1/4 1080p by dropping every other line and every other pixel, or to line double back up to 1080p from iFrame. Until a couple weeks ago, FoxIt Reader automatically ran executable programs embedded within a PDF document without asking for a user's permission. It was actually worse than Adobe Reader: http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9174612/Adobe_Foxit_e... http://www.downloadsquad.com/2010/03/31/using-foxit-because-... Make sure you're on 3.2.1.0401 or newer. Or, as you mention, switch to Sumatra: http://blog.kowalczyk.info/software/sumatrapdf/index.html On the Mac, help friends switch back to Preview as their default PDF reader after Adobe Reader hijacks doc mappings. Yes, blink was annoying even in 1979. His legal obligation in California is to turn it into the police, where it will be kept every bit as confidential as a Mel Gibson drunken tirade. Asking "Why were two completely different crime department cases in two completely different jurisdictions handled in two completely different ways?" is just glomming onto current news in an attempt to raise the profile of some other complaint. The complaint (her TRO should have been enforced) is valid, but has nothing to do with the handling of trade secrets investigation elsewhere in the country. I still want Lazlo Hollyfeld's closet. > The complaint is that if the law is the law then every case should be handled the exact same. If every case "should be handled the exact same", explain to the LAPD they don't need seven (7) divisions and could save tax dollars: http://www.lapdonline.org/detective_bureau - Vice Division - Juvenile Division - Commercial Crimes Division - Detective Support & Vice Division - Robbery Homicide Division - Force Investigation Division - Gang and Narcotics Division > unannounced seizure of a journalist's home and work computers So, buying stolen merchandise or trafficking in trade secrets is fine as long as you write a story about it? -- http://twitter.com/TheMacalope/status/12917912411 Quoting Gruber: Journalist shield laws are about journalists being able to protect sources who may have committed crimes. They’re not a license for journalists to commit crimes themselves. Gawker is making an argument that is beside the point. They’re arguing, “Hey, bloggers are journalists.” The state of California is arguing “Hey, you committed a felony.” http://www.businessinsider.com/henry-blodget-gizmodo-search-... Btw, quoting Gawker: "We may inadvertently commit journalism. That is not the institutional intention." From mine, HeyWay and AccuWeather use AdMob, while Instapaper Free uses "The Deck" Two examples of deliberately abusing this effect on a static subject (house and church) by pivoting the iphone while taking the shot: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3158/2421813332_3c36b3b808.jp... http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3187/2421813434_dbdc309901_b.... About Job's remark of hardware vs software decoding of video: In both cases, he's talking about H.264. An end user might not even realize there's a difference. But some encoders produce H.264 that can hardware decode, and some encoders do not. Not all H.264 is created equal, and this is one area that really matters. You want an H.264 encoder that produces hardware decoder compatible video. He did. In the very next sentence: > Apple has adopted HTML5, CSS and JavaScript – all open standards. Apple’s mobile devices all ship with high performance, low power implementations of these open standards. Not too many words there between 'JavaScript' and 'low power'. Out of curiosity, is your library on an external disk that sleeps? Mine was, and it seemed to hang while waiting for the disk to spin up. I moved it to an always on disk, and the hangs stopped. > I hope we can all agree that Apple has never really been an open standards company Show me this for Flash: http://trac.webkit.org/ Or this: http://www.opensource.apple.com/release/mac-os-x-1063/ And check out paragraph 2: http://webkit.org/projects/goals.html Fire up Chrome to check out how many re-implementations of WebKit are out there based on this open source and open standards base. > just a CTO with better things to do in his day than write press releases Like, make Flash work on a smartphone. 1. You didn't show the same thing for Flash. SWF spec in a PDF is not the same as the open source code hub for the web rendering engine used by Google, RIM, etc. 2. You didn't show the same thing for open source. OS X is arguably the family jewels. The equivalent for Adobe would be CS 5, not Tamarin or a Flex SDK. 3. You didn't show the same thing for the open source goals. That press release blurb and list of "partners" like Atlantic Records, Paramount and Lionsgate does not correlate to the paragraph promising to give WebKit back with BSD and LGPL style licensing, and listing corporate "industry leaders" sponsors is not the same as running a public chatroom and IRC channel for webkit. Don't fool yourself. All three, Microsoft, Apple, OSS, are there to do nothing else but survive in a Darwinian sense. The only way to be free of artificial restrictions is to be technology agnostic, to not subscribe to any one camp for religious reasons, and to simply use the right tool for the job. > "Apple's cloud will be federated" In a sense, it already is. A friend's Macbook Air SSD died. We plugged her Time Machine to a Mac Mini, restored into a new account, and she had "her" computer. Had been a day or two since her last backup, but MobileMe brought her latest appointments, contacts, and bookmarks back down from the ".Mac" cloud. She missed having the portable Air, so walked into a BestBuy, got an iPad, logged into MobileMe, and was immediately checking her half dozen email accounts along with, again, all her bookmarks, appointments, and contacts, because those settings were stored in the cloud. Plugged it to the account on the Mac Mini, and now had her 5GB of photos and 20GB of music. Three weeks later, Apple gave her a fixed Macbook Air. At boot it asked if she owned another Mac, and she plugged in her Time Machine drive. Slightly less than 9 minutes later, a reboot, and "her" Mac was back, again with every app and tweak. MobileMe sync ran, and by the time she opened her iCal, it was up to date. The hardware essentially didn't matter. "Her" settings, "her" data, were accessible to her across phone, tablet, other person's computer, and a replacement for her own computer, all with zero I.T. effort. Best part -- she didn't even notice this was remarkable. She just logged into the Macbook Air and started doing email, right at home, without a second thought. As for that little monolith? Maybe it's already here -- Time Capsule is an Airport Extreme with built in dual channel 802.11a/b/g/n and another guest WiFi DMZ, includes TimeMachine wireless backup, offers a USB printer hub, and gives remote access that also syncs to MobileMe (which stores documents and personalization in the cloud). It is not trivial for "a user" to change their browser. Watch this video: http://uxmag.com/short-news/these-are-your-users-read-and-be... No, his example referenced a little known fact about H.264, comparing hardware decodable H.264 versus non-hardware-decodable H.264. The iPhone isn't playing some other codec. H.264 can be encoded, using the same tools, in a way that can, or cannot, be hardware decoded. Consider the "definition" shared in the letter. Compare that definition to WebKit, then to Flash. VP6-encoded Flash video doesn't run on the iPhone, so that's not what he was referring to. I believe Jobs is talking about comparing two videos on the iPhone, with hardware accelerated video lasting 10 hours and non-accelerated video lasting 5 hours. You may not notice if you're not paying attention to battery while you watch video. To the sibling comment here, I'm not referring to profiles. I'm referring to the fact that various implementations of H.264 encoders produce content that, depending on the implementation, may or may not be accelerated by the iPhone's PowerVR SGX 535. One can produce a pair of H.264 encoded in .mp4 container movies, encoded from the same mpeg2ts original, one of which can use hardware acceleration, and the other of which cannot. (I haven't had the chance to check yet if Adobe's 'Gala' responds the same way to such files on the desktop Macs Gala supports.) > Flash works on my blackberry just fine, btw. Tell Adobe they could move their release date up then, since Adobe only promises to have Flash on your Blackberry later this year: http://www.blackberrycool.com/2010/02/03/adobe-on-the-verge-... http://crackberry.com/adobe-flash-now-arriving-blackberry-se... PS. Presume you meant Flash Lite, which is not the Flash discussed in the "Flash on iPhone" debate. Since Hurl.It isn't working, thought I'd mention a site I've been using for this for over a decade. Rex Swain's HTTP Viewer - See exactly what an HTTP request returns to your browser : http://www.rexswain.com/httpview.html on purpose by accident Does anyone have a reference for Amazon's percentage of physical book sales in the US? If you want to optimize, you're spending too long. Look into HIIT and machines that recruit higher percentage of muscle mass so your body can multitask. Versaclimber is a good one. So's Skier's Edge Big Mountain or Concept2 rower. ROM is overpriced and weird. You can get peak results--any more time yields diminishing returns--in 7 to 10 minutes three to five times a week: 3 mins warmup, 3 - 5 mins at max†, 1 minute cool down. Then walk it off and try not to throw up. Protein and creatine juice 30 mins before and protein shake 10 mins after doesn't hurt. † Footnote: Max means near your max heart rate. When you do HIIT right, you're going to feel like you want to die. Best to use Polar chest strap or other real time heart monitoring to track your zones so you can mentally coach yourself to stay in the peak zone. If you can't hit peak heart rate after just a couple cycles of 20s max 10s rest, your machine isn't recruiting enough or you're not exerting enough. He even gets them to ship ahead of schedule. If only he enjoyed Duke Nukem... > iPhone ... Crippled by AT&T's "broadband" network... Fast forward to the million iPads now sold in Apple's first month ... Relying on the same deadbeat broadband network, the iPad was one of the most over-hyped products ever launched. He thinks the first million were the 3G model? Most people I know who bought one WiFi, have bought more, also WiFi, for family members who scoffed, then tried, then wanted their own. (Granted, in greater NYC area, Time Warner, Comcast ("Xfinity"), and Cablevision ("Optimum") are collaborating to share WiFi hotspots. Your cable subscription gets you unlimited WiFi, and the hotspots are everywhere.) You don't just need a market. You need a business model. Facebook scale is not cheap. Facebook is innovating like crazy to figure out a business model that can pay for that scale. Received wisdom was that privacy was sacred. Received from early adopter tech geeks, that is. As Facebook matures, hundreds of millions of not-so-early adopters are revealing a different perspective: give them one stop social sharing that works for everyone they want to interact with, and they don't care. This offers Facebook new business opportunities to monetize at scale, and they're taking them. Although they're not a public company, they clearly do want to be profitable, with no qualms about "all your base are belong to us" in pursuit of that motive. You can't just build a Facebook circa 2006 clone. You have to build a Facebook circa 2006 clone that can pay for itself. Unfortunately, Gizmodo's letter to Apple doesn't say they paid for an exclusive. Gizmodo says they bought the iPhone: "We didn't know it was stolen when we bought it." A reasonable person would hand it to the proprietor of the premises. It became "stolen" when he walked out with it. I've gotten back lost items at the register of where I left them, or never gotten them back at all. This implies honest people turn things in, while dishonest people walk out with them. But look at the iPhone helicopter we just saw — why should I only be able to use an iPhone for that? Why can’t you do that with any phone? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to the web. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing people to write for a particular OS, which has a high cost to switch. What a silly argument. But look at the Quickbooks app we just saw. Why should I only be able to use Windows for that? Why can't you do that with any OS? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to personal computing. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing people to write for a particular OS, which has a high cost to switch. (Footnote: QB for Mac is not the same product or feature set.) But look at the SUV we just saw. Why should I only be able to use gasoline for that? Why can't you run that with any fuel? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to the open road. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing car buyers to buy SUVs for a particular fuel, which has a high cost to switch. Etc. This is the sort of thing markets decide. So you mean he's not giving them enough credit. To your point, perhaps flat rate encoding pricing is better for high volumes. Our flat rate transcoding pricing ( http://www.advection.net/pricing/transcoding-pricing ) is based on the idea of an encoding queue with bursting. Under the hood, it's a similar cloud approach, but more economical for those with volumes or steady encoding work. Customers--or their end users--can upload at any rate (volumes of upload sessions at once through gateways located around the country for low latency), or ship drives. The queues process at a steady predictable rate, delivering content directly to the network. In the course of processing countless libraries for clients, we've found they tend to have such unique ideas about the end result that a "one size fits all" web service often doesn't meet their needs out of the box. So, we also offer Windows Media (WMV), Silverlight (VC-1), Ogg Theora, and cross-player H.264 encoding, adaptive bitrate encoding for Apple devices, iPhone video rotation, automatic thumbnails, web postbacks so you don't have to poll, incoming files of up to 4.7GB in size, and arbitrarily complex encoding requirements. To your point about images + sound, for example, some clients supply metadata as XML, and using the metadata we generate pre-roll and post-roll video footage that stitches onto the transcoded video. (We also have a consumer service that bundles both encoding and storage into a single "per minute" price. Consumers shouldn't need to know about gigabytes.) > We feel pretty strongly that even someone doing 10M videos/month is better off using a service like ours rather than investing in a custom solution. But we're biased, of course. Speaking as a company that reluctantly made a decision to offer this for our customers when we couldn't find (a few years ago) an affordable volume solution to outsource, I agree with you completely. Given the rate of change and state of tools, running even an in-house encoding solution is likely to be a much bigger undertaking than expected. In-house IT staff would need to understand distributed computing, dynamic load based provisioning, web services software development, and somehow, blended with that, the black art of producing good looking video at low bitrates using minimal CPU time. Any one of these areas is a full discipline on its own. If I understand correctly, Posterous got funding, and is pushing this part out the door to Zencoder. That's a smart decision. Focus on what you do. The video industry needs more Zencoders and fewer people trying to do it in house. There are still far more backlogs of unencoded video than there are movies online. Agreed -- controls that reconfigure themselves disorient habitual users who begin to rely on spatial memory. Even the iPad's reflow of icons when rotated is mildly disorienting, even though each group stays on its own page. Ribbon bars and self-hiding menus do ok in focus groups for first time users because they haven't yet formed spatial memory around the task. Blur your eyes so you can't read text and you still know where the Edit menu is. You know where it is, so that's where it should be. Aside from the unanimous agreement in these comments that this is a horrible idea, I wish bloggers quit "loosing" themselves. > "I believe that it’s a healthy way of loosing control." Got a problem with incontinence? Keep it to yourself. Really? A while ago it would add itself back at render time even if the block is removed from your theme template. I think kyro's point is: if you're going to truncate a word, truncate following the initial letter, then you can't possibly form an undesired word. If you need to truncate the word, keep the initial letter, then use the "…" character (one char instead of 3). That lets you signify words as late as pos 24. At the risk of training people to wait. This one got better after they added snap to alignment in the latest version: http://www.ipadworkapps.com/2010/05/imockups-killer-wirefram... Agreed completely. An avid PC gamer, I suddenly, overnight, quit playing PC games after getting the Xbox 360. The gameplay experience was equivalent (the PC was plugged to the same projector), but the "hassle" factor went to zero on the Xbox 360. Reducing friction makes users into fans. In the article's examples, sounds like people wanting to accomplish simple goals, finding friction reduced when using the new appliance. How about, "Whose hardware? FCC lets Hollywood disable the jacks on 'your' TV equipment." (Not sure they're disabling "TV outputs" as Businessweek puts it, as most TV's don't have video out.) It's price comparable to Dropbox for storage, while adding features well integrated into Apple's apps and hardware. Assuming you pretend the web hosting bandwidth, email accounts, sync services, etc., are free and the only cost is storage, it works out to about $0.30/GB stored, already not bad for a consumer service. For me, instant and reliable multidirectional sync of any contact, calendar, and bookmarks data, across all my computers or mobile devices, is worth $8/month. I have "the same" though Google too, except it's not remotely the same. The contact sync is limited, calendar sync doesn't cut it either without a third party app like BusySync (which I use), IMAP isn't push for real time email, etc. Also, it's not free through Google, it's ad supported or $50 per year per user. Actually, depends what you pay. For example: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001AMLRU4 $69.42 / 20GB / 12 months = $0.29/GB Note: You can buy up to 100GB. "What does can't have MobileMe on my domain" mean? A number of folks I know use MobileMe to host websites for their domain and handle email for their domain. You do have to "bring your own" DNS. > DDG is an entire search engine coded by one dude in Perl. DDG FAQ: Q. How do you get your results? A. From many sources, including DuckDuckBot, crowd-sourced sites, BOSS & Bing. E.g., see http://developer.yahoo.com/search/boss/ ... BOSS (Build your Own Search Service) is Yahoo!'s open search web services platform. Developers, start-ups, and large Internet companies can use BOSS to build and launch web-scale search products that utilize the entire Yahoo! Search index. BOSS (Build your Own Search Service) is a truly open API with as few rules and limitations as possible. With BOSS, developers and start-ups now have the technology and infrastructure to build next generation search solutions that can compete head-to-head with the principals in the search industry. I think you're looking for this: http://devkick.com/lab/tripoli/sample.php?base=base&visu... http://devkick.com/lab/tripoli/ It's not just a reset, it's an attempt to be a "better browser default". Another sample, applied to an existing W3C page: http://devkick.com/lab/tripoli/selectors.php?base=base&v... "What we don't love is anybody taking away your freedom to choose what you create, how you create it, and what you experience on the web." Adobe, you are not the web. Your apps are not the web. And if anyone chooses to make a device that consumers can choose to use, they are free to not have your commercial software on it. Adobe, a few years ago you yourselves refused to release parts of your "Creative Suite" for the Mac. You refused to maintain feature parity across platforms. I was free to create how I liked, as long as I liked Windows. When you did that, my designer employees needed to switch their computers to Windows to offer certain features customers wanted. We resented you taking away our freedom, and we didn't forget. Adobe, today you are arguing to take away my freedom to use a device that doesn't include your commercial product, Flash. I chose that device because it supports installable HTML5 apps I can build with notepad. A child in Africa can build apps for my iPhone using a text terminal. I don't want that child to have to buy Creative Suite for a price measured in thousands of dollars. Adobe, you saying this is about freedom and choice is just like the recombinant bovine growth hormone (rBGH) milk producers arguing that their milk must be sold in organic markets. The organic market is free to not stock your milk, and I'm free to shop at a market that makes that choice. Anyone who disagrees can shop at the many more markets, and buy the many more brands of milk, that agree with you. Adobe, stop dictating that to be free, I must choose Adobe. If I want to view Flash on my smartphone today, I can buy... Well, if I want to view Flash on my smartphone later this year, I'll buy an Android phone. I will have that freedom of choice. Adobe's handwaving is confusing people. Analysts report more Android phones are getting sold than iPhones. There is choice. Your remark fails to consider the Whole Foods Market example. Whole Foods should be free to manage their own brand and inventory. Nobody should force Whole Foods to offer milk made using rBGH, regardless of whether offering it means people have to buy it. They don't have to, that's my point. An HTML5 app is a set of text files with a manifest (also text). It installs on the iPhone from a web site, then runs on the iPhone offline, complete with local data storage. Apps that install on the iPhone (including PacMan) can be made on the OLPC laptop, no Mac or Windows needed. http://mrgan.tumblr.com/post/257187093/pie-guy What, you don't think kids in Africa should be able to write software that runs on the iPhone? I learned to program as a child in Africa. What's your point? It's not a complete non sequitur. The example was intentional because "most people" need to be reminded that $99/year and a Mac and Xcode is not needed to build apps that install to an iPhone. Also, text editor != compiler. No compiler is needed for an HTML5 app. An HTML5 app can be built using notepad, edlin, or vi. Check out that link. Extract: ... There’s no easier way to get an app than by installing it right from its website - that’s right, easier than the App Store. One tap and you’re set. Because it’s a web app, see. Not one of those where you need to be online either - once you add Pie Guy to your home screen, it’ll run even when you’re not connected to the Internet. And of course, your game will be saved to a local database. Read on... Here's an example tutorial targeting web developers: http://sixrevisions.com/web-development/html5-iphone-app/ On the contrary, I deliberately selected this example because the farmers using hormones to mass produce milk fast have successfully lobbied to force the organic milk farmers to label their organic milk saying "There's no proof the hormone milk is bad." It's the same argument here. The hormones accelerate milk production, like the cross-platform dev tools, and the end result is claimed to be the same, like you just claimed. Defensiveness about production methods and indistinguishable product still don't mean Whole Foods has to stock milk made that way. > Not having software available at all on an OS platform isn't choice. You choose the OS platform. And if this is the argument, why aren't people complaining that Windows doesn't run OSX apps, or that the PS3 doesn't run Xbox 360 games? I think reasonable people understand the platform is the place they make a choice. > A supermarket is not an OS platform, but to continue abusing the analogy, Whole Foods bananas refusing to work in the same meal as Tesco milk would be Strange and Wrong. A supermarket absolutely is a platform, an architecture and framework for food distribution, distinguished from competing platforms by philosophy, branding, and positioning. We're talking about the goods a store offers for sale, and the store's right to decide what goods to carry. We've established that production methodology is a widely accepted criterion for a store carrying or rejecting a good. The platform determines the goods offered, and the consumer chooses the platform. Section 101 of the Copyright Laws defines a “work made for hire” as: 1. a work prepared by an employee within the scope of his or her employment; or ... So, what's an employee? Startups, and developers working for startups, should read about a recent case that tilts in the startup's favor: http://www.sonnenschein.com/pubs/clientalerts/JustMed_Inc_v_... // Submitted this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1344996 Sequencing the captures as shown in your video is a great idea--allows the person making the screenshots to stay in storytelling flow. After that, I find the easy publishing, commenting, and one click round trip annotation features of Skitch to be extremely compelling: http://skitch.com/ For the part that comes after taking the screenshot, Skitch offers a particularly slick workflow without the separate Preview app. Since both your app and Skitch allow one click capturing with a history of captures, perhaps you could emphasize the storytelling aspect of your approach. Maybe they own the mindshare for annotated image discussions, but you own the category of screenshot sequences. Ideas: Eliminate subsequent capture button clicks until clicking Done. Drag to select and snap, use a key to switch between marquee rectangle and gui control? Show frames as a filmstrip while capturing. Flow the other commenting and annotation steps. PS. It's a different situation, but just yesterday I had to crop a dozen very high resolution JPEGs into 3 or 4 separate images each, and was disappointed that Preview couldn't just mark all the crops I wanted at once. Maybe yours could allow multiple rectangles at once, then "screenshot" them all at once. Thoroughly enjoyed this Hacker news -- loved the analog/digital blend of audio, oscillator, circuit board, and micro-controller code to understand and emulate the original. You know, ComicZeal on my iPad shows violence and adult situations just fine. It also shows Tintin, which for some, could be even more disturbing. In my haste to up vote this, I accidentally down voted. We've handled a couple hundred thousand support tickets in RT, some of them hundreds of interactions long, and it's still scaling happily. Using email for support is liberating and using the web interface is phenomenal too. Can't complain about the licensing, but you'll definitely want someone who knows Perl and or the O'Reilly book. Did you ever make someone a mix tape off the radio? And why were record labels so anxious to stream for free over the airwaves they got themselves in trouble? It's not a computer, it's a console. Replay the comparison, but versus Sony and Nintendo. I have a Kindle DX. Love it for reading research PDFs from start to finish. I had also figured it would be fantastic to shrink the shelf space for tech books, and always have those books at hand. Big downside that doesn't hit you till you try to use it for this purpose: the e-ink can't page flip fast enough to be useful. Readers on the iPad (iBooks, even Kindle app) don't have this issue. I read all books in order as well. I prefer e-readers (Sony Reader, Kindle DX, iPad) because I read at the speed of about one airport novel per hour, meaning I need five books for a cross country flight. It's easier to carry these electronically, and I keep a backlog of 50 - 70 books available to read. For computer books, such as the jQuery Cookbook I purchased yesterday from O'Reilly in this sale, I will also read each one from cover to cover. With that reading I form a visual spatial memory of where in the book I can find any information I need. My memory is not eidetic. I can't read the actual words, and I don't remember every page number. But I do know about how deep in the book, left or right page, and where on the page to look, so I can usually find a needed reference within a half dozen page turns. With e-readers, this is fuzzier. The "where in the book" depends on the progress bar, and there's no left or right to halve the search, so takes at least 10 - 20 page turns instead. These page turns are SLOOOOOW. On the iPad, page turns are many times faster. So, finding reference material in a thick reference book that I cognitively mapped on the iPad is commensurately faster. > it works for multiple books FYI: Looks like ordering multiple books created issues getting delivery of yesterday's purchases. I also lost the discount after checkout. Today's order pricing isn't what was reflected at checkout. Today the two titles I bought in two orders are listed as "registered" under the registered books area. Order status on both orders reflects "BOOKED", but shipped is 0, download link is not active, and the books are not listed in the downloads section. One purchase shows the discount, the other reflects full price without discount. An email to O'Reilly auto-responded with this: > Thank you for contacting O'Reilly Media Customer Service. We are experiencing a very heavy volume of orders due to our recent promotion. This is affecting the delivery and access of your electronic media. Please be patient and keep checking your account. TL;DR: Buyers should double-check orders to see what was actually charged. Steven Frank of well known Mac development house "Panic" blogged about the details lost trying to sync contacts through Google instead of MobileMe: http://stevenf.tumblr.com/post/618349003/here-are-some-thing... His summary: "If you’re contemplating this change, I highly recommend setting aside a few hours for research first. You may be unpleasantly surprised." Some more issues are discussed in today's TUAW article, "Sync Wars: Address Book vs. Google Contacts": http://www.tuaw.com/2010/05/22/address-book-vs-google-contac... The "UI Norm" is a broken attempt to reconcile hiding typed characters with being sure it was typed right. It fails this test if the user typos the same way twice. The method of showing each typed character as it is typed, then changing it to •, allows a single field to provide privacy and be sure each character was typed right. "To compete with Fox, Time Warner has to make HBO free." On the contrary, these products have different business models that intentionally appeal to different markets. For example, you can't walk into a Google Store at the mall and have someone help you get your Windows 7 laptop and iPhone talking to each other. Also, if you offer people free coffee versus coffee marked down to a dollar from five dollars, many people will choose the coffee for a buck. People like to value things, and having paid for something invests them in valuing its utility. I agree with Loukides' premise--I commented yesterday that Fox and HBO have different business models, and there's clearly room for both. What Mike Loukides overlooks while discovering that HTML5 is important is that initially "developers" complained when Apple, and Jobs, said "to put your apps on the iPhone, use HTML5". The iPhone was released without an Objective C SDK. Developers didn't want to make HTML5 apps, begged for the Objective C SDK, and we got what we asked for. Apple doesn't need to be persuaded about HTML5, developers do. A majority of the apps on my iPhone would work just fine as HTML5 apps. HTML5 apps on the iPhone are true citizens. They are installable from the web (no app store required). They are stored on the iPhone and run offline. They use persistent storage. You can even program games: > "And there’s no easier way to get an app than by installing it right from its website - that’s right, easier than the App Store. One tap and you’re set. Because it’s a web app, see. Not one of those where you need to be online either - once you add Pie Guy to your home screen, it’ll run even when you’re not connected to the Internet. And of course, your game will be saved to a local database. Read on." http://mrgan.tumblr.com/post/257187093/pie-guy Write once run anywhere HTML5 is nearly within reach largely thanks to the ubiquity of WebKit. Apple made WebKit truly "open", its openness driving adoption as a core technology across multiple devices. Adobe's Flash runtime being bundled in Chrome isn't the same sort of open, so Adobe has some work to do to put Flash everywhere. However, I'd prefer Adobe sort out how to let their same developer tools generate HTML5 apps built for each phone. That's the right kind of open: Adobe's tools would generate the same readable text files a human can with notepad, but the tools become worth buying as a productivity booster, not as the way to publish opaque files to a proprietary plugin. Ok, but if you want to sell in Apple's store, well, it's their store. Drafting behind a brand comes with some caveats that are up to the guy driving. O'Reilly is catching up, and fixing order discounts too: _____________________ I apologize for the delay in getting back to you. I checked your account and you now have access. You can download your ebook here: https://members.oreilly.com/account/emedia There were issues with our servers on Friday due to high loads, and we've been working to make sure everyone received the content they purchased. We have refunded you the amount that you would have saved if the discount code was applied to one of your orders. Please allow 5-7 business days for the credit to appear on your statement. Thank you again for your orders and for your understanding. Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Best Regards, O'Reilly Media Customer Service _____________________ Thanks, O'Reilly. > Well, if your world-view contains only OSX and Windows. OSX and Windows and any OS that does WebDAV. iDisk is WebDAV. It's a ... wait for it ... "open standard". Even on Mac if you don't like the iDisk client, use any other WebDAV client you like. I see all the iDisk hate in these threads and I wonder about people paying lip service to open standards on the one hand, while pushing proprietary solutions and dissing open standards on the other. I love Ubuntu too, and I think it's awesome that iDisk works for it. It's cool seeing that awesomeness was built into iDisk, since Apple is using open standards for their online storage. Same for iDisk. That's why Apple implemented it with WebDAV. Anyone can access iDisk from any OS using an open standard client, and iDisk URLs can be replaced with open standard storage URLs, no proprietary platform or API needed. After enough of these articles, I'm fairly sure they did it for the page views. The $2,000/hour * 10 hours example shows flawed customer thinking. A guarantee involving cash payback puts too much responsibility on the hosting provider, and not enough on the customer. A customer is responsible for establishing the appropriate redundancy for his business. If his business uptime is so incredibly vital, generating $2,000 an hour, then $1,000 in hosting a month is a ridiculously low investment. Google's MSA offers credits in the form of days of additional hosting service for moments of service unreachability. This is a guarantee that puts the burden of service where it should be. Google is responsible for providing a service. If they don't, they'll do much more of the same work for the customer at Google's cost. And the service is what it is. Google doesn't want to have to give away services, so they try to make it work. But the customer is responsible for choosing commercially appropriate levels of hosting and replication and redundancy. Only the customer can decide how bulletproof he wants it to be, at what cost. Frankly, online hosting customers should operate as though there is no hosting guarantee at all, and plan their web business bulletproofing costs according to their appetite for dealing with the reality that the Internet breaks. Also, I haven't found any way to do a search then delete particular messages without deleting the whole conversation. Anyone know how to do a search w/o pulling in conversations, and/or delete selected search results without deleting whole threads? At present, I resort to IMAP. // Over 150,000 messages per mail box, working on my third mail box. Out of curiosity, why? Does your cost calculation include opportunity cost of time? If Google does it well, why would you want to spend your time on duplicating that instead of spending your time on your own original skill? I recommend using Gmail (ideally, Google Apps for Your Domain) as your primary, and using an IMAP sync tool to back it up to something not owned by Google. With some a hundred employee accounts in Gmail for the past several years, I'd say it's been more reliable than the local electric company. We've never needed customer service from Google for Gmail. We're all engineers, but we have better things to do than run email servers. Email is a problem we can happily consider "solved". His test also considers the % sign invalid, yet I've both sent and received email that required the % for the mail to be routed/relayed correctly (think "in care of" or c/o). Granted, that was 17 years ago, but who's to say it's not in use somewhere? For an even better "window on the web" experience, grab the "iCab" browser. For reading Hacker News, switch on the "open links to different domains in background tab" option. In addition to desktop style tabs, it also offers "offline" mode caching (visited pages are saved to a local cache so they work when you tab back to them or re-run the app, even if you've gone offline), ad blocking, and more. This one is excellent, in that it allows free download to the device of multiple versions (and language), with instant switching among them: http://referenceapps.com/bible-hd-iphone-app-review/ Kindle / iBook is for reading page by page. A good bible program has many methods of jumping around as reference material. Funny how often "lap"-tops stay on the table. Maybe the iPad is the first actual laptop. 1. IM+ has chat (every major IM system) and web browser in the same app. 2. Multitasking is just another word for accomplishing less, but more slowly. > 2. Thanks for repeating something you read on the internet in a patronizing way You read it here first, since I composed it. Google it. Reminds me of Grape which I liked, even if it is still vaporware: http://www.tayasui.com/Grape.html The design concept: http://www.tayasui.com/Grape_design.html No, it was based on the parent poster being mistaken. > "The issue I have with the iPad is you can't really chat with friends online and do anything else at the same time" You can chat with friends online and do something else at the same time: surf the web. The IM+ client for iPad has a browser built in, allowing both to happen at the same time. Additionally, since IM+ and BeejiveIM support push, whenever you're not actively typing, you can simply quit the app and do anything else. When someone replies, you see the message without interrupting what you're doing. If you click "View" to type back, it does interrupt. By contrast, the IM+ built-in browser doesn't interrupt. Also, I'm not sure "IM+ sucks" is an accurate or helpful statement. He doesn't like IM+, which is his right, but the user ratings are quite high. I use BeejiveIM for its meta-contacts grouping, but occasionally appreciate IM+'s integrated web browser. Even though I prefer BeejiveIM, it's not clear that IM+ actually sucks. In any case, on the iPad, you can chat with friends online and do something else at the same time. BestBuy iPads came with a yellow sticker limiting to 14 days, not 30. Quite a lot of folks use 3G at work to avoid monitoring and/or the corporate firewall. You can use other GSM providers with the iPad, it's not locked to AT&T. > Apple won't let you anywhere near the iPad file system... Actually, Apple lets developers right in, so they can release solutions like PadSync: Enter Ecamm. The company, well known for its Mac and iPhone utilities, has released the first version of its PadSync tool. PadSync, which retails for $9.95, offers direct access to your iPad Documents folders from a desktop Mac application. As the gallery here shows, your shared files are accessible on an app-by-app basis. Double-click on a Word file, and you can open it in Microsoft Word, edit it, and save it back. Updates on the Mac instantly sync back to the iPad -- with one exception. Ecamm is still working on subfolder support, such as the Inbox that's created by the 3.2-and-later document sharing classes. Beyond that, PadSync offers all the instant synchronization you could wish for. Oh, and don't forget my favorite feature: since files are mirrored as well as synced on the Mac, you can access those files and queue up new ones even when the iPad is not connected to the Mac. http://www.tuaw.com/2010/06/07/ecamm-introduces-ipad-documen... Set your margins the way you like them: http://lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/ Design the page for you, not for the ads. Nice thing is you click the clock logo in your menu bar, "Enter Time Machine", and drag your Safari 4 icon from an hour ago right back where you want it. // EDIT: I see below you mention MSIEXEC. So never mind. There's an implied social contract in the phrase "do no evil": use our stuff, and we won't #*!$ you over. http://www.google.com/corporate/tenthings.html This background image breaks at least the first 3 of these 10 things. I like Marco's proposed solution, because polling is an easily abstracted or generalized operation. Pooling app polling would save a tremendous amount of setup and teardown time. I also like his idea of iOS only allowing polling when signal is above a threshold. Data requests while in marginal coverage chew battery at an extraordinary rate. Changing my Fetch frequency on 3 mail accounts from 15 mins to 60 mins more than doubled battery life. ReMail approached this by setting a timer to remind the user to launch the app and download mail to index. The data load for checking mail with arbitrary attachment sizes is considerably more than what Marco's talking about. I'd bet the data transfer problem is something Apple considered. Even for small data sets, using data continually adds up. After getting their first data bill, users might prefer to be manually in charge of their data usage. Brought to you by a Flash animation shop[1] in Amsterdam with clearly no dog in this hunt. [1] Sorry, "multimedia studio": http://www.lollibomb.com/ They gave me mine back. It's useless without a unique ribbon connector though. Think clipboard versus Olivetti. Netbooks have half the screen and a fraction of the navigation and presentation usability for this particular scenario. As owner of both types of devices, I'd venture that the on screen keyboard on the iPad is at least as touch-type-able as the miniature netbook keyboards. Also, Penultimate with its wrist rest detection suggests what domain specific charting software could be like. > "that affected some of our customers with AT&T 3G service for iPad" The way AT&T's whole email is worded seems as though AT&T went to great lengths to avoid clarifying if your particular email was stolen. Looks to me like the results all include short URLs (bit.ly, tinyurl) that when expanded go to feeds that do use or include FeedBurner. This JavaScript turns short URLs long: javascript:void(function(){if(typeof%20jQuery%20==%20'undefined'){var%20s=document.createElement('script');s.src='http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.2.6/jquery.min.js';document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(s);}var%20l=document.createElement('script');l.src='http://www.longurlplease.com/js/longurlplease.js';document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(l);function%20runIfReady(){try{if($.longurlplease){%20clearInterval(interval);%20$.longurlplease();}}catch(e){}};%20var%20interval%20=%20window.setInterval(runIfReady,100);}()) Or http://www.longurlplease.com/ Annoying that lack of IE6 compatibility makes "launch not advisable". It's hard enough to convince clients that IE6 must die. http://www.ie6nomore.com/ Release notes don't mention: this updates Apple Mail, revises the messages DB, and disables Mail plugins such as Daylight, Letter Opener, and Widemail. Wilcox does not have a pro-Apple bias. In the comments, Wilcox notes, "this is the first post here admitting that I got something wrong about Apple." He explains that after selling his iPad, he found he was missing something not fulfilled by netbook or smartphone, missing enough that he bought himself another: > "The world does need an Apple tablet -- and perhaps others -- contrary to what I asserted in late January. ... iPad offers fresh functionality: immersion. I find there are fewer reading distractions, and content is better presented than on a laptop and browser. I'm more focused and retain more of what I read. ... Part of this immersive experience is the technology, but also how iPad is used. Apple's tablet is a sit down and focus device, as much because of size and shape as screen and user interface. The totality -- physical design and software benefits -- is immersion." Wilcox also calls out an opportunity for developers: > "Immersion -- and this is something every media publisher wants of its consumers -- extends well beyond iPad's Web browser, which doesn't deliver the device's best immersive content experiences. Games and publishing apps are more immersive." Yes, we used aggressive degradation in 2009. In 2010, after Microsoft sent flowers to IE6's funeral[1] we have been able to use that anecdote to persuade clients to go a step further and actively sign off that IE6 is not supported. At the least, "Displays and functions correctly in IE6" should be defaulted to "N/A", which would also help make the "N/A" option more discoverable. [1] http://www.techflash.com/seattle/2010/03/microsoft_sends_flo... AT&T has no reason (other than network capacity) to limit supply. AT&T definitely has no reason to have their servers go down under signups, giving further impression and bad PR of capacity handling problems. What AT&T does have is IT management who use Blackberries, and still think a smartphone is defined by its technical feature set. With iPhone technical feature set comparing poorly (in conventional tech opinion) to Android, and with Android beating iPhone sales the past few months (ignoring that iPhone buyers might be waiting for v4), it's "inconceivable" (AT&T's actual word) that people really want iPhone that much. AT&T is genuinely confused by this. If someone has a recommendation on the best method of configuring this for multiple domains (not subdomains) on a cloud host, I'd appreciate the pointer. I've found this: http://blog.mixu.net/2010/05/17/setting-up-multisite-wordpre... Which references this: http://www.interconnectit.com/840/wordpress-3-0-multisite-wi... These assume you can edit your Apache conf, and many cloud hosts don't support that. In this case, I mean not shared web hosting in the VPS sense (one server, many customer sites) but web farm or web cluster (your site on many servers). He didn't have the dataset. The password is for visiting, not for posting. If you set a password, nobody can visit your blog w/o the password. http://posterous.com/help/private_sites "You can set a password on your Posterous site so only the readers you want can see it. To see your site, a user must go to your site url and also enter the correct password for your site." Two solutions: 1. Change from "Contributors can post" to "Anyone can post". Counterintuitive, but the first is based on email FROM, the second is moderated. 2. Make a hash as your FROM address. Add it as an alias to send from in Gmail (or whatever you use). Send to posterous from the hash address. Your email address becomes your password. Comparing the proposed map with the current map (the 2nd map in the article), it's clear that the river provides scale and locality, allowing better association with one's mental above ground map. Put back the river, and the proposed one would be better. Without it, a tremendous amount of context is lost. Also thrilled with ReadyNAS NV+ for all the same reasons, but especially to support Macs, TimeMachine, and remove WebDAV access. Fantastic. The second article seems exactly what I was looking for. Also appreciate the article references workarounds (eg., use trunk version of plugin). I'm suspicious of articles suggesting everything "just works". Thank you, Otto. You push 80 terabytes per month from only 3 gigabytes of storage? CDNs should adore you. Not necessarily about flight sims. Put your palm on top of someone's head and make them look around... The common use case is to back up your office to the cloud. This story shows why you should back up the cloud to your office. > I'll buy it so will all the real computer users. :) There are considerably fewer “real computer users” than non computer users. Let's face it: “real computer users” are a niche. Google Voice transcription is a (really bad) toy. If you hate checking voice mail but want transcription that's immediate and even better than deciphering audio yourself, try http://www.phonetag.com/ PhoneTag is more accurate than our most human receptionists. Agreed on the lag. I had to change cell phone voice mail to delay 30 seconds before answering or calls were going to GV voicemail for "no answer" before I could get to the cell phone. To the caller it had rung 5 times, to me, once. Consolas was designed for ClearType, but on a Mac, Consolas seems a touch heavy to me. Lucida Sans Typewriter and Bitstream Vera Sans Mono are also somewhat heavy, as are Menlo and Mensch. I find Andale Mono to be the perfect blend of legibility, distinctive character forms, and lightness, for black letters on white background. With its shorter and rounded letterforms providing a sense of white space between lines, I suspect this font is reminding me of highly legible daisy wheel printouts. This is my font of choice for both coding and plain-text email. It's not as widely known, but people who use it become somewhat fanatical. In Terminal I use amber on black, and find Monaco 10pt. better because of the line height and old school terminal feel. I suspect this font reminds me of the plotter-style vector fonts pre-dating MS-DOS. Like Consolas, Monaco has a slash through the zero, which I much prefer. Just for fun, try http://sensi.org/~svo/glasstty/ in 20 pt (15 pt in Windows) terminal window. It's a DEC VT220 terminal glyph font complete with raster lines. I'm on OSX, and suggest some alternatives to Consolas above: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1454649 Kall8 (complex routing rules available) or ifByPhone (ditto + API) Twilio (all about API) If not in at your Apple store, maybe a local issue, as they're in stock by the truckload at Apple stores nearby (NYC area). With it on, the glass is separated from flat surfaces you set the phone on, and the phone looks less distinctive too (which can be a good thing). Nexus One, same issue: http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=34a... Don't worry, the footnote says that it's only simulated, the actual physical effects may vary. I appreciated the clarification that signal strength (dB) and signal quality (SNR) are two different things -- that all the phones tested got lower signal when "tightly cupped", but with the iPhone 4 despite the lower dB, the new antenna design holds calls and gets higher speeds than other phones: > "I can honestly say that I've never held onto so many calls and data simultaneously on 1 bar at -113 dB as I have with the iPhone 4 ... reception is massively better on the iPhone 4 in actual use." And that there's another benefit to the new antenna design: > "WiFi signal has changed as well... though not how one would expect. Holding the phone with no case actually improves WiFi signal strength by a measurable 5 to 10 dB." > "I've only used low-end Nokia phones mostly..." Like the Nokia 2320 with the instruction manual that says you shouldn't hold it like that? http://funsizebytes.com/post/745721120/instructions-from-my-... Quote from Apple's script: > "The iPhone 4’s wireless performance is the best we have ever shipped." Quote from Anandtech review: > "I can honestly say that I've never held onto so many calls and data simultaneously on 1 bar at -113 dB as I have with the iPhone 4 ... reception is massively better on the iPhone 4 in actual use... There's no doubt in my mind this iPhone gets the best cellular reception yet." http://www.anandtech.com/show/3794/the-iphone-4-review/2 I won't buy an iPhone app that's using Flash inside the phone screen to demo the app. Use of Flash suggests the author doesn't know how to do rich interfaces without Flash, so the app itself can't be that good. Granted, if I could see the demo, I might discover I was mistaken. http://imgur.com/VdUK2.png XM keeps doing this to me too. Thanks for reminding me to check for it again. It's interesting to me the language calling it a "metal rim" and "metal band", when Jonathan Ive says it's a solid slab of metal, that the groove is machined in. The iFixit teardown makes it appear that the groove is machined in as well, and the metal you see is all part of a slab. I contrast Ive's comments and iFixit's teardown with the Keynote presentation, and think someone's simplifying something in the explanations. This is why: http://fscked.co.uk/post/754590440/update-i-have-a-followup-... I also like both Thecus and ReadyNAS, with Mac Mini or Xbox 360 as head-ends at the TV sets. Been using these for years. The (add-on|plug-in|module) community for both NAS servers is great. That said, both Microsoft's Media Center and Home Media Server are also fantastic and extensible. > "Did you know the audio out is provided by a microphone in the base of the dock, which connects to an amplifier and then the audio out jack? It does." Repeating "it does" doesn't make it so. Here's how the audio gets from the iphone to the audio out jack: http://pinouts.ru/PortableDevices/ipod_pinout.shtml If you're wondering what the iPhone speaker port appears to mate with in Apple docks, it's a special vent that permits you to dock the phone and still use it in speakerphone or iPod audio playback modes without significant muffling or additional distortion. That Apple's iPhone 4 universal dock adapter is made for Apple's universal dock. How often do you update the software? What changes when you update the software? How many hardware platform updates have there been for Android so far? How interoperable are the various docks? The iPhone 4 is essentially the same phone as the original iPhone. So little has changed, many of my colleagues are still happily using their summer 2007 Jesus phones, which they say do everything they need to do, adequately. Notice how Apple doesn't tell you how much RAM, or what the CPU clock speed is. Apple doesn't want consumers worrying about the hardware race. They'll sell you a major new feature: 3G support, a GPS chip and video encoder, a 4x resolution screen. But the core platform remains viable three and half years later, running the same apps. If your goal is a platform that's stable, seems you are contradicting yourself. On the one hand, you say Apple's each generation is insufficiently differentiated, yet on the other, you say you're forced to upgrade. With so little differentiation, why do you find yourself forced? There are tons of iPhone 4 pictures, such as the gizmodo picture re-leaked onto thenextweb, etc.: http://www.google.com/images?q=iphone+4&hl=en&safe=o... The more popular results reflect a linking pattern that's from then (mostly linking to the curved Macbook Air style fake iPhone 4), rather than now (linking to the released phone). Todo, syncing with ToodleDo's annual subscription for sync and web access. I own Things, OmniFocus, Todo, and others, and at the moment, I prefer Todo. My objective is simplicity of entry with "GTD" style task management, with OTA sync across multiple Macs and devices. For non-techies with just one Mac and one iDevice, I tend to recommend Things, while for sales, I tend to recommend Daylite. (LAN WiFi sync doesn't count, only OTA sync ensures you're up to date.) ToodleDo has tasks inside tasks, lists, etc. You have to pay $14/year. In my use over 3G and WiFi, the cloud sync is fantastic, supporting complex task types, dates, and nestings. And thus Zak withstood the zackattack... > "It's impossible that it's nonsense. To be nonsense, it would require a conspiracy among the field's thousands of practitioners and most of their students and admirers." This doesn't follow. There are many other ways it could be nonsense, as demonstrated by countless erudite groups from Nebuchadnezzar's astrologers to the Inquisition. None wants to be the one who "doesn't get it". Moreover, the participants you list--practitioners, students, admirers--are hardly impartial. Their interests in the emperor's clothes are well vested. Ok, I was just trying to quickly switch to another app, but thanks for telling me. Now that you've told me, if I don't want to consume the battery, what do I click? Or, consuming the battery is fine, and I want to keep Trapster running. What do I click? // Seems this is a better example of the wrong way to do backgrounding. They reported the same 20 dB drop as Anandtech, a week later. However, unlike Anandtech, CR failed to even mention how the phone holds calls given certain signal strengths or drops in signal strength. Also, one wonders about their lab, since CR failed to find the drops from comparable smartphones that Anandtech found, reportedly around 9 - 14 dB, and failed to explain how each phone's drop affected call retention, sound quality, or data rates. Not all radio tuners or antennas are created equal; just look at WiFi 802.11n data rates from different vendors given the same signal strength. Reviewers need to stop focusing on signal strength, and test actual call handling. Doing a real test (instead of "oh, now we see what you meant...") would have been great PR for Consumer Reports. It's nice to share the list of sorted results -- but why on Scribd in print format? In theory these are user volunteer help forums, not "oh look at that article over there" forums. I've been lurking on the iPhone 4 boards since launch. Apple is leaving extremely negative threads open and active. They generally do not leave threads that are begun as pointers to, and discussions on, outside sources. Headline: "Apple Knew of iPhone Antenna Glitch" Body: "Apple said, "We challenge Bloomberg BusinessWeek to produce anything beyond rumors to back this up. It's simply not true."" WSJ regurgitates Bloomberg, buries the rebuttal, and headlines the rebutted info with nothing to substantiate why the rebuttal should be dismissed.