For example: flash your own image (without root, you can only flash image signed by T-Mobile/Google/HTC; how good is to have access to source code, if you can't build it and run it on real device?), create VPN connections, write useful bluetooth profiles like DUN (tethering done correctly) or A2DP. What you can do with root access is much longer list than what you can do the Google blessed way. RIL, audio, wifi and accelerometer, to name a few. Additionaly, the entire radio stack is also closed source (it is outside the OS - it runs on separate CPU, is stored separately in ROM and RIL communicates with it using shared memory). Well, welcome to 2002. Symbian/Series60 phones were doing this since then, without any dongle, using application called Psiloc Total irRemote. Do you think that people browsing Dell site are going to type in the ubuntu url? They may never heard of it. On the other hand, Dell is capable to upsell vista with xp. Why are they not capable to offer ubuntu using the same mechanism? People new to computers have no existing assumptions, how the computer should work and in fact have easier time to use Ubuntu than those exposed to XP/Vista previously. Try observing reality around you next time. (Yes, flame, he asked for that. It is amazing what some people are able to rationalize and be rude in the process). Great app, I installed it few weeks ago. But I have a question - do you have some bug tracker, where your users can put bugs and suggestions? I would like to suggest to split the minutes in usage summary by the direction, incoming and outcoming calls separately (in addition to weekdays/weekends as it is now). Well, it is also €15.95. This guy should really investigate others banks, right now he is asking Europeans for $20.70. They left it out for a very good reason. Basically, you have only two ways to notify device on the cellular network about some event: OTA-Push and SMS. OTA-Push is quite nice in it's capabilities, except that you need gateway with your cellular provider (for a fee, of course). The thing with OTA-Push is, that most cell providers didn't implement it since its specification in 2001. The another way to notify the device is sending SMS. They are not exactly cheap either and this may be well the reason, why OTA-Push is not implemented - why to kill the golden goose? There are hacks, that avoid OTA-Push and SMS. You can go ActiveSync route and keep long lived TCP connection open, but look what it will do to your battery. You cannot connect from server to the device. You know only IMSI, but not IP address (that's what OTA-Push is doing: translating IMSI to IP), or the device may even not have IP address or if it has one, it will be behind NAT. So today, you have two choices: killing your battery fast or do with SMS. That is not acceptable to Apple and the networks are not going to change. You better get to live with this situation. Illegal? Yes. Wrong? Not so sure. You should be able to download Queen songs or Steamboat Willie cartoon from the Internet. I see it as a form of civil disobedience against bought law. No matter how many trials the industry goes through, it will be not respected, because it is not balanced. Only if you live in US, or are willing to mess with US proxy. Sadly, most of the world does not live in US and therefore, hulu.com is not an option for them. Torrent is. Turn off location services, that added about one day to my battery. Also, if you have rooted phone, you can try scp (or samba) over wifi. I know, it is not obex over bluetooth, but should be faster. Crap article, intended to put down Russia. It plays on stereotypes and parrots "popular opinion" of Russia. It is opinion article. It does not cite any sources for its data, for example birthrate grows since 2005 (according to CIA factbook). And please stop the vodka/drunken nation thing, the rest of the world does not write articles that British have problem with gin anymore. Actually, the amount of (badly written) PHP code works against PHP in this case. Not due to esthetic or subjective opinions about PHP, but for very pragmatic reason - SQL. AppEngine does not support SQL as we know it, but uses the google database and GQL. Changing that huge amount of PHP with interspersed SQL statements is not worth it. As for now, it supports Python and JVM languages (that includes JRuby). But even for these languages, third party libraries can be a problem. Edit: typo Win32 is full of such inconsistencies, for example: BOOL GetMessage(LPMSG lpMsg, HWND hWnd, UINT wMsgFilterMin, UINT wMsgFilterMax); returns: > If the function retrieves a message other than WM_QUIT, the return value is nonzero. > If the function retrieves the WM_QUIT message, the return value is zero. > If there is an error, the return value is -1. For example, the function fails if hWnd is an invalid window handle or lpMsg is an invalid pointer. To get extended error information, call GetLastError. You don't, unless it really bothers you for some reason. Consider it 'real option' that is available with Linux but not with Windows or OSX. Flash uses Sorenson Video 3, which is derivative of h263. The irony is, that Apple used to exclusively license the SV3 codec for Quicktime (they used to deliver trailers in mov + sv3 + qdm2) and Adobe later licensed the same codec for Flash (later also On2 VP6 and H.264). The point is, that Quicktime has supported the video (except VP6) and audio codecs used by Flash for ages, it just does not support the flv container. If you remultiplex any youtube video into mov container, any stock Quicktime installation will be able to play it. It is not clear at all: submarine patents popping up apply to H.264 too. Both codecs are on equal standing on this issue. However, remember that Apple is a MPEG LA member, so every time someone pays for H.264 license, a cut from the money goes to Apple. Are you programmer/IT guy? If yes, please be aware that the law does not work the way you think it works. For recent example why your theory of parity of exposure is not valid, see Microsoft vs. Alcatel-Lucent. Well, HTML5 is not going to be adopted by tomorrow. The adoption will take longer than the mobile devices lifespan. It means, that if TI/Qualcomm/etc start developing Theora DSPs this year, they will be on the market and in the devices before HTML5 goes mainstream. Standardizing on Theora is pretty good incentive to have it hardware accelerated. The point of the lawsuit I referenced is to clearly demonstrate, that: "Similarly, right now if somebody starts suing over submarine claims on H.264, Apple's not really any worse off than some of the other players." is simply not true. Microsoft properly licensed MP3 format. So did other companies. Lucent sued only Microsoft and not other companies. Patent holders can pick and choose who, when and where they will be suing for infringement. There is no duty to sue all known infringements. Safari supports HTML5 video element, but not HTML5 per se. It is not finished yet. Interestingly, when YouTube supported only Sorenson, Apple didn't care for that and went on ignoring YouTube. Why it is suddenly a problem? You didn't miss anything, it is average Apple-can't-do-wrong fanboi article. To provide counterpoint to your "Once you go Mac you never go...", I did exactly that last month. My previous computer was PB12. Yes, it is dated, but until unibody MBP13 introduction Apple didn't have any other model to replace it. Well, they still don't have anything able to replace it. MBP13 has shiny display, non-replaceable battery etc. Combined with unavailability of next OSX release for PPC, I had to choose what's next. So I got an Thinkpad, that has proper display instead of mirror, easily replaceable batteries and few other perks (you can put a second battery into DVD-RW bay, and it has built-in WWAN card with great antena, oh and the keyboard rules, yay!). Regarding Unix-yness, you can run Linux of your choice either natively or in vmware (I run mine in vmware), and I'm satisfied. I don't care for iLife (I used just iTunes anyway; winamp is OK replacement) or iWork. Things that I do care for are equally well done on Windows and OSX. Writing multi-threaded software in any language, that uses shared state and locking primitives is debugging nightmare. The list of those languages includes not only Python, but Java and C# too. If the GPL version is enough, then yes, it is free. But the free as a beer binary is not free for his purposes. Sadly no, MBP15 has also 6-bit TN display. Well, there are very few notebooks with other than TN displays. Thinkpads used to have IPS, but since the introduction of latest generation (T400, T500), they have TN too. For a very short list, see a poster above ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=706579 ), he mentions one HP, one Lenovo model with optional IPS (W in series designation means workstation) and one Sony model. The iPhone is not cheap in US. Yes, you don't pay $700/€500 upfront, but you will pay the amount through duration of the contract and by losing the option to switch carriers during the next year or two. The cost is the same, just hidden. Not really true, in my corner of woods (EU), top of line T400 (LED display, P9500, hybrid graphics, 3G/HSPA modem etc) is cheaper than cheapest unibody Macbook (13). Wondered about that too. Windows shops are vary of writing functionality, that might one day compete with Microsoft. Writing net Tomcat/JBoss could clash with IIS and future frameworks. Something like this happened with nant/msbuild and nunit/mstest. Commercial companies find it difficult to justify development of tools with high risk of being obsolete soon (something competing with MS product does not stand a chance in most Windows shops). Apache projects do not care about this risk. It is. or go to about:config and set browser.urlbar.richResults to false. No, maxRichResults and richResults are separate preferences. See also: http://kb.mozillazine.org/Browser.urlbar.richResults and http://kb.mozillazine.org/Browser.urlbar.maxRichResults > Servers: ~$2000 per production box. That's Small Business Server, which comes with production licenses for SQL Server, Exchange Server, and pretty much all the backend stuff you could want. Only if you don't plan to grow beyond 50 CALs. Then it skyrockets. Yes, in the options field. Debug symbols do not impact speed in any way. They just take up disk space (and are used when needed, i.e. not during normal operation). There may be other settings that do impact the performance, but they are not debug symbols. Someone has to handle DOM part too. If you are writing your own widget wrapper (if you are subclassing UIObject or Widget, and I imagine that the Wave team is doing this), you will also have to handle cross-browser compatibility. If you don't nullify every reference, then the instance really should not be garbage collected, as it is not garbage yet. You should rather consider your application, where you are storing references and whether it is really needed (often better strategy is to make clone of the instance and treat it as disposable). Modern garbage collectors traverse the object graph and dispose everything, that is not in the graph - meaning, that closed chain of object with circular references is not a problem - they will get gc'ed. Accessing null reference does not give NullPointerException, ever. Dereferencing it does. Time. The govt gives out X/year, not the final amount X. When they want it back, it comes from different 'tranches'. This ensures, that there is always debt. Money has value only if there is debt and you must use some to get out of it. Why would you need it otherwise? Well, support for unix-style line ends would not hurt... My memories of Aquamacs are full of fighting with the thing to do what I wanted. It was overriding everything I customized in my .emacs. About the only positive thing I found about it was the ability to run in full-screen mode (something that ntemacs is still unable to do). I would like to ask you: How? Microsoft managed to support Unicode in Notepad, starting in Windows 2000; the heuristic used when detecting character sets is fragile and has potential to break what used to work (mostly opening readmes anyway). How would support for Unix style line ending break legacy software? Monoculture, Apple branding and Apple control. I'm not that these things missing on Android are bad thing, though. Your argument would be more valid when comparing for example the PPC32 to PPC64, but for IA32 vs AMD64 you are missing: - IA32 is register starved ISA, AMD64 is not. It has doubled the amount of general registers. - AMD64 doesn't have to support the x87 FPU baggage. As a result, it is simpler to deal with fp math. Not only that, Android applications respond to event like "you are about to be killed, please serialize your state" or "please restore your state", something that "classic" linux applications do not support. Android is not typical linux - it is not supposed to run on devices with gigabytes of fast memory running off AC outlet. When your memory bandwith is two orders of magnite lower, you have 128MB of it (on G1, 64MB of memory is used by the radio) and you are on battery, putting GNU system there would be not very smart - if you want something usable and with battery life longer than few hours, that is. You are now in the excitement phase about your new toy. Check back in few months, after you know that there are other things, that are broken in OSX. The keyboard problem on Thinkpads T400/T500 was solved in october 2008 - three months after introducing them and more than year ago. I've used OSX since 10.0 up to 10.5 and classic MacOS before that. I've never upgraded to 10.6 and do not plan to do so (I got Thinkpad and Windows last summer). I remember times when dlopen/dlsym didn't work (later it did); never managed to build some command line utilities and other required porting effort; macports was never functioning properly; Aquamacs ignored my customizations; was there X11.app release that did work at all?; no jdk6 for ppc; etc. From proprietary side: you could have either Office 2004 for PPC running in emulation and working macros and custom language dictionaries; or intel Office 2008 without these two things. Since switching to OSX, the Adobe suite got worse and has distinct second-class feel compared to windows version. I had some favourite software, that was originaly developed for classic MacOS (both m68k and ppc) and it does not work on modern Macs. Even software that was updated for OSX does not work, because the installer is for classic and then the updater updates the program to carbon (or whatever) version. With every switch in OSX focus there is software that is getting lost (with switch to intel, we lost some. With switch to 64b, we will lose more due to no Carbon). In short, in all those years I was using OSX I got fed up and made a full circle (dos/windows -> linux -> mac -> windows). Codename for specific version. Android 1.5 = Cupcake Android 1.6 = Donut Android 2.0 = Eclair I had hangup-on-resume experience on powerbook too. Not very often, about once a month. It was quite annoying. Indexing and returning results to search queries is not the same as publishing. The cache feature is publishing, but it is easy to remove it without impacting Google in significant way. The problem with Android is, that the time between when it gets released and when it gets onto the handset of your choice is one week (Motorola Droid and Eclair). And that is the improvement, in past it used to get onto handsets and into the wild first, then released to developers (G1 and 1.1, I'm looking at you). Basically the development process of Android is closed, Google does not comment on ongoing developments, the sources (or information) are occasionally dumped on developers. The 2.0 is still not fully open. The older releases still do not build for G1/G2 - you cannot checkout the source, configure for particular device and at the end of the process have an image that you can flash. Or the situation with ADP1 - it is supposed to be development phone, but there was still no communication, whether 2.0 will be able to run at all at the device. Developers outside Google/HTC cannot work on the tree, because it does not build... Well, I'm starting to lose respect for The Economist. There were few articles from area that I'm involved in and the articles were just one sides' arguments, without contacting the other side. The article author just met with someone in nice restaurant, listened to them and then run with the info. There was no effort for digging deeper, it is cheaper after all and fills pages too. > They deserve deference because somebody has got to secure our borders in this day and age, and like it or not, this is probably the best way to go about doing it. I'm willing to live with my feelings getting hurt if it means people aren't able to drive bombs over the border. Have you ever been to EU? Or somewhere else? How it is, that these guys are able to act professionally, non-emotionally and secure the borders without acting like assholes? This is not either-or situation, border guards can do their job without intimidation and beating people. (The US border is in fact the worst one I ever went through. Makes you think.) > Debian does, Ubuntu does, Fedora does, They do not. For Debian and Ubuntu, it is in Multiverse (non-free) repositories. For Fedora, it in RPM Fusion repository. In other words, there is no distribution that distributes H.264 or AAC, so system decoders would not help at all. Depends on USB or BT profiles supported by the phone. If it supports only USB CDC ACM or BT DUN, you are stuck with dialing. If it supports USB CDC ECM, USB RNDIS (Windows has to be special...) or BT PAN, things are much better and the phone is just another ethernet interface in your computer. Yes and no. The "No" part: Android system has (at least) three partitions - system, cache and data. Data is where applications get installed. Cache is used, well, for caching data and it must be at least the same size as system (because it holds system image when updating over the air). I don't know for sure how it is partitioned in N1, just guessing: the data partition is 192M, leaving 160M for system and 160M for cache. The "Yes" part: android partitions on proprietary hardware (and N1 is proprietary hardware, just as G1/ADP1 is) are defined in proprietary boot loader. There is currently no way to change them without going through the risk of having $500 brick on your table. It supports some non-standard too, e.g. ActiveSync. UK is not a part of Schengen area, so it is not just being island and all. Good luck with redistributing that ffmmpeg-linked build of Chromium. Or do you think that end-users are going to compile their browser? Sorry, but OpenCL is not API for hardware H.264 decoding as we know it on other platforms. Yes, OpenCL allows you to run code on GPU, but that's where it ends. It is no match to DXVA in Windows or VA-API/VDPAU in Linux, which allows you using the silicon dedicated to decoding MPEG-2/4 ASP/4 AVC/VC-1. There is no equivalent to these APIs in OSX. Apple has patents on truetype hinting, not subpixel anti-aliasing. Ironically, when working around this patent, it is easier to get results similar the OSX, rather than similar to Windows. That's difficult to say without benchmarking. Yes, you can offload some computations to GPU (you certainly are not going to parse the bitstream or VLD decode using shader programs), but do you get net gain, when you are shuffling buffers over PCI-E? You also limit your target audience to NVidia 9400 and up when talking about OSX, basically telling the Macbook users with Intel graphic cards, that they do not need to apply (Intel 3100 and 4500 are perfectly capable of decoding H.264 and VC-1, just not through shaders). Because they are based in France and EU does not recognize software patents. If you are using VLC in US/Japan, it is your responsibility to pay the fee. It is does not solve Mozilla's problem with fees paid by authors and publishers. Do you want to pay license fees for videos you will put on your webpage? Thought so... There is another advantage VLC has: it is academic project, sponsored by University. Even in US, you can use patented technologies for research without license. Actually, it is new thing in Windows 7, so Vista also does not have H.264 decoder. What about turning it around? 100% has access to open decoder, and if 2% wants to use licensed codec, they can. Remember, Theora was suggested as baseline codec, not as only codec. Given that Ericsson F3507g mini-pcie card is $80 give or take, I doubt that the $130 3G upgrade is at cost. The 256 MB (or whatever) is not Android limitation, it is limitation of specific device. Large applications can put data on SD card, where they are limited by the card size. I have the ADP1, which has around 70 MB partition for applications, yet I use navigation app, which has 2.8 GB worth of data (entire EU + few surrounding countries). Well, because R&D and marketing costs are fixed costs and go to SG&A (Sales, general and administration). What the article talks about is variable cost and it goes into COGS (Cost of goods sold). Yes, it is, but it is currently not used for production. Dalvik does not care about language, it converts java class files to dex file. However, Scala/Clojure/etc have runtimes with quite significant initialization time, that gets lost on desktop, but not on mobile devices. Scala is getting there with minimal runtime, but Clojure still initializes too much and the startup time of Clojure application on Android is atrocious. When building the binary, set target/use SDK for Android 1.5 (or even 1.1, if you can). The older handsets will be able to run it too. Android 2.1 is currently running only on Nexus One, 2.0 is Motorola Milestone/Droid, HTC G1 and HTC Magic are 1.6, HTC Hero and Samsung Galaxy are 1.5. There is integer-only decoder for Vorbis, called Tremor. What is missing is decoding by DSPs built in mobile devices. You need to bug TI, Broadcom and other DSP makers for that. Well, given that Nokia S60v3 browser _is_ webkit, I don't think that the results with your suggested stylesheet would be satisfactory. Would you accept it on your iphone? Gettting used to using the OS provided codecs can be a problem, because it forces you into specific codec, that you may want to avoid and disallows to use codec you want to use. For example, I can't imagine Bink being hardware accelerated anytime soon. It is Ubisoft. See this http://www.shacknews.com/onearticle.x/62098 (random article from google) for example. The best bargain got the lXnXvX buyers, who bought vista machines eligible for win7 upgrade - they received pristine win7 oem discs, without any enhanced experience or other garbage. 56kbps was download only, upload was 33.6kbps. There are some more copies, for example: format 35: mp4/h264/aac, 480p@main format 34: flv/h264/aac, 360p@main format 5: flv/svq3/mp3, 400x226 format 36: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/aac, 320x240 format 17: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/aac, 176x144 format 13: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/amr, 176x144 Three letters - LQA. You find another translator to a given language and let him/her proofread the translation. You do QA in another fields, why the translation should be different? Well, starting with the famous UI lawsuit... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Computer,_Inc._v._Microso... What you can do with Ogg (and MPEG-1&2 PS) is to jump into middle of stream and play it from there (think broadcast radio or TV). You can't do that with Matroska (or MPEG-4 system for that matter), becuase you always need header at the beginning of file. > MPEG patents, which (I believe) also offers submarine patent protection in that the MPEG-LA would be solely liable for not finding them earlier should trouble arise. Why so many people believe this and where it comes from? I see it repeated so many times, always without reference. FYI, from AVC licensing FAQ: Q: Are all AVC essential patents included? A: No assurance is or can be made that the License includes every essential patent. The purpose of the License is to offer a convenient licensing alternative to everyone on the same terms and to include as much essential intellectual property as possible for their convenience. Participation in the License is voluntary on the part of essential patent holders, however. It is pretty unusual in mobile. Since the dawn of smartphones (or J2ME feature phones before that), the Symbian and Windows Mobile development was free for all game. No NDAs, no contract, just download the SDK, develop and distribute whatever you want. That changed with RIM and Apple. After these, Symbian also began to act stupidly with their Symbian Signed initiative. Multiple resolutions is not a problem, it is just pathetic excuse of Apple fanbois. Just wait, until Apple comes with iPhone using higher res, then of course it will be best thing since sliced bread and Apple will be first with such a novel concept. You are right, Symbian Signed was launched in 2005, it was new feature in Symbian 9/Series60 v3. The difference was, that Symbian Signed aimed for accountability - they wanted to trace back, who made which binary. They didn't really cared what the binary did, just in case of malware, there was accountability. You got your certificate upfront and in 99% cases, they didn't care what you are going to write and how you intend to distribute it. The rest 1% (still hugely inflated number) was, when you requested root-like capabilities (i.e. you would have a way to mess with hardware or DRM directly), then they wanted to hear your business case. BREW platform was, to put it bluntly, non-player on non-market (US was at the time considered backward contry mobile-wise and the rest of the world ignored BREW). RIM was never popular among third-party developers, and among users everyone was buying BB for the messaging, nobody cared for third-party apps. I do have problem with Apple's approach with the App Store. I think it is unreasonable to be bridge-watching troll between me and my device. IF there was a way to sideload unsigned or self-signed binaries, that would be not a problem, but App Store is the only way to put app on the device, and this way is gated. If the App Store was optional (althrough still preferred or popular) way, I would not have problem with paying for hosting and cataloging apps. Returning "not implemented" is compliant with POSIX specification, but does not make the implementation useful. Which is exactly the case of NT POSIX subsystem. Actually, HTC G1 runs Android 2.1 just fine. A little bit on the sluggish side, but fine. Somewhat. I know, it is not useful answer. Some things are faster (the browser, for example), but some are way slower (when launching apps, there is an uncomfortable delay, the phone app is also very slow, it can take up to one second to change state on the screen to correspond to the call state). I blame two things: a) "Sorry, the Nexus One phone is not available in your contry or region" message at google.com/phone, and b) when it is available, it is €599 or (€199 + €45/mo for two years). When I saw the ad, my first thought was "great, you get to keep it for yourself". Outside of enthusiasts, no one is going to get phone for 600 euros. > And the Droid doesn't have this problem? Yes, it does. But it is still more available than N1. > Except all the people that do? The original iPhone was this expensive and didn't even have 3G. And yet people bought them in droves. Original iPhone was $399 and $499. €599 is north of $800, thats more than 1/3 more expensive. And I also remember that the original iPhone was met with collective yawn on this side of pond and almost nobody bought unsubsidized. Chrome is also intel-only, so even if you were running 10.5 on your iBook, still tough luck with ppc. Desktop distributions do have single video codec API (gstreamer). But browsers are unlikely to use OS-provided libraries for anything downloaded over net, if they can avoid it. If there is a exploit found in third-party code, the browsers cannot work around it and they get the blame (remember the Firefox-on-Windows shell exploit?). Exactly, as a sysadmin, he should appreciate, that he is not solving buffer overflows all the time. Regarding the more work, as a sysadmin, it is his job to make the machines run the application. His salary and benefits are part of the cost using the higher level languages/additional computers. His rant could be taken as "lazy sysadmin" problem, while what he is ranting against was just costs/benefits decision. Sorry, I was inprecise. Of course sysadmins do not solve buffer overflows, they solve what happens when someone exploits one. I understand what you are saying, you see that the flight to the moon was done by something equivalent to C64 and today we are allow wasting orders of magnitude more computing power. What I'm trying to tell you, look at the whole picture. There is a cost associated with writing and maintaing software. That hand optimized assembly application is going to be more expensive (and take longer to deliver) than the Java/c#/whatever equivalent. There is another cost associated with purchasing and operating hardware (that includes paying sysadmins, for example). The business has to consider what is more effective, and usually HL language/more HW is the more efficient solution. What, more efficient, you say? We were talking about wasting the computer power. Yes, more efficient overall. We have a method for measuring wasting resources - money. You are going either waste some money on hardware/electricity/floor space/sysadmins, or programmers/time to deliver/managing larger team/managing recruiting and retaining competent programmers. Not only is the former cheaper, it is also easier to quantify and manage. It is no wonder, that you do not see companies taking the later approach. At the end, what most people do not understand (not only technical people, but most people) is that successful enterprise is not a 100% efficient one. There is going to be waste, but it must be in the right spot. Actually, conceptually it is similar to profiling, you don't optimize spots that do not matter in the big picture. And computing power does not matter for most business, it is a cheap resource. People, on the other hand, is not. It is not 9, but 7,5. And it is not in the bank, it is cash & equivalent (if they have it in the bank, the shareholders should be unhappy - the company does not know what to do with the money). They have also 26b in retained earnings. Do their shareholders get enough return on capital gain? (to answer myself: if you bought it 1 year ago, then yes; 2 years ago - no). Given that Webwise replaces original ads with ISP's ads, and the website gets exactly nada from any clicks, I'd say that it is pretty much website's business. He wanted to work for Microsoft, but they didn't employ him (to be fair, he was not US citizen and he didn't fulfil the H1-B requirements). After that, he started Gnome (complete with the CORBA-fiasco) and later Mono. Source available does not mean open source. The term "open-source" has a very specific definition. Singularity is not open-source, though its source is available. So was the Rotor, for example. what % of those industries have used Macs in the past? There's a reason for that. The Android tablets have advantages, that are only indirectly caused by open source. Having a lot more control over the software, hardware and not to be beholden to a single supplier is invaluable in industrial use. This is something I also don't understand. Many people were opposed to introducing DRM, TC etc into Windows and PCs by Microsoft, Intel & co. But when Apple comes and takes the trusted computing much further than the original TC alliance dared to go (they didn't even think about not allowing running unsigned executables or being the only entity with root certificate), it makes eveything allright? Makes me wonder what happened to thought process of techies during last years. How many another companies' browsers are there for iPhone/iPad? Exactly. And this is exactly how Android does it - you can spawn thread that will run in background, but it will be a "service" - UI-less part of your application. In addition, there are events notifying application that it is going to be "hybernated"; basically it tells it to save whatever information it needs to restore into current state. Actually, there is only one way the application can run in background: the "service". The "background slots" are implementation details. Applications do not receive the event "you are going to be killed, please serialize" the same moment they lose focus; they receive it at the system's discretion. The system decides based on memory available (mostly), whether it will leave some processes running or whether they will be "backgrounded" (basically, what is more economical - backgrounding processes all the time, when the user is switching between two apps, or just keep them both in memory?). To some extent, this is tunable by the power users - if they download "Dev Tools", they can set the limit to 1 - 4 processes (or unlimited). It is basically trade off between memory consumption and responsiveness. I repeat - this is not supposed to be setting for common users; it is just exposed for developers to experiment, what happens when they push the decision threshold in one direction or another. The system is supposed to have good default out of the box and manage the processes automatically (which is also reason, why there is no task manager). http://my.opera.com/community/countup/ In other words: no, you can not use it. It is verboten. Imagine what would happen, if Microsoft had veto over Lotus 123, Ami Pro, Netscape, Apache, Mozilla, etc. Really? Try HP Deskjet 6500 series with duplex module installed, connected to non-HP jetdirect. The only way to make it work on OSX is to install ghostscript and hpijs and then dive into cups internals. On Ubuntu, it works out of the box. How is that? In 2001/2002, the way to move your code base from Classic to OSX was Carbon, not Cocoa. The switch to Intel was another big porting project. Now, if they want to switch to x64, they will be also forced to switch from Carbon to Cocoa. So in few years, Adobe had to port their codebase several times to meet the OSX moving target. Actually, I'm suriprised they did it at all, considering the lack of transparency on Apple side. If you are asking Adobe to throw away any frameworks used, that were later duplicated by Apple in OSX, and port to Apple provided frameworks, you have no idea how the project of the Creative Suite size is managed and developed. You may port your little OSX-only utility fast, but not CS. Other big projects had similar problems - Microsoft Office? Alias|Wavefront (today Autodesk) Maya? They have similar pain points for the exactly same reason. The merger was finished this February, so they weren't in position to do this 7 months ago. Adobe is already shipping VP6 as a part of Flash Player, so VP8 should not be a problem. Maybe that is what Google will get for integrating Flash into Chrome, that made news few weeks ago. MS, Apple and Nokia will be harder nut to crack, because all three of them are patent owners in H.264 portfolio. Nokia may cave when Youtube switches, maybe even MS, but Apple users will have life slightly more difficult for a while. Apple and Nokia refused to support Theora, because they have vested interest in H.264 - they both are on the licensors side. Why would they support free codec, when they get cut from every license fee paid for the encumbered one? The argument used by both of them is just convenient excuse. What do you expect of them? To tell you what is in the above paragraph? Moblin _is_ Meego. Android is supported due to popular demand. Novel concept, right? Loading US firmware has issues - you are going to lose channels 12 and 13 (I found out the hard way - I bought an Airport card for Powerbook in US and had missing channels ever since). Au contraire, Ankh-Morpork is a very liberal city. Anyone can do whatever they like, provided they don't step on toes of someone organized - then it is up to them (the organized group) to clean up the competition using market forces. The are no bullshit rules and laws, just thought out recommendations to make the city run as well-oiled machine. Oh yes, the mimes. I guess the exception confirms the rule ;). To the Jobs list, add non-ObjC languages, VMs and everything that allows the proles to tarnish the things of beauty his company produces. Exactly. And when they are nicely concentrated under the .xxx TLD, they will be easier to filter, no pesky URL lists that are difficult (=expensive) to maintain. I have one more step: 1) Do not buy their products, 2) Do not develop on their platform, 3) Voice your opinion about products/platforms loudly (Apple should be actually happy about this, it allows them to know where they can improve). No, the problem is that nobody except Apple has private key, that can sign applications, so the iPhone will install them. Unless someone factors it (or find it in some way), it is going to stay this way. Have a look few threads above - Apple is the only party that can put appications on iPhone OS devices - it is not that others are unwilling to do so, but Apple locked them out and unless there is a breakthrough in asymetric cryptography, it is not going to change. The irony is that people from authoritarian countries are much more sensitive to censorship, propaganda and other totalitarian bullshit than average American. I noticed this as someone who was born and grew up behind iron curtain. Mea culpa, you are right. There is something like this: http://www.google.com/enterprise/marketplace/ They haven't bought them, because your numbers are wrong. Apple's entire current assets are 33 bilion; their cash & equivalent is 7,5 bilion. In other words, you are almost order of magnitude off. They still make market work the right way. Limited supply & higher demand -> price increase. They do not up market value (they up price). It is a side effect of artificial supply limit by the original vendor. If there is no artificial limit (tickets for example), it means that the price was too low in the first place and buyers are willing to pay more. Scalpers are market-based correction tool. Apple's Balance sheet: http://finapps.forbes.com/finapps/jsp/finance/compinfo/Finan... or http://www.google.com/finance?fstype=ii&q=nasdaq:aapl (click on Balance Sheet tab, cannot link directly). The figures I quoted were for 2009/12. There are now for 2010/03, with cash & equivalent 10 bil and current assets 32 bil. Total assets are 57 bil, current liabilities 12, total liabilities 17. Equity is 39.3 bil, but equity is not the same as "cash in the bank". Apple is well-managed company on the financial side, but let's not get ahead of ourselves and apply reality distortion field to business side too. They would not be able to do that, if there was no audience willing to buy it at 3x price. Just think about it: scalper buys all the tickets and tries to sell it for triple price. Nobody buys it. Concert starts, it is empty and the scalper end up with expired tickets in his hands. Does that happen? No, because people are willing to pay triple price. With HSDPA/HSUPA you can get 14.4 Mbps down and 5.76 Mbps up (under best conditions, of course). Yes, it is slower than state of art wired connection, but is the state of art wired connection available? Do you have 1.25 Gbps FTTH or 300 Mbps DSL available? Wired providers became complacent, but wireless didn't. They caught up with wired and offer extra convenience, usable everywhere, not just at home. Wired providers should be afraid, very afraid and do something to change the situation, fast. > In 2009, McAfee spent $839mn on SG&A and $325mn on R&D. Sure, the R&D number is less than SG&A, however: - SG&A number includes administrative expenses, paying rent for buildings, providing customer support etc. Building rentals, fixed assets depreciation, services and energies used can go to COGS (R&D) if it is possible to allocate them to specific cost center. If you have building (or part of it) dedicated to developers, it will go to their cost center & COGS. Similarly their equipment and other items. The SG&A part will have depreciations, rentals etc. only for sales & communication, IT, finance, HR, management and other support functions. Well, my point is, that R&D in their PL is not only cash out wages. It includes all other costs incurred by R&D. There is Flash content, that uses onmouseover. There is also HTML+JS content, that uses onmouseover. So what was the argument again? In both, Flash and HTML+JS, you can use onmouseover. You don't have to, it is option. So what makes the difference? Reminds me, how long it took Apple to move Finder and iTunes to Cocoa? (Answers for those that don't keep score: 10.6 and not yet). You have to remember, that Apple tried multiple rewrites of MacOS in 90' and OSX was yet another 'this time it will work out, I promise' project. If you were Adobe, would you bank your company on yet another promise? I know I wouldn't. You know, what draws most of the juice from the battery? 1) Radio, 2) Display. These two facts made VAST majority of non-technical users aware, that the more they use their gadget, the shorter the battery life is. Fortunately for them, Flash is pretty much interactive, it does not run in background and does not draw energy when the users thinks it is off. It is pretty easy for the users to comprehend that they were using flash and that's why the battery is empty. I would be surprised, if Adobe would be not on board during Google I/O announcement. It was announced that Google is going to tightly integrate Flash with Chrome, support Flash in Android and ChromeOS... so what they would get in exchange for that? VP8 support in Flash would be one thing. Apple had several failed attempts to establish new APIs/OSes in 90's (OpenDoc, Taligent). Why would anyone rational believe, that another project (OSX) is going to be success? So during introduction of OSX, Apple had to include Carbon there, if they wanted to have ISV support for their new OS. Nobody was going to put significant effort to port entire codebase for new, unproved OS+frameworks+language put out by someone who has history of failures. And do not forget, that Adobe CS is much larger project than Finder, iTunes and Quicktime together. Apple is not only licensee, but also licensor. Every time you license H.264 (or something other from MPEG-4 pool), a cut goes to Apple (also to Microsoft and Nokia). Yes, there is ( http://www.adobe.com/devnet/swf/ ). It is even available gratis (H.264 specification is not). "Systems" is mp4 container. Did you mean MPEG-4 Part 2 (Advanced Simple Profile)? I stand corrected, thanks. He probably means H.264 profiles. iPhone (and Android phones) can decode only certain profiles (Baseline), and up to certain levels (depending on resolution). Even hardware assisted decoding with PC graphics cards can accelerate only up to certain level (usually high@4.1, but some nvidias can decode high@5). The rest is more complex than hardware assisted decoders are able to decode and pure software codec has to be used. IPhone does not support high profile by any stretch of imagination. Why don't you go and check Apple documentation? There's a technote for that. Or just try playing high@ video on iphone. Actually, it is based on a draft h.263, not the final h.263. One of the older flash specification did document it. The svq3 specification was removed from swf specs around time it was made available under more liberal license (Sorenson probably didn't agree with wider specs availability). Apple won't support open formats, even if they are technically superior to encumbered ones. For example, see Vorbis and FLAC support in Quicktime. Sigh, once again: http://www.mpegla.com/main/programs/AVC/Pages/FAQ.aspx Q: Are all AVC essential patents included? A: No assurance is or can be made that the License includes every essential patent. The purpose of the License is to offer a convenient licensing alternative to everyone on the same terms and to include as much essential intellectual property as possible for their convenience. Participation in the License is voluntary on the part of essential patent holders, however. Short version: There is no guarantee there will be no troll. No, they won't fight for you, it is your problem. I got ADP1 shipped to Austria and it was €390 at the time (phone + s&h + duties + vat). From what I remember, the most expensive shipment at that time was to... Canada. Why the downvotes? Rmc is right. Go to Apple store, take a look at any Apple product and see for yourself. For example, the 13" 2.4 GHz MBP is 1200 USD in US. In Europe, it is cca 1050 EUR _without_ VAT (cca 1250 EUR with VAT), which makes it around 1350 USD (and 1600 USD with VAT!). Nice 10% pre-tax price increase. You are overestimating how mainstream cares for new models. iPhone is (or at least was) status symbol and personal toy, people don't care much for technical specification or hardware generations. For example, see how well 3G was selling after 3GS was introduced. It continued to sell well outside US too. I still don't understand, what is the problem with tethering. Where I live, the operators don't care about it. Even the lowest-end phones support it. As far as I remember, I never owned a phone that didn't support it (the oldest as a modem on serial port and CSD/GPRS speeds). So what is so special on some smartphones, that it causes problems? As far as I remember, 3G phones (both feature and smart) always supported tethering, whether over USB (CDC ACM, CDC ECM, RNDIS) or Bluetooth (DUN or PAN). Currently yes, I pay flat fee per month, however, my plan is speed-limited. For the high-speed plans, there is always stated data limit. If you want to transfer more bits, like movies or sync big folder mentioned above, it is cheaper to use fixed connection (unlimited at commonly achievable 40 Mbps FTTH is about the same price as 20 GB over theoretical 14.4 Mpbs HSDPA; about 24 EUR/mo, both by the same provider [Orange]). But still, if you want just few GBs per month, do not need fixed connection, why would be the provider bothered by tethering? Browsing and mailing is still more comfortable with laptop, than phone. They sell differently priced plans for datacards and phones? That would make sense. Here they sell just data plans. Whether you use dedicated modem or have the plan on your voice SIM, it is your problem. Some operators allow to share the data quota among multiple SIMs, so you can have both. Because the price is same, so there is nothing to cannibalize. Well, she won't have problem finding the printer on the device, that can not print. Nexus One is almost identical to HTC Desire (differs in RAM amount, dual-mic on N1 and different firmware). Both are GSM/UMTS phones. HTC Incredible is CDMA (Verizon) phone. Unsubsidized Nexus One from Google = 600 EUR. Unsubsidized HTC Desire from local brick and mortar store = 400 EUR. So I guess that the opinion 'Google drastically overpriced the phone.' is still valid. Just like Apple can design their product in any way they want, all these hackers and programmers and creative business types can complain all they want. But because they complain, does not mean they want to get into hardware business. So just like the advice "if you do not like the devices, buy something else" is valid, so is "if you do not like hearing critique, grow a thicker skin". We are (mostly) from free countries, with freedom of expression and all that jazz. This is not a problem on Android. In Android, application is not equal to process. Application may start in one process, the process may get killed when the application is backgrounded, and later the application continues in another process, where it is restored. http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals.html#... On the other hand, Apple had to release WebKit, due to KHTML license (the same for CUPS). Other Apple open source software has exactly zero adoption outside OSX, which is also a reason why they are open source. Apple knew they will be not adopted. It is similar to Android in the sense, that it works using the same principles. It is not similar in the sense, that on iPhone you have some specific usage scenarios you can use with multitasking. On Android, it is open-ended, you can multitask for any reason you come up. Of course they published the specification in 80's, it would be difficult to do anything without it, as PostScript is programming language (for a specific niche, but Turing complete). What they didn't publish at the time was Type1, as they wanted to be the gatekeeper for publishing T1 fonts (see similarity to Apple?). It didn't take long and T1 was reverse engineered, despite the obfuscation. Not a link, just what I remember. You are welcome to Google it ;). At the time, PostScript documents could use Type1 and Type3 fonts. Type3 fonts were basically bitmaps, anyone could create one. Type1 fonts were entirely different matter - they were nice outline fonts and there wasn't anything similar. The problem was, that Adobe didn't publish specification how to create such fonts. They wanted everyone wishing to publish a font to go through them (for a fee, of course; I cannot help myself but it reminds me Apple and their App Store). In the end, it didn't work. Microsoft and Apple joined and created TrueType. The Type1 format was reverse engineered. Later Adobe capitulated and joined MS with Apple to create OpenType, which is open and is superset of both T1 and TT. At the time, Win32s/Win32 was definitely easier to develop for than MacOS classic. While Win16 was definitely very similar to MacOS classic, Win32 brought better multitasking and memory management, so developers could tell good bye to memory handles and locking/unlocking them. The tools for Win32 development were also better. There was a range of compilers and IDEs you could choose from (not only Microsoft, but also Borland or Watcom). For MacOS, you had the terrible Apple tools or Codewarrior kit. Note that the apps that were created on PC, never crossed to Mac (e.g. AutoCAD or 3D Studio). I'm not saying that PC market share was not primary motivator, but at the time, PCs were technically better. That hard to believe, as MP3 was standardized in 1989. Didn't you mean AAC? You don't get that close to baseband. Radio stack runs on separate core (as is the case for every smartphone) and you communicate via shared memory. You get complete control of the applications core, but not close enough to PPL or SPL, so it will be difficult to flash custom radio without having the right keys. Flash is not only video. Canvas+JS is not accelerated on mobile devices. Sadly no, because decoding is offloaded to dedicated hardware. Heck, WD TV (v1) still does not support DTS, although hardware is able to decode it. Read the webm license. If you launch or join attack against VP8, either directly or by proxy, for next 20 years (or however long it takes to VP8 patents to expire) you cannot ship anything that wants to play VP8 video. For most H.264 patent holders (not MPEG-LA, think Hitachi, LG, Panasonic, Samsung, Sony, Toshiba...) that could be a problem, if VP8 is successful. Would you want to be CE producer and unable to play Youtube? Eclair is so good, that I can not switch to iPhone, even if I was paid to do so. Froyo just increases the advantage. It uses SyncML. And you can't simulate it, because hostnames are hardcoded and you'd have a problem getting SSL cert for domain you don't own. It is XMPP client, even if used server-side. You still need XMPP server to talk to (ejabberd for example). Care to elaborate? Even if a vendor uses custom skin, it does not mean that applications are inconsistent. You have to actively work around to look and behave out of place. Because competition is. Being closed source plus the half-hearted job and lip service to support means bad experience for users. And users are not masochists, so they will use whatever works better. In this case, Transmission. > I'm happy to report my iphone is entirely free from carriers control. Then you are mistaken. All settings under "carrier profile" (for example, enable tethering is there) cannot be set by you, the owner. They can be only imported using settings file signed by the carrier. > Erm... yeah? It's a google soft... If you were paying attention, exclusive features for own products is Apple tactics, not Googles. Actually, there were people asking why Google bothers with Maps and Voice for iPhone (i.e. why it is helping iPhone at expense of Android). If you know the answer why, you already know why Google doesn't play platform favorites. > Always been available on the iPhone, you can do whatever you want while taking a call. With iOS 4, users will be able to do even more. "Taking a call" is an example, an placeholder for X. You can say "use free turn-by-turn navigation all while chatting through Talk" or "use free turn-by-turn navigation all while tracking my progress using My Tracks" or "use free turn-by-turn navigation all while staring at Google Sky". The X is anything, not just specific vendor supplied apps (or in OS4, vendor approved activities). Apple's material and build quality are the same, as any other vendor in the same price category. I have yet to own an Apple product, that does not need to be serviced during warranty. This is something I always wondered. How can you add extra s&h and sg&a? This stuff goes from Asia, you ship it either to US or to UK (or whereever). You don't ship it from Asia to US and then to UK. The shipping should be about the same to US and UK. Similarly with sg&a. The US operations does not have it already included in price? Or the UK (EU, whatever) customers pay for that twice? Apple doesn't exactly care where your traffic goes. What do you think happens with your email, instant messaging, SIP/ Skype/Facetime calls? Get Cyanogenmod 5.0.7. It is Eclair for Dream (ADP1 included) and Magic. With all respect, all the guilt for this word belongs to Austrians :). Video calls are available in any UMTS network (read 3G, without any extension) since they were deployed (i.e. early 2000). They do not involve any setup, just selecting "video call" instead of "audio call" when choosing contact and the phone number. To this day, any 3G phone with front-faced camera does support it. Despite this, the adoption is near zero. I remember that I tried it once, just for the novelty and have quickly forgotten about it. Most people didn't even try it, despite the ad campaign by mobile companies. So what makes you think, that when Apple comes with some features decades later, with many more limitations and complications (Am I on the wifi? Does the contact have iPhone? What it was called? Face-what?), that it will be more popular than zero-setup and seamless compatibility in billions of Nokias, Sony-Ericssons, Samsungs and LGs already shipped and used daily? To make your comparison more precise: Apple gives you a fixed set of functions that you can pass to map(). Other OSes give you chance to write your own functions that you will be able to pass to built-in map. Sorry, but your argument just supports mine. It is basically: what do you want? This or that supplied function covers your need, you can pass it. Sorry, you can't make yours, what would you possibly want? Honestly? I don't know right now. Maybe I will have earth-shattering idea next week or month, but I don't know right now. The point is, the original authors of map didn't try to envision what you are going to use map for, and provide enum for choosing an appropriate action. They allowed you to pass any function you want, doing whatever you want. For example, when speaking about Android, the framework contains class that handles things like managing threads for you. You just plug-in the required functionality, just like you pass your function to built-in map. The boilerplate that you are arguing against is simply not there. Just like with map you know, that "this function will be applied for every item in set" or with filter you know "you will get new set containing items from original set for which the supplied predicate is true", you know that "this functionality will run in background". The accidental complexity of managing it is hidden; the functionality allowed is not fixed. That's because in this part of world, the "provincial lords" are the police and local government. Irony is, that it works with competitor's chips (Intel), but not with their own (AMD). No need to patch Android. This is a "feature" of Google Market and it works only with apps installed via Market. If you installed your apk manually, it will not touch it. Are you comparing ubuntu running in vmware to native win7/osx? Then yes, you might come to this conclusion. Try comparing native/native or virtualized/virtualized. The vmware and virtualbox drivers lack many functions that are used in native-running ubuntu or windows, for that matter. Why do people mix SG&A into COGS discussion? We are talking gross margin here, not net profit. Yes, throw away everything you know every now and then, instead of building knowledge on top of knowledge. That will get you far, right? You are overestimating the power of Apple. If Youtube uses native webm, with flash fallback for browsers that do not support webm and native application with low-resolution for iPhone (i.e. status quo on iOS), where do you see the problem? Apple will have to provide a very good reason why they are sole platform vendor refusing to support webm in any way. Nobody said it is unique to flash. The original reasoning was, that without RTMPE they would be unable to provide such content. Well, at least for me, they are still unable provide such content, so from my POV this argument could be removed from debate and nothing would change. You know that you can install apps on E:, right? Then they changed something. I had several Symbian phones (6260, 6120c) and the free space on C: was always somewhat constant. I installed most of the stuff on E:. During my use of the phones, I never had to reset or wipe them. Of course, I switched to Android. I would argue that the major selling point for selling any phone (smart or feature) is to use the "phone" part. Everything else comes second. To assess the value of the business you would have to look into finacial statements. You are incorporated, after all, but I suppose you don't have many assets and liabilities (I might be wrong though). Revenues do not say much, you must subtract costs of running the business. To do that, you must also decide, what is your wage (or what would cost to hire someone to do your job) and what will be left as the profit. To simplify, the value of your business is present value of future profits. Your theory nicely rationalizes the removal. Except that "eyePhone" is mentioned several times in the episode and it was not the problem. The problem was showing the zombies and the following announcement: - "Introducing the all new eyePhone 2.0." - (the mob) "Yeah!" Little bird tells me that painting "Momcorp" (with logo similar to Apple, with store similar to Apple, you get the point) users as mindless zombies ready to buy anything was the problem. The red thing on Thinkpads is called trackpoint (or clit, for simplicity). Trackballs are entirely different animals, it is a ball that you move (if you remember old ball mouses, it is basically ball mouse turned on its back, with bigger ball). This post was brought to you by Thinkpad, with trackpoint as a sole pointing device ;). It actually uses PTP protocol for transferring photos. Once upon time I was trying to get data out of iPhone, that was paired to iTunes on a harddrive that went into the big bucket in the sky. To my surprise, connecting it to the Ubuntu box allowed me to copy out all the data I cared for, without any wonky iTunes. But I agree with you, having microSD or at least USB mass storage is much better. Mac OS breaks compatibility too, so there is nothing that could be better than on Linux side. Actually, if you really care, you can still run a.out and glibc5 ELF userland binaries on Linux. On the other side, any m68k or ppc for classic apps are no-go on OSX, as well as some ppc-for-osx. Also for third party drivers, you need version for specific OSX point release, they are not generally very compatible. There are also entire classes of hardware that are unusable on OSX, period. (I remember wasting particularly lot of time on trying to get IrDA run on OSX with a little bit more than just IRCOMM. On Linux, it worked out of the box.) I would add more points: - availability: Apple's presence in Eastern Europe and China is spotty. Plus the value added services do not work (cannot buy from iTunes Store? What's the integration of Apple stack good for, if you can't use it?). This point was partially addressed in the article, that Apple is planning to open new stores in China. - pricing: They also use strange exchange rate for their prices. It is cheaper to fly to New York, have a weekend in nice hotel, purchase a Mac and fly home, than just purchase it at home. Western Europe has similar problem - at the time, when 1 EUR = 1.5 USD, Apple used 1:1 exchange ratio. WTF? - service: it is bad, really bad. When something breaks and you need your Apple product fixed, you don't want to wait for weeks until they bother to do. On the other hand, the competition tries hard, I have experience of having my stuff fixed NBD (no, I didn't purchase NBD service). Regarding the MS Office - they are not the same. MSO2007 for Windows is better than MSO2008 for Mac. Not only it is significantly faster, but also has more functionality. So when it comes down to decision, whether you want to look at aqua widgets or have solver available, it comes down to getting your job done. They are usually not installed by default (unless something pulls them as a dependency - can happen for perl or python, but definitely not lisp/erlang/forth... by default) and they are installed separately. The situation is exactly what you ask for - they are available for separate install, right there in distribution repository. You can also choose - either too many subpackages, or overspecified on dependencies. You can not have both, for obvious reasons. Wrt gems/easy_install/whatever, do you realize that these language specific systems are broken by design and interoperating with them is not exactly easy? Oh, so you probably missed the discussion between Debian and Rails two years ago. Have look there: http://pkg-ruby-extras.alioth.debian.org/rubygems.html http://pkg-ruby-extras.alioth.debian.org/upstream-devs.html The second link describes what is wrong with gems-only approach. See also links at the bottom of the first page. It not just "using cloud features of Google Accounts". On Android, you _don't sync_. You just add new contact to your phone and in few seconds, it is in the cloud. Or add contact through web interface and in few seconds, it is in your phone. When you start using it, you stop worrying about where did you put your contact and whether you synced it. It is just everywhere applicable, automatically. Google won't do phone retailing. (Honestly? No wonder, they are exceptionaly bad at it). That does not mean that there will be no developer phone. N1 was actually third developer phone (after ADP1 and ADP2). There surely will be fourth. I don't know what specific chip is used on Droid, but I remember that on Qualcomm chipsets you cannot change primary program loader at all (it is in the chip ROM) and after the fuse is blown in handset factory, the primary program loader checks, whether the secondary program loader is signed and refuses to load it, when the check fails. So it really depends on SPL, what it allows to load and run. If it is strict in what it does, case is closed, buy something else. Milestone was never an option. It is not just GSM version of Droid, it is also pretty much locked down. While it was rooted, there is still no way to put custom firmware on it. Pretty much like Droid X. Not every edition supports BitLocker. Professional for example does not. The required permissions are listed specificaly by app developer, so no, there is no code analysis. However, during app runtime, only those listed capabalities are provided to app. If the app tried to use something else, it would get exception. Short of bug in the platform, there is no way getting around.