I think it is interesting to hear from the other side of the fence every so often, but the proposed plan is sub-optimal. I would like to suggest what I think is a better model. The "Sampo solution" to licensing (each foundry holds a page listing which domains are allowed to use a font) is frankly unworkable. Imagine if helvetica was licensed this way - on every web page more or less. Every time a browser visited a new domain it would need to download a very big file from a foundry website (there are how many domains? What does a ten million line file cost to download on a mobile?). And what about the TTL for that list, make it a week and every browser around the world needs to download it all again. Even Google would sag under that kind of load. The first idea that comes to mind is to just replace the "root table" with a y/n call - here is my webpage, here is the font name, can i use it. This does not really solve the problem - it reduces traffic sure, but the issue is that if i visit domain x I automatically need to visit another domain, that may or may not be available. Its inelegant, its inefficient and its insecure. The web would effectively 'not work' if a big foundry said 'no to all'. And that is a big ransom demand to put in anyones hands. And I strongly suspect there is a really powerful cross-site scripting vulnerability sitting in there. It also works against the foundries - the solution decides the licensing. There is just one kind of license - per domain. No sophistication, no negotiation. What if you only want to license your font for my mobile readers. What if you want to license it for the first 100,000 views for free as a taster, then stick it to me. What if everyone hosted on rackspace servers gets it. The technology should limit the business options as little as possible. Ok, what do you suggest then ? I prefer a slightly more network-friendly solution. There are not that many foundries (certainly orders of magnitude less than domains) so it is quite feasible for them all to put public root certificates in browsers, or at worst run shared CAs. The technology is already there for SSL. Then each website who wants to license a .wtf (great name!) file pays their money and gets a signed (hashed) license file which sits next to robots.txt. The browser downloads the web page, the font and then decrypts the license file with the known public key. The license file is then located where it should be, on the site with the font, and we can trust the license file is genuine. If its out of date thats the webmasters problem. The license file could hold - domains allowed - servers / ips allowed - license type - an extensible other data section. The license type would need to be pre-agreed with the browsers, the first obvious one is per domain. But any number of types (lets say one byte or 255) could be invented as the browser manufacturers and foundries talk. This solution has a lot more going for it. We avoid the horrors of mass file downloads, of out of date caches causing havoc and of finding that we put the entire web under the control of one small group of font designers.(I am sure they are lovely people each and every one, in fact thats why i dont want to do it. Imagine the stress of avoiding that temptation, lets not put them through it, the dears.) It also follows the same approach as has been proven to work with ssl for a dozen years, and reuses technology instead of inventing it. The downsides - well font designers are asking web browser manufacturers to enforce their copyright. If they get it, the exact same approach can be used for, well anything. If youtube has not got right license file, no playing. Seems like a can of worms to me, and I suspect I would not want to do it if I were Apple or Mozilla. Anyway, my two cents. [edit:removed a comment that might be a bit flame-y] This actually made some sense for me. Yes it did start to read like sarcasm, but no-one (and no company) can ever be brilliant at everything . Trying to do everything perfectly will lead to burn out, but leaving some things badly done will leave you exposed. What I took from the article was to be mediocre in almost everything you do is a sustainable approach - want to take payments, use paypal, sales and marketing? Adwords, some PR puffs and a voip number. Mediocre still means a job is done and to an acceptable standard. If it is quick and dirty, it is a lot better than not done at all. As long as you do one thing better than mediocre, and everything else is covered, you stand a chance. But yes, there is a lot of judgement between 'this quick and dirty is an acceptable mediocre' and 'this quick and dirty is worse than nothing'. Voting is like innoculation. I do not merely vote for a 'mainstream' candidate to ensure that my choice gets in. I also vote so that 'extreme' candidates are excluded. A vote for a mainstream candidate is an innoculation for society against extremist diseases. It is vanishingly unlikely that my vote will be at the exact tipping point, ie a hanging chad county in Florida. It is also unlikely that my innoculation against killer flu will be the one innocluation that stops the spread of the virus. But from society's point of view it does not matter - the more who are innoculated, the safer society is. Similarly, the more people who vote the more candidates need to pander to the mainstream opinion, not the extremist. In general we become safer. This all breaks down if mainstream opinion is actually 'wrong'. But thats a different issue. PS Here in the UK the fascist BNP have got two MEPs and will be controversially appearing on a wellknown politics talk show. Innoculations need to be kept up. the "Art of Operations" suggests a book or similar that you are referring to - is there one, or am I reading too much into some double quotes? http://www.csoonline.com/article/print/329164 This is an old article but compares the actions against the Barbary Pirates (US Navy used force to ensure Free Trade) with what US could do with Internet 'piracy' - and no thats not copying CDs. Bug Trackers also play an important prioritisation role - a central location to decide what work is most important right now. If we wrote only unit tests, pretty soon someone would hack up a system to take the names of the tests, and put them in a list. It would be called testzilla. marvellous! Gold measured in Seawater in 1990 - "just 1 gram of gold for every 100 million tonnes of sea water (Earth and Planetary Science Letters, vol 98, p 208)." http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg12717242.800-science-g... cperciva, thank you for clarifying what I should have put in there in the first place. Anyway, this seems a good overview and is not wildly out with the other literature afaik. http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=LbTDLa_2opsC&pg=PA26&... so, 130m tons of salt is supported, 6m tons of magnesium, but 1 ton of silver and 0.02 tons of gold, and commercial extraction seems limited to salt (obviously) magnesium and bromine. I suspect someone quoted the "boring" elements accurately and then upvoted the "fun" elements for you. Wow. It is utterly incredible what an election you are likely to lose will prompt politicians to promise. Over here the election has begun in earnest, with the big guns coming out in just one day to promise big new initiatives - from a industrial strategy for green energy and biotech, to UK Space Agency to Semantic Web-enabled government departments. Some of this is aiming in the right direction, like releasing OS maps, broadband for digital poor and access to government processes online. But some of this terrifies me - "allowing users of government services to identify themselves simply and definitively" sounds like an ID card online. I love that Gordon has been listening to some of the right people. I am scared that my government is going to try and go online when they support things like the Digital Economy Bill copyright sections. Whoever wrote this speech did not do the policy work on clause 17. roll on may 6th (I did a similar calc and from memory it was) 1mile ~ 1.6km 1cubic mile = 1600 * 1600 * 1600 m3 ~ 4.1 bn m3 1m3 = 1000 ltrs & 1 ltr (pure water) = 1kg so 1m3 ~ 1 ton 1cubic mile ~ 4.1 bn tons so 1g / 100m tons ~ 41 grams per cubic mile The 41/47 is probably a better weight for seawater than my 1kg/ltr. [redacted till I finish reading what I should have read in first place] I agree about type 5 (the TODO comment) but I also think there is a lot of value in type 4. I would not call it "lifestory" but "business reasoning". Far too often one can visit code and think - I know what it does, but why does the business want that to happen? With comments like that the origin of the request is now obvious. And as we are all being Agile-y now and no-one writes down business requirements anymore, type 4 might just save your ass. I think luu is underestimating Mr Dijkstra - this one essay has more nuggets than Mcdonalds... I prefer to describe it the other way round: the program is an abstract symbol manipulator, which can be turned into a concrete one by supplying a computer to it. if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as "lines produced" but as "lines spent" As economics is known as "The Miserable Science", software engineering should be known as "The Doomed Discipline" and so on. You can happily read most of the current problems we face in the Doomed Discipline laid out 30 years ago. In the end, reading honest thinking from people orders more intelligent than yourself always inspires something. @gojomo thanks that looks really useful. @willvarfar - yeah, that's a bit beyond even my liberal bleeding heart. Homelessness has always been this background hum, but specific "how do you get a bed" questions have not been something I have ever asked before. It's surprising me. @mkramlich - I did realise it was v off topic but I wanted advice from a community that has a lot of clever and thoughtful people ... and HN ;-) I was thinking something like c1sc0 suggested - there are times when I would like to hand over a voucher for a bed for a night rather than cash. But I also understand such voucher schemes can do more harm than good. Something like pay this website, get a pdf with a random number on it. That number can be redeemed against your payment by the hostel. It is probably something that needs sponsoring by the council / govt / Shelter, but might not sit well with their policy / experience. I'll have a look-see. So it seems the advice boils down to * will the "system" help? Is there a reason she is not treated on NHS / RBKC housing her? * As an emergency measure take a call if they are genuine and if so try and pay for hostel for a few nights. I'll let you know. Lastly is editing my own post a time limited offer? I wanted to clean up that markup crud - I think my iPhone hates me. That was college surely? :-) The wikipedia page notes that moving the experiment out of Yale into a local office building dropped the 450v obedience to 48% but "was not statistically significant" it seems hugely significant - nearly 50% reduction. Does anyone know why it's not considered significant ? Is it just me, or if you are studying the "extreamly-intelligent" as in the image halfway down, its best to learn how to spell extremely. And the rules on hypenation. Could not agree more. You have a dying product, not a dying business or bad employees. Level with your employees (who probably already know this is a dying product) - and then set a revitalising target - Build in the next two months at least two online profitable (cash positive) services. Which ones? Ask your employees now, and over next few weeks ask your customers. They have pain points that clearly are being better met elsewhere, but when someone credible asks what pain can I solve, most people reply seriously. to summarise, JFDI. Kill everyone is certainly not the only option nor the most likely reason for scrambling. Any commander will value eyes on the ground as high quality intelligence, and in this situation a calm professional pilot obsrving the cockpit will be useful, even if the airforce don't have gizmos for listening in, videoing etc so, no, reaching for a gun might mean you just want to look down the sight to see more. My challenge is taking client who can barely release twice a year, with manual testing, and getting them on the path to daily builds, let alone this level of control over ones environment. It gives me an insight into how it must have felt being proud spear wielding warriors seeing "Gatling" stenciled on the side of a large wooden box. The big question is why the structure of the IT department lent itself to doing something so stupid You can fire the CIO, you can replace the offshore developers with onshore, or vice versa, but experience says it won't matter. I looked in amazement at googletesting's dependancy graph test suites yesterday, and realised that the playing field is not flat at all. Reading and writing code is the literacy of the 21st C. And the end most big companies are like newspapers owned and managed by illiterates. It does not matter how you rearrange the strucutre or the hierarchy, when the chips are down decisions will be made on what the illiterate management understand is the best way to work. As such it is infinitely unlikely that the decision then will be set up to support what a literate person would decide. Until a generation of coders grows up, or all illiterate companies go bankrupt, this will merely be one of a myriad of pathologies exhibited by large companies run by the illiterate. >>> Today software development might as well be magic. There are no reliable objective methods for determining developer or software quality. The only method that's proven to work well is the subjective judgment of another "magician". Try replacing software development with writing english. I am going to stop banging on about this eventually, but reading and writing code is something that needs to be understood at all levels of a company before that company gets good at it. If the boss of the company and everyone who reports to him is illiterate, one cannot expect the memos and the policy documents and the amusing posters to be of any decent quality Forgive the dumb question but what do you mean by a working set? Is this the part of index that covers the shard that server is on? Or is your domain such that you only care about most recent records - for my part it's rare that a table has records I will not want to see and so can be in the non ram part of index? I think a reread of the op suggests that only a subset of data and indexes are in ram - but my question still stands but slightly differently phrased - are you saying best practises is shard your dbase and place shards in ram in as many servers as needed? A Python company just outside the city, whose name escapes me right now, was doing very well with a web based excel. Most/many hedge funds manage billions of dollars on the back of very complicated excel spreadsheets, mostly because the "talent" understand excel and can bend it to their needs. But auditing these things is an utter nightmare, which version was used to lose a million here or a million there. Is it still on bobs laptop? How can I reuse code? By providing a excel like front end and a centralised, versionable, auditable back end, they got a lot of interest going. The space is still very wide afaik, but I have been out of the City for some years now. (In fact you could take a similar approach to any CFO's office) Jane Street is very unusual in having such an advanced technology management set up (IIRR OCaml, directors review the code before production etc etc) I think the most fascinating fact was the speed of turnaround. This has been just on the radar of UK reporting for some years, with newspaper investigations and TV documentaries digging into the first and so far only convictions and doing everything but saying "And there is no way this was limited to only one reporter" But no-one cared enough to turn it into action. Then suddenly a court had evidence "someone" had deleted voicemails from a kidnap/rape/murder of a 13yr old. Within hours everyone from the PM down had hung them out to dry. Overstepping the line is a herd instinct. I heard it on radio and just said "someone has to go to jail". I am just wondering if Murdoch's lawyers are saying "It could be you" If @WalterGR above is correct, then changes to your site will only help when panda is rerun between one bot visit and the next (ie it's a batch process not a constantly evolved ranking). If that's true then an awful lot of sites I have heard about may have been wasting time SEO'ing for nothing. (most obvious is serverfault) Does anyone know if it really is an infrequent labelling run or an algoithm change and or it's run frequency? Edit: reference to waltergr added correctly Is it just me or does this smack of security by obscurity - as long as the great firewall of China/Iran/Whomever does not recognise the packets are hiding the real destination in their headers, then they will let the packets pass and anonymous surfing can continue. But somehow the telex station does, without initially decrypting every packet. So I guess the arms race will be a short one as whatever telex uses as a decrypt me signal will be replicated. Unfortunately, and rather ironically, my client's proxy is blocking telex.cc so I cannot read any details on the steganography. 5. Say yes ... No! SAying yes is an implicit delivery promise. You will either break yourself (budget over runs, massive stress) trying to deliver, and/or you fail and your reputation suffers If you have done it once already and know how much effort it will be - say yes and quote If you have never done it before, say "I have never done it before" but for a small hourly fee I will implement a prototype. If you like it we can talk full project, but if not, or if I cannot make it work, then I just keep small fee as R&D. The customer then has more choices / options which is usually appreciated Dont lie to customers. And saying yes without saying "I've never done i before" is lying. Posession with intent to distribute is an actual statutory crime (written explicitly to make prosecution easier for the cops) There is no generalised "intent to" law, there would need to be an actual seperate crime of posession with intent to distribute academic articles. So "mens rea" is not enough to convict without action unless there is a specific exception. And in general even the police try not to rely on the intent laws - which is why bank robbers get nicked after robbing the bank, and why we have such convoluted anti terrorist laws. I am concerned by the tendancy to throw everything into one in-process model. (by in-process I mean that we are calling a ruby function calculatePrice in the same model / whatever instead of calling out to a web api and getting back a price) It's usually cleaner to think about web service calls - not put everything into same model even though you can cleanly seperate functions within a single model the tendancy to make an inprocess call not an api call is always high. So removethe tempation. Have a thin model, a thin view and a thin controller all doing just one (rest-ful) thing and call between them the overhead in creating objects from passed in Json is far lower the trying to unstitch logins, transactions, funny bits of business logic from one monolithic model (not that I am saying you would end up with a monolithic piece of spagetti but I have seen some indark corners of the enterprise world, even in projects which have all the right buzzwords) Surely Digest Auth is a UI ontop of HTTP authentication? The browser does the work - there is absolutely no need for millions of hand rolled web login forms. I will second (or apparently 338th) this. I was in a similar position to you - and it took me 5-6 years to get back from being so broke I literally could not pay the admin fee for bankruptcy, to charging 1000 dollars a day. It was not a smooth road, nor an easy one, but it is a road many of us have travelled and we can let you know about some of the worst potholes. You are in the right profession, and you have the balls to take a leap like that while still in your teens. The history of entreprenuers say the odds are actually in your favour, even if it does not feel like it. Just to let you know, at my lowest point, after months of failed "proper" job hunting, my wife told me to get out the house and get a job stacking shelves at the local supermarket. A week later I was in the freezer section, stacking sausages. It did not last long but it was the turn around I needed. Don't worry about the "high status" jobs - take any job and work up. And Remember the wise words of Kipling - to take both Triumph and Disaster and treat those two imposters both the same. Good luck, keep posting Agree completely with Adamj here - put versioning in the headers. And to be honest, the advice here implies you can as a newbie product manager design a rest api without a hardcore (presumably experienced) rest developer - and throw it over the wall to the developers (who will thank you). I cannot ever imagine that working. Some recent posts on why no-one gets rest (to be looked up) are much more useful, but even so I have not yet found a good guide to rest style - even the oreilly book was disappointing. The trade off lies in the amount of effort marco will spend trying to learn Outlook, understand which resource on the web is wrong, misguided, lying or just out of date, and the level of frustration his (father-in-law?) can bear, as opposed to say, going for a drink and a walk on Thanksgiving. At a certain point just saying I dont know how gives the other person a data point on how much effort their choices will involve. I have wasted days before now trying tofix things I should have simply said "I don't know - its R&D from here on in, these are my rates" The main point to me is we still insist on this being engineering as opposed to creative writing. No-one sets out the specifications for a novel, or even a marketing report. Why copyright / piracy? I understand that Hollywood and other IP owners spend more, have better lawyers and lobbyists, but really, I no longer believe the idea that across the Western world, legislators are all coming round to the idea that they must somehow protect the status quo of music / film production. This is feeling more and more like an excuse. And if it is an excuse, then finding the underlying concern / reasons that drive these laws is important What do you think is driving legislators fears? Is it a need to somehow get this internet thing under "our" control. Is it a form of parochialism - we dont want this foreign sites coming into our country (be that sex.ru or facebook) Err, just a small comment. Crime Boss. Crime Boss. How many people has he killed, either personally or by order. Did those murders, leg breakings or threats help scale his business in the early days. Is this an approach patio11 should use? #justaskin There is a worrying undercurrent of self sufficency worked for me, it should work for everyone in many us style right of centre commentary these days. I understand it's heart felt but - most jobs don't pay enough to save. The average blue collar wage in US has not moved in nearly 30 years in dollar terms. - most people (it seems) who push this view come from states that have lots of space few people and net inflowss of cash from the rest of the us. In other words saying everyone should Save is a good idea but like saying everyone should be thin, we don't live in bodies or society adapted to make that happpen and it's not clear how to get there I would suggest that the capittal cost vs marginal cost is the wrong argument. Yes, its correct but the marginal cost of a single photo is soooo low you will never make any money back (expect perhaps with massively popular photos and very good DRM systems) ANd this approach does need a DRM and all the attendant (SOPA?) legal framework The article does mention the solution "You would not expect your writers to work for free" No - but writers work for commission. If you went out without any commission and took the photo, then you dont get paid for the photo. If a beach front hotel wanted a nice shot for its website and paid you 200USD to go do it, then you got paidf - and any extra resell value you make is a bonus So, if you are in an industry where your work can be reproduced at near zero margins, you get paid in commission of the initial creation - not the ongoing rights sales. Some ancillary benefits may acrue (credit) As someone who gets paid to write code, and also writes code for free (OSS), this difference is clear - and to be fair it is clear also to Madonna (couple of years ago she gave up rights for music sales to more of the cash from tours.) A good friend of mine with a PhD in this stuff points out that to do any useful work (ie breaking 3DES) you need a qubit for every bit in the factor(key), and all must be super-positioned at the same time - and that getting each extra bit superpositioned seems to be getting exponentially harder - in short quantum computing is looking to be technically much much harder than hoped. Kind of next century harder. For a given value of true, Programming is just normal human language literacy with slightly stricter syntax rules. As such I say there should be as many good women programmers to good male programmers as there are good women writers. If you have the savings to live comfortably I would suggest you avoid a job. In almost all cases the ratio of awesome learning to repitition and compromise is tiny and it sounds like you want to learn how to do this profession well. So some of the best practitioners do this for free - in open source development. Find a couple of established projects (mYbe in a domain you understand like film blender3d comes to mind) and join in. Progress from just compiling and testing the code others write to fixing one or two bugs (the time you are ready to contribute a bug fix is the time you look at a bug and say I know where that is failing) from there most non-poinsonous projects will take you on -find a mentor in the project- does not have to be very formal - do things their way, their setup their indentation style, until you know why you will do it differently. On the side set up and administer a real live service that has real live people using it. Could be a start up. Could be a saas for a local charity. The main thing is to get a feel for the problems of running a live service. Do this for 6 months - year. Also exercise and eat well, you may as well. Check back here every few months and after six months, go look for jobs. You will be amazed how much less daunting that whiteboard. Free advice - worth every Penny > His office was nicknamed the Hot Tub on account of the heat they generated. Most days his stack of window air conditioners could keep up. I ran the servers for a whole company like that, everyday thinking that's totally unprofessional but it is effective. After we went to our own raised floor cold room, I still never felt it was that much more reliable. Cleaner, more polished yes. But 80% of the effect for 20% of cost is usually a good deal. Fitting out your server room from the local hardware store felt like a successful hack. > Unions are a cancer I don't wish to start a flame war so I shall be measured here. Unions came in to being to fight massive, widespread exploration of workers that today would be considered criminal. Unions are still required for their original purpose across the globe ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foxconn_suicides ) I agree that the USA has been curiously free of unionisation (having 5% of your population as illegal indentured servants probably helps) but most western countries have had the unions win their important battles and it will take a while, if ever, before unions as they were in late 19c early 20c will be needed again oddly it feels like movements such as occupy are going to become the new union movement. Anyway my point was that unions = cancer is such a self evidently wrong thing to say for billions of workers that it even makes cancer cringe. I agree capital investment generates wealth. Unions represent one means of distributing (not re-distribuing) that wealth - ensure that the labour used to transform x into wealth get a larger share of pie so they can for example afford schooling this increasing the speed of wealth creation. Unions get credit for distributing wealth to the workers faster than owners of capital would do, and for defending individuals against exploration ( and the point isthat without unions (or other organised collective action) each of us is an explotable individual) As for the bad things, I just ask what I would choose to do in that situation. HN top choice is start up a competing foxconn that treats workers better. But I fully understand the other thought process: if the other guy has an army and enforces discipline it would be foolish of you if you thought individual spirit and the invisible hand were going to be any damn use so for my money unions are just the more militant end of a spectrum that has co-operatives and workers collectives somewhere in the middle and Cadbury on the far end. All of the spectrum is about how to distribute the new wealth being generated. It does not all have to go to the owners of capital ( frankly I feel the term Capitalism is misnamed. I would prefer unimpededmarketpricesignalling but is suspect it won't catch on:-) [edit: can't spell on iPhone plus went off on a tangent. But I would be very interested if anyone knows of research on effect on blue collar wages of the massive influx of illegal workers into USA. This is something the UK as an island has little of. This is extremely common in my experience (and the corrollary effect - we cannot refactor that code, it will be too expensive to retest. Dont touch that code path, add a new one with cut and paste) Anyway, it is possible to bring Agile to a large organisation, but it generally needs first to solve tooling and build problems - I would not start a single sprint until there was source control, complete automated build, and enough tests to be reasonable. Amazing how much pain can be endured by teams. That much pain can teach you not to care. Internet's killer app will be interactive. But the Hollywood killer will be a passive mode of consumption (I still do like just to be entertained) Add to this the rise of Facebook and I would do the following. Put a microphone and speaker in the corner of each room of the dorms at MIT or Yale (not cameras note, we know where that will lead). let people talk to their friends, whilst not "using" a device. Let others listen. Vote up conversations. Eventually most people are listening in to the most interesting conversation in College. I would love it to scale so I can spend an evening listening to the most interesting conversation in the world. Reality TV, Social Media, no longer shouting through to the next room. It's got everything. I'm dubious just how much relevance social signals add. And for me this is the crux of the matter. It looks like google is just chasing after facebook, with the sole intention of monetizing those lovely social graphs. That might not be evil, but it loses you a lot of goodwill. Telling the cows they are monetisabke beef units will hurt Daisy's feelings. If the google search page came with some means of showing the raw search and the adjusted ones, we might be willing to give them the benefit of the doubt (I.e. Your results, plus the raw duckduckgo equivalent, plus the ones based on your past search history but ignoring your google+ account etc) google is search, and the other posts are right - they forget that at their peril. But they can be forgiven the other dalliances if they can show us how those products made search better Actually we might not bridge the gap ( http://m.techcrunch.com/2011/08/21/software-is-eating-all-th... ) The Luddites were right - technology does destroy jobs. The hope is that new technology creates new jobs fast enough to replenish it is just a hope. I am willing to bet a largeish sum of money that had such a test been around for literacy sometime in 1870 when mass education in the uk started in earnest, we would have found a double hump of people who had a consistent mental model of sentence construction, story arcs, past and future tenses. The fact almost everyone has same mental model now is down to very early age education. When your parents are literate you will be too. It's possible this test could be done today in countries with terribly low rates of literacy The Tina Fey autobiography / jokebook had an interesting comment - one of her mentors explained that the role of a (TV) Producer was to reign in / prevent creativity. The idea was you had hired amazingly creative people, and if you did not provide necessary constraints the whole would be way less than the parts. (the example was asking the props dept for a teacup. No not on a silver platter the reflection will kill the camera, no not with sugar tongs these are simple countryfolk etc etc) Steve Jobs is just an extreme example of this role - provide a common vision, explain the constraints and edit edit edit the great ideas coming at you. (nb editing is not the same as directing, something I tend to forget I my code reviews - an editor should accept a brilliant idea and change the other work to fit it in, a director, directs...) Ben-law.co.uk this was such a wildly popular (for channel 4) programme that they did a follow up. He had built an extension for his new family (single originally, and let's face it the project was a form of therapy) and was / is now making a small income teaching others how to do it. My concern, and only real defence of the construction industry, is there probably are not enough hillsides and trees to go round. But as one living opposite a building site, yes, the construction industry can stand to learn one or two sustainability lessons We have struggled to get a BIOS that is Free / Libre And where does this leave us now? Just because Ubuntu is free, if the phone manufacturers start to get trusted mobile computing (tm) disease, we are still in trouble. "Curated" is still not free And there are some obvious holes - you cant carry a monitor around with you. So you need docking stations to plug into. Do you trust the keyboard in the Public library not to watch your keystrokes? Isn't this the "all politicians are untrustworthy" problem. Politicians are not any more untrustworthy or criminal than the general populace, they are just more closely watched . And the same is obviously true of those 'under observation' - psychiatric disorders or not. I am not sure just how many of my strange habits would be diagnosed under the DSM - but enough to worry me :-) What I want most is to tie this into my phone (iPhone but willing to swap if there really is not an app for that) I assume this should be easy but I don't knwo how have all my contacts sync'd to gmail (doable) have all my mails to a contact tracked (standard email functionality, plus seems to be what this post is about) have all my calls to from a contact not only kept on my phone but also exported and synched Ba k to this crm bonus points for an app that let's me add notes after a call and syncs those too amazingly enough I had this on an old nokia n95 back in the day. Don't forget XXX, fix this and a variety of swear words in different languages I have written two or three apps over the years that parse source code for this and others, but nothing ever satisfying really felt right. If anyone has something perfect do shout. Will Schumpter win out here? Presumably in a perfect labour market competant women will leave companies like this and go work for the non sexist competition I believe that will be true for companies that do not embrace for example lean product discovery or software as transformative. But I just don't think the labour Market is really perfect enough to make this kind of difference but even so, start looking at jobsites. You won't change them, and if you leave for good reasons, good employers will understand. The wikipedia Page ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keep_Calm_and_Carry_On ) has some interesting links. I am amazed this is genuine - I had thought it was faux antique too. Sometimes things can be too good and true it seems edit: Bit of a rewrite, added link Re Lockyy - the trend of people downvoting and then continuing to argue with someone is annoying. Sometimes the font is so small I literally cannot read what has upset people is this a technically solvable problem - if you downvote doyou then get your reply link taken away? Is this actually a problem or are downvoters different people to those who keep on arguing? The biggest lesson I see here is how much family solidarity and positive expectations makes in a childs education and life. Without her male tribe, and presumably the female tribe who sent the male tribe along, Reg's mum would have taken a different path. As a father of a young family with a spotty family past I wanted to focus on things I knew for my children. Perhaps I need to focus more on building that kind of supportive family or pseudo family. Inspiring stories have a tendancy to inspire things not first thought of. Thank you To me it's the plausibility that matters even if this is not real ( the fraud is clearly real and probably not rare, the scale is the thing at issue) even if it's not real, there is little to suppose it cannot be real. Social security numbers are / used to be a simplettransposition of date of birth iirr it's how do we prevent such frauds - and if we do it's still a clever dos attack on the IRS. 10 million fraudulent tax returns. How do you deal with that except manual review? The attitude "never say anything you would not want tosee published" is wrong. When you say something (online) you are publishing it all those pub conversations, all those vitriolic diatribes against managers (whom we later bacame) are packed up and put into a book called read me later we have all been writing appendicies to the Viz Swearosaurus Interesting. That is a common trend I have noticed - there is some class of dev whose job becomes serving the internal business on an adhoc basis your manager can either stop it by charging your time back to the requestor ( I would suggest you track the requests -send emails sayi g Bob you wanted a new sales report, it's third on list and expect it 9am) or he can explicitly Market you to the business - what I previously did. And it is a powerful weapon for your manager. The higher ups feel well treated and the department gets all it's interrupts funnelled thru one person, who in your case seems good at it and happy to do it but I strongly suggest you track the work, and push the marketing value of what you do. I'm giving up FreeBSD today. I've built Departments and platforms on the old faithful OS, I even blog about it - but my contracts demand skype or even Oracle and whilst you can sort of get those things working I no longer can afford the extra time to make it work Ubuntu just managed to auto install X on a chipset I could not get working manually, and so I am going to Linux land for my workstations. The contracts will require Linux and windows servers so Freebsd will run my in office DNS for now the network effects of things like dropbox skype and so on are having their effect. I have gone from feeling my OS choice is a secretweapon to a drain on time and effectiveness it's not a good feeling for diversity Anyone else? Thanks. I may be giving up too easily. I think I will upgrade to core i7 laptop and run virtualbox soon too. Well, Nokia's cultural competance is making mobile communication devices on a radio network. (They are still doing this well in Asia/Africa). But the mobile is now a PC. Microsoft's cultural competance according to the OP is helping businesses make more efficient use of PCs under their control. But mobiles are now consumer items out of control of businesses. So it does not bode well. But it does indicate Nokia / winphone should go after RIMs lunch and not chase Apple, so I think the framework for analysis suggested is pretty useful. I am in the process of trying this and it has become much less simple. Certainly for HSBC a remote account opening is considered "next to impossible" - it requires above branch level sponsorship from the bank which in practise means turnover 1m+. I am told US anti terror laws have made a big impact on opening non resident accounts in past few months I am hoping I can workaround the problems but my bank managers expectations are low - I may be visitin the states sooner than planned. So far the trouble has been - a flat out "no way." need to work around that, but I doubt it is going to be quick or cheap. Them's the breaks. Oh come on! No-one stands the remotest chance of getting viable amounts of rock down from space for another two generations. We don't have any mechanism to get the rocks down (a space anchor - not even remotely close to necessary material strength / weight ratio), let alone the ability to survive journeys to closest rocks. Give it 20 years of people living on the moon or Mars and solving the supply, radiation and working problems, then I will believe we might risk throwing a megatonne of iridium at Earth orbit. But great way for rich dreamers to hob nob with other rich dreamers. Enjoy it folks. Just don't invest. SpaceX is about commercialising an already-achieved process (ascending into Space and returning safely to Earth). We know we can do it - can we do it cheaper, or with different re-entry profiles? And to be honest, with the record of successful unmanned missions to Mars (running at what, about evens just to make it to the surface) I am not holding out hope. My best guess will be space-swarm -launch 500 independent solar powered motors, fling them at the general direction of a rock, and hope the 20 that attach can nudge it in side the moons orbit, where a later permanent colony can grab it. Smashing into the moon is less damaging. Hell, just bang it straight into the moon and pick up the pieces later on. Damn, from "it'll never work" to "why not try it this way guys" in less than an hour. Need to work on curmudgeonly. Still, even if it's on the moon, we cannot get it back to earth without the same risks. And picking it up from the moon, yeah we have guys just waiting around right now. Ah, back to curmudgeon - hello old friend:-) +1 to uWSGI and nginx. Now wsgi is built into nginx distribution, and uwsgi is gaining areputation for rock solid performance it's a nobrainer. Regarding virtualenv, I have come to the conclusion that Linux containers are robust enough now (like freebsd jails say two or three years ago) that I don't need to virtualise just python - I can afford to have the whole server as a "virtualenv" - no need for that extra complexity just install into site packages. No conflicts because a whole instance is dedicated. Jails take this to the limit - one virtual machine, one process - say Bind. A vulnerability in Bind ? The attacker takes over ... Nothing. Did anyone else think "no, they cannot really be releasing a car the drives itself already?" Just me then. I think it was the yes really that got me. Sadly, still no dropbox-alike for FreeBSD. Would swap in an instant. A late reply but I don't just want the python environment virtualised - if it's important enough that I should section off python, then there is a good chance I will want to consider the whole box as a single unit, python, firewall rules, database what ever. I tend to think the unit of abstraction should not be the python process, but the server. This is a little easier to grasp when you think of BSD jails where essentially you can choose to only run those processes that actually mTter - it's less virtualised and os than pick and mix an os. Apologies for late reply - I guess I am straightening it out in my head more than telling anyone else. So, now that this is out, what do the admins for these compromis-able systems do. Presumably RuggedCom has not got a patch out yet, so they just sit there? Not a good day. not so long ago botnets were used to blackmail sites into paying DDOS "protection". Ifyou knew enough to command a piece ofplant to exceed it's design parameters you could blackmail quite effectively. Stuxnet but for profit. What ! Russia landed a probe on the moon during Armstrong's moonwalk! Incredible. The moon, or Times Square? Who could tell. I believe that these errors are so common they represent a Cognitive bias on the part of programmers. At some point every developer wants to execute a one line command and have the system "do something". If they cannot get that one line, then they have two options. - Wrap up more abstraction code, until one line executes (the SOAP solution), or think deeply about what you are trying to do and take things away until one line is clear and obvious (The REST solution) Promise you will deliver the refactored code in a week, set out some metrics, ship it. The other devs will be happy someone improved the code. Like the guy said, it's better they ship what they want than not ship what you want Brilliant IMO That rather depends on who you pay and how convincing their invoices look. 20 folks on here could create a convincing Eco system of sub contractors and out sourcers - spend 20k on equipment and rest on salaries, you can spend most of yourdays on the yc startup subsidised by the game income or is that sounding like actual work? The most worrying part of all this is a growing sense, perhaps not even such a definite movement, that the US government / political class is no longer trustworthy with it's citizens taxes. Western governments are trapped by politcical stalemates and an underlying shift of economic power, and find they cannot / darent risk change in flawed fundamental policy no matter who is in power. no wonder many on HN support Apple in paying less tax, if you don't think the government will spend it wisely even of you vote for some other guy. So Ron Paul starts to look like a clear thinker But is there really an option. Can we expect to do away with vast amounts of government and find it works better? Because that is a one time experiment. So how are you calculating my (horribly low) score? I am guessing each accepted pull request counts ten, or something but I am interested in the algorithm. Like democracy, it's Pretty hard to game followers. Thank you. It has the ring of a deep truth. But, Michael Arrington == Casey Kasem. There is an interesting analogy. Not really. You write pacman as the lecturer tells you, the templates and direction (s)he gave you are not yours. After two weeks sweat, take what you have learnt and write a game using pygame, or a browser based seduction game using anonymous twitter accounts and pinterest images. Anything really. That's yours, the skills you have learnt are yours. Thank your lecturer publicly when you IPO That's It. I finally broke. I have been reading for going on two years about SOPA, PIPA, GCHQ snaffling everything in sight. And this is the straw that broke the camel's back. I have just ... written to my MP. Dammit. It will achieve nothing, but I am going to keep pushing. I know why they are doing this, but ... please please please, stop choking off industries that might just help us compete against the global behemoths down the road. This is a real attempt to go after a market that has been trying to exist for a while. Back in the late 90's i laughed at Salesforce pitch people coming in dragging two carry-ons on wheels - one for the laptop one for the projector. Now they can slip them into pockets. Its a real market, and the next step is I put down my phone as a projector, you control the projector from your phone. Well said, there is enough FUD around how to translate programming into engineering that adding some unknowable mystique to it will not help. How do you go about it, may I ask? I am close to exhausting my network and not seeing a breakthrough stream. May I ask if you registered for W-8BEN exception for the work in the US - and how much effort was getting the EIN / TIN? I am having fun with that right now The problem with this is viewable on freelancer.com and other sites. Once you can be sure a coder will do good work remotely, then you can get a coder to do some work from anywhere on the planet, and those who have a much lower cost of living will happily undercut those who dont. It may be the single biggest driver against the growth of cities. from vrmd.fabric.ubuntu.deploy import Deployment How do you differentiate builds on say redhat / BSD / windows as opposed to Ubuntu ? I would guess vrmd.fabric.fedora.deploy contains a lot of the same code except for pathname changes? Weird - I was totally blind to the top box - I ignored it because it was too banner like and kept scanning the results. Note to DDG - put the cool useful bit Under the place we all expect ads to be. Thank you. Today GIMP made my day because I discovered it reads xwd format so my screen capture is now as simple as I like it (xwd > ~/foo). Thank you dev team, it's worth it really. Cheers If your cats sit on your head at 5am to remind you to feed them, then if your auto-feeder thinks 5am is another hour off, your cats will not. they will howl and sit on your head, only now its 4am. Arbitrary change or not, at 4 am cat on face always wins I have one of those invisi-blogs too http://ciocookbook.com/philosophy/thecodeisthedesign.html Jack Reeves is the man here though - writing source code is designing the product. Before code can be written you need to take all the trade offs, the decisions and the research (or just make wild assumptions). Once you have source code, it has been designed. Which is why instead of sending out a 12 page form telling a client they need to think harder about something they don't understand, put out version 0.1, and ask them what they want changed. It's curious that his lineage dying out is an example of a very counter-intuitive theory - that the one person who is the common ancestor of everyone alive today lived as recently as the time of Christ. Basically very few people keep their genetic lines open for more than a few generations, those that do are ancestors of enormous numbers of us. http://tedlab.mit.edu/~dr/Papers/Rohde-MRCA-two.pdf It's curious that his lineage dying out is an example of a very counter-intuitive theory - that the one person who is the common ancestor of everyone alive today lived as recently as the time of Christ. Basically very few people keep their genetic lines open for more than a few generations, those that do are ancestors of enormous numbers of us. http://tedlab.mit.edu/~dr/Papers/Rohde-MRCA-two.pdf I remember Reading HN now had a million accounts (btw can anyone confirm?) if that's true then top story at the beginning of the US day could generate a lot of requests, and if the university has a plain cms that is updated once a week by the departmental secretary then it's pretty unlikely they have seen much traffic, ever. To be honest I would be interested if pg could publish what kind of click through rate the various links generate - could even be a counter next to the story. Its not supposed to be special to us all, just to jgc. If it gets voted up a lot, it's special to someone. Aha - I have found the tagline for the Facebook IPO ;-) From that story he sounds the total opposite of the OP's complaints. The pitch would have been, Hi I am a successful Sales exec with millions of dollars of yearly sales under my belt, I've hired 6 guys and am looking for a 7th to develop this new software I have an idea for, I have got x million in VC already and by the way once you are settled and running through the VC cash, I'm going to Cancun to recharge my batteries before coming back and selling the heck out of what you guys build. Hell, I would be very happy to get on the ground floor of that one. I signed up but ... >> Totally agree. Thats why every week the teams that don't ship will get filtered out. At the end only the best will remain. Ouch! That might take everyone out over 12 weeks. Some weeks, everything rolls over. Fairy nuff. See you online June 5. Graduate / research degrees are a university universities exist solely for the purpose of enabling professors to do further scientific research to do this they need: * a supply of intelligent grunts (phd candidates) * an administration capable of turning grant money into a well stocked lab and * a supply of very rich young people who will be taught the basics of science such that when the young rich people run the country they might get something right unfortunately we have forgotten that one genius well supported can provide value and economic growth for a whole planet (who invented steam engines, fire, wheels, transistors) - and million English graduates wont make up for it. I would be perfectly supportive of a university system that publically funded scientific (empirical, provable) courses, had industry funding for vocational work (engineering) and left arts to do what they have always done. But saying let's get rid of the lot? Nonsense. Actually we choose based on price for two simple reasons: 1. Thats pretty much all airlines (can/do) differentiate on. The mainframes running pretty much all the ticket/seat allocation worldwide are sooo old they only handle pricing. And no-one can fix them because everyone plugs into it. 2. Actually thats all we really do care about. (2, is less true. I am going to be taking my kids on a long flight soon. I would pay extra for an on board creche / nanny. But there is no way of putting that flag on any flight search so no point in offering it.) This is a perfect example of how technology encourages a flight to the bottom. You have US air. Why? Maybe they only use lemon scented paper napkins. You would like to search for flights that never use lemon scented paper napkins, but you cannot, so there is no way to tell if spending 100 dollars more will make you happy so why bother? And maybe its only worth 50 dollars to you not to get lemon scented ... The airlines have to try. Flight safety is expensive. I mean you can conceive of solutions: * Why does the luggage not get treated like container transport. Load up cages next to check in desks for the same destination. * Take back control over your booking. There is absolutely no need for any airline to not take bookings direct. Want to sell through your partners - fine but they come to your API/site to actually book it. Then everyone has real time info. Think that will drive your prices down? No, don't sell at loss making prices. I could go on. I am having a hell just trying to find somewhere nice and sunny to take 2 children. There is just so many options and so little information to trust. But this problems exists for every service - hair cutting, selling houses and airlines. One and only one URI is really selling an actual seat or an actual house or an actual chair with a hair dresser. So one and only one URI should publish what is available. And then aggregation and search is simple(ish) It seems to me that the next evolution of the search engine is to tell the people selling stuff that they don't need to do SEO, or marketing. They just need to use a standard micro data / format for whatever they are selling. A long time ago I worked for an ISP that gave 1MB of personal disk space free to everyone. We bumped to to 10 then 100 when we realised no one actually used it. This failure to put our own stuff online is the cause of huge problems - real estate agents, facebook, AOL, every walled garden, every agent, all stem from people and businesses not publishing their own needs. Must stop ranting now Sadly, some of this is just the way it will always be - "its cold and loud in my data center" gets you a coat and set of ear plugs, not an overhaul of the design of expensive real estate. However , the security issue is an enormous one. We designed and owned data centers back in the day, and physical security was modeled on network security. Once you were past the firewall, life was pretty open. Lockable cabinets - maybe. Actually locked? Not once the admin for that rack schlepped 2 hours at 3am to find he left the key in the office. And yet, I see things getting worse with cloud deployments. Great I am locking down my www as it talks to the MQ server, but they are both plugged into the same cisco switch that 10 other idiots are plugged into. Root one of those and you are a lot closer to sniffing my traffic. We just have to make the assumption for cloud deployments that our virtual box is in a sea of sharks. Actually having a shark open up the back and plug in a network sniffer is just one more worry. If you are right there are probably a hundred people on here able to provide a working MVP alongside you and do it faster, cleaner and pick up on solutions you cant possibly know yet. Be a domain expert. But learn to code anyway :-) >doesn't employ an army of electricians and plumbers. But the whole premise of software eating the world, is its sooo prevalent, its not like hiring air-conditioning workers, its like hiring literate workers. Writing code will be like writing essays at college and memos at work. The fact you know about HN, and have even asked the question is I suspect the answer you need. Yes, code something up. what is now decided - how you code it is a harder question. Start small, rent a box from rackspace (10 dollars a month) and put a simple django site up. Get comfortable with git. Just try. If you Show HN in a month, you might find someone interested to help. StackOverflow is your friend. Good luck. (Also see Ncombinator) Aren't there two issues here * how much (usually as a % GDP) should / does a govt take? * how does that tax burden get shared out the first is an issue of services provided by govt, but thesecond is an issue of fairness. If you want more services you need to pay. As a % of GDP the USA takes about 26-28 % whereas pretty much every other Western country is between 35 and 45%. My take on that is welfare costs. Full health and pension support for all the USA is going to be expensive, and will probably bring the US in line with Europe the issue now is fairness - but even taut is really about ability. The easy targets are the middle classes - they have money but rarely enough to take advantage of tax loopholes but if all the money is now held by the richest 2% then the richest 2 % will pay. The alterntive is no government we all live by the 1930s maxim - I rob banks because that's where the money is. If the richest people in society have the money, that's where the bank robbers / IRS will go. Fair has little to do with it Well, the Jacquard Loom ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacquard_loom ) was a massive weaving loom capable of producing highly sought-after intricate patterns in silk at impressive even-by-todays-standards speeds. It was one of the first programmable things of any kind, and its punch card approach inspired Babbage (who was a contemporary - yes this was programming, industrial style in 1815) Let me re-phrase that: Would you want your employees to hack the current process, because they morally disagree or are bored, or simply curious. Maybe not. But someone will. Welcome to Schumpter's law. To me the most convincing part is the bridge to nowhere. So, just build bridges to somewhere. Build what people want, and preferably, will pay for. Even if you build it in a bubble, its still a bridge, somewhere. Don't be silly. The right to marry (publicaly declare love and live as a family unit) is one that straight couples have and gay couples do not. Equal rights. Apparently, white births are now a minority in US: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-18100457 I could not see this as a submission on its own but it seems relevant here. As the US (white) population ages, it seems that immigration has played an incredible part without anyone noticing - its less about race now, then about age, but the dividing lines might not be drawn that way. And we all know what can go wrong if you are looking at the wrong question for your answers. [edit - wanted to emphasise age context more] Interesting that the tone of most comments is critical of the launch, the readiness, the lack of business sign up. But the comment from someone, abuela, whom I guess is slap in the middle of the target demographic (silver surer, family connected) is supportive and shows serious commitment I think the marketing message over the last three years may have passed the point where HN first views make a difference Something is evolving. It might be YC, and HN needs to keep up. Fascinating. Coupon codes, vounchers et al all have one simple aim - to segment the market into two different purchase price points. (there is a spolsky article on this somewhere) Anyway the point is there is extra effort in collecting codes, clipping the vouchers etc. If you get the voucher automatically added then there is no benefit whatsoever to the company, do it enough, the coupons go away. Who will collect the codes? Will you enter them into the plugin? So if you made it "social" then the plugin would feedback to saversrus.com where your account would say - saved 15$ today - your code uploads were used by 235 people and save them 3457$ I like it :-) > everyone knows the only way to make money out of flight search is to add hotel search. Errr, is this true? Then why do the flight search as the main thing. Recently I have been trying to find a holiday bolthole for my family. Find me the perfect holiday and I will accept a higher than usual flight - I just want to fidn a great hotel for two weeks not a nice flight for six hours Auto generate a coupon / QR code for everyone who likes you Then if any of their friends uses that coupon code (by flashing their iPhone at the till) then that original person gets ten points on their loyalty card I think frankly that a social graph is best employed using graphing friendly rewards - mostly that is the social dopamine thing in our brains, but affiliates also work In fact - is this being done? Looks great - good luck What I take from it is say "I don't know" more often. One can easily bullshit the first time through, but then there is no one to learn from, and you have to keep pretending you know something you don't. Yes personal experience A wise head on some young shoulders it seems is our Mr Shah. Good luck at whatever comes after Yammer :-) Linux containers are a fantastic development tool and ready for production prime time. BSD has long had really good jails and having implemented this now for (development) purposes for cnx.org I can recommend them. Isn't this the equivalent of buying an expensive frame for a cheap painting? We buy expensive TVs to look at because the stuff on the TV channel is just rubbish. "of course Simon Cowell's insights into modern pop industry are worth watching Pop Idols got American Talent for - I mean I paid more for that TV than my car..." I am not yet using lxc in production, although I have used BSD jails in production for some time I think their great use is because they are soooo sim ple to create a new "host" one is willing to use configurations of servers, develop onto clusters early and so find the problems early I would credit virtualisation with the rise of devops - seriously That is a great summation. Some interesting ideas, but I would rather see much more detail - the concepts are unarguable, the daily practises is in my experience so variable that different shops would be incompatible. Edit for clarity I don't think commercial spaceflight will easily "tolerate" manned failures. Maybe with lots of competitors in lots of different countries. But I did not realise the reusability cost structure quite so well as Elon's explanation - 200k on fuel, 60m on a one shot rocket. Before that I truly thought we had no hope before a space elevator. Call me a reluctant convert. Just use this as a counter to the "rising tide of crap" on HN. This has nothing to do with startups or technology, but it is a vital insight into our world, that makes us more aware of that world's terrible failings. I am glad HN is still a place I can come to read about web deployment best practises, and find my self lost in near weeping horror about the wars I did not try hard enough to stop. +1 from me and let's stop worrying we might be going downhill. Just push this uphill, Sisephyaen style. Front page of TED.com http://www.ted.com/talks/david_mackay_a_reality_check_on_ren... See 9:16. He arranges the power consumption of countries by per person per sq m. And renewables can sit on same scale, and his estimate for PV solar is about 20% of land mass of Germany needs to be covered. This is one of the many problems of the renewables debate - apples and oranges. The Germans have done an incredible and positive thing. Massively upped the feed into the electric grid from solar PV. And electrical consumption is where nuclear plants feed - so the two methods are direct competitors. But electrical consumption is only about 1/3 of goal energy budget of western countries, rest is evenly split between transport and heating and about 5% for everything else like rocket launches. So 50% of about 30% says that "Germany has 15% of it's total energy from renewables, will need to increase that by 7fold, give everyone an electric car and heating that uses electricity and not .... Yes it's a great step forward. But really, we are going to have to change our lifestyles beyond belief to meet even 80% energy use from renewables. Forget driving to supermarkets to pick up refrigerated milk and tomatoes flown in from Africa. Watch the talk - his book is very good too. I'm sorry I am not sure what you are saying here. It seems to be "this is far more likely to be a test engineers backdoor that was not on the spec" then a Chinese backdoor added at the fab" with no evidence either way, I am guessing that US intelligence (and others?) are loudly saying this is happening not because they can prove it in silicon but convincing human intelligence has told them I happen to think that the techniques developed to analysis silicon are going to be useful all round, and that a backdoor in a chip does not make a successful cyber attack in the wild, but if these are real in-the-fab additions then the implications are so large we should be prepared to not label this "it's just a test component" and look at ideas like validating silicon (noted somewherre else below) This thread is the second reason why HN still outclasses everyone else. I have just got a better perspective on the Euro crisis than all the newspapers and tv of recent weeks. I never knew the debt delegation issue had been happening. I would like to know how we can see the total level of debt for each country. If we can find a reliable source let's put it on wikipedia :-) Sorry, the NSA has it's own billion dollar fab soitcan build copyrighted Intel clones? I simply don't get it? * what happens when Intel release the nextgenration of chips? Apparently Intel needs to rebuild a while new fab plant at x billion - does the NSA? * do they trust the designs made by Intel? If not what do they do ? If Intel is introducing backdoors for the NSA what guarantee is tere those backdoors won't get used y someone else? * if they do trustthe design but don't trust the fab process surely it is better to put armed guard in the fab room or similar checks * and this is only for one generation of one class of chip. Do this for the chips in the CCTV cameras and the door locks and the ... Yes, there are offline meetings of this group at every bar closest to the office, Thursdays and Fridays. Real pain can be found there Tuesday evenings sadly none of the participants are likely to collate their pain on a website for you unless doing so directly helps. Then again if desperate for ideas it probably would not hurt to visit that bar and ask. IRS is unlikely to accept the bar tab as legitimate business expenses. But then again the comment on Reading a companies complaints list is interesting - find the customer service mnager at big Corp and ask them ? Hmm, might actually try that :-) I think the point is (certainly its my view) that I want customers who have their brain in - certainly for the first few iterations. If its a no brainer at 30 and a difficulty at 500, clearly I am not fixing something really painful I'll take your 30 when the product is just rolling along. Sign up here for the beta-2 release :-) Yes, always :-) You are a talented, experienced developer, whose work provides value to the company. That value is reflected in your costs. If you are valuable, then you are valuable even if only contracted for an hour. Then its up to the client to ask for more hours. If you are not valuable, you are not valuable even for an hour. This does fall over a little if there are specific projects / actions the client wants - which is why automating the last contract so it becomes a simple function call for the next is always a good idea. The difficulty here is that NL has a strong oversight on wiretapping - so whereas in the UK, a single wiretap warrant can get other phone numbers on as riders (usually one cop doing a favour for another cop), which makes the UK numbers look smaller, the NL is more open and so has larger looking wiretaps. The letter to his dead wife is deeply touching, and the last sentence made me laugh and cry. It seems important to note that those of great acheivement still feel normal human emotions, and those who aspire to great acheivement should not try to avoid feeling normal human emotions - lest they become, well the president of Syria. Thank you danso. maybe - I have taken the time to build a graphite/stasd setup. It is over engineered for now, but it grows and is really easy to add in new metrics. (there is even a fab file to install on ubuntu buried in github/lifeisstillgood/frozone) but, you are right - a dashboard that measures how the site is going is useful. One that measures cashflow, email conversion rates and more is more useful. Linking those into graphite is not a good idea. A more traditional data collection is needed. Graphite/carbon/whisper is a rrd like tool - you give it a number of ticks labelled with a certain metric (facebook.photo.upload) and it counts the incoming ones over a fixed period, averages them, stores the average and goes on and on. Then it draws you a graph over those periods this is great for "what is normal" and "something has changed over past 5 mins, 5 days, 5 weeks" some things you want on your dashboard are absolutes that don't vary well with time (cash on hand/ assets vs liabilities) also the whisper database is awkward to query if you are not aggregating - so you cannot store which customers actually responded to which email campaign - that needs a real RDBMS So it's really good for watching stuff over time - like you used to use tail -f for. But other stuff needs to be captured robustly and then maybe time graphed tl dr Some things are trends - you want to know easily and quickly which ones are going up, and when the trend goes haywire. Use graphite et al. other things are "action this day" - trend or not you need the email addresses of all users on the blue campaign. Using UDP you lose a not insignificant number as well In the UK the govt wants to implement a report commissioned from a hedge fund friend of the PMs - one of the key "political" recommendations was to introduce no fault firing - making firing staff ridiculously easy because that is obviously want is wrong with UK PLC. The elephant in the room is that if you have hired large numbers of crap staff and you can't get rid of them because it will cost too much or they will all sue, then clearly your past hiring practises were wrong. It's interesting how we still run to the government to solve our own past mistakes. Bit late but ... There is a meme that great scientists, all great achievers, are somewhat other, not normal, aloof unfeeling cold calculating machines. That's how they do it. The story of the stopped clock could be used to bolster that fallacy The letter clearly, lucidly, funnily, and touchingly blows apart any concept that Feynmann was cold unfeeling or somehow other. Just seemed important to note that great achievement is not incompatible with great passion and humanity. C.f. The president of Syria for how MIT to do it. I think we are seeing a transitional period. There has long been talk of portfolio careers and companies of one. We are heading that way (not everyone but a significant proportion of people will be self employed at least at some point in their lives) (tldw too long didn't write it all) Summary - businesses need to realise the best and brightest can literally work for themselves and will probably want to do so outside of 40hrs a week So re arranging work practises to accommodate Practical advice Try setting up a shingle for "front end js development" - folks looking for a project are more likely to accept different timescales If you can do this across my different devices and make it searchable like oh last week, that sire about you know err umm. I really want this I've just worked it out. Years ago I went to one of my first programming conferences , sat in the same room as GvR and Stroustrop and had one of those what am I doing here moments. But it was an amazing revelation - hundreds of people way smarter than me all of whom chatting where the side conversations and corridor chats are always more interesting and informed than the set talks HN is just like the corridor outside the worlds biggest tech conference. The door bangs open and someone is talking about space and suddenly you realise there are actual rocket scie fists standing in ear shot. I used to want to write scintillating blog posts and bump my karma score. But that happens in the main hall. Not in the corridors and I think I am happier here, like a young guy open mouthed that brilliant people actually like explaining stuff and it's beginning to make some sense... TBL hits the nail on the head again CORS is a massive and crippling restriction and needs to be overcome. Signing packaged js apps is one method perhaps - but whatever we do we need to over ome the app store gatekeeper somehow. The Articles argument seems to be that FB got 10x revenues and if new startups got just half that it would be great sadly that's a common fallacy on any business plan - the Market is x million and we could get 10% of that then ... So what's a better argument? There is an episode of Top Gear where Clarkson shows off his newly purchased Ford Blow-job (or something). And the other presenters move in for the kill. Clarkson clearly knew what was coming ... - How many miles per gallon do you get? - Errr.. - Is it 4 miles per gallon? - And how big is the tank? - Errr - Only enough room for 19 gallons? - Err, yes. - So thats 76 miles on one tank? - Err Yes - And how far away from the office do you live? - Err, 77 miles. Yes, Clarkson was willing to buy a car that would need refilling every time he drove to or from the office. Seriously, do not worry about "only 300 miles and I will need to charge it". People will buy it, and then go look for a plug in station. Literally kill you? I get the feeling we can judge the amount and timeline of investment by Western governments from these releases. Like any other new capability /weapon these things will be used when they are ready (No president is likely to wait and see if bombing Iran works first) So 2006 Bush gives the nod to ramp up the program, 2010 and stuxnet gets into the wild. Four years of development by serious people. The md5 attack was made known in 2009 and now three years later a similar attack. We have reports of viable hardware attacks and fab-based alterations. So 2015 - the year a secure server gives up it's secrets via hardware ? This turned into a rant - possibly a rant with no informed opinions. Apologies in advance. I think we can look at our vulnerabilities in three levels - open windows Backdoors left in as factory defaults, connecting 20 year old systems to Internet by slapping on an NIC. These are the blue collar computer systems running trains and factories. Replacing their systems with (OpenBSD) must be a major national priority. It will cost a fortune, and the foolish thing is to imagine we should replace like for like functionality. As someone above noted, the md5 encryption was used to maintain backwards capability with a system uneconomic to upgrade. As a society we either make that an unacceptable deal or we turn off the lights now This will disrupt a lot of industries. In both senses of the word. - best practises - The cloud and competitive contracting will take care of things like not upgrading your OS for ten years. Thats doing what you already do but better. The killer practises will be the ones we don't do at all. Almost no-one sends me PGP signed or encrypted email. And even if they did I have no web of trust that links them back to me. Let's see Facebook or LinkedIns social graph become a layered web of trust. Then tripwire can tell me that the server I am giving my credit card has binaries that were signed by a sysadmin who is linked to three guys I know and the binary hashed match those signed by shuttle worth. In real time. And I am just making that up. But it is feasible. Defense in Transparency - why can't I know what binaries a server is running, who put them there and when? I can look at the locks on doors, see the quality of the mortar in the brickwork. Why can't I ask a system to tell me how secure it is and expect to get a audit able answer. I think I am ranting. But I know we cannot trust industry certification or peer pressure. We need to get to a point where when there is no lock on a door it is clear for everyone to see, and everyone expects to see locked doors. These days being hacked is just a matter of time for say a winxp sp1/2. The environment is becoming flooded with oxygen and we need to evovle cellular Walls. The problem with cost benefit analysis is that it makes one core assumption. That tomorrow will be substantively like today. I don't believe in black swans but I do believe in climate change Just as a thought experiment, do you think Mary Zuckerberg, the 28 year old founder of Facebook whose casual jeans and hoodie so outrages the investment community would be an ideal role model for entrepreneurs in Hacker News? If Mark were Mary, do you think the trajectory of FB would have been the same? If so, why? If not why not. It's just one way to try and see our own filters. But anyway the premise seems to be that success is bestowed upon you from on high, and if on high is mildly and subcociously sexist they don't do it so well. I fear the real world has a lot more factors involved than patronage from senior management. No, if the person who founded Facebook had been a female graduate from the Ivy League, do you think that Facebooks history to date would have been the same. The temptation (mine anyway) is to say yes, and prove what a well balanced fellow I am. But I ask further down if you say yes, why yes? I noticed that the real Mark got married and I did not even know he had a relationship. But I swear if Mary Zuckerberg, billionairess, famous Internet entrprenuer had been engaged the whole world would know his face, shoe size and that famous Oprah interview ... So the media would have been different for sure. Would that have mattered? Just questions to get at our own filters Isn't it likely that is the only order that CEO ever made personally? And he happened to catch Cindy on good day? My only takeaway from this is if you want orders to be taken from CEOs by pleasent happy people, hire pleasant, happy people to work for you. Is that what you meant? Thank you. Now the world would be a fairer place if 10.50 an hour could be supplemented with x% of 300,000 I am fairly sure that the first oReilly python book had several chapters devoted to COM and excel/word. I know I wrote articles on it, got a job based on scripting PowerPoint. Almost every dynamic scripting language I can think of has COM automation ( or whatever it is called these days) using IronPython to access COM components seems another unnecessary layer. And in my experience what is useful is calling from excel to python and then using vba to manipulate it. (VBA inside excel is fine. Might I suggest that if you are Reading this and thinking "great, anoter way I can program exclusively in Pythin everywhere" you have fallen victim to the yet to be named syndrome and should forcibly use any other language. I still get relapses Are you sure this was not written by Angela Merkel? Germany is desperate not to have the euro / union explode, and is basically saying if you want any more cash then there is proper fiscal union (ie everyone follow Germany's industrial and fiscal models.) This will screw most of Southern Europe who don't manufacture anything, so cannot export anything that is not subsidised under CAP. So the Germans will only pay up if the whole of Europe agrees to tighter fiscal controls. And you don't agree to tighter fiscal controls, we just walk away. Didn't you see the positive reaction to those articles we planted :-) However the Spanish government followed the fiscal rules. It was their banks (with political connivance) that massively over reached. I think fiscal union is the only solution Europe has. But it will also need to reign in banks otherwise another Spain will occur. Presumably a combination of never trading privately (ie only over public exchanges where markets can assess the deals) and never being allowed to exceed certain crash levels (again guaranteed through the derivative markets). Oh and never letting the Greek government lie about its borrowing levels. Just like every other government in Europe has in one way or another. (The UK government uses PFI - they ask private finance to build a hospital and they rent the hosiptal grounds for 30 years. Never mind it is always cheaper in the long run to build your own, is that private debt? Yes according to UK government. But they will never ever stop paying the rent. Or let a hospital provider go bust.) Its only becoming clear to me how much debt is an addiction to banks. As every banker knows, debt is an asset. The bubble said everyones houses were worth 20 gazillion dollars. One person is persuaded to sell thier house for 10 million dollars, another borrows 10 m to buy it. The seller is very happy, The borrower is obligied to repay and the bank borrowed 8 m in someone elses cash and invented theremaining 2. Is there an economist who could tell me what that 2 m that gets created by bank lending actually does to inflation ? http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_creation the figures I quoted are just examples, but money creation trhu bank lending is real, and I just wonder if derivatives / banking crisis is enabling less or more of it outside the traditional measures. It was a thought without much supportive thinking But debt is an asset to everyone but the debtor. It is likely that such assassinations are against both International Law (Geneva Conventions) and US law. Carter, Ford and Reagan all prohibited them through executive orders. Even if you think that knocking off some Hamas leaders is a good idea, you will experience scope creep - last year a (sort of) influential policy advisor suggested using drones against Julian Assange. Honestly, "we" (the West) are best armed, best funded, most free peoples ever to walk the earth. If we cannot put aside assassination and torture, then the human race has no hope. Here for an interesting review of legality of such assassinations: http://www.kentlaw.edu/perritt/courses/seminar/jerry-bekkerm... Assange / assassination http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Flanagan_%28political_scien... edit: for clarity, before I become flamed as a woolly left winger, I think that there are many people in the world, that if they were hit by lightning today, the world would be much better off. but a) I think the world is nett worse off if democracies 'arrange' that lightning, because it demeans the important point of a democracy - being a beacon of hope for the future generations. b) the choice of targets, is not discussed in a democratic manner, and almost certainly would not be my choice. (Now thats a referendum I would love to see:-) c) my guess is that, like crime, taking out the people committing the crime right now, magically someone else steps into their place. Sometimes someone who yesterday was not committing those crimes. Hmm, still pretty left wing there... down modding stuff is fine, giving reasoned comments is fantastic. lynch mob - no, but I was struck with concern and amusement by the idea of a quarterly referendum on which world figures we should target for assassination, plus maybe a limit of civilian children whose collateral death would be acceptable in the voting list. In fact its the opposite of a lynch mob. A lynch democracy perhaps. don't quite understand the non-sequiteur part... could you expand? Iirr sky had a torrent client in it's pc 'app' for a while. I wonder how much more effective having a signed torrent file spread around your subscribers is compared to a really good cdn? Does anyone have any figures? (by signed torrents I mean netflix gpg signs each chunk and so you can be assured the quality is top notch they can be fairly sure you get charged etc etc) nslookup Non-authoritative answer: Name: ac Address: 193.223.78.210 then again my upstream provider defaults to opendns.com so http://ac in the browser does not work. You had me at "Hello." I assumed something like this was buried in the depths of 240+ comments, thanks for raising it up. Want a mailing list? Putting together something on mailchimp now. moderation. this is something pg understands well and is also the foundation of hacker news. This maybe a silly question but is HN moderated in the officially sanctioned sense? I have been here years and not noticed anything other than peer pressure. I would like to know if I am missing something obvious like meta.news In the UK the banks have instituted Direct Debit, where the gas company gets me to agree electronically and then they submit a request to my bank monthly for a variable amount -it works smoothly and pretty much every business uses it for recurring charges. It's ubiquitous. No idea why the us banks have never done it. You might want to look at why. Do you know how the moderation actually works? I beleive much is auto-modded - I am seeing dead links but no reasons for them. It would be nice to know. (Google bot not telling me either) Thank you. Kind of assumed we were all nice people. Anyone know if the mods are employed/ appointed / community members? Presumably a combination. Just interested, mostly I suspect because stack overflow elections are on us and they are ultra upfront about it. Whatever, it seems to be working. Thank you. Kind of assumed we were all nice people. Anyone know if the mods are employed/ appointed / community members? Presumably a combination. Just interested, mostly I suspect because stack overflow elections are on us and they are ultra upfront about it. Whatever, it seems to be working. Recently I saw a post that quoted Derive your self-worth from the process not the output. The first you control, code quality, integrity, professional communication with team mates etc. The second is not entirely within your control and should not lead to anxiety. Anyway, I would want to hire someone like that - more intrinsically motivated, than someone who is focused on building Facebook for dogs for an IPO. I would pay good money, but not expect commitment to the mission, just commitment to intrinsically good code and practises. That's my take Ok, so let's enumerate those concepts, stick 'em up as a guide for future generations (probably a good idea to work out what they are ourselves) 1. Code is data, data is code Implications: everything should be a first class citizen of the language, able to be passed by reference, altered by functions elsewhere. Examples: s-expression in lisp? Subclassing built-in types of oo language (python new style objects) 2. Configs are applied to code, so that the same code can run unchanged on dev beta and live. (this is my favourite reinvented wheel du jour - devops. In fact the whole 12factor app recently on HN is a great example of rediscovered wheels - or perhaps more fairly a great example of doing this guide to future generations too) 3. iPads are no way to type into unresizeable text boxes ... Edits coming when I get a keyboard Partly - the specific ones all seem NOAA originated, which iirr is the American oceanographer group. They along with Navy proper have very vested interests in identifing unusual ocean sounds. But just as you can find parrots that say good morning, given enough fish swimming past enough deep seamicrophones, eventually one ofthem will sound like they are whistling a braoadway tune sorry folks, fun, creepy but in the end self selecting and probably in the strange things happen on the planet category. I do hate it when someone on the Internet thinks I am a troll. Firstly, yes I am sure I should have phrased my position better. So lets try that - If you listen to hundreds of hydrophones over hundreds of hours, and hear only a handful of unexplained sounds, and promote only half a dozen, it is unlikely what you promote is of scientific interest. It may be interesting but not of interest. And thats it. NOAA has done no more then say some of its findings it cannot explain ... and then self-selected a few that sound a bit weird. This does not make them important, relevant, repeatable, or admitting of no explanation whatsoever. Just not explained now. And later they could explain some (Upsweep being a volcano that was thought extinct) And 'we' then anthropomorphize. Can we hear the word Julia? No we cannot. (go listen to the TED talk below - last 3 minutes) I recognise there are many things in a deep ocean we have not seen or discovered (I liked Bill Brysons analogy that we had explored the Oceans depths as if we explored Central Park using 5 guys on tractors, at night with torches). But weird sounds that you have to squint at to find meaning in. Squarely in the Skeptical category of for me publication bias and anchoring. I am unclear what is a mathematical wave property, but I am clear that it is reasonable to use fish singing broadway melodies as a stand-in for unusual events underneath the ocean waves. I was not suggesting that to be a literal explanation. (Even though it would be a good one to hear) Oceanographer comment: (NOAA- Yes, Oceanographers - measuring and mapping the ocean - with 3bn of their 5bn budget aimed at satellites, weather monitoring and plain old research, I am happy to categorise them as Oceanographers. Yes they do other important stuff too. But mostly they monitor the water/air co-systems on the planet. links: http://www.whaletrust.org/whales/whale_song.shtml http://www.noaa.gov/budget/ http://asia.cnn.com/2002/TECH/science/06/13/bloop/index.html RIght -waaaay too long on a rebuttal that frankly is not detailed enough and will get flamed if anyone bothers reading it. Work now. I was CIO for PIRC.co.uk for some years and this is a fascinating topic, and I wish I had more time for this. I assume you are using Banzhaf Indexes (If I spelt that right!) to determine the "swing vote" power. I have long thought there is potential for individual investors in say pension funds to be allowed to vote their 'beneficial' (#) holding their way - so the controversial measures start to become more democratic. One day I will persuade a pension fund to try this, but that might just play havoc with your analysis :-) Out of interest, how much of say the Dow have shareholders that hold 'disproportionate' power ? _ say 10% more influence than their vote count would suggest? Good luck ! (#) I don't think the term I mean exists. edit: * -> # to avoid italics I think that is the right answer - a dysfunctional organisation is the justification for PMs and BAs if the film crew \ theory x idea is right then an org aisation that is becoming dysfunctional hires more PMs I suspect that they are symptom initially and then cause. Reading the story, and the comments, there seems to be a disconnect between why the kids were delighted - it is not that they are delighted about Linux or XMonad. Or that they are learning valuable life skills. They are delighted to be spending time with dad . Doing something fun, that dad seems engaged in. As a dad, too much time seems to go on the mundane or the boring. Raising up the enthusiasm level, is a marvellous thing for dads and kids. It does not matter if that is installing Linux, writing blog posts, foraging for mushrooms, bird-watching or football. Plus one for spending quality time with the kids. what we actually do it seems is less important than doing it. Enjoy Edit: clarity Handy Manny is a household favourite :-) I consider myself very lucky to work only ten minutes from our house. Its taken some time to get to that stage, and it has proven the whole work/life balance thing for me - finally. If possible I recommend it. I had always assumed I would introduce computers when they started reading and writing but you are giving me some food for thought - thank you. Occasionally I wonder if there should be an alternative syllabus - activities at home to complement the stages of a child's development and if such a thing exists - anyone know? Good luck with the typewriter :-) China is investing in Linux for one simple reason - they can have someone read the source code. A (low-level?) war is going on right now between US and China - and the battlefield are the hardware and software that runs the world. Can't read the code - then we don't trust that you aren't spying on us. Unfortunately I doubt they will extend the same rights to their citizens. On the Nvidia side, this is either the dumbest commercial move ever,(#) or they really do have quite a lot to hide in that code. (#) Really I cannot imagine anyone turning down an order on 10 M PCs. Whats in that code base? Edit: @virdah - thank you for pointing out the should-have-been obvious. Can I just ask a question we produce money as a form of IOU against the future production of the economy, (apples). This debt is really an increase in the money supply each year the government borrows some more - increasing the supply by hopefully an accurate guess of future production if it's a bridge I get it. Gov borrows 1 bn, builds a bridge, there is a new billion dollars worth of value in the economy but apples? If I eat an apple and throw away the core do we then have to reduce the money supply by the price of an apple? When and how is this done? I can see some of the value of the IOU I used to buy the apple hanging around in forms of greengrocer shops, farm worker jobs etc. But some of it really is now, gone maybe I should have listened more carefully in economics lectures. My take is that for the vast majority of applications the network excess is more than compensated for in style, simicity and predictability I like how REST fits my brain and yes that is a rip off of an old Python slogan I would also add that iirr 202 header Location returns can themselves be pointers not to the new resource but to a redirect to a new resource. This enables you to create asynchronously and use a URL scheme that depends on full knowledge ofthe resource. Edit - seems I answered a question that got deleted in the meantime. Weird. Did not seems that bad a question. My take is that for the vast majority of applications the network excess is more than compensated for in style, simicity and predictability I like how REST fits my brain and yes that is a rip off of an old Python slogan returning the resource on every POST / PUT would only be correct in a subset of use cases anyway. If you POST a wall of text to a forum why would you want it back? add to that you may create more than one resource (how many do you return?) Two answers 1. If you are young free and single, hell yes. Having no life commitments is not something every young person finds, and much rarer as you start to go grey. So take the opportunity now if your life fits well. (I am reminded of a poem to the poets younger self, about running barefoot more often, sleeping around more. Those I leave up to you ) 2. The whole career stability thing - there was a recent post about recruitment agencies and another on the non-existent skills gap. In short large companies used to hire right out of school, mentor, train and churn out well rounded professionals. They stopped doing that. A start up is the most likely place to get ten years corporate experience in 2. Maybe. Whi h leads to 3. 3. It totally depends on the start up itself. Gut feel is the best I can suggest. But if you life circumstances can support it, take a flyer and join one. Worst case you are looking again in 6 months but with some intensive experience under your belt. The best comment was something like Think of it not as a startup but an experiment. So much of our self worth gets rolled up in this great idea that if it is attacked, criticised or does not take off we feel personal failure. Putting up a once-removed buffer is likely to make that first step easier for many more people than the traditional entrepreneur mindset. Henley school of business claims to be able to identify the personality type that will succeed as an entrepreneur. I think what we are seeing the lean startup movement might send them back to the drawing board. That depends if the USA was foolish enough to sign such and agreement with Iran. Extraditions are basically quid pro quo contracts between nations. We signed a doozy. The UK signed an extradition agreement a few years back, basically saying we (UK) will allow the US to extradite for crimes that are only crimes in the USA. And we get no reciprocity. Oh, and we need to prove your murders committed crimes to a much higher standard of proof than the other way round. It is a controversial measure - to be honest more controverisal for the 'just what photos of the prime minster and cabinet did the CIA really have?' as opposed to any shock that the UK government failed once again to stand up for itself. No, not bitter. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extradition_Act_2003 But Hollywood stars sit on set 12 hours a day, for a 16 week shoot, as does the rest of the crew. If they only did 15 hours a week the film would not get made. I would be interested In knowing what gigs you do take on and how the code integrates with the work being done elsewhere if you are doing maintenace and bug fixes on a codebase you know I can see how it would work. My apologies if this seems overly aggressive I am just interested in how this could work - we could alll fit in 10 hours a week for beer tokens My question and same to @bartonfink is still what is the work? If I am say design and build a rest backend for a company, and its say two months work at 45 hrs a week, doing 15 hrs a week telling them it will take six months cos I have other clients is a sure way not to get the gig So I amwondering what the actual meat of the work you do is? How did you land the work - is it maintenance from past fulltime gigs, is it real consulting where you are training g the in house teams, I am honestly interested because I am at a bit of a loss as to how to get such gigs myself thank you Thank you good points on the communications side - something I can easily let slide So, my kids will grow up to be what they will be, almost despite my parenting I don't know whether to be relieved or shocked :-) I still am unconvinced that 137 twins are a convincing Trial size when epidemiologists usually think in millions. I can do naught but +1 such a statement :-) I know this question has been asked a million times since 2008, but is there really no way to remove banks and insurers from the 'too big to fail' category? Given that they abuse the Lidor to their own profit, take billions in 'virtual subsidy' from the implicit protection of taxpayers, surely there are means to reduce the risk they apply to all of us Can people tell me how naive I am being with some of the below ideas. Where is the list of actually well thought out ideas? : 1. Create global chapter 11 provisions and let them fail 2. Work out some way that chapter 11's wont snowball 3. create a single inter-operable modelling language so that trades are analysed in real time, and force all trades to be public. At least we know how bad it will be this time. 4. err - unicorns? Fairies? (Honestly, I am asking serious questions. Otherwise its down to the nearest Occupy! rally for me) Edit: can't do lists, removed the splenetic Really? They scare the government, certainly. But that's because we don't reallyknow how deep the debt goes. But control? No more than music film arms and all the other big loosely organised industries. See earlier comment about naive