>To be honest, I am having a hard time finding people to talk about this stuff with. Hi man, I get you. I recently had a long vacation break and started reading lots of things that had in the 'someday' queue. I'm fascinated by all of that but have absolutely no one to talk to about it (they're related to what you wrote, like Ellul). We should get along, drop me an email at alex@ .com ML is the new way to refer to old-school methods such as regression, statistical inference, etc. "Our mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together." "Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to bring transportation—for everyone, everywhere." Yeah, I do not know why but I do not feel very inspired by those ... Not at all. A few months ago I started being extremely pragmatic in everyday life (even against my will which is usually not like that). Things like, say no if you want to say no, answer emails immediately with a sentence at most, find the fastest way to get something done etc... Now I have a lot of time on my hands to do whatever I want, that includes spending the day studying or pondering things which I believe greatly increased the potential of my imagination. Find things that you like and do them, weed out everything else. If you can't shake some of those away, find the most practical way to get rid of them. Good idea in principle, however, did you even try to run a test before releasing it to the public? For a particular term I get the following words having "positive" sentiments: boycott, punishment, greed, backlash, protesters, damaging, upset. How in hell is that positive? Didn't knew Elon was behind this as well. "Close your eyes, honey" Expired SSL. Buterin's attention to detail is why I trust Ethereum so much. Very good idea I love it! I foresee and amazing future for you, just don't give up, keep it going for as long as you can. Cheers! From 2014 to around 2018 I was part of a team that was heavily invested into bringing these concepts to reality. What we accomplished was amazing and I still use some of them tools day-to-day, unfortunately we had to stop. What I wanted to share is that it was extremely hard (and ultimately impossible for us) to accrue a critical mass of people that is willing to use these things AND pay for them. We reached a few hundred paying customers; but we were 6 guys working on this full-time, so that means salaries and overall we were losing money like nothing else. That aside, I would do it again if I could, particularly now that the "standard tools" of the internet have become useless with time. Example, Google never gives me what I want anymore and they're removing the URLs now from the results (why?). If someone reads this and want to kickstart some kind of "internet renaissance" with me, you can reach me here: alex@ .com >An executable file in itself is not malicious Petty crimes can exponentially escalate if some particular aggravants are present. Example: 1. Steal something from a store. 2. Bring a gun. 3. Show it. 4. Discharge it. 5. Injure someone. 6. Kill someone. Each of these things make your punishment much harsher, even if your initial thing was to just steal a chocolate bar (1). Of course! That's pretty much the point of supercomputing. You would be impressed to know the proportion of Master/PhD students who are, in that sense, literal computers. >Check these 4,000 pictures and count the number of green dots you see, store it in an excel table. If you see more than five, send me an email immediately. >Put a 1 on it, then run it, then put a 2 on it and run it, then put a 3 on it and run it, go on until you reach 10,000. When you are done calculate positives/total and infer a p-value. If it is lower than or equal to 0.05, you're done, if it isn't continue until you reach 100,000. If it still higher than 0.05, we'll get you another PhD project. >From the set {a, b, c, d, e, f, g ... z or more} pick two, run the experiment with those, document the result. Pick another two and continue until you exhaust all the possibilities. And the list goes on ... I know the author is well intended and in the end it's her opinion after all. But many of the points she raises are naive when viewed from the point of view of someone who is inside academia. Someone going through a PhD could write a wildly different opinion. In the end it's opinions all the way down, but if you want to "re-imagine" this whole thing you need to start with a much broader vision. >They did the work No, they didn't. If you think so, then any consultant writing whitepapers for McKinsey, PWC or whatever should have a PhD as well. I'm not diminishing their effort or implying their content is not as interesting but a (serious) PhD is about the experience of doing the PhD. I know it sounds weird, but that's the best way I could put it in words. On this line, shoutout to Vultr for their support. Just today I opened a ticket with a relatively simple technical issue. I got a reply in 5 minutes ... yes 5 minutes, I couldn't believe it. My business with them so far is worth about 2 dollars, they will get many more from me, for sure! Hello 1hakr and congratulations! I was looking at your open startups page (love the initiative) and if you show the pageviews for the last year, you can see everything flat and then it pretty much explodes in December. What is the reason for this? Was this the ProductHunt feature? I hate being negative but this article, despite its good intent, just tries to force some very shallow abstractions to the point where it's ridiculous ... On the first example of levels, it's funny that 'guys that can eat where they want' are on the same level (3) as 'billionaries'. Then goes on with the very old (and wrong) belief that for a high net worth individual 50K is chump change and equivalent to a normal guy throwing away a dollar ... Then the "improved" levels do not really make sense as levels: travel freedom can be much more than expensive than house freedom, for sure!; also, one could engage in a philantrophic cause without belonging at the absolute peak of wealth. Another one is how at the highest level in his chart, he uses the expression "What are prices?", implying that people at the highest bracket just do not look at price tags anymore. Honestly, plenty of rich people live fairly frugal lives, while on the other end plenty of people at the bottom spend in a lot of things without thinking twice about the cost and its impact on their lives. And then there is no advice on how to actually climb such arbitrarily defined ladder ... Huh? What's the point of deploying AI with the same shortcomings as humans? >From a machine-parsing perspective PDF files are a nightmare. Can someone with experience care to explain why? Does it have to do with each letter having an absolute position on the document? I have no clue, to be honest. Embrace, extend, extinguish. It's the 90s all over again. Did you do it? More details on why this advice would have worked for you? >it's not very fun Sorry to hear that other people's lives get in the way of your idea of 'fun'. Huh? Well, could you provide an example of your idea of having 'fun' while in a car? Funny that both Honor and Seismic seem like good deals from a quick skim. Both have established their products and markets clearly, pull on decent revenue, have been growing continuously, no scandals, no weird CEOs, nothing illegal, no "break it till you make it" attitude. They are both on sectors which are extremely profitable and whose customers' churn rate is relatively low. SoftBank: Nah, I think I'll pass. Whoops, so long with the "no bullshit" policy. I stopped using them a while ago but for a different reason. I used to use their website to check availability/whois for domains that I was interested in buying. If it was available I didn't buy it at the time but until I finished the website/app whatever I was going to put there, this took me a few months obviously. It happened to me that when I was finally ready the domain had already been sold to someone else. This repeated five times during six or so years. Now, I know, "someone else could have thought the same thing" but I find it very hard to believe that it happens so often. These domains were a bit of niche words that were not hot topics at the time, some of them using fairly uncommon TLDs (like .one). Another weird thing is that they were always registered to someone living/or doing business at India, and it was a fairly simple landing page with a "contact me" link. I'm a bit superstitious so I don't think it was a coincidence. Now, I don't think this is a GANDI problem per se, but my theory is that they share this information (who is looking for which domains) with marketers or something like that, or maybe it was a rogue employee trying to make some money squatting domains. I would have expected this from BigDaddy or similar sharks, but from a company whose motto is "no bullshit" I had much better hope. Anyway, I decided to move (to namecheap if you're wondering) and surprisingly the problem went away. Nice to know I'm not the only one! :D >I recently saw a talk by Atwood ... Interesting, if you could share a link or some other source me and my dinner would appreciate it :) Thank you! s/after/before/ A testimony on how hard it is to compete in a red ocean. Ten years, big growth and still barely a dent on Google's share. But I hope you get there someday. Congratulations to the team behind this! Points of view ... for me the simplest explanation seems to be one linked to the other. The good news is that we are rational and able to find explanations based on evidence. Let's see what comes out in a few weeks. How do they know it's one single atom instead of a small bunch of them? Any insight into why? I didn't know about this. (Haven't changed my desk ever while working somewhere) IMHO assuming a 2% rate this early is a bit disingenuous. This due to the 8,288 confirmed cases not having registered an outcome yet . If you look at people cured vs. people dead, the picture looks much worse, but yeah a lot of variables still come into play (they were prob. the most vulnerable, they were the first ones so treatment may not have been the best, etc.). What a nice way to add to the conversation ... If you have something substantial to post, then do it, otherwise please respect the guidelines of this site ... This is more or less the thing with "Category Theory". Very fancy and neatly structured code but in the end you accomplish pretty much the same; and now nobody on the team understands a bit about what you're doing. It's more like: "Why would we use a framework that nobody understands but you, to accomplish the same stuff a few SQL statements can do?" The former option never wins. Nice preconceptions, they truly add to your argument. CT brings nothing new to the table in terms of "now we can do X that we couldn't do otherwise". If you can provide an example to prove its usefulness, please do. Funny thing is that every time it comes down to "just show me" the hand-waving and "you wouldn't get it" begins. Things that work speak for themselves. >you're scoffing at something you don't understand Actually ... I was also very excited by the promise of CT a few years ago and since then I have read a lot about it and I'm quite confident "I understand" what I'm talking about. I've been programming for about 20 years, half of them with functional languages (or languages with first-class functional constructs: lisp, haskell, scala). I have read the most famous books on CT touching on programming, some of them are signed as I have spent my own money going to some CT conferences and meeting with the people there. As a conclusion, I don't mean that CT is useless in itself. It definitely is a nice mathematical framework and has proven a great tool for a few things here and there in different areas of math. But in the context of computer science, as I said it before, it does not bring anything new to the table. (You beat me to it for a few minutes.) I second this, my work is 10 minutes away cycling, city centre is also about 10 walking. I know that not everyone has this privilege but it really puzzles me how most of my neighbors own (and use) cars to perform pretty much the same commute. Taking money out of context for a bit, when I used to own cars they also took a significant amount of time and attention from me. I know it may not be for everybody but switching to bike+bus+walk has been a liberating experience for me as well. A soundcha ? >there would already be much more deaths than there is now Why? People can be sick for quite some time (in this case, a month, maybe?) and then ultimately die from the disease, this is actually like ... the most common scenario ... I have been unpleasantly surprised by how much people struggle to understand this simple concept. Recovered / (recovered+death) is how you do it. It's common sense, come on ... >If you reply to any one of my other posts I definitely will request his aid to moderate. BACK OFF. Wow. I agree with you that the correct answer is "we have to wait more". And it's been almost 10 years since that. Like CRT's, plasma's burn in, but you cannot buy a new set of eyes. Nice "joke". You could get in real trouble for this, though. >Even more fun? You know who owns that yacht now? DJT. Any reference on that? >also play a huge role in automatic differentiation Could you extend more on how GA plays a role in this? I wish to learn more but don't know where to start. Any leads would be appreciated greatly. I have to ask, who is behind Pioneer? Looks very interesting, I would submit a project or two :D >No. Poverty is a lack of education and, more importantly, mentorship. Privilege is invisible, or so they say. This is an extremely short-sighted approach to trying to find an explanation to poverty. It is also a lazy excuse to avoid thinking more, because it leads to a conclusion like "... hence why they're poor. That's it." I hope one day you have the (mis?)fortune of living under precarious conditions, then you could judge by yourself if your preconceived notions are actually in agreement with what you will experience. And then we will see how long it takes you to "stop being poor", it shouldn't be long right?, as you, presumably, already know how to avoid making the kind of "poor decisions" that makes people stay in that situation. Edit: Check out this comic and see if it opens up your mind a bit. https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/the-wireless/373065/the-pencilswo... This point comes out from time to time, I do not agree with it at all. If history has showed us something, is that great people come from all sorts of backgrounds and situations, and that includes all sorts of families of course! >It won't happen man, don't worry ;) Fast forward a few years, ICANN v2.0 Proper math. It's also easier than you think, even a year of (casual but) serious study will open up your vision and make you feel extremely more confident with your work. I don't like giving you a vague answer to this but math is truly vast so it depends a lot on what you're doing. Tell me more and I could give you more suggestions. In my particular case, I started with Linear Algebra and that led me to some Applied Geometry and now I'm reading some (basic) things about Topology as well. I've also read a lot about Category Theory, in part thanks to HN as it keeps surfacing here often. Hey it's nice to see this here, I just got in last week, I'm the one with the "remote adoption" (for pets!) platform, something I wanted to do for quite some time but never found the right motivation. If Daniel or partners come here, I have a bit of (unsolicited) feedback: When you join late it's easy to feel like no matter what you do you will not be able to reach the top 50% just because of first-mover advantage. Perhaps you could try a dynamic where even latecomers have a good chance as well. Also, it would be good to be able to see all your historical activity within the site, as well as some kind of chart on how has your score been growing through time. I keep this in a notebook, but you could do it for all of us with a few lines of code ... Last but not least, it would be very cool if you could show the complete leaderboard, not just the ones above/below you. This is the main criticism I've seen here and there directed towards the scores on the site being manipulated. If you make this transparent, the problem will go away. >We want to make sure that companies don't offer lower salaries to immigrants, blacks, women etc. What? If anything, that would be an argument IN FAVOR of public salaries ... You're right. I kind of messed up the message. "It's easy, we only need 10% of the total economic output of California" Whew ... Category theory is fine but won't give you "anything new". I wasted a lot of time and money as plenty of big names were praising it (e.g. John Baez) so I followed them on a few conferences/talks. In the end, it's a nice theoretical framework to think about how to structure your code but that's it. If you do want to get involved (and, like me, are coming from a computational background) the book from Bartosz (i.e. the guy from the post) tells you enough to get a good overview of the thing; it's also available for free online. A second recommendation, a bit odd maybe, do not waste your time trying to engage with that community as most people there are incredibly smug and toxic (but if you don't believe me feel free to try it, ymmv). They are now pushing this idea that they're 'opening' the field to everybody and would like as much people to jump on their bandwagon, but they are just trying to get some traction to keep leeching off grants, etc... they couldn't care less about you, I experienced this first-hand. You can learn most of these things on your own anyway, as it is usual with most mathy things. I don't disagree with the premise of the post, when the time comes math will save your ass, for sure. Now, what works? As you mentioned linear algebra and some intermediate statistics would greatly improve your chances. I would drop some geometry as well, geometry has an inherent 'visual/spatial' feeling to it but try to learn it in such way that you become familiar of dealing with it in a completely abstract way. Regarding this, I have noticed a small surge in interest for clifford algebras, geometric algebras, etc... if you have the time pay attention to it, there are some greats talks about it on youtube and this one has an amazing community that I would definitely recommend to engage with. Also interesting to read about, some other algebras that are defined mathematically and are at the foundation of CS, things like lambda calculus come to mind. You don't have to become an expert on these fields to start seeing the benefits. Just build of the habit of reading about one or two topics per week, what they do, how they do it, and before you know a year has gone by and you will feel much more confident in your skills. Anything that requires more attention will naturally drag you to it. Finally, this guy Robert Ghrist is amazing (really!) https://www.math.upenn.edu/~ghrist/ , check him out as well, his talks and other content. He also wrote a book on applied topology (free online as well) which is amazing. Even if you don't understand anything about it, give it a quick skim to have an idea of all the incredible things math can you do for you that you could not have imagined existed! Funny coincidence, I just got hold of this book today. I know corona is a thing now, but it was inside a big box of old books I picked up from a friend's house so it was kind of unrelated. Nice to see it here :) Location: Guadalajara, México. Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Probably, yes Technologies: Very deep knowledge of Node.js and the JS ecosystem (libuv, V8, NaN, ...); C/C++; HPC and CUDA; Scientific Visualization; Math (good w/ Linear Algebra and a love for Geometry and Topology) and a background in Genomics and Bioinformatics. CV: https://moralestapia.com/CV.pdf Email: hn @ moralestapia.com Hi! I checked the details of the job and I think I may be valuable for you, CV is at https://moralestapia.com/CV.pdf Only issue I can think about is that I followed the C/C++ path rather than the Python one. Not that I'm not good w/ Python, but my main strength is C/C++, MPI, CUDA and things of the like. I have a good background with math and formal training in genomics and bioinformatics, so that's always a good thing. I'd be interested in working with you, but I don't know if I am suited for your plans, let me know. You can write me at hn @ moralestapia.com Best wishes. >What makes you think that FB/G don't have the power here? They also risk losing that entire market as well. Let's be honest, nobody loves F or G. If a decent competitor stands up people will gladly switch, even more if they market it as "by Australians for Australians". SV companies are big and great and all that, but to think they are above state jurisdictions is delusional. Your input is great but it begs the question: why, then, isn't production being shut down during this time? Sure, but, >Do solo or small shop vst plugin developers make any money? I love/hate these kind of projects. On one hand they give amazing suggestions and prove useful to small scale devs like me and others coming here. On the other hand, a few weeks from now most of them will be snatched by squatters, essentially rendering them useless for small scale devs like me and others coming here. It is a great tool nonetheless, thanks for sharing it! It's not a "requirement" but by policing/editing content (other than what is explicitly illegal) you open yourself to a whole new set of obligations/liabilities that no one really wants to deal with. IANAL but an example could be: Someone posts a pirate ebook on their facebook profile. They can hide behind the "yeah but it was the user" harbor. vs. Someone posts a pirate ebook on a facebook profile, facebook staff thinks it's cool and puts it on a special themed section called "Pirate picks from today". They will be in trouble. >You're wrong. Stop spreading misinformation. Be a bit more tolerant of other people's point of view. Anyway, I think you are misinterpreting the intention of that sentence. It basically means that, in principle, the behavior of being a "provider or user of an interactive computer service" does not imply that it is "the publisher or speaker of any information provided [...]". But that does not exempt them from potentially being the actual publisher, and all the rights/obligations that go with it. Trivial example: Someone publishing its work on the web (hence becoming a "user of an interactive computer service") does not imply that they lose copyright; even though they "shall [not] be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided [...]". Again, IANAL, but I read a lot of copyright, safe harbor law, DCMAs, etc... and it goes like that. >Social media websites do not fall under any kind of "publisher" obligation No one said they did. But also Section 230 does not imply that they're exempt of that, in the case they become such a thing. And remember that those rights/obligations are acquired the moment they are exercised. Consider the following: Twitter (the platform), on its official twitter account (on their own platform) decides to publish something which has legal repercussions. Are they exempt of them because of that statement on Section 230? No, not at all. I believe that you and root_axis ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23331051 ) confusion arises from the lack of understanding of how Section 230 applies. From your own quoted source: "A defendant must satisfy each of the three prongs to gain the benefit of the immunity: 1. [...] 2. [...] 3. The information must be "provided by another information content provider," i.e., the defendant must not be the "information content provider" of the harmful information at issue." The moment you create your own content (even if you are a content provider yourself) you lose the protection of Section 230 over that. Editing/policing content is, in most cases, akin to creating content. You cannot make a list of "staff picks" and then claim that the content comes from other sources. Putting that list together (even if you're just quoting somebody else) is equivalent to an action of creation, you are the creator of that list. You chose what to put in it and what to exclude. You ARE the original creator of this and Section 230 does not apply for you. I don't know about "they" and "the guy". I was just explaining why, in general, content providers prefer to stay of trouble ... >[..., but] Twitter didn't do this. I was talking in a broad sense. I never accused or defended twitter of doing anything. Please stop making such weak strawmans. Regarding the rest of your arguments, you're basically agreeing with me with a different set of words. I am glad you got the point :). You got the point! Meaning that the statement by eanzenberg: >"As they move into a “publisher” role, they will be liable in count (sic)." Is not wrong. At least not over what concerns Section 230. To paraphrase and summarize the whole discussion: "As they move into a “publisher” role, Section 230 will not exempt them from what they do." $100,000 (!) Props to Apple for raising the bar on bounties! Well then ... A friend of mine was driving home up 101. There was a large boat sitting in her lane. She thought her brain was playing tricks on her but eventually figured out there was actually a boat sitting on the highway. She was able to avoid the boat. That's the problem with rumors. Yes and no, if you were driving based on a stream of fixed, low-res, low-framerate video you would definitely crash more often than you do now. You're also disregarding the (hugely important) role of other senses like sound and stuff like "I saw a bike coming from the right 10 seconds ago, where should it be now?". >the kinds of things that qualify as weird have definitely shifted Weird to think about what is considered 'weird' now, actually. For instance, more people have distanced from me after I politely tell them that "I don't do drugs" than any other thing I can think of. I honesty don't get it, but yeah, the standards by which people are judged have varied greatly with time. >Have you ever tried {insert recreational drug here}?? You're missing out, etc. Yeah I get that a lot. I get what you're saying and, incidentally, you made a pretty good point, "People distance from you because they don't want to be judged as weird themselves ..." Isn't this, more or less, always the case? The way I see it is some sort of 'tribal' instinct, us vs. them, kind of thing. The norms that define inclusion/exclusion from the group could change everyday. I find it frustrating and honestly quite sad how many people cannot get past this issue, and how many good relationships and opportunities never take off because of this barrier. Does anyone know of something like this but with editable cells? >Insurance is NOT a financial instrument. Insurance is supposed to be a safety mechanism that protects you if something bad happens. You will have an unpleasant surprise ... Sorry but two wrongs don't make a right. >It would be so expensive that you could cut the budget in half and just...go to the moon. Not even close. Very nice read, thanks. It made me recall a nice memory as well. A while ago we (me and some friends) were helping out in some hurricane struck area. We were basically cleaning and throwing away stuff. In one house there was a Disklavier that was ruined and almost completely covered with mud. We asked the owners if we could keep it and they were like 'sure yeah just take it from here'. We spent a good month just playing with it, taking out everything, then trying to put it back together. Aside from the physical keys, nothing was salvageable but it was a very fun experience. I did but didn't know how good they were until pretty much now that I read your comment :D. I remember I was overall impressed by the quality of everything, even on things that nobody would ever see. Your comment sent me into a rabbit hole where I didn't knew the Disklaviers were capable of measuring and recording release velocity. That made me look up which MIDI controllers do the same and turns out I have one that does (Axiom Pro), and since I'm a music nerd now I'm using that on some software synths (and want to learn the proper technique for playing with it, which will take me months probably). Thanks! >Grime music To each his own, I gave it a try and couldn't stand it >Self-hosting This may not be the future but I really want it to become true and am willing to devote significant money and time to make it a reality. If anyone wants to join me feel free to reach me via email. You read my mind, ilolu. Lately, I've had so much time in my life that I've been literally coding out of boredom. I am a great engineer with 15+ years of experience doing hundreds of different things. I do not need money. I need to feel, once again, that I have made the impossible, possible. If you wish to get in touch send me an email to hn @ .com. I leave it here from time to time and a few folks have decided to write back. One day, hopefully, we could be a community of sorts. (Audio/DSP) plugins are a tricky thing, it is not uncommon for some of them to have assembly or processor specific instructions to squeeze out as much performance as possible. Your 'budget' in this domain is limited to only a few milliseconds ... You are currently sending the shadiest verification email I ever encountered. Hard to define the null hypothesis on this one, to be honest ... >This is the Zune of phones to me. The Zune was a great device yo. From the slides, >5 turning points of SoftBank >1981 Big bet after one month of business foundation >1983 Fight against illness >1994 IPO, ventured into US >2001 Start broadband business >2006 Acquired Vodafone KK Lol, what about the one-in-a-lifetime investment opportunity in Alibaba, which they took probably by chance, and pretty much MADE the modern SoftBank. >It is normal to decline the business of people you don't want to do business with. Wait what? I would love to hear your take on this then, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masterpiece_Cakeshop_v._Colora... A comment on the side, >JavaScript Date is broken in ways that cannot be fixed without breaking the web. I really dislike the arrogant tone that many "new" people employ when talking about some "old" thing they are trying to "improve". (Quotes are there to indicate sarcasm). Date is not 'broken', it may just not do whatever the author wishes it did; it is not 'broken' in the sense of failing to perform its intended function adequately. I hope people could change their ways and be a bit more decent in general. Aside from that, I welcome the new API as I think it would be an improvement over what we have now. >I used to stay awake at night because it was finally quiet enough that I could concentrate. Same here, particularly during a time when I was living in a noisy apartment building. It was particularly difficult for me as I didn't to take sleeping pills since I'm a bit against those things. >Whoever cracks this particular nut without headphones and manages to create a bubble of 2 cubic meters or so that is silent from outside interference will make a lot of money. One of the first things when I got myself an RTX 2080, was learning how to use the ray tracing APIs to develop an idea similar to what you mention. I was using the rays to model the wavefront of an arbitrary source of sound, and then, given a 3D scene of a "room" or whatever, visualize how this wave was traveling through the space and reflecting over surfaces with different parameters. The point of this was to see if you could find/predict the spots in a room/house/building where noise is naturally damped. The visualization was very nice to look at as I modeled the wavefront as if it had an exaggerated effect over the diffraction of light on the air. I cannot find it now, but there used to be a 2000s or so tv ad for the Beolab 5 which looked very similar in essence, maybe also a bit like schlieren photography [1]. [1] https://ntts-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/t2p/prod/t2media/tops/img... Similar anecdote, I started developing apps for the iPad as soon as it came out (2010). Around 2014, a recruiter didn't want to give me a senior position since "they usually look for people with 8+ years of experience". ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ >Firstly, the video is low latency, which means that the time between you broadcasting and the time the video shows up on your viewer’s screens can be as low as 2-3 seconds. Excuse my ignorance, and I'm sure 2 seconds is probably an engineering feat, but I'm genuinely curious. What is it that prevents latency to go as down as a few hundred ms (pretty much close to and IP round trip) ? Not OP but (s)he never mentioned anything about shipping broken products ... I am also not a native speaker and I had never, EVER, made that association until now that I read about it. Shoot me an email (check profile), I used to live in Saudi and know plenty of agro as well. On Page 92, under Biotech, >The problem that I remain the most passionate about is for us to make some real and continued progress in the fight against aging and death. But how does one help? Really. I've been in academia for more than 10 years. I've had done some really promising stuff and know people with pretty cool projects that are 1,000% worth pursuing. Yet I have found virtually zero support as I don't play well with the "the politics of science". The problem is that the "politics of science" are typically against "actually doing science" as there is no surplus of time, energy and willpower that allows one to pursue both ends. I would like people to consider that this is one of the biggest obstacles hindering human development (in science at least). This thing really needs to change, for the benefit of everybody involved. A significant part of the problem lies in the issues presented by you and the parent comment. "Science advances one funeral at a time". Make this premise obsolete and we will have a massive roi in science, probably keeping expenditure within the same order of magnitude. I am not speculating, I am truly convinced of it. Hello Alice, off-topic but it's great to see you here. I keep a binder at my desk with printed articles from the web that I find interesting enough to want to keep forever (and give to my children one day). In there is your take on 'playing to win' on the minecraft economy. Thanks for that. The open stance on R&D that the industry is currently adopting is good for everybody involved. I hope it will become the norm someday. Journals and other centralized entities that regulate access to science should wane and disappear, the sooner the better. >Or maybe create a system where people don't have to rely on churches and rich people for charity. Grow up, there is no utopia and whatever works already is better than nothing. Bartosz truly deserves to be more widely known. His Category Theory for Programmers book is an excellent introduction to the CT world if you come from a Computer Science background (well ... duh it says it right there in the title) and know very little math. Highly recommended to give it a try, even if the topic doesn't seem to fit you. This is one of those books that will make you a better programmer regardless of what you do. >labs operate largely as fiefdoms of the individual principal investigators To add to the injury, you wouldn't believe the extent of the actions to which some PIs become engaged in order to attain/preserve their 'power'. Illegal, unethical and pathetic. The core problem is that PIs are human, and humans are flawed. The solution (if there is one) should take this into account, and somehow try to reduce it systematically, at an institutional level. The problem is that the ones that make the rules are not going to fight against themselves ... I wish I had something more to add, but that's it, that's the state of the field. How to build a good search engine: 1. Actually return the results matching the words that people typed in your search box. The more they match, the more they go up. More and more, it has become extremely disappointing what you get back from Google (and others as well). Verbatim search (where you surround exact terms in quotes), seems to have vanished in the last year or so. More often than not I have clicked on a result, only to find out that my particular query is nowhere to be found on the site, but some "related stuff" does. >why can't we simulate a whole brain? Of what size? A worm, a fly? Doable. A mouse? Possibly in the next couple years. A human? No ETA but definitely happening in our timeline. >1% of research is fraud You are way, waaaaaay underestimating the extent of the problem. Perhaps I was in an extremely corrupt environment (which eventually made me leave), but I would put the "intentional fraud" rate as high as 30% or so. I pointed out one of such instances once and that was the beginning of the end for me in that place. More: My field was Biology. No one double checks anyone or anything. A measurement comes back and you can just pretty much ignore it, in the end you just write whatever you need for your thesis to hold (I mean not me, but that's pretty much everybody's dirty secret). In the rare case that someone actually wants to check it out (1 in 1,000), you can just say that the "original data was lost". Sometimes the only thing you can trace back is some sort of written journal, in which anybody could write anything and that doesn't make it true/false. Not long ago, there was a group of scientists that went on to try to replicate some landmark results on cancer research (I'll update with a good reference if I find it) and found out that only a very low number of them matched their observations. Some of those were not even close ... like, waaaay outside a very generous experimental margin of error. Huh? But he didn't ... he just fled. When I started my PhD I became tangled in a similar situation. I denounced it and it got me kicked out of that program. I had to start over, but I would do it again if the situation called for it. No amount of money or "awards" compensate for having a dishonorable life. "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing" Nice and thanks for sharing. I have a question, did you use a framework or did you code that from scratch? >[...] the problematic behaviours you describe are encouraged at the institutional level Yes, which is why I wrote, >[...] and somehow try to reduce it systematically, at an institutional level. Power games. In my specific scenario, she said I was underperforming and didn't want me anymore as her student, there's nothing much one could do after that. Of course I tried to defend my stance, even provided solid evidence of her wrongdoings and overall attitude towards me and other students. In the end it was "just better if you just leave". >Were there consequences for the fraudsters? Zero. Air pollution is something to be taken very seriously, Regarding that (and since we are hackers here), I bought myself one of these last year: https://m5stack.com/products/pm-2-5-sensor-usb-power-sht20 Pretty affordable and it works really well, readings match another device I have which was much more costly. Since then I turn it on from time to time, I live in an apartment near a highway, I am impressed by: How much air quality changes between days, during the day and depending on whether there's traffic or not, how much it changes due to household activities (cooking, cleaning). and how it changes when someone is smoking, even outside of my unit. Thanks to this I have developed a routine of opening/closing windows at certain times that allows me to improve the average air quality inside my place. If I had the time (and some actuators) I could probably automate that, that would be cool yeah :D. I highly recommend getting one of these or a similar sensor. Also, I'm looking to find something similar but capable of measuring CO and CO2, if anyone knows let me know. Thanks, I asked you as I was writing something (in Notes) and would like to make it somehow into a formatted HTML like yours. Oh boy, Series E. If you raise Series E it means either you are doing extremely well or your business is drowning and you need a lifesaver. A business that is doing really well typically raises much more than 85M, so I'm going to go with the latter option. In which case, also, an 85M lifeline at this stage means you are not worth that much alive ... IMO I can see in a very clear way the downfall of SO happened, they undermined the community that made them rise in the first place. Their most valuable asset IS the community, way more than the knowledge base they have accrued. People no longer feel comfortable going there. I wouldn't be surprised if their MAU is going down. Too bad for Atwood which I think is responsible for the culture that SO initially had, and which lured many of us to contribute. Since he left, it's hard to put it in words but something changed. I don't think he's happy with how the site turned out to be down the road. tl;dr; what this series E means is that SO will become the new experts-exchange sooner than later. > https://invidio.us/ Cease and desist in 3 ... 2 ... 1 Wait ... you can RECORD ! Cmd + D : Desktop, that's the one I use. Cmd + Shift + A : To show the bar. It would be interesting to see if an AI can learn about the movements that trace someone's particular handwriting, perhaps it can identify and reproduce the different "styles" involved (i.e from person to person). >[...] it takes me ages to convince myself this implementation is correct. Is that supposed to be difficult? Not trying to be snarky, I'm honestly surprised, do people actually struggle with this? Googlers in particular? "[...] WORLDWIDE, EXCEPT FOR QUEBEC, CRIMEA, CUBA, IRAN, SYRIA, NORTH KOREA, and SUDAN" Huh? What's wrong with Quebec? >The quality of life for anyone living off the Earth would be abysmal. I agree with the general sentiment of your post, however, this may not be necessarily true. If you have a shelter that provides adequate conditions for life, that's it. Sure, no more walks in the park, but still doable. Plenty of people have not left their homes at all in the past few months and they seem to be ok-ish. >I guess if you don't appreciate the outside world I never said that. Sorry, I didn't know you were throwing a tantrum. I thought we were having an honest discussion. I can tell you, for sure, that there are people on this earth which are living under an overall worse standard of living than the one you would probably find in early mars colonies; and they outnumber people like us, with food, clean water, internet access, etc... That obviously sucks, but to say that life on Mars is going to be necessarily worse than life on Earth is an argument that is quite easy to disprove. Check this [0]: "Around 9 million people die every year of hunger and hunger-related diseases" "A child dies from hunger every 10 seconds" and also, by the end of the article: "2.5+ billion people in need of water" I don't care if its a "slum" or not, it could be happening in Switzerland and it wouldn't make a difference for me as I'm not discussing the "aesthetic" side of the argument. If people on a Mars colony have enough food and water (which they almost certainly will), they will be doing better than the ones referred to at in the article. 0: https://www.theworldcounts.com/challenges/people-and-poverty... Neil would you be interested in turning this into some sort of service? I could help with that, shoot me an email (check profile). >not some kind of mastermind PR I would believe one would hire one or two of those for a multi-billion dollar exercise tho. Disclaimer: I truly dislike this technology for my own personal reasons. That aside, I think the problem you bring up is pretty much "solved" as the only thing that is missing are training sets. Pretty much like when Tesla just needed a bunch of driving footage to start improving its self-driving AI, and they got it. The first Neuralinks (I believe) will be intended to gather as much data as possible in order to tackle this concrete issue. After that is going to be a quite vanilla "big data + ML" type of job. It would be cool to see, if different people have different neuronal dynamics for the same sort of "activity". Who knows what it will be found. Regarding "the pig demo", we don't know for sure if they can do that to any pig wearing a neuralink (i.e. like installing software) or if the data/model was produced and meant to work on that particular pig only. >formal software verification There is a big misconception that this provides some sort of guarantee that the software will not behave in unexpected ways. It is just another tool and as such it has its own limits. >because you're going to need millions For sure, increasing # of electrodes + bandwidth must be on the roadmap. You may not need to go as deep and broad as you believe. Most processing happens on the cortex anyway, the interior (white matter) is pretty much interconnection. Also, the action of one neuron could trigger thousands of others in quite remote regions, so you could probably get a decent picture of what's happening without having to cover it all. I was honestly quite impressed by "the pig demo", I wouldn't have guessed that would be possible with the current state of their tech. >That is absolutely not the case, and we are absurdly far from anything like it. We haven't even been able to decode very much useful information from the "brain" of a nematode yet Huh? What?! Have you actually watched the update? They decode the position and movement of the limbs of a pig as it is walking, in real-time, with uncanny accuracy. Oh, I see your point. Yeah, we are not even sure how consciousness emerges. But, for sure, some sort of crude i/o with someone's thoughts could be established, and not far away. Perhaps they should ask for that when the user is closing the program. "Would you like XXX to update so that the next time you open in you'll have a the new version?" I think I would probably say yes under such scenario. If someone involved in the project sees this, * I would really like to install PleromaFE and use it * But your download links are broken ... come on Thanks antognini, it made so much more sense now. >And seriously, it's much better for your career and your next job hunt if you were to resign on your own accord, than for us to have to fire you [...] Careful with this, it's not legal. > [...] new guidelines for acceptable levels of clothing coverage that everyone on the website is required to follow, including digital characters like Melody. Given that their experiment was quite successful and already had a few sponsors ... couldn't they just add some clothing to avoid being banned? That's coercion, literally. Is there an "upper" limit on the mass of a black hole? I would guess "no" but then again I'm not a physicist, maybe there's a surprise down the road. >SpaceX could hit a button (well, run a script, probably) and Starlink would disappear within 2-4 weeks. Make me wonder what kind of security is in place to prevent a bad actor from doing that. Is there some 'field' of CS that deals with this? I would love to read about it. >having been "perceived" in a way by some (possibly) [redacted] Perhaps you're a young man. Warranted or not, 90s Gates was the prototype for the asshole tech CEO. Only Larry Ellison came close, and that's saying something ... I love the idea but I think you (author) need a lot of time/support polishing this. You need a team probably. Also, >Superfast proof generation time of around 1000 proofs per second per core. Does this limit in any way things like read/write perfomance or usability in general? Yup, I do not mean to discourage the authors. I truly like the project and I have a few things in mind that could make use of it already. (Heck, one of them is pretty much Graviton + a front end). But I cannot just jump into it as there's some real money involved and no one wants to experiment with that. I see a bright future for Graviton, once it becomes tested and stable in production environments. Those annexations were "easy". Take Guam, for instance, I'd love to see someone try to annex it by force. I'd love to see someone try to annex it by force, now . This is true, but then also, sometimes that's exactly what you need. I'm always left wondering how something like this could happen. I kind of get Y2K and stuff like overflows ... but this one? Really? Did someone put a regex like /^15... to "match" dates? Wow ... I'm ... I'm sure there's a better way to handle this. Great idea, thanks for sharing! Glad to hear your story. I'm on the same boat nowadays :) Wow, if this were not hosted on house.gov I wouldn't believe it was real. Edit: A side note, Kendall's current venture is about "‎Break[ing] your screen and social media addiction". You're free to make any assumptions regarding that in connection to this hearing. It could easily pass as sci-fi about some technological dystopia. It's not only a conspiracy theory. If you hear about the bully at school stealing someone's lunch, you would be inclined to believe it's true, even though you were not there at the time. Plenty of abuse and mismanagement from these companies have affected a lot of people, to different degrees, and that sets a precedent over which we all subjectively evaluate their actions. Just last month I had a Twitter account for a side gig banned for absolutely no reason and with zero explanation. I am more inclined to believe the "rich kid from LA" story than the "hack"/"sim swapping" whatever nonsense. Why? Because I see it happening all the time, everywhere. I'm pretty sure it has more to do with the HN algo where some keywords rank higher than others. "Uber" "Billion" "Self-Driving" are hot topics by themselves and this one is all of them in one. >I disagree, he did not discovered a property, he discovered and described the CRISPR mechanism. Exactly this! You cannot downplay his influence, at all . He also did speculate on plenty of those applications. Really weird to have him excluded. >[...] the problem that killed Concorde: Civilian sonic booms over populations are illegal Did this killed the Concorde? I don't know the story well, but I always though it was because it was never a profitable venture but it was kept because it was good PR. Then the accident happened and it was just not worth it anymore ... > https://theadaptivemarketer.com/2012/01/14/a-pricing-lesson- .... Thanks! I did not know about that. You are missing an /s, right? ... r-right? :S (Speculation) I believe it has more to do with the psychological effect of "knowing" beforehand that you are about to consume a high amount of sugar. In the case of artificial sweeteners you know it's going to be sweet, yes, but you also already know that it is not real sugar and you are somehow "safe", and so, the stress involved is diminished. Not an explanation, but a benefit could be that SVMs can be evaluated much faster and are more explainable (* Citation needed, I know). I am sure you are able to grasp the essence of what @rayiner is trying to say. Oh boy, I HIGHLY DOUBT that Brendan "was the wrong person for the job" ... I'l piggyback on @jamestimmins' comment. Let us know more, I have similar issues and intentions to try to improve up the social fabric around my neighborhood. You can both send me an email (see profile), this is something that gets me very excited as well! >Extremely simplified, all you need to do is drill a hole deep enough for a high temperature difference. >There's plenty of asteroids rich in gold/titanium just floating around. All you have to do is bring them here. Sent an email :D sci.app Sucks that the site is down at the moment, but if you would like to help me build a futuristic take on how science could be improved drop me an email. Also, if you like/work on science in general, get in touch, there's plenty to do! >[...] has brought him an immense amount of joy and continues to, and the community that has emerged from it is full of some really amazing people. This is pretty much why I am pursuing the creation of something like this in my hometown. Can you provide (or estimate) numbers on that? And also, what is the threshold for deciding which platform is on one side or another? That's correct, but ... there's a reason why he chose to use a different last name :) Oh I didn't know that actually. Thanks. Also, for anyone who is not familiar with Duncan's work, Moon is an amazing movie! Yeah, I just spent a fair amount of time trying to find this guy's twitter account and got nothing ... If anyone finds it, please share. Maybe we can fix this! Email at profile :) Sure, your own comment. I get the point but we would go further if we just stopped trying to police other peoples' peculiarities ... particularly ones as trivial as these. Michael O' Church has written some amazing blog posts. If you tolerate his style, I highly recommend reading him. Too bad he fell out of grace from the SV elite (and I can totally see why). I wish he continued writing as much as he was back in the time. "... the resulting SEC fines from this illegal manipulation ..." Plus time in prison. I agree GP's argument is a bit exaggerated, but this would be more akin to Apple announcing "we will no longer let you play music from XXX". IANAL but maybe there's grounds for a lawsuit on that. I really want this but the Warcraft 3 remaster was so so so bad that I'm holding my breath until I can play it first. I've lived through all the spectrum of apartments from modest to exclusive and luxurious. One thing does not imply the other, it's a matter of luck + how (un)civilized are the people surrounding you. You're right, haven't experienced anything beyond 10M. I guess at the very top you don't have these issues at all. Sorry to hijack the thread but can anyone suggest alternatives to the 'search' side of Elasticsearch? I haven't been following the topic and there's probably new and interesting developments like ClickHouse is for logging. >It is used to index half a billion objects on a $5/mth 1-vCPU SSD cloud server (as of 2019). Damn. Thank you! This looks very nice! Wow! Thank you! Not trying to be snarky but Vitalik itself is ETH's 51% attack ... What's the point of decentralized cryptocurrency when it falls down on the hands of one person. That "little thing" when they rolled out contracts and pretty much showed how easy it was to manipulate the currency at their whim ... "A group of researchers" still doesn't feel like decentralized to me. Sure, but don't forget SpaceX is a for-profit organization. An opinion for an opinion, From my (first-hand) experience with him, he is quite egotistical and I definitely wouldn't describe his manner as "hearthly". That does not change anything regarding his accomplishments and insights, though. Hi Rachit! Great product, I have a question, do you offer (or plan to offer) an API for developers? That kind of makes it or breaks it for me. But that applies to history, right? Like undos, revisions, etc... Or is that "any data that is older than a year"? What a great idea and a fun read! For an April fool's gag this is a truly remarkable work, kudos to the author! Factorio, Eve Online, Chess, (or whatever you enjoy doing) *IS* the intellectual potential of humanity. Oooh, the memories! :D Used to do that w/ friends who had unltd. call plans. From empirical evidence, other people's saliva tastes like nothing. Source: Dating. Not the first time Moxie does something "questionable", to put it lightly ...