I think the main difference between VeryAnts and these are that those are actually supposed to be useful in some way. But I could be wrong. Do you have any suggestions? I'm all ears Is the source code for this available somewhere? I'm curious about how exactly you're sending the text messages, and I can't really tell anything from a quick glance at the binaries included in the zip. Definitely yes! I'm currently a senior studying CS. Many of my classmates freshman year had never written a line of code in their life beforehand. Now, some of the best programmers I know at my school are those same people. If you're passionate about it and willing to put in the effort, then I say go for it! What (if anything) are people's thoughts on runit? I started trying out Void Linux a couple of days ago, which uses it by default. I haven't spent a whole lot of time reading up on it, but from my initial understanding of it, it seems to avoid the issues that people seem to have with both systemd and sysinitv. (Of course, it might just be that it's not used by enough people for anyone to have strong negative opinions about it) I noticed the same thing while reading it. I assume that this is just a mistake or misunderstanding by the author, and they actually meant "weaker". Of course, switching to a weaker set of axioms would mean that some of the things proved by the old set might not be provable anymore, which still seems like an issue... My Dutch professor in college actually wrote out the "ij", but the tail of the "i" connected with the "j", making it appear to be "ÿ". It kind of blew my mind the first time I saw him write it out haha This is freaking amazing Google Keyboard just started doing that to me, and I can't figure out how to turn it off... > I can walk around a bad part of town at 2am, but if I get shot, I'm still going to be mad at the shooter. I'm not sure calling LinkedIn the shooter in this analogy is completely fair; maybe more like the cop two streets over getting a donut. I definitely prefer more verbose names to abbreviated ones, but I'm not sure that never abbreviating a variable name is the right way to go either. Surely there's a middle ground between `Ttpfe` and `timeOfTenPercentHeightOnTheFallingEdge`? This is really cool! Are the sets of three predefined, or are they getting pulled randomly each time? Also, is there some sort of you used to get the info (date, scoring call, video URL) for each play, or did you manually scrape it? Suggestion: keep track of which ones have already been shown in the current streak to avoid repeats? I did 100 of them, maybe 10% of which were repeats (I got Bellsprout four or five times on its own) I think in the context it was used, "the law" is referring to the FOIA rather than being used as the general term for all laws. (Not taking a stand on whether the statement is correct or not though, as I don't have any specific knowledge about that) Some of these are pretty amazing, like the `digits` method and the new OptionParser functionality (which seems to be a sort of standard library equivalent to doctopt!). That being said, I can't help but shake my head at the section about "multiple assignment of conditionals: "You can now assign multiple variables within a conditional...You probably shouldn’t do that though." Am I alone and thinking that it's a little bit hypocritical to specifically add functionality to your language if you don't want people to use it? Or is this just a joke that's gone over my head? I just did another hundred (on ultimate), and got Marshtomp, Shellder, and Pawniard each twice. Also, I got one wrong at one point (Misdreavus's silhouette was just an unrecognizable blob to me haha), but it didn't have me start over and instead just let me try the other options. Not sure if that's expected or not, but I figured I'd check, since it didn't give me a message telling me what was going on, so I thought the button wasn't working at first. I'm still waiting to get either Voltorb or Electrode and have them both in the options. It would be literally impossible without viewing the actual image... Ah, okay, I confused this with an official recommendation. Thanks for the clarification! Not disagreeing with the relative simplicity of Python compared to Ruby, but the degree to which the Python community is adamant that there is always only one way to do something has always baffled me. What about `map` versus a list comprehension, or `glob` vs `os.path`? Obviously Python has pretty clear standards about what the correct way to do something in the language is, but I feel like the persistent claim that there's always exactly one way to do something can range from oversimplified, misleading, or just plain wrong. Thanks, that's a very clear and well thought out explanation. I'll make sure not to take the skeptical detracting too far in the future! > There are many horror stories of non-Apple consumer laptops breaking, and it taking weeks for them to be repaired. At Apple they fix laptops in the store in a day or two, depending on whether they have replacement parts in stock. The only time I ever went to an Apple Store for support on a laptop it did get get fixed within a couple days, but they also replaced my fully-functional hard drive (with all my data) when the only thing broken was the SATA cable. The conversation I had to have with them to convince me to put my original hard drive back in the laptop was pretty mind-numbing, going through stages of "we don't know where the hard drive is" to "we have it, but we can't give it back to you". I did eventually get the original hard drive back, but that experience kind of soured me to the whole "Apple experience", one of the many factors that eventually led me down the road to learning Linux and basic PC repairs, allowing me to order SATA cables and the like from Amazon and replace them in laptops myself. What blows my mind is that it's actually like 15% shorter than since that includes the makefile and readme JS, too, right? Forget "large" standard library, there really isn't any standard library at all Not necessarily; looking at it another way, having lots of programmers who are interested in R might mean that the job market for them is fairly saturated, meaning recruiters don't have to advertise as much or as long Well, JS was originally competing with Java applets in the browser, but, like you said, fitness for purpose is pretty significant! My point (or rather, the point of the parent comment that I'm agreeing with) there's a lot more than just the presence and characteristics of a standard library that determine how widespread a language becomes I'm not sure I'd classify them as a standard library; they're essentially just pervasive global variables. For a comparison, think of Java; the standard library is things like `java.util` and `java.swing`, which goes far beyond having the `System` and `Math` classes available in `java.lang`. I'm pretty sure Rust was originally written in OCaml, not Haskell. Unfortunately, I'm unable to find any references for this, as googling mostly leads to other comments (on HN and reddit) saying the same thing, and Wikipedia's footnote for the sentence stating this seems to be a reference for other parts of the sentence. That being said, Rust itself is heavily inspired by Haskell; most notably, Rust's traits are pretty much equivalent to Haskell's typeclasses in almost every imaginable way, up to and including the way they can be derived for types. Too bad we had to go and make displays with different pixel densities... By "gender specificity", do you mean the word itself, or the people targeted by the insult? Using the word "gato" to describe a woman would be nonsensical, and I don't think that a word predominantly being used to insult only one gender (such as "bastard") makes it any less of an insult. In this case, I don't think the distinction is really that important; I think checking if someone is single or in a relationship to target them with an ad is more intrusive than checking if they're in a group of a few dozen thousand people who are single and like cats. Which style do you use for this? I tried doing something like that once, but there were issues with visibility in a lot of the sites, so I ended up having to go back I sometimes do that, but the output loses the color it had, which can make parsing it a bit tricky (although the less noisy new format will help a bit with that) Thanks, I never knew this trick! This is working for me with "cargo build", but not "cargo test" unfortunately This partially works for me with "cargo test"; it also seems to print a control character ('^O') after every colored string, as well as at very beginning of the output. Additionally, after a certain amount of output (maybe 1.5 times my terminal height), it prints an ellipsis and stops printing anything new. Thanks a bunch for pointing me towards `expect`, though! I hadn't used it before, and I'll definitely do some experimenting with it to see if I can get my desired output with it. Cantor's diagonalization is a great example; I'm definitely not a "math person", but I was awestruck the first time I learned about it. People had explained the idea of uncountability to me before, but I never really "got" it until then. I can't think of a better word to describe its effect on me other than "beautiful". I remember when I was in my middle school orchestra, occasionally I'd get a piece of sheet music with this problem. If it was bad enough, it might even make it impossible to read the last few notes. If you could fix this for your wife, I'm sure her students will greatly appreciate it! I'm not sure I follow your example; what if the ten tallest people are all on the same section? > It's never used anymore, I suppose, except for the old school people who still have enough muscular memory built up to write it that way. I know I do; I learned it from some computer magazine in the 80's and have a hard time letting go. I was born after the 80s, and I use that shorthand (although I suppose this probably says more about me than it does about the shorthand itself). I didn't even understand the original comment until I read through the whole thing because I mentally read it as "Ctrl+D" A bit tangential, but I just noticed that in the Arch Linux repos, `libtiff` is version 4.0.6, but there's another package called `libtiff4`, which is version 3.9.7. I don't suppose anybody here might know the rationale behind this bizarre version/naming paradigm? Ah, okay, I somehow didn't realize that the trailing number referred to the number in the library file. Thanks! My only gripe with the newer MagSafe variant is that the part that attaches to the actual port comes out much further than the old one, so when I sit with the laptop on my lap and my legs crossed, I always accidentally push it upwards with my left leg just enough that it becomes unplugged, and then I don't notice it's not charging until I get a notification saying my battery is low. I can't imagine anyone else has this problem, but it happens to me several times a week. I don't see how that would be any less hard to define than `setMonth` or `setHour` But `getDate` is separate from `getDay`, so why isn't there a `setDay` as well as a `setDate`? So why not have a method that sets the day of the week as well? It just seems odd to me that they would implement setters for all of the other time units but not this one Given that `setMinute` sets the minute in the same hour and `setHour` sets the hour in the same day, I'd think `setDay` setting to the day in the same week would be rather logical What if I wanted to get the day at the beginning of the week that a date occurred in? For instance, if you had a payroll system where you paid hourly workers weekly, it would be useful to be able to bucket the hours worked on the day that the paycheck is sent So setting the day of the week would set to that day in the same week the date occurred; I don't think that's any weirder than calling `setMonth` to change the month on a date I'm pretty sure he's saying that they made it too easy to read, at the expense of being easy to write (with the premise that these are opposite ends of a spectrum stated above) It seems to be missing "aid and comfort" (from the clause of the U.S. Constitution about treason). Not sure if this is used anywhere else, but it seems similarly redundant from my non-lawyer perspective, in that if were only "aid" and not comfort, it seems absurd that it would be functionally different I have the QC25; they similalry for me as the other models do for you. I'd highly recommend them to someone looking for silence in an open office (Note that you'll have to be listening to some sort of sound for them to be maximally effective; simply turning on the noise cancellation without playing music or some other sound through them reduces the noise, but not by as much) > I carefully curate the people I follow, roughly for any given day, I can read the tweets in my timeline written on that day - all of them. When twitter's algorithm "surfaces" certain tweets, it removes them from the regular timeline, so if I dismiss their seemingly randomly selected "While you were away", I wont ever see them again! How brain-damaged is this? I have the exact same issue; I follow less than thirty accounts, and I want to read everything from all of them. When I tried dismissing the "While you were away...", I was missing many tweets, so I was forced to turn it back on. I bought the Lenovo Ideapad 700 a little over a month ago, and Linux has been running beautifully on it. I needed was to add a couple of kernel parameters to be able to adjust the backlight, but I had to use similar parameters for my last laptop, so it wasn't a surprise to me. It came with a 128 GB NVMe SSD as well as a 1 TB HDD (which I switched out for a spare SSD I had), 16 GB of RAM, and a 6th-gen i7 quad-core processor. The graphics card it came was with an Optimus setup (i.e. using the discrete Nvidia card for acceleration only and the integrated Intel graphics for everything else), but given that I don't do anything GPU-intensive and I didn't feel like doing an advanced setup like PRIME, I just disabled the discrete GPU in the bios settings. I find the touchpad to be very good quality, and it works beautifully with the defaults provided by the synaptics driver (I tried to use the newer libinput driver, but I couldn't find a way to turn off middle-click paste, so I switched back to synaptics). The screen is only 1080p, so it might seem a little low-res if you're used to Retina displays, although I honestly don't care enough to find it very noticeable. The only complain I have is that the computer beeps kind of loudly when you press the function shortcut to open the boot menu (e.g. in order to boot from USB), but given how infrequently I need to do that, it's not a huge deal to me. If you're interested, I got it through the link below for a pretty good price (the 'emailprice' querystring parameter seems to reduce the price by about $250, which is nice). http://www.adorama.com/le80ru00fsus.html?emailprice=t EDIT: If you have any specific questions about the laptop, I'd be happy to answer them! I'm extremely happy with it You're right, I completely forgot to mention the battery life! Mine is around 2-3 hours currently, and it will probably go down as it gets older. My last laptop had similar specs and similar battery life, so my current thinking is that most high-spec 15" laptops just have crappy battery life (although I've never owned a 15" Macbook, so if they have similar battery life to the 13" ones, they wouldn't fit this hypothesis). Of course, I have extremely few points of data for this, so if someone has had a different experience with a similar laptop, I'd love to hear about it! It does say "on the inside", which at least to me implies things like the processor and RAM and not the resolution of the screen (although I suppose opinions on this could differ) Actually, I think he meant it literally: http://www.earthkind.com/blog/fact-or-fiction-do-mice-really... And even worse, you have to download the font every time you load a different page using it, whereas you only have to download the browser once I guess my link was more relevant than I thought! Not saying you're wrong about this specific case, but I don't think the term "conflict of interest" is exclusive to the government. For (a somewhat vague) example, if I recommended my friend to a position at the company I worked for, "conflict of interest" would be an accurate descriptor for me being the one who interviews him for the position. Isn't it also possible that the strategies employed by top human players (e.g. deceit, having a gut feeling of what the opponent will do) could be less effective or even useless against an AI that doesn't think or act like a human player? Given how human-influenced the meta seems to be (at least, to my understanding), it seems plausible to me that this could be the case > restricting controls while typing is an arbitrary restriction considering they can communicate with audio asynchronously. On the other hand, if four people are simultaneously speaking to you, it's hard to understand all of them at once (especially if you're also talking at the same time); of course, an AI would presumably be able to communicate information much more quickly to other AIs than humans can to other humans, so limiting one to "speaking" at a time would probably not be that detrimental to them > I would have gone for Python-type exceptions rather than error enums and macros, single-inheritance OOP rather than traits, and Python-type with clauses rather than RAII. Personally, I find error enums with macros, traits over traditional OOP and RAII to be strictly positive features, and all three are among the (quite numerous) reasons that I love Rust I don't think it's discouraged (a least, not in the sense of it being considered bad); I think they're just being explicit about what guarantees you have (or rather, don't have) for recursive functions > It's very unlikely that a concept as broad as deceit is going to be disproven though. I mean just thinking about what that would look like that would mean an AI discovered that it's actually better to show your opponent what you're doing rather than trying to mislead them. I meant it in the other direction; what if top players rely extensively on deceiving each other, but an AI is better able to predict its opponent's strategy than a human an isn't fooled? Again, I'm not saying this is necessarily the case, but I don't think it's implausible I literally don't know anyone who actually uses their DE-specific editor, though I agree that jigsaw puzzles in general are not boring, but I also agree that 24-piece jigsaw puzzles are boring (at least, when they're not metaphorical) Or unplug them > If you're scrubbing the controller on the Touch Bar, you see the result on the screen, don't you? What if you touch the wrong part of the bar and accidentally do something else? I personally have trouble believing that I'd be able to consistently touch the right part of the bar without looking every time without there being an actual physical divide between the sections even if I did consistently remember the layout and functionality for every app I used. I think peripheral vision would help here, although that goes out the window if you're hooked up to a monitor and still using the built-in keyboard. I kind of have trouble imagining needing to use touch controls for a full thirty seconds for them to be useful. I don't even think I keep my hand on my mouse/trackpad for anywhere close to that amount of continuous time This gives me an idea. The keyboard on my phone recently added the feature to drag along the spacebar to move the cursor in the text, but it's far too small to be that useful. I think being able to swipe on the spacebar to move the cursor or horizontally scroll would be fairly useful (especially given how often I actually scroll slightly horizontally on trackpads when I try to scroll vertically) Hopefully the function keys on your external keyboard will still act like they used to! Am I the only one who just completely ignores `and` and `or` in Ruby in favor of `&&` and `||`? The boolean keywords do look nicer than the operators, but given that there are some contexts where you can only use the operators, I just don't bother using the keywords at all I'm utterly confused by your use of footnotes. You seem to have used two footnotes in your text (with the second one bizarrely being "3"), and then put three citations at the bottom, only one having a corresponding number in the text > whenever a company comes out with a linux-based "developer edition" laptop, folks don't buy it > The Dell XPS 13, for example, is a great looking machine - but too many folks were busy buying macbooks to help Dell learn this market segment does indeed want more products like this Not sure about the why other (potential) Linux users might not buy notebooks such as this, but despite single-booting Linux for the past several years, I wouldn't be any more likely to buy a computer with Linux pre-installed on it because the chances that the computer has a distro/configuration I would want to use is basically zero; if I'm going to have to reinstall Linux and/or configure it from scratch, then the fact that it's specifically marketed as a Linux laptop doesn't really give me anything. I suspect that this might be at least partially responsible for "developer edition" laptops failing, as at least in my anecdotal experience, many people who are looking for an out-of-the-box experience aren't generally inclined to use Linux as their main OS in the first place. I don't think calling someone a liar is the same as saying they don't know what they're talking about I was more talking about software (OS-specific and DE configuration, packages, etc.) rather than hardware. I've only first started using Linux about four years ago, and I understand it used to be quite different, but I've honestly never had any significant trouble with regards to hardware working on Linux. With the exception of the time that I put Arch on an extremely new Macbook, everything has always worked pretty well out of the box for me. The only hardware-related thing I've ever had to configure on my non-Apple laptops is adding a kernel parameter in the bootloader config to get the backlight adjustment to work. On the other hand, I've yet to find a distro that pre-installs a GUI with configuration and packages anywhere close to what I want in a setup. I go out of my way to use distros with an option to install without a desktop environment even if it has an option to install the one I want, since it usually comes with a lot of extra crap I don't want. Obviously I'm probably a little more extreme here than even most Linux users, but at least among Linux power users (i.e. the people I'd expect to be interested in buying a laptop to single-boot Linux) that I know, Unity is considered to be kind of terrible. Am I wrong in assuming that these types of "developer edition" laptops will generally come with a vanilla Ubuntu install? I admit that I've never really looked into getting one, so it's quite possible I'm mistaken in understanding the kind of setup they provide I mentioned this on the sibling comment, but I've honestly never had any issues with drivers/hardware support with Linux on laptops ( with the exception of putting Linux on an early 2015 Macbook shortly after they came out, which had a new wifi card model, one of those new-at-the-time force touch trackpads that used different drivers, etc.). That being said, I only started using Linux in 2012, and I know that things used to be much worse in that regard. As for technical support and training, I can see that being useful in an enterprise context, but again, I honestly can't see the type of people who want to single-boot Linux on their laptop being interested in support and training from Dell, HP, etc. It's been my experience that by the time someone is comfortable enough to use Linux as their sole OS (which many people don't want to do despite being comfortable enough due to needing Windows for other reasons, like gaming), they aren't really going to need or want any tech support from an OEM. You can also configure zsh to show you all the autocomplete options (files/directories, flags, command-specific arguments like git tags, etc.) and tab/arrow key through them visually: http://i47.tinypic.com/2qtwxnn.gif (The gif is a little slow, but you can obviously move through them a fast as you can hit the keys) I think the argument/joke he's trying to make is that he'd be happier without anyone using Windows (which would conveniently solve the problem of having to compile to Windows) I think this would actually be more comparable to the Either monad. Also, "without extra syntax or macros" is kind of a trivial distinction, as `>>=` is just a function, not some sort of magic. That being said, I really wish there were some sort of equivalent of `try` or `?` for options in Rust. I don't feel like I want monads in Rust in general, but when dealing with options, I definitely miss the Maybe monad. I kind of like how I can't forget to handle some error because the compiler will tell me In Rust, I think it's more idiomatic to just implement the `Display` trait on you error type so that you can generate the string when you need it instead of at the time the error occurs I guess I'm not seeing why having a function rather than a macro is really that much of a distinction in this case. Either way, it's essentially just a namespaced block of code that compiles down to an AST fragment; I don't think the facts that one of them uses the stack and that they're compiled at slightly different times really make much of a difference here. I usually just implement a `try_option` macro, which works well enough. I just wish it were a built-in thing in the language, as I don't like having to implement it for every new project, but I really don't want to include an external crate just for one macro. I generally tend to shy away from trying to convince people that they should change their operating system. I find it quite annoying in the (thankfully rare) occasions that some overzealous Mac user tries to tell me that my choice of machine/operating system is inferior, so I find it hard to believe that other people wouldn't feel the same way if I tried to someone else that their choice is incorrect (even if I feel strongly that it is). Of course, if someone is interested in learning more about Linux, I'll happily teach them as much as they want to know and give them my opinions of the advantages of using Linux. But unless the person is already open to hearing my opinions on the topic, it tends to be a waste of both of our time. Couldn't you also just open an incognito/private window in your browser, which would not have any cookies present and take virtually no effort (as opposed to manually editing the cookie or preventing it from being sent)? I might be misinterpreting this, but wouldn't that quote imply the opposite? If the states that voted for Clinton had fewer voters than before but she still won, the seems to me like that means that the people who did vote were Democrats, not those who didn't This seems to be devoid of any actual information besides what platforms it works on, and at least on my phone, I can't find any links to more information. What features does this have that make it better than what I already use? Is it open source, and if so, where can I look at the source code? Do I have to pay for this app or is it free (as in free beer)? Ah, from viewing the site on my desktop, I can see the link to the main site. It appears to be a paid app (but still in pre-release) EDIT: link to actual site: https://fman.io/ Is this available on Windows? The author made it pretty clear the target user was on a Windows machine You're probably right that Rust code isn't the most minimal way of doing this specific task, but I think the author's intended point was not "This specific task is best done by cross-compiling Rust for Windows" but rather "Rust is a viable alternative to using Python (or the like) for general-purpose cross-platform scripting; here is an example of something that's surprisingly easy to do with Rust". In this case, using a simpler example is just a way of making the demonstration of the concept easier, which I think is fairly effective. > Function keys are inverted by default and I have not established how to flip that at a system wide level Not sure about this specific Lenovo laptop, but if anyone else is having a similar issue on a Lenovo, I'd suggest checking the BIOS settings; my Ideapad 700 had a setting there called something like "legacy function keys", which made the function keys act like function keys by default (and required using the "Fn" modifier key in combination with a function key to change the backlight, volume, etc.) > My Magic Mouse 2 could only work like a dumb mouse Last I checked, I thought I saw this was a driver issue, not a DE one? I could be wrong, but I remember coming to the conclusion that it wouldn't work as anything but a dumb mouse at all on Linux (at least, for the time being) I've used this analogy as well to describe my tics to people, which I think has been fairly effective in communicating how it feels (at least, to people who are open-minded enough to learn about it) I was diagnosed with Tourette's in elementary school, but I've had tics for as long as I can remember. Similar to the author, I had a lot of negative experiences early on with people (both adults and other kids) mocking and telling me that I "did not have Tourette's". Starting around high school though, people seemed to become more open-minded about it, which I can only assume is due to people finally considering me old enough to be a credible source about my own health. I'm much younger than the author though (currently only 22), so I can only imagine how much more difficult it would have been to have to deal with ignorant people 30 years ago. I sometimes wonder what would have happened to me if I were born several decades earlier; with the combination of my Tourette's, OCD, ADHD, and anxiety, I can't imagine I would have been able to get the support and help I needed to become the self-sufficient adult I am today I suppose it might be possible to tell when someone is incorrect about a perceived medical condition if you know them well, but I can't imagine meeting someone for the first time and telling them that they don't have a medical condition that they say they have (which has happened to me countless times over the years with my Tourette's). Given that I've been diagnosed by multiple doctors, this either means that they don't trust medicine or they think that I would lie about a medical diagnosis (again, without having met me before). Maybe you can understand why some people think it's reasonable to tell compete strangers that their medical diagnosis a sham or that they're liars, but I definitely can't. Not taking a side on the whole Linux vs. GNU/Linux thing, but the kernel is decidedly not called GNU/Linux; it's just Linux. I don't believe in homeopathy because there's no scientific or medical evidence that it works. Fibromyalgia is a documented medical condition that actual doctors diagnose. I'm sorry, but I don't really see a parallel here. (That being said, I didn't downvote you; even if I wanted to, I don't have the karma for it) I'm not sure I understand the term "illegal operation" here. I would assume it means "an operation that isn't allowed", but in the case anything that is allowed (e.g. using null) would by definition not be illegal. Can you clarify what you mean by this term? Ah, so the term in this case is just used to mean "something that cases a runtime error"? I think I misunderstood because the comment I was responding to said "using a null reference", which to me doesn't necessarily imply dereferencing it (although that's open to interpretation of course). > Still better is grouped alphanumeric without potentially ambiguous characters (ie. generate number-1's but not letter-I's, generate number-0's but not letter-O's) git license-plate? I think from the fact that it was in quotes, "home" just means your default number > How do you remember which commit to diff against? Ideally your commit message would indicate this. If you're always consistent in the language you use to describe similar changes, you can just search through your git log to find it. > How do you easily pick out the relevant parts of that diff once many changes have occurred - months or even years later? You can use `git show` to just look at that one commit where you deleted the code I'm not sure I'd characterize it as "jumping through hoops", but Rust does lean strongly towards preferring immutabillity. Variables are immutable unless you give them the "mut" keyword when you declare them, and in cases where you need multiple pointers to the same data, it's impossible (outside of `unsafe` blocks, of course) to make one of them mutable unless you use a safe wrapper type like a`Cell` or `RefCell` (for single-threaded cases) or a `Mutex` or `RwLock` (for when you need to share access across multiple threads). But yeah, there's a strong bias towards immutability in Rust, although from what I understand this is more for safety than performance reasons. We also call those circular things in the roads "rotaries" (as opposed to "roundabouts" or "traffic circles"), and what what most of America calls Italian ice, we call "slush" > I have a fool-proof way to do this yourself. Use a mirror and a ruler. Place the ruler on the mirror and stare with your left eye into that same eye's mirror image, such that the ruler's 0 tick is centered on the pupil. Then, open your right eye and close the left. Stare into your right eye across the ruler and note the millimeters. Flip back to the left eye to make sure you haven't moved from zero. Damn, that's really clever. How did you come up with that? This seems to be implying that it's easier to code in assembly than Python, which I'd disagree with Interesting! I guess we only call half of the things by the wrong name in Boston instead of all of them then :) Because I'm one of the only people passionate about Rust at my job (and there are plenty who love Go), I'm often asked questions about Rust vs. Go, which actually perplexes me a little. Asking "What about Go?" when someone brings up Rust is essentially like saying "What about OCaml?"; the languages have a few similar features (as most languages do, IMO), but they have completely different goals and only a subset of shared use-cases (and again, you'll likely find at least some shared use-cases if you pick any two languages). I feel like constantly bringing up Rust and Go together confuses things more than it helps, since they really aren't that similar. Because there are people in Germany who want to get the weather? > I think people compare them because they were both designed as alternatives to C++ (or at least with that in mind). I find it really interesting when people say this, because to me, Go only seems like a suitable replacement for higher-level C++, whereas Rust could conceivably be used in any domain where C++ would be suitable. I'm not sure if this is the general consensus or just my perception though, so this could be clouded by my bias of being a heavy Rust user. My parents also worked their way through college on part-time jobs. Meanwhile, I just graduated with almost $100k in student loans, and that's with the money I made interning. Speaking as an American, it's not just the rest of the world that finds it silly... You have to work on most weekends and don't get any vacation days? Not to mention that in buying the soda in bulk, they'd almost definitely get a better price per can than a single six-pack I'm in the US, we usually get weekends off as well, which comprise of almost ten days off in a month, let alone a year. Personally, I prefer to be inside a vehicle rather than outside when there's precipitation Interesting read! I agree with most of this, but the I'm not sure I agree with the argument that it would be more effective to convince government agencies to switch to free software by appealing to a civic sense rather than a fiscal one; maybe I'm just overly cynical, but I find it more likely that government agencies would be swayed to adopt free software by showing them how much money they'd save. He's 15, I think it's okay to cut him some slack > How’s that for depending on global mutable state? This is quite possibly the greatest pun I've ever encountered Ah, true. I had forgotten the phenomenon where agencies make sure to spend their whole budget just to make sure they don't get less money the next year. I find it interesting that you use the term "offline" to mean "in the cloud". I generally use it in the _opposite_ way. I'm not really sure what this would achieve, aside from a shift in the topic of smug comments like this > With an armband you lose a hand for interaction. I think the comparison being made was between armbands and smart watches, not armband phones vs. regular phones. I don't know about you, but I _certainly_ can't use both hands to interact with a watch on my wrist. > I have many Fitbits (Fitbites?) and I've stopped using them because the app and website are "meh" at best. I'm curious about this. If the app and website are bad enough to stop using them, why do you have multiple? I would have expected the issues would be noticeable with just the first device. > Where will the tech, talent and investment go, if smart phones and watches are good enough, and VR/AR is a wash? Cloud services, I guess? They seem to be doing well enough to last until the next "big thing" comes along. > The parity of the ports at each end of the connection was required to be different: you couldn't connect an even port to another even port, or an odd port to another odd port. "Homosocketuality" was strictly forbidden by internet protocols! NCP's mandatory "heterosocketuality" was called the "Anita Bryant feature". [2] > ... > [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12422813 Well, that's a whole distasteful part of computer history I was blissfully unaware of before now. As someone fairly young (in my early 20s), it's sometimes hard to remember that things like this are very recent history, so I guess it helps to have some perspective every now and then. First Windows, then Node, and now Angular. I worry that soon we'll completely lose the ability to count properly. Do you use any extension to use emacs keybindings? I've tried out VS Code a couple of times and wasn't able to find an extension for emacs keybindings that had everything I use in it. When I tried out Atom, one of the packages for this worked fairly well (although I have other issues that prevent me from using Atom as my full-time editor) > What if the delete took place three commits ago? The original command he was suggesting a replacement for used `-n 1`, so it seems kind of silly to point this out to him. Oh, not sure how I missed this! I'll have to try it out EDIT: On trying it out, it seems to have reasonable support for most of the editing functionality, but the shortcuts for handling split buffers (C-x 0, C-x 1, C-x o, etc.) is completely non-existent. I'm unsure right now whether I'd be able to define them on mine own or whether I'd be willing to stick with it if I couldn't. It turns out the changes were pretty trivial (partially due to vscode apparently not allowing vertical split), so I just put them in my keybindings.json. For anyone interested: https://gist.github.com/saghm/6f97aea92029fec62067e658c6f02f... Reminds me of http://xkcd.com/385/ > If this is the case, then when someone entered the workforce has absolutely no relevance. What is relevant is staying current. It is absolutely ageist to assume that a 50 yr old is going to have more trouble staying current than a 30 yr old. I might be wrong, but I got the sense that the comment you're responding to is trying to make the exact same point. It even says that one point that the uncle's age was completely irrelevant to his not learning the newer technologies. I used Plasma 5 for a while and really loved the interface and the ability to customize almost anything, but what got me in the end was trying to sync settings across multiple machines. From what I can tell, there are a bunch of random files with names starting with "k" dumped in ~/.config that store most of the settings, but copying them to different machines didn't seem to work. Of course, it's not much easier to sync settings with something like Gnome, but it takes me a lot less time and effort to set up Gnome with the exact settings I like than Plasma. If I didn't switch around machines/distros a lot, I probably would have stuck with Plasma though. > All of this stuff is solveable with proper diligence but I prefer my language to enforce it. This is why I love Rust in a nutshell (okay, there are actually a lot of reasons, but this is a big one). Given the choice between my ability to write perfectly bug-free code and the compiler to make sure that my code is correct, I'll pick the compiler any day of the week. And that's before taking into account the fact that like most programmers, I have to work with code that's not mine as well. > There are languages with dependent typing, but of them I only know Coq, and Coq sidesteps the issue by the language not being Turing Complete. There's also Idris, which I haven't really used, but from what I understand, it's sort of like Haskell with dependent types. http://www.idris-lang.org/ How great would it be if that add-on were incompatible with multiprocess? > If you have a backup of your repository, you can create patches for the commits made after it, restore from backup, and replay those you want to keep. Maybe I'm just too young to have a good perspective on this (due to only becoming a developer after git was fairly well established), but I thought that version control itself is supposed to be your backup It sure beats frankincense Not completely sure why I was downvoted, but I'm sorry for any offense I might have (accidentally) caused See, this is probably why I don't get many upvotes. Joking is pretty much my default response to everything https://blog.rust-lang.org/2016/04/19/MIR.html In my experience, Shirley Temple is much more well-known than Prince, but I guess this might not be representative of the wider population I can understand the desire to curb the rowdy behavior, but I'm not sure I agree with the methodology of banning everyone in a certain demographic. If the common characteristic of the rowdy people were race instead of age, would it be okay to ban everyone of that race from drinking after a certain time? Yes, but there's a a clear legal basis for that. I'm not sure there's a legal basis for banning arbitrary demographics from patronizing a business. I guess I'd have to disagree here. I think that there definitely should be some restrictions on who you can ban from patronizing your business (such as forbidding businesses from banning racial minorities or homosexuals); I'm just not sure whether I think something like limiting based on age (outside of enforcing the legal drinking age). I'll try another thought experiment which is a bit more similar to the real-life situation: do you think that private entrepreneurs should be able to ban people over a certain age, e.g. everyone above 50? It's kind of a shame, because I don't really feel like the languages are used for similar things in practice, so the constant comparisons don't do either of them justice. > I told you NO unsafe code. Use only standard library, no third party tools. I'm not sure what such an example would prove, other than maybe "Go is better than a subset of Rust excluding some of the core features of the language and its greater ecosystem". > I like JS format strings -- you can write arbitrary code in them, but they are compile time only Genuinely curious: what exactly does "compile-time" mean in the case of JS? Is it like C macros (modifying the source code before parsing)? Ah, I see. Thanks! Is CoffeScript still used much? I used it a bit a few years back when I was more interested in webdev and I liked it a lot, but I haven't really heard anything about it for a while. The only CoffeScript code I've seen lately is when I looked into finding the cause of a bug in a package for Atom several months backend back; I don't think I know of anything besides the Atom ecosystem that uses it nowadays, although I might just not be aware of other projects using it. So basically the law is Brainfuck? > The bottom line is that Linux tends to have better hardware support, especially for laptop hardware and power management. I've been playing around with various BSDs over the past couple of years, and I really want to like any of them enough to keep installed, but this is exactly the issue I've run into with freebsd and it's derivatives. On both my last laptop and the current one, I can get everything working to a fairly reasonable state, but there are minor but annoying hardware issues I just don't have to deal with in Linux. In my most recent attempt (installing TrueOS on my spare SSD), some apps occasionally crash when I use the Intel video driver, so I'm forced to use scfb, which is a bit slower and doesn't render fonts as nicely. Additionally, the wifi tends to be a bit slower; I average around 4-5 MB (not Mb) down on Linux, but top out around 2 MB on TrueOS. I also have to use Firefox instead of Chromium on FreeBSD and its derivatives, as there always seem to be some bugs in the FreeBSD port; right now, it renders some bizarrely-shaped section of the window in a deep shade of yellow covering part of the URL bar and the top of the page, and signing in to Google to sync my extensions and history hasn't worked for like 10 major versions of Chromium. I really like DragonflyBSD; it works a bit better for me out of the box than FreeBSD (I don't need to configure to not have the fan running at full blast all the time, and I've strangely had fewer issues with Chromium despite it using the same ports tree as FreeBSD with some custom patches), but I've had issues running any display manager other than Slim, and even that hasn't worked that well for me, as I've never been able to get the numlock and auto-login settings working (yes, I know, autologin is "insecure", but I always have FDE on my machines, so if someone can get past that, I don't think the login screen will stop them). Unfortunately I haven't been able to try it out lately; on my current laptop, BSDs weirdly seem to think that my screen resolution is 1024x768, and the only way I've found to fix that is by setting the GOP in EFI, which is not an option for DragonflyBSD currently. I've spent more time than I'm willing to admit trying to follow the manual EFI installation inductions I found on the DragonflyBSD mailing list; I think I got it to boot once, but apparently the snapshot I was using panicked when trying to load the specific wifi driver during startup (although I found out later it could load it fine after it was fully booted), and I've never gotten it to boot since, so I'm not convinced I wasn't mildly hallucinating or something. Every now and then the Dragonfly Digest will have some post talking about some new small step towards EFI support though, so I'm optimistic that someday soon I'll be able to boot it on my current laptop and discover a whole new set of reasons why I can't use it. OpenBSD, on the other hand, works pretty great for me out of the box in terms of the GUI and hardware, but I'm not fond of the packaging system; I tend to like to have fairly recent versions of apps, so updates come a bit slowly compared to what I'm used to. Even worse, pkg_add is kind of horrifying to me compared to what you get on FreeBSD-based systems; for reasons I can't comprehend, it seems to query for updates individually for each package you have installed rather than first just getting a list of updated packages and then downloading the updates for the packages (if there are any). I'm unfortunately too spoiled to wait several minutes just to find out that there aren't actually any updates for my system. I've never been able to get far into setting up NetBSD. A couple of years ago I got it installed but couldn't get Xorg to start up, and I've been unable to get the installer to boot on the most recent release; it prompts me to select the boot device from a number of options, and I've tried all of them, and none of them work. The issue seems to be fixed in the more recent snapshots, but I haven't been able to figure out how to install with FDE (I found the option to encrypt the disk, but it seems to be independent from the installation itself, and neither encrypting the disk before or after the installation seems to result in a bootable encrypted system), and I'm too stubborn to install it without. I think the issue that people have is that Facebook is in a great position to do something about, but instead they've varied between taking the position that the problem doesn't exist or that it isn't their job to fix it. Facebook isn't wrong that it isn't their "job" to fix it, but I can imagine that others besides me find it a bit strange that Zuckerburg decries the current state of divisiveness but doesn't seem that willing to combat it when he clearly has means far beyond the rest of us to do so. I'm a hardcore Linux user, but free software has very little to do with my rationale for using it (although I do in general prefer open source software to proprietary, I've found I'm more worried about "free as in free beer" than "free as in freedom"). For me, customization is the deal-breaker. OS X is, for lack of a better term, very opinionated about how I should be using the system (GUI/mouse oriented interfaces for installing and updating things, fullscreen being a built-in windowing option but not maximization, etc.). As my tastes don't seem to coincide exactly with the choices that any one OS/distro makes, my only option to have exactly the setup I want is to use a fairly minimal distro and then configure it from the ground up with the choices I want. I have no trouble understanding that most people are perfectly fine with using a preconfigured system (OS X, Windows, Ubuntu, etc.), but it's just not for me. > Granted, it would require writing a garbage collector in Rust... Why would that be a problem? There are compilers written in C that implement garbage collectors. Now, writing a garbage collector for Rust, that's another problem entirely During my senior year of college (which ended last spring), I worked with two other students on implementing a server-side JavaScript interpreter in Rust. One of us, a grad student (not me!), wrote the garbage collector for it ( https://github.com/rustoscript/french-press ). We didn't end up finishing the entire language, but we got a sizable chunk of the language features implemented, and more than enough to know that Rust is very well suited to writing programming languages in, including garbage collectors. By far, the most complicated component of getting the garbage collector right was dealing with closures, but that's mostly because JavaScript is a very "unique" language, to put it nicely. > In the future we may have http://manishearth.github.io/blog/2016/08/18/gc-support-in-r... I read that back when you first posted it, which is exactly what came to mind when I was writing my comment. At least to my naive understanding, implementing a garbage collector for Rust is several orders of magnitude more difficult than merely implementing one in Rust. Thanks for elaborating on that! I'm definitely looking forward to seeing what you all do on the GC front for Rust in the future, even if it's a bit beyond my current comprehensions I'm American, and I'd definitely agree with that assessment. I think a lot of people in the US would probably refuse to vote for a self-described atheist on principle regardless of any of the other characteristics and views of the candidate. Things have been changing for a while, but I don't think we're there yet. > Who has more power over a longer period of time: Bill Clinton or Bill Gates? I argue Gates. Right, but Clinton wasn't a CEO of a tech company before he was president. A better analogy would be who would have had more period over a longer period of time, Bill Gates as he is now, or Bill Gates if he had become president after stepping down as CEO of Microsoft? > In te Netherlands, we have stickers that we cab place on our real-life mailboxes: "No ads. No unspecified recipient." The advertisers (mailmen) are not allowed to ignore this sticker. Wow, that's actually kind of amazing. I wish we had that in the US... > it still requires...a working installation of Ruby. Does OS X/macOS not still come with a bundled installation of Ruby? Or is the version it comes with too old to use with brew/brew cask? > Most of the more-or-less mainstream distros ship Chromium in their standard repos. In fact, they're more likely to ship Chromium than Chrome due to the fact that the former is FOSS and the latter is not. That's actually how I first started using Chromium early in my Linux days; I didn't really know the difference between Chrome and Chromium, so I just picked the one that was easier to install. Once I finally learned the difference, I consciously made the choice to use Chromium on all of my systems, even the non-Linux ones. Sorry for my lack of knowledge about this, but are "ad mailmen" a specific thing in the Netherlands? In the U.S., junk ads just come in the regular mail. It's the same with USB; USB 2.0 and 3.0 were compatible, but USB 3.1 (more commonly known as USB C) is not compatible with either of them. EDIT: Actually, from consulting Wikipedia[1], it's even worse than I remembered. Apparently there's USB 3.1 gen 1 and USB 3.1 gen 2, where USB 3.1 gen 1 is literally just USB 3.0, and USB 3.1 gen 2 is what you get with a USB C cable (where the letter evidently denotes the port size/shape and the version number denotes the rate of transfer). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USB_3.1 I don't think it's a valid sentence, unless you interpret it as commanding someone/something to snow sometime this week. > I succeeded and even trained someone else how to do it. When we started, he didn't know C all that well so I split the drivers into hard and easy parts and gave him the easy ones. We wrote about six drivers together. I made his parts harder and harder until he was able to write a driver on his own. This is a pretty amazing way to teach someone something as complex as device drivers. It sounds like you did an excellent job mentoring him. > Notice I said "music maker" - i.e. a maker of tracks/songs, and not "musician"...i just don't have the formal training to play an actual instrument...however, if time travel existed, then yes a musician. It's actually much more feasible to teach yourself to play instruments than people realize! Obviously being taught makes things easier for most people, but what really makes a difference more than anything else is just spending substantial amounts of time practicing, which is still necessary even if you do take lessons. Plenty of famous musicians were actually self-taught, including some who were at the absolute top of their field, like Hendrix, Clapton, and Moon: https://www.joytunes.com/blog/music-fun/15-famous-musicians-... > Some USB-C cables only support USB 2.0. I don't even want to know why somebody thought that was a good idea... > I like a fast 60Hz autorepeat, and I rely on visual feedback for precise positioning (I find this has lower cognitive load than Vim style character/word/line/etc counting). I thought I was the only one who turned the key repeat way up and then navigated things by moving one line/character at a time really fast ! I've always felt a bit guilty about this due to feeling like I'm just too lazy to get used to using more typical navigation, but "preferring lower cognitive load" sounds like a more more positive spin on it. > One thing I'm considering as a key-binding option is to exec a command. This would be pretty awesome. I definitely would love to have that as a feature, assuming it's not excessively difficult to implement. > So nothing wrong with the audio jack, it's just that exporting it from the phone usually makes for a better user experience. I feel like "usually" is a kind of a big leap here, since there's been exactly one phone to do this, and the verdict is still out about whether it's a "better user experience". > Ultimately earphones should not be tied to a device but thought of as tied to your head and be able to switch between your devices seamlessly. That's exactly what we had before when every single device had a headphone jack. I'm not sure having my headphones work normally on most devices but then randomly need a dongle for another is "seamless". Thanks! Unfortunately I use zsh, and from a quick Google, it looks like it doesn't use inputrc. Another nice thing about Manjaro is that there's a OpenRC spin if you don't want systemd. Although it's possible to replace systemd with OpenRC in Arch, it's not super straightforward and can be a bit risky if you don't know what you're doing. A lot of the things on on Live CD list seem to be outdated; to pick an example, it lists the last release of DragonflyBSD as being over two years ago[1], when they released 4.6.1 less than three months ago[2]. Another place to check out different OS's is distrowatch[3]. Its interface is a definitely a bit too busy, which can make navigation a pain, but it's constantly kept up to date and has fairly detailed information about each OS. [1]: http://livecdlist.com/dragonfly-bsd/ [2]: https://www.dragonflybsd.org/release46/ [3]: https://distrowatch.org/ > How many times I've skipped checking something because... There's no way it could be that! I TA'd a course in college that (among other things) was the first introduction that CS students at my school had to C programming. Since most students had no prior experience with anything besides Java (and a little OCaml, because one of the intro courses was half Java and half OCaml), they often would be at a complete loss of how to debug errors with pointers, string handling, etc. Whenever I tried to help students debug something in office hours, they would try to steer me away from looking in certain parts of their code because they "knew that was correct", and quite often the error would be in one of those parts of the code. The lesson I tried to teach them was that if you thought you wrote all your code correctly but it still doesn't work correctly, then you must have been wrong about something, so you have to be ready to challenge your assumptions about what's working and what isn't. I've been running Linux for about 4 years now (Ubuntu -> Mint -> Fedora -> Arch over the first year or so, been on Arch ever since), and I've never had to recompile my kernel (I did choose to do it once, but this was because I was interested in trying it out rather than something not working right; I'm a bit masochistic that way). > Restrict Windows Update P2P only to local network I find this interesting as a security choice rather than completely disabling P2P updates, as I'd guess that a substantial number of users aren't in control of all machines on their network, and if the other computers on the network got their updates from peers outside the network, then you'll still end up getting the updates from those peers. Is completely disabling P2P updates not an option? I think the idea behind "always show up in court if you are being sued" isn't that it will always work out for you, but that it almost definitely won't work out for you if you don't show up. I think due to the closed-source nature of f.lux, RedShift is in the main repos for more distros than f.lux, making it easier for new Linux users to install. One of the big issues a lot of people have (or at least had, back when it was first becoming a thing) was that systemd uses binary log files rather than traditional text ones, which makes them harder to deal with (e.g. you can't `tail` or `grep` them, at least not directly). Another common gripe is that while it started out as an init system, a rather large portion of userland on a typical system depends on one or more systemd components directly or indirectly, making it somewhat difficult to avoid it if you'd prefer not to use it. My biggest issue with systemd is that when something goes wrong, it's pretty impossible to tell why. As an example, virtually every system I've used with systemd after a few months starts to have different services fail to stop on shutdown, causing a timeout of (by default) one-and-a-half minutes. From searches that I've done online, I don't seem to be the only person who runs into this, but I haven't found any good solution, leaving me with the options to reduce the timeout to something more manageable, force shutdown my laptop literally every time I'm done using it, or sit through 90 seconds of systemd trying and failing to stop whichever service is failing that time. Maybe I'm just lucky, but it's fairly rare that any of my non-systemd systems is unable to shut down properly once, let alone every single time consistently. Is that actually why base 10 became the norm? I've never really learned why exactly decimal was chosen, and I'd be interested in learning about what historical evidence there is for its origin. > The mayan's number system is base 20 (though the digits are are drawn out of sub digits in base-5). I think I remember learning in school that one of the ancient Mesopotamian civilizations (Sumerian, I think, but I could be wrong) used 60 as the basis for their system because it was divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. > My view is that sample code such as this should be as idiomatic as possible and that means providing a sample demonstrating a typical real use case. So seeing "unwrap" in this context doesn't sit well with me. I've starting trying to use `if let Some/Ok(...) = ...` in examples for my projects rather than `unwrap` for pretty much this reason. I feel like it strikes a pretty good balance between providing a relatively terse example without the risk of implying that `unwrap/expect` is considered normal usage for the library. OpenOffice is basically dead in terms of development nowadays. If you're looking for a desktop office suite on Linux, LibreOffice (a fork of OpenOffice) is still actively maintained. > I'm a day to day Linux user, and I couldn't be happier to have switched back from osx (2004-2016), but the switch is clearly not for everyone yet. Personally, I have no issues with Linux being used almost exclusively as a developer OS (on desktops and laptops). I don't really see Linux moving towards being used by non-technical users any time soon, and I'm perfectly okay with this. > I would gladly pay $1,000 for a KDE Neon or Fedora Gnome distro that went through the trouble of thoroughly implementing and maintaining a version with fully Mac-like keyboard shortcuts and keyboard shortcut customization facilities. From your response to the sibling comment, it sounds like you're looking for a way to swap the Super and Control keys? There are actually settings for that in both Gnome and KDE/Plasma. In Gnome, you can go into one of the sections of Gnome Tweak Tool (I think it's called "Typing") and in one of the lists of options, there's a checkbox for something like "Swap left Win and left Control". In MADE/Plasma, it's in main settings app somewhere there's an identical list of checkbox options (I think it's in the "Keyboard" section, but I might be wrong, as I haven't used Plasma in a while; if you're having trouble finding it though, I can go back and find the exact location tomorrow and let you know) Ah, I see. I've always preferred having the same key for both terminal and GUI apps, which is one of the reasons that I'm not fond of OS X's shortcuts. Right, but that doesn't really say anything about causation; there is definitely a linguistic link between the body parts and numerical digits in this word, but that could have easily developed after base ten became common for other reasons. > Another argument I've heard presented is that since 10 is divisible by 2 and 5 this simplifies many common calculations. To me, it always seemed like 5 was only a common number because of its place in base 10, not the other way around. There doesn't seem to be any reason that 2 and 5 would have been chosen as more significant than 2 and 3 or 2 and 7. Assuming it's anything like the Emacs mode for Coq, they're probably just using an editor/editor plugin that replaces the operators/keywords with the mathematical symbols. I think s/he meant "scrolling marquees seem like the least of our problems in a world of auto playing video ads, flash animations and unnecessary javascript" > less usable on mobile To be fair, there really wasn't any "mobile" to speak of back then, so the developers couldn't even try to make it look good on mobile. "The most powerful programming language is Lisp. If you don't know Lisp (or its variant, Scheme), you don't know what it means for a programming language to be powerful and elegant. Once you learn Lisp, you will see what is lacking in most other languages....I have not had time or occasion to learn newer languages such as Perl, Python, PHP or Ruby." Glad to know his opinion is here well-informed. Perl only came out 30 years ago, so I guess I can understand not having had the time to learn it and just assume that it and other languages must be inferior. > I really like this; reminiscent of the Python Challenge, but for shell. > You should support bash's double-star wildcard, which works recursively. Several of the challenges that currently require > find -name 'access.log ' -print0 | xargs -0 somecommand > could just use > somecommand /access.log This challenge was where I stopped, and for this exact reason. Then again, I am a zsh user, so maybe I'm spoiled... Although it often doesn't get printed like that, shells do consider the output of `ls` to be multiple lines. Try doing `ls > foo.txt` and looking at the output file (or more directly, `ls | wc -l`). > Though the attitude may be bad, that author guessed right; he didn't miss anything by avoiding those. I don't claim to say he's correct or not; rather, I'm saying that a bad attitude is inexcusable regardless of correctness. It's perfectly fine to not want to try a language (or even to dislike it), but in that case there aren't any grounds to criticize it. Given that he's claiming that Lisp is more "powerful" and that other languages are "lacking", I'm not convinced that recognizing the syntax is sufficient to make his statement. Obviously I was exaggerating a bit in my original comment, but as I said in my second one, the issue I have with his statement is the attitude, not the content. > One pet peeve is people who ask "can I ask you a question?" Back when I was TA'ing a course in college, about half of the students on average in office hours would start their conversations with me by saying "I just have one small question." I'm not sure what was worse, when they didn't just have one question (or it wasn't small) or when the question was so small they could have gotten an answer by the time they finished assuring me that they weren't going to take up much of my time. I didn't really mind it that much, I mostly found it amusing that students were so worried about taking up too much time that they'd end up taking more. And you're right, if it was one of the regulars, I definitely didn't mind, and I'd sometimes tease them mildly about it. The weirdest OCaml syntax (to me) is the way that that exceptions are essentially reversed camel case mixed with snake case (e.g `Not_found`, `Division_by_zero`). I assume that this was to try to imitate the structure of English sentences, but it feels bizarre to me when I see it in code.