FYI: Big Ball of Mud has two meanings. The one author uses and Lisp meaning. "APL is like a beautiful diamond - flawless, beautifully symmetrical. But you can't add anything to it. If you try to glue on another diamond, you don't get a bigger diamond. Lisp is like a ball of mud. Add more and it's still a ball of mud - it still looks like Lisp." - unknown (alternatively Lisp is bean bag because it always returns to its original shape) He uses big ball of mud is a software system that lacks a perceivable architecture. Lisp BBoM is not lacking architecture. In the Lisp use of the term it means that you can extend the system incredibly without losing the "Lispiness". It looks and feels the same after extensions (if those extensions are done right). In Lisp building complex framework don't suddenly turn your programming xml-file configuration and annotating for code generators. This infographic gets metric prefix wrong. Kilobyte 1000 bytes, symbol: kB Kilobyte (kibibyte) for 1024 bytes, symbol: KB or KiB Same for all other prefixes. Kafkaesque. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kafkaesque#Legacy I think this might be good time to mention HiBase and Shades projects and related research for data structures and functional programming environments. http://www.cs.hut.fi/~siva/hibase/ HiBase was project funded by Nokia. The Goal was to develop a persistent functional programming environment with for telecom environments. The reason why it was functional was the observation that in functional programming environment you can model data as graph where references point only backwards in time. In other words, if you just constantly write your data into the database and have smart GC, you can recover very fast from crashes. Just like telecom environment likes it. The project was canceled, some say for reasons to do with internal company politics, but it showed huge promise. It was already 10X faster than competing commercial databases that were tweaked by their developers to perform well in testing. The author argues that when string processing becomes complicated, it does not matter and incorrect results are usually OK. Everybody knows about Bobby Tables? How about Mr. เจ้าพระยาบดินทรเดชา Unicode? What if somebody told you that if certain exotic names are entered into the system by certain input method, government officials can't find those people in their searches, including full text search to a police report? Progressives? Did you know that Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman supported the idea? Negative income tax is one way to implement basic income. There are others. Because they are not the same concept. Universal Artificial Intelligence is not same as Human Level Artificial intelligence. There is no reason to assume that human intelligence is universal. Or intelligence is biased towards picking berries and avoiding bears in three dimensional world. I find the argument for minerals to be off at least few orders of magnitudes financially, >"The Moon is full of resources - mainly rare earth elements, titanium, and uranium, which the Earth is really short of, and these resources can be used without limitation. Titanium is ninth-most abundant element in the Earth's crust. Normal soil contains 0.5% - 1.5% titanium. All we need is energy for the process of separating them. Rare earth elements are expensive but not so expensive that we need to go to the moon. After we have used all conventional mines for rare earth, we can get them from the bottom of the sea more economically (see for example: http://www.nature.com/news/2011/110703/full/news.2011.393.ht... ) Uranium would be incredibly expensive if it would be mined on the moon. In theory HE3 mining could be viable, unless investments in deuterium+tritium fusion reactor that would produce HE3 for helium reactors is better investment. Even then, building separate deuterium-tritium fusion reactors that produce He3 for He-He fusion reactors could be more financially sound idea. >country with stark poverty for most of its rural majority is a sign of China's tyrannical government China lifted more than 600 million people out of poverty between 1981 and 2004. The ongoing Chinese urbanization effort is massive. From 2010 to 2025, 300 million Chinese (little less than US population) now living in rural areas will move into cities. China has tyrannical government, but it's not incompetent like it was during the Mao era. They know that they can keep the power only as long as they keep making things better for majority of people. If they fuck up, no security apparatus can keep people from toppling them. China must ensure that China has the energy needed to reduce poverty and increase living standards. The great sucking noise in Africa is part of that, so is the conflict in the China Sea. If they look for the Moon for resources, that's not surprising. Was your intention to compare gold and DOW as investments for long term? In that case you should ask question: "What is the price of Dow Jones Industrial Average dividends reinvested in ounces of gold?" In long term, the majority of value in stock markets comes from dividends. That does not show in stock price graphs. This is how lazy Haskell programmers solve every problem. I don't understand the challenge part. Why don't people with bad hearing go nuts in normal quiet rooms if not hearing anything is so challenging? If Bitcoin drops to around $200, it's just following long term exponential growth trend with of booms and corrections. If Bitcoin drops much below $100 we can talk about crash. Many parts with Oberon system would have been perfect for passing code around in the the Internet. The one pass compiler, for example, was lightening fast and compact. I think Oberon system is worth of study. Either they are going to be autonomous or this will be very expensive delivery system. One man attending one package delivery for 20-30 minutes will not do. If they have human involvement, it's just checking the drop point. In any case, it will be extremely low paid job. London suffered from bad smogs almost century before they did anything to them. Great Smog was just one incident. sci-fi? It's more like reminder from the history. Rapid industrialization and increase in living standards seems to follow familiar pattern. Great Smog of London documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vkx-2mT1-q4 Investment idea: Companies that manufacture sulfur dioxide scrubbers for coal plants. The way 80% of real real world (non academic) data mining problems are solved: 1. Feature selection. 2. intelligent data massage. Real world data has usually noise that humans can easily identify as irrelevant or erroneous. 3. logit regression. Starting with simple, well understood algorithms first should be the second lesson after knowing about validation sets. In those cases where they are not enough, they set the baseline for comparison against other algorithms. Average income, average net wealth and now average inheritance. I'm sure that numerically literate HN readers understand why these numbers are misleading. Especially when you use them to compare America to other countries. Arithmetic mean does not give you look into life of average American. Median should be used instead. You are assuming that English and international use of the term democracy was developed by American and for America. That's not the case. The evolution of the use of the word happened in England and France. Frenchman Marquis d’Argenson (1694-1757) was first to define representative democracy in the way it's used today. Using coding examples like conditional compilation is not right abstraction for programmers to understand how genes compute. GRN is. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network#Modell... GRN can be modeled using different levels of abstraction and accuracy as boolean network , recurrent neural network or as stochastic gene networks. In other words, they are capable of complex computations, but computational model looks more like neural network or stochastic network. The way OO is used in real world, classes encapsulate spaghetti code into smaller chunks. It has been reasonably successful, but good module system can do the same thing. Personally, I like the Alan Kay's definition: >OOP to me means only messaging, local retention and protection and hiding of state-process, and extreme late-binding of all things. It can be done in Smalltalk and in LISP. There are possibly other systems in which this is possible, but I'm not aware of them. http://userpage.fu-berlin.de/~ram/pub/pub_jf47ht81Ht/doc_kay... If? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Snowden has not published anything really critical about NSA surveillance on China, Russia, Iran, etc. His risk/reward calculation seems to be on line with mine. Of course his leaks do some damage to U.S. foreign policy, but that's acceptable collateral damage. His leaks help to shape the power balance between government and citizens in liberal democracies. Even if he was doing sabotage. It would be morally acceptable in his case. Systematic surveillance in this scale changes power balance between government and citizens very fundamental way. Please provide exact document where he reveals documents about spying China, Russia etc. that are not linked to domestic spying. >At this point, he is a spy from every angle you look at it. Remember that not even U.S. government is not charging him from being a spy. First thing that comes to mind is cheap optical sensors. I think you can even use small laser/ir led and detect the reflected light because distances are so short. If you want to detect direction with single sensor, you might want to use optical modulator (rotating reticle) just like many IR guided missiles do. Maybe the reticle could even be tiny rotating rotor powered by the air. Tactics should be same as real missiles have. Approach others from below if possible so that signals from ground can't mess the signal. Calibrate against sky before flight. You should also make sure that the plane does not chase sun or moon. Oracle is not the villain. Oracle is irrelevant. MySQL has new name: MariaDB https://mariadb.org/ It's developed by many of the original authors of MySQL. You should use optical filters if possible to filter unwanted wavelengths and receiver should have relatively narrow field of view. The main goal would be to detect difference from the background. Rotating reticle would be really good idea if you can make it work mechanically. You would need only one light sensor to detect direction if you use reticle. See: http://wiki.scramble.nl/index.php/Sidewinder_article#Reticle Simple C type reticle would be enough to separate target from the background and find out the direction of the target. You are using reddit wrong. You don't have to use Reddit in default setting. Unsubscribe from everything and then select those subreddits that are nice. You don't have to look at comments if you don't like their contents. There are several nice and tightly moderated reddits that are great. For example /r/askhistorians and /r/askscience and several others. I have a question. Can government issue gag order to security firm doing audit and prevent them from releasing backdoors or intentional weaknesses they discover? It's called formula 1 for a reason. No rules would lead to dull competitions and bankruptcies. There has been times with less rules and it does not work. 1. Cars would be clued to the road with massive downforce and it would look like they are on track in turns. Very boring races without overtakes. Races would be determined in time trials. 2. Building competitive car would be even more expensive than it is now. There would be only few competitive teams, some years maybe only one. 3. Several teams would eventually drop out because racing would be too expensive. This is not sarcasm. These are still problems with F1. The reason why these rules are needed is because F1 racing has been in the constant "getting out of hand" state since 80's. Some races from the ground effect era 1977 to 1982 were ridiculous. Wing-profiled sidepods sealed to the ground by sliding lexan skirts. It took gigantic amount of rules changes to cover all loopholes. Learning something that takes time should be seen as investment. If you invest your time and effort, you want to know that your investment pays dividends in the future. I feel that Emacs is one of those tools where my investment is safe and the code I write to ~/.emacs produces huge value over several decades. It's not going away. Development community is so big that it supports all new stuff that comes along. May I present one of the greatest math books for general audience: Mathematics: Its Content, Methods and Meaning by A. D. Aleksandrov, A. N. Kolmogorov, M. A. Lavrent’ev. http://www.amazon.com/Mathematics-Its-Content-Methods-Meanin... Math books rarely move from the Soviet Union to west, but this did and for really good reason. Just look at the list of writers included. So far I have not seen any math books that come even close to this. Reading this book together with the The Princeton Companion to Mathematics was real treat. The Princeton Companion is more like encyclopedia. Main part of the book is articles describing 100 or so mathematical concepts in alphabetical orders. Then it has articles describing major mathematical problems. Hyperinflation can only occur in cases where debt is in foreign currencies. For example the German hyperinflation was started by "London ultimatum" that demanded reparations in gold or foreign currency. >I also often want less noise--ie no parentheses. You have not reached Lisp enlightenment yet. Because you use Emacs, you can get shortcut to enlightenment by choosing color for parentheses that almost hides them to the background. US spied French aerospace industry in 90's and there is no indication that they won't do it every time they feel US might get advantage from it. A/B testing is not the correct way to test what is objectively better. As we can read from here, people often have personal preferences to what they are used to and think are best. Unfortunately what people think is best is not necessarily same as what is objectively best for them. If you put people into usability lab and test their reading speed and reading understanding with different text sizes etc. you get more objective results (that mostly agree with the OP as far as I can remember). Here is good overview of the research: How physical text layout affects reading from screen. http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20060729105544/psychol... This article has no mention of bioaccumulation. Pacific Ocean is so large that it can dilute huge amount of radioactivity, but bioaccumulation changes the story. Without estimates how well these leaks bioaccumulate, the whole article is useless. Humans are at the top of the food chain in the sea and overfishing and exploiting sea life close to it's maximum capacity. In Chernobyl, most of the radioactivity fell into the forests, mostly away from human food chain (there are still recommendations to not eat too much berries, mushrooms etc. in many areas). The Pacific is 100% in human food chain. If by sometimes you mean hypothetically. Still, we don't need to make torture legal. But I bite. Let's say that thing you describe happens. People who torture should still get hard sentences, say 20 to 25 years. If they are not willing to sacrifice their own life and break the law to get the information, the torture is not justified. In other words: torture should always be big personal sacrifice for the torturer. Why not both? ghc compiler in Haskell has -fdefer-type-errors flag. SBCL Common Lisp implementation has option to turn type warnings into errors. Extending -fdefer-type-errors function and creating better type checker for dynamic languages could achieve best of both worlds. You can do those things that are easy to do statically at development/testing time and those thing that are easy to do dynamically in runtime. Some things like overloading based on return values don't work dynamically, but you could either choose to not have them or resolve them in development time. I would like to see languages where dynamic vs. static is continuum and programmers can determine how much they need want case by case basis. UTF-8 is usually good enough in disk. I would like to have at least two options in memory: utf-8 and vector of displayed characters (there's many combinations in use in existing modern languages with no single-character representations in UTF- ). Yes. If I want to work with language and do some stringology, that's what I want. I might want to swap some characters, find length of words etc. To have vector of characters (as what humans consider characters) is valuable. So are you saying that discrete diffusion simulation does not model economics in any meaningful sense? Tom Perkins is over 80 years old and it could be his age. He might also reveal the true sentiment in his social circle. Living in a bubble is interesting thing. Being on the News Corp. board, consuming News Corp. owned media and then writing an opinion in News Corp owned magazine. Wage's share of GDP have been in decline in all OECD countries since mid 70's. U.S. is just leading the way. When you cut the pie into different size pieces and one gets more than before and one gets less, causality is trivial. Anyone who wants to do fastest possible floating point arithmetic with graphics card. Also, if the memory, disk access, or IO-troughtput is the bottleneck with number crunching, single floats might give huge advantage. Something to read: Hierarchical Bayesian Modeling of Human Decision-Making Using Wiener Diffusion http://gandalf.psych.umn.edu/users/schrater/schrater_lab/cou... Decision Theory and Human Behavior http://www.umass.edu/preferen/Class%20Material/Bounds%20of%2... Beyond Accuracy: How Models of Decision Making Compare to Human Decision Making http://fileadmin.cs.lth.se/cs/Personal/Carl_Christian_Rolf/c... Forgetful Bayes and myopic planning: Human learning and decision-making in a bandit setting http://papers.nips.cc/paper/5180-forgetful-bayes-and-myopic-... >Our result shows that subjects’ choices, on a trial-to- trial basis, are best captured by a “forgetful” Bayesian iterative learning model [21] in combination with a partially myopic decision policy known as Knowledge Gradient [7]. But is worse really better? http://dreamsongs.com/Files/IsWorseReallyBetter.pdf He uses emotional and ethical arguments without any specifics nor plan: "Something must be done." Some perspective. We created crisis where children die in large numbers in Iraq by toppling Saddam. Situation of children in Iraq 'a neglected crisis' http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22366451 We are not killing them but we created the environment where they die. "Misuse" of koans has long history. After Zen master Yuanwu's Blue Cliff Records - collection of 100 classical koans with his commentary verses - started to spread around, his successor Dahui noticed how monks and laypeople treated the collection as intellectual and artistic work (Yuanwu Keqin wrote and spoke very beautifully, so they do have artistic value) and burned all copies he could find. The original use of koan is to be meditation aid (huatou-method, koan practice) not subject of philosophical inquiry. ps. The original MIT AI lab koans are more clever than these ESR ones. http://groups.csail.mit.edu/mac/users/dae/notes/ai-koans Tapping undersea cable is very small scale operation compared to mass surveillance. You can't install massive server rooms into undersea submarines. "We were not out to win over the Lisp programmers; we were after the C++ programmers. We managed to drag a lot of them about halfway to Lisp." - Guy Steele, Java spec co-author This is more like using suggestion to enable relaxation. Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders .. while computer scientists stand on each other's toes .. and computer engineers dig each other's graves. I use Truerypt and Dropbox. They play well together. ps. I have repeatedly encountered people who falsely assume that Truecrypt does not allow incremental backups with Dropbox. The thinking behind this seems to be assumption cipher-block chaining (CBC) is used. Truecrypt uses XTS mode. This is bipartisan issue. If Bush&Cheney administration goes down, so goes Clinton&Gore. Either everyone protects everyone else, or all go down together. The CIA was granted permission to use extraordinary rendition (torture flights) in a presidential directive signed by Bill Clinton in 1995. The practize was started by George H. W. Bush in 1993. >The government and the Federal Reserve (yes, they are two distinct entities — not part of the same) have perverted the definition of something This system is not internal to US. Most countries have more or less independent federal bank and similar system. >Whatever money may be, ultimately, it is supposed to act as a store of value for your labor, ingenuity and good fortune. This is outdated idea and source of much confusion. Yes, money should act as reasonable store of value in short term. Money should not have store of value property that is better than alternatives. It should never be good investment. Money should be the most liquid asset, unit of account and medium of exchange before being long time store of value. Because contracts (including wages) are defied using money as unit of account, small inflation forces constant renegotiation of contracts. It's fluid in the gears of the economy. Store your value elsewhere. It's easy. Money is just an asset. Theoretically, you can define money as the most liquid asset. Transition from money to other assets is fluid (different M's) based on them being money-like and there is nothing confusing in it unless you falsely assume that money should have some kind of magic substance that other assets don't have. Your car can be more money-like if you turn it into financial instrument by taking a loan against it. We are not special. Money has been very unpredictable entity in history. In the past, economic thinking was not that developed. There were no alternatives. Historical fluctuations in inflation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:US_Historical_Inflation_A... Historical interest rates: http://i.imgur.com/i0xit0K.png More important than store, is predictability. If you know it's going to be 1-5% inflation next 20 years with high probability, life is much easier to plan than if there is high change of huge deflations or inflations. The main benefit of the fiat money is that it follows the economy and not the other way around. USD is what it is because US economy. 30-year bonds have yield 3.58% and it tells us much about how markets see the future of U.S economy and inflation. Many circuit design tools have the ability to use either visual circuit diagrams or VHDL. Visual diagrams are useful in many cases, just like UML diagrams, but using only them would be pain in the ass. No. It would just mean that you are a God. I mean, if there would be God and he would want to prove that he really is all powerful, he would have to be able to pull that kind of trick to convince me. Why should YC be involved in areas where it has no experience? The money YC gives is minimal, so the main benefit for YC involvement is experience. If YC has nobody who has expert knowledge in biotech, it would be waste of everyones time to get involved. Another thing is money. Most science startups need more than just people with PhD's willing to live with ramens. They need lab equipment, samples etc that cost tens and hundreds of thousands dollars. Providing cloud computing services is bulk business where the economies of scale is important Google is itself cloud computing company. When they sell resources to others, it's way to become bigger and reduce cost margins for the platform they are using for themselves. As long as there are people who pay more for the Google cloud service than Google's own usage is worth, selling to others reduces the overall costs of computing for Google. Double pricing is the problem. If consumer pays for 100Mb connection, ISP should provide that connection. Just like Netfilx pays for their connection and bandwidth. ISPs want to charge double. First from the customer, then from the Netflix again for the same traffic. We want to use classes because we want to want to be able to invoke an operation and have the exact behavior determined by the type of the object or objects on which the operation was invoked. Common Lisp philosophy of classes and OO fits the thicketness of the real world better. Generic functions, multimethods, mixings etc. Just embracing the notion that classes and encapsulation might be orthogonal issue opens up the way to use class system better ways. > Educate me. What terrible outcome is expected from this?" The information discrepancy between people and companies. The ability to make good deals means that your opponent does not already know what you are willing to pay. With immersion and VR there will be possibility to predict the mental state of person below 500 milliseconds. It will get us into the realm where companies can influence unconscious decision making much better than before. VR and it's immersion will allow companies to really surround us with control in the level that Web or ads in TV can't. Accurate knowledge of the impulse control limitations of the consumer will be huge. When is he tired, distracted or stressed or his general alertness level is down. Quick, show him/her ad he/she has no will power to refuse just now. Marketing people always remind us that you can't create needs with advertising. But you can attach needs to products and services and create culture where needs are satisfied with products. Detect need for spirituality or inner reflection, woo the consumer with serene images. Detect loneliness, immediately show something that looks like human connection with price. Too bad that Ted Nelson has shut down all attempts of hackers to create working software that uses ZigZag data structures. It is a sad story. It is an infuriating story. http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/233#comment-1715 http://www.nongnu.org/gzz/ high levels of fluoride <> fluoride added to water. Recommended upper levels of fluoride are If you are American living in the west coast and use water from your own well, you might want to check your fluoride levels. Excess fluoride is removed from tap water in US. I always wondered how one of the best professional poker players in the world would be so big degen that he would routinely throw away hundreds of thousands in card games where he could not win. This and the Crockfords Casino incident make his behavior more understandable. It seems that he did not really cheat, , he just exploited flaws. It does not matter. "Basically the change in track density and the related changes in the storage medium have created a situation where the acts of clearing and purging the media have converged. That is, for ATA disk drives manufactured after 2001 (over 15 GB) clearing by overwriting the media once is adequate to protect the media from both keyboard and laboratory attack." http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/nistpubs/800-88/NISTSP800-... If somebody knows disc recovery firm that claims the ability to rescue data from modern hdd after dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda bs=1M let me know. Don't forget secure erase command. It clears even hidden data areas: hdparm --security-erase Eins /dev/sda Norvig's Law in action. Nokia as phone manufacturer is gone. Nokia the company still exists. It owns the Nokia brand and has massive mobile patent portfolio (only licensed to Microsoft). Nokia is made of NSN (Nokia Solutions and Networks), maps and The Nokia Research Center. Nokia is prohibited from using the brand to sell mobile phones for few years (ending 2018). It's completely possible that they come up with new gadgets or even phones with Nokia name. Not any more. Those parts of Nokia Keiretsu that once was exist today as independent companies. http://www.nokiantyres.com/ http://www.nokiantires.com/ http://nokianjalkineet.fi/en/ http://www.nokianfootwear.com/ Nokia Cable is now http://www.nkcommunications.com Remember the Burning Platform letter from Elop that killed remaining Symbian sales for Nokia? Elop likened Nokia/Symbian to burning oil platform and argued that Nokia must jump from the platform to be saved. Jolla http://jolla.com/ was founded soon afterwards by people who left Nokia. The name Jolla means dinghy, skiff or lifeboat in Finnish. One of the biggest mistakes was American style stock options in Nokia and the way it was implemented (to make the VP level management rich and leave others with nothing). What do ambitious people grown in Nordic culture do when they become rich and financially independent? They either leave to start their own business or pursue other interests with passion. Those who did stay were not the cream of the crop and lost their ambition. Ownership of big Finnish companies formed Keiretsu type arrangement until the beginning of the 80's. Finland had two big banks, SYP and KOP, and they formed two camps that cross owned large sectors of Finnish business. Nokia was mostly in the SYP camp. SYP owned directly 20% of Nokia and even more trough it's insurance companies and other investors. "When 36 years old your code is, look as good it will not ehh." see also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Cybersyn Somebody correct me if I'm wrong, but Google cars still can't drive in the rain or in the snow. Not even on a wet street. They have driven all those thousand miles in Mountain View, Calif. in good weather. Generally lidar's don't work well with rain or reflective surfaces. Finland has had this since 2012. It really helps small companies who develop gis and map applications as well as hobbyists. http://www.maanmittauslaitos.fi/en/opendata http://www.maanmittauslaitos.fi/en/opendata/list-of-the-digi... So people who use incognito mode don't benefit much? The problem with this proposal is that there is single central (but non-centralized) counterparty risk. If the market grows big, there will be huge monetary incentives to try to find weaknesses in the system and find to collude. I would like to see non-centralized single market that has protocol for multiple transparent brokers that compete with fees and have their reputation there for everyone to see and judge any way they want. This way the risk of large bets could be divided between brokers. Broker would be just identity and the 'implementation' could be single individual (anonymous or not), multiple individuals (broker syndicate) who would vote among themselves and manage their membership. Ability to attach decentralized algorithms as brokers should be also possible if taken into account when designing the protocols. This is well written argument, but there is one big difference between China now and Japan then. China is still going through urbanization in unprecedented scale. About half of the Chinese live in cities now. By 2030, cities will be home to 70 per cent of China’s population and generate 75 per cent of its GDP. There will be 200 million Chinese moving into cities in next few decades. China can be close to where Japan is now in the 2040 banking crisis. For now, even massive crisis just delays the inevitable increase in demand that eats away all mistakes in fiscal and monetary policy. http://insights.som.yale.edu/insights/what-should-we-underst... http://www.cn.undp.org/content/china/en/home/presscenter/pre... http://www.cn.undp.org/content/china/en/home/presscenter/pre... There will be #2, but coming banking crisis will be temporary, not decades long zombie slump like in already developed and urbanized Japan. LIDAR does not work in rain, on wet roads or in the snow. Google car drives only in good weather in California for a reason. In Sweden they could drive maybe a week in a year. ... Sommaren är kort de mesta regnar bort .. They both have same roots, the :keyword syntax comes from Common Lisp and others: From Matz (creator of Ruby): Ruby is a language designed in the following steps: * take a simple lisp language (like one prior to CL). * remove macros, s-expression. * add simple object system (much simpler than CLOS). * add blocks, inspired by higher order functions. * add methods found in Smalltalk. * add functionality found in Perl (in OO way). So, Ruby was a Lisp originally, in theory. Let's call it MatzLisp from now on. ;-) There is nothing else that gets the accuracy Google needs. Sensors are currently unsolved problem. Multi wavelength radars don't yet have the accuracy and they don't work well with nonmetallic objects (There is limit of how much radar can use power (safely) and how expensive it can be. What works for F-22 don't work for Google) Google is not planning to monetize this technology anytime soon, despite the hype. The difference between crude human/animal intelligence and top notch AI-research is still huge. If people would need the accuracy that Google's car needs to move reliably and do split second decisions, we could never leave our house. We operate using just two cameras and accelerometers. The clear picture and spatial recognition is done using top notch heuristics in the unconscious. With self driving car it's the opposite. They need millions of very accurate distance measurements per second to drive. Driving like Google car does with cameras only is not happening yet. Brendan Eich was hired to Netscape to "put Scheme in the browser", he ended up with Javascript. see also: https://mxr.mozilla.org/mozilla/source/js2/semantics/ LIDAR Google uses takes more than a million measurements per second and has ~11 cm resolution. 360 degree 3d map of its surroundings. http://i.imgur.com/hmSc9HJ.jpg Henk Barendregt (known for his work in lambda calculus and type theory) has good explanation of the apparent contradictions in tetra lemma. Buddhist Phenomenology - 1.7 Explaining apparent contradictions: http://www.cs.ru.nl/~henk/BP/bp1.html#SECTION000270000000000... In other words: And Now for Something Completely Different... Avalanche effect from shot noise is quantum noise. Shot noise that causes avalanche effect is quantum noise. The problem of generating quantum random numbers is same as with optical device: removing all other sources of noise. For the purpose of this discussion there are two types of noise in electronics: shot noise and thermal noise. Shot noise is discrete noise that happens when single electrons are emitted and adsorbed. Shot noise is quantum noise and can't be reduced by cooling and don't vary with frequency. Thermal noise is noise that depends on the temperature of the circuit. Temperature increases the energy of material and this energy allows electrons to bounce around more creating noise. For the purpose of QRNG, you don't have to separate shot noise from thermal noise if you know the shot noise to thermal noise ratio. We are not interested of knowing actual bits generated by shot noise. We just want to collect enough random bits so that we can guarantee that there is enough quantum randomness to make the quality equal to just quantum bits. For example, if the ratio is 1/100, we collect more than 100 bits and mix them together to get one bit of quantum randomness. Shot noise is amplified and has easily detectable effects in in p-n junctions (diodes, photodectectors). Go is very complex. How about game with much smaller search tree complexity first, like poker. We don't have computers winning professional poker players yet. They are quite good in heads up game (one to one), but full table is beyond them. The problem in poker is not the complexity of the game, it's in learning how your opponent thinks and how they adjust to your play. Using virus infections against cancer has long history. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oncolytic_virus He is known as annoying Usenet troll by many. I don't classify him as pure troll, however. He don't troll for the sake of trolling and he can be helpful. He is very opinionated and argumentative and don't adjust his thinking very well. He might have mood disorder. http://xahlee.org/PageTwo_dir/Personal_dir/xah.html I have been doing zazen meditation as 2-3 hours per day for 10+ years. The way I see it, mindfulness practices and meditation gives long term effects because you are doing the effort yourself. It's not the mental state you are in during the meditation that brings the long term benefits. What works is your constant effort to look at your mind and notice what it does, even when you are distracted or feel vexed and especially then. When you do 7 day zazen retreat where you meditate 10-16 hours per day, you feel pain in your legs, periods of intense drowsiness, agitation, strong emotions, boredom, etc. all this while sitting and looking calm outwards. Within all this internal storm you are just looking at what happens your own mind at the current moment. Attaching yourself to pleasant mental states you get in meditation is just waste of time. The way these EEG devices work is by giving you feedback loop that gets you into relaxed state. That's not same as meditation. It can have good effects, but it's not the same. One person drives with car 10 km every day and other person runs 10 km every day. The amount they travel correlates very closely, but only one person gets exercise. I agree. EEG signals are buried within layers of much stronger artifacts. I'm relatively sure that this device just notices when you you relax your face and forehead muscles. That's good indicator of your relaxation. Publishers play the role of venture capital. Writing good books is often teamwork with writer(s), editor and publishing company. Traditionally good publishers have picked up unknown writers and nurtured them years and provided them with editors. For the public they do the service of selecting promising writers and marketing them. Consumers can't recognize writing they like like they select music, listening just few minutes. Reading something is always an investment and publishers reduce the risk of that investment. Nobody reads first novels from first-time authors for fun. 99% of them will be bad and even if the writer is good the novel probably needs lots of editing to become good. EBooks and print-in-demand don't help to solve this issue. Nobody wants to read crap or likes the 99% odds of reading crap even if it's free. Somebody has to be paid to read trough the crap and discover the good bits. Amazon just sings up already known writers who sell. Maybe the only way left for aspiring author is: 1. write into literary magazines and journals. 2. get sponsorships from (wealthy) patrons of literature who read those magazines or do all the marketing and publishing work yourself (basically two full time jobs in addition to your day job that pays the bills) I'm an European and treason and espionage are political crimes. If Snowden is a traitor, then he spied on my behalf against U.S. government. For me and many other citizens of so called free word he is a hero. He should get a medal. In U.S. media the discussion centers around Americans being spied and if that is illegal. As a non-American, I see U.S. UK and other mass surveillance countries as constantly attacking me personally. As more and more people feel the same way, it will eventually have real consequences to U.S. interests. It might take generation or two, but it will happen. First world countries are very interdependent and this kind of attacking harms us all. Even in the cynical machtpolitik world view this can be seen as shortsighted strategy. I'm an European and treason and espionage are political crimes (they not against universal ethics in any way). If Snowden is a traitor, then he spied on my behalf against U.S. government. For me and many other citizens of so called free word he is a hero. He should get a medal. In U.S. media the discussion centers around Americans being spied and if that is illegal. As a non-American, I see U.S. UK and other mass surveillance countries as constantly attacking me personally. As more and more people feel the same way, it will eventually have real consequences to U.S. interests. It might take generation or two, but it will happen. Why would U.S. want to make new enemies? First world countries are very interdependent on each other and this kind of attacking harms us all. Even in the cynical machtpolitik world view this can be seen as shortsighted strategy. >I find it frustrating the extent to which Europeans seem to believe that their own governments aren't spying on them. Most European countries don't do mass surveillance. In my country there are two spy agencies, civilian and military one, and they both have less than 200 people working for them. their budgets are just too small for large scale spying. > a government that has a track record of cooperation with SIGINT. There is nothing wrong with cooperation and SIGINT. Spy agencies should spy and exchange information. It's the mass surveillance that is the most problematic aspect. I find several problems with this argument. First, it is oversimplification. Robots don't eat jobs as in "there is nothing more to do for humans." The argument is that automation will decrease the wage share (labour share) and increase the share of capital (wage share has been in decline in OECD countries since early 70's.) Secondly, history disagrees. Luddites had it right first. When industrialization started, automation reduced the living standards of workers for several decades. What turned things around was political struggle and unions. There was violence and people were shot at factory gates. Automation itself is not going to create utopia. There has to be political change in how we share profits. Automation and Robots create new economic situation where the value and ratio between human capital and capital changes. Krugman has written few easy to digest articles that explain why Anderseens first and second point are very problematic. http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/08/rise-of-the-robo... http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/11/human-versus-phy... http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/10/technology-and-w... Prisoner's Dilemma (PD) is good abstraction. The power for game theory comes from abstraction. If you want to understand the implications, you must understand how this abstraction works. If you can make humans really play PD and they are rational, nothing unexpected happens. The problem with these human experiments is not that PD can't model decision making, it's in the leaking implementation where payoff does not quantify the utility for the players. If you follow that line of thought to it's conclusion, you end up with gas turbine (Brayton cycle). Progress for the sake of progress is not progress. The question that should be asked is if not using IMAP gives for this app any edge over not using it? It seems that the answer is no. Future, meet past https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperCard Stasi is relevant because methods Stasi used are relevant. Stasi considered arrests and torture to be ineffective and crude methods when controlling people. They wanted something that was harder to detect even for the victims. The oppression and surveillance Stasi directed towards typical citizen or dissident was not brutal as in "you have to fear for your life", especially in the last decades of DDR. Stasi perfected the technique called Zersetzung. It was form of psychological harassment and character assassination that maintained plausibe deniability. They falsified information and caused mental stress. For high value targets it could include breaking into their house and altering furniture. For most people it was the threat of being inconvenienced, life being derailed and social relationships disrupted. Not getting into school, not getting the job or apartment you wanted. False rumors about you. Social relationships being broken. No-fly list for your life. There is potential for the same thing happening in the west as a result of more efficient surveillance. Some black box algorithm determines that this guy acts in a way that is above some threshold and your life will be somewhat more shitty from that day onward. You just don't know why. This is just hardware problem. The biggest risk is in the software. The potential for F-35 being the most expensive software project failure is still there. Lockheed is still writing the code for Block 2B software that provides enough functionality for the initial operational capability (IOC). That might be ready 2016 if the software gets ready. This would enable F-35 to fly limited combat missions. The real reason for F-35 is in the block 3F (full capability). Full sensor integration, augmented reality helmet, data fusion between radars and IR. Ability to share raw sensor data between fighters. It's incredibly complex systems with millions of lines of code and it's safety critical code. Without it, F-35 is failure. Software Testing Problems Continue to Plague F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Program http://spectrum.ieee.org/riskfactor/aerospace/aviation/softw... You are not messy enough. It's always great to see post from real Lisper instead of yet another Lisp philosopher. I find your emphasis of building intuition very important. Personal anecdote related to Pythagorean theorem/euclidean distance. When in ninth grade, I asked my math teacher to explain why why the the standard deviation is like it is and why the square root and not something else. He could not explain that to me satisfactorily. I spend few hours looking at the formula myself and plotting and drawing different datasets until I made the following association: if dataset is like N dimensional vector and its values x1, x2, .. xN are coordinates, then I'm looking at euclidean distance from mean plus adjusting for the number of dimensions. I think this single moment of cryptic formula making sense changed my attitude towards statistics and math. Dataset ~ vector and data-point ~ vector-coordinate association helps to understand statistics using geometrical intuition. I'm really baffled about this. Maybe I'm from older hacker generation (and I'm also a Finn). I just did not see personal insults going on. I would like to see more neutral discussion about cultural differences (between hackers and nations) and not opinions and own cultural biases stated as normative. Here is my personal cultural bias: 1. Insulting people personally is not same thing as insulting their ideas or their actions. If someone insults my actions or my ideas, I may get emotional, but I don't take it as an insult. For me it means that I'm being challenged. 2. Cursing is not unprofessional or insulting in itself. Cursing is to be used for emphasis and to get people involved emotionally (good thing). Cursing has its place to signal frustration and get trough people. Too much cursing is like underlining everything. 3. (Anglo American) business culture is not necessarily something to be emulated. Being overly polite invites all kinds of side stepping, passive aggressive behavior and ineffectiveness. I feel that "being professional" is used here as thought terminating cliche. 4. Some hacker cultures can be both fiercely competitive and cooperative at the same time. Being heavily criticized and challenged is part of that process. Kernel hackers compete to get their ideas incorporated into the same codebase. Javascript hackers borrow snippets from each other and do their own things (no need to be as competitive as forking is easier). This might lead to different hacker cultures. What is accepted in one culture is not accepted in other. 5. Management by perkele[1] is management strategy that can be very effective with the 'Shut Up and Show Them the Code' hacker culture. 6. Pacabel may have a point. Younger generations may no be used to their work or behavior being harshly criticized and take it as personal insult. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8089706 [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Management_by_perkele#Examples... >overly critical culture of many European nations prevents younger people from trying out or voicing ideas I don't think this is what is happening here. >humans are human and don't like being humiliated , especially in public. This is just the cultural difference I'm talking about. Someone criticizing your work or behavior does not universally signal humiliating you as a person. I acknowledge that this may be so for you personally or in your culture. >Knowing that an insult wasn't technically directed at them doesn't stop them feeling shitty, and being unproductive as a result. Again, this is not culturally universal reaction. In some people and cultures it gets your blood flowing and it encourages you to work harder. >Younger generations are used to their work being criticised constructively and dispassionately. Is dispassionate interaction something you should automatically want? I also don't agree that with the constructive criticism and passionate delivery are somehow exclusive. I don't personally use the language that Linus uses, but I strive in the environment where people are very competitive and compete against each others by engaging personally (both negatively and positively). It's inevitable that we associate some part of our ego into our ideas and work and feel a sting when it's criticized. I love it when I'm right and others are wrong and little hurt when I'm wrong and and get called for it. I assume others feel the same. This does not mean that I am personally attacking or hating people. If someone can't cope with it, I have to find other way to communicate with them of course. But if I'm in good competitive alpha-team where nobody is taking it personally I feel that we should be able to keep our culture and not change just like very PC and non-emotional "professional" team culture should not change if they feel they are in good and productive place. Defaulting is error on both sides, the borrower failed in risk analysis just like the debtor. The problem is that sovereign nations don't have clear bankrupt procedure and these hedge funds are holding country as hostage for their past mistakes despite the fact that majority of borrowers accepted debt restructuring that was arranged and accepted haircuts. If the debt and its interest grows past what country gdp can ever grow, they can never pay back and they either became debt slaves forever or keep defaulting. This is attempt at debt slavery in national level. (if person can't pay his debt ever, should he and his family lineage be responsible for that debt forever?) I think it's reasonable to expect that in these cases banks should accept haircuts and settle like wast majority of investors did. Upholding business deal is ethically less important than country of millions being able to continue their life. The logical cost of country not being able to pay for their dept should be higher interest rates in future, not shutting country down. >If I should instead shape every contract with a 20% hedge that assumes the counter party will not keep their word, doesn't that introduce a significant amount of inefficiency in the entire system. Of course it does and it should, because there is real risks involved. Banks make their money by evaluating risks correctly. >For systemic risk to be properly moderated, the individuals or even individual counties must suffer the consequences of their actions. You can opt to not allow this, but you ultimately suffer as a whole when you do. This would only work if the parties involved would be fully rational. As long as you have imperfect actors with limited information that have limited ability to learn lessons, optimum way to limit the risk for borrower is by bankruptcy laws and procedures so that everyone involved knows the risks. There was solid international effort to deal with the situation during the Argentine Great Depression and IMF was involved in making the deal. Because there is no bankruptcy law for countries, it was impossible to negotiate bankruptcy deal for Argentine that would bind everyone. These hedge funds are exploiting this. Going forward, we should make example of them. If majority of debtors agree, better to take the deal. This would generate de facto bankruptcy procedure. >This scientist may have had some level of guilt because of his involvment with Obokata but that was nothing worth dying for to clear his name. Japan is shame society. Shame is weighing heavily even if when person is not guilty and drive people to suicide. Aspirin has potential. It might also help with mood disorders if or when they are connected to low level chronic inflammation. (big if, nothing conclusive, just interesting connection) http://apt.rcpsych.org/content/14/4/248.full http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15867179 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3535180/ Can you name any businesses where radical decentralization builds important revenue? As others have pointed out, technology seems to consolidate more than decentralize. Network effect is opposite force to decentralization. Companies like Airbnb, Uber consolidate previously small businesses under one huge company. All natural extremes fit within +100 and -100 beautifully. 110 - sauna is too hot 100 - water boils in one atmosphere 50 - desert hot (record is 56.7 °C (134.1 °F) Death Valley, California, U.S.A. 10 July 1913) 30 - hot (for a finn) 25 - nice hot 20 - use more clothes below this 0 - water freezes, ice forms on roads, lakes etc. -10 - cold but OK with good clothes -20 - this starts to be so cold were you need to prepare yourself well if you want to spend more than an hour outside. Temperature inside freezer. -30 - extreme colds start. You don't enjoy this even when prepared and using good clothes. -40 - Winter War conditions -50 - record breaking extremes −89.2 °C (−128.6 °F) Vostok Station 21 July 1983 -110 Kriotherapy room for treating joint inflammation When I heard about spiking neurons, I assumed that IBM tries to speed up Blue Brain project or cognitive research in general. But it seems like SyNAPTIC group tries to push this chip into common machine learning applications. http://www.research.ibm.com/articles/brain-chip.shtml NSA started to move towards "two-man rule" system where system administrators work in pairs when accessing servers with highly classified information only after Snowden leaks. When you know that Russia and China have good track record of long running human intelligence operations in the US, this looks like really gigantic security lapse. They are not stupid and they must have been discussing it. There must have been strategic decision where they prioritized the expansion of intelligence collection over internal security (effectively cutting the work that skilled people with security clearances can do to almost half must be real cost and resource bottleneck). If I had to guess the situation, I would say that for every whistle blower there is two spies who spy for Russia or China and they have collected all documents they can. Russians&Chinese spying US spying the world. The cost of setting up good HUMINT must be fraction of the cost of the NSA infrastructure. I think records speak against your IMHO. 1. Ideology has not been the major modus operandi in long time (since 50's). Nowadays idealogical reasons are replaced by cultural and ethnic loyalties. Wast majority of people who spied for China have had Chinese heritage. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_intelligence_operation... 2. Money and personal problems/reasons seems to be major reason for spying against US and for Soviet Union/Russia during and after cold war (Hanssen, Ames) According to American counterintelligence Russian espionage reached Cold War levels already in in 2007. There was only two economists discussing the future of jobs :( Robotics and automation are changing business from labor intensive to capital intensive. Wage share (share of wages from the GDP) has been going down since early 70's in all OECD countries. Automation will continue to increase that trend together with more competition from third world. The job loss should be considered as one issue in downward pressure for wages caused by automation. Workers can compete with with automation by earning less. People from developing world will be able to compete against automation longer. Removing cashiers and logistic workers with automation and more sophisticated vending machines might generate bigger dent to the jobs than self driving cars (They have vending machine in Italy that makes fresh pizza starting from the flour). I'm a Finn and not language person, so I have always wondered why some linguists and philologists (like Tolkien) love Finnish language despite it being so weird and hard to learn. Here is interesting opinion from one foreigner: http://www.reddit.com/r/Nordiccountries/comments/2bm3e4/dane... --8 Ok this might get long. First to give some weight to my opinion, I should mention that I've studied most of the major language families in the world to some depth. I've studied indo-european languages quite extensively (including all scandinavian languages), I have a degree in Icelandic, teach it for a living, and have studied Finnish for many years. In comparaison to other languages, Finnish is very regular. It is extremely efficient - you can create new words very easily and all the parts 'click' together perfectly. One of the reason for the great practicality and efficiency of the Finnish language is that for one thing, it uses many small ways to integrate endings seemlessly into the words - vowel harmony means only certain vowels can be added onto certain nouns (a o u can only have a o u in the word, whereas ä ö y can only be around other ä ö y, and i e are neutral). Every way in which a word can end in Finnish also has a second 'open' form that is used when the seal of the word is broken (nominative) to add more stuff onto it. The word kuningas 'king' can be 'broken open' to kunkinkaa- and then you add endings (kuninkaalle, kuninkaana, etc.). So it's kind of like a really slick puzzle where each part fits specifically with a word and various rules make it all seem like one big beautiful well integrated whole. Another beautiful thing about Finnish is the purity of its sounds. It's extremely clear. You can chose to speak Finnish in such a way that every single vowel is completely distinct from the other, no sound is ambiguous, everything is just the way it should be. Finnish also has a LOT of words. LOADS of words describing sounds in nature. LOADS of words for various types of movement (jump, jump once, jump around, jump casually, etc.). It is the PERFET language to talk about the forest, mushrooms, types of soil, types of bark, birds, water, weather. I can think of SO many words related to trees, bark, where the tree lies, how big it is, is it dead on its side, dead lying on another tree, dead with the middle rotten away, the bark rotten away, etc. Finnish is also what is called a linguistic icebox. When you put a new word into Finnish, it remains unchanged for many thousands of years. The word kuningas 'king' is nearly identical to the proto-germanic form (*kuningaZ). So in other words, Finnish is incredibly clear, very 'integrated' (words seamlessly melt into one another with high specificity), really rich in derivations (you can create hundreds of words based on one root), really rich in words for sound, movement, nature, trees, plants, etc., and it has changed very little for a very very long time. Sure, it's spoken with a rather low voice and your culture might label Finnish as ugly, but it's just really different from the germanic languages, and in my opinion, infinitely more beautiful! Upea suomenkieli, kaikkein kaunein kieli! --8 There is already over million Chinese working and living in Africa. Chinese entrepreneurs, workers etc. This is not move against government mass surveillance (collecting intelligence). This is criminal case and the question is the limits of legal discovery. I watch it here: https://www.google.com/finance?cid=22144 Microsoft didn't buy Nokia brand, it only licensed it. Nokia still manages the brand. Agreement forbids Nokia from manufacturing or selling mobile phones until 2016. Same applies for licensing the Nokia brand for other phone makers. ps. Microsoft didn't by Nokia Research or the patents. It's possible that Nokia enters into the consumer markets with their own products. I did not downvote you, but I find your suggestion very amusing because it's so casually out of context. Being Lisp does not make one Lisp family language replacement for other. Language feature list is not sufficient for comparing the similarity of languages. Clojure and CL are very different languages with very different programming styles. You might have suggested Javascript just as easily. >The tricky bit is figuring out which million people to put in the rocket. Humanity attempts to answer this question using trial and error method. From the previous attempts we now know that the correct answer is not: - the proletariat, - Jews, - Circassians - Armenians - American Indians or indigenous peoples in general. "Well, there is Sitting Zen (zazen, meditation), there is Walking Zen. Oh, and then, of course, especially in the West, there is Talking Zen. No good." Many Zen practitioners have received their first contact with zen trough Alan Watts. He was really good writer. But eventually you must realize that he was philosopher, alcoholic and religions scholar who looked Zen from the outside. Talking and thinking about Zen is like talking and thinking about physical exercise. Philosophical thinking about koan is like treating bench press as a philosophical problem. You can't lift it with your toughs. Zen is meditation first school of Buddhism. You must learn to do zazen (zen meditation). In other words, sit down and shut up. If you want to become Buddha, do what Buddha did and don't just listen and think about what he said. I'm myself a Zen Buddhist, I train with a teacher and have spend time zen training in a zen temple and attend sesshins regularly. I'm also very secular and atheist person who don't like organized religion. It's miracle that I can coexist with religious setting, but I do it because I see Buddhsit Zen teachers as experienced coaches and temple as training facility. I also know that he is not going to indoctrinate me for anything superstitions despite his own beliefs that are different from mine (there are number of rotten zen teachers though). If I were to describe what zazen meditation[1] is using as scientific terms as possible, I would say that it's developing and directing your attention towards higher temporal resolution and developing the ability of keeping it there (always below 1s and it can go as low as ~40 Hz). You can put your poet hat on and call it "living in this moment", "looking at the reality", "awakening to reality", "seeing the world as it really is", "impermanence" or "looking into yourself/mind", but that's what it really is in my opinion. You can't have complex philosophical toughs in such a short time. You can only see 'thoughtlets' (small incomplete toughs) forming and fading away in fractions of second. It's like using low level debugger into the functioning of yor mind (debugger being directed attention). --- [1] Same thing with most other awareness style Buddhist meditation traditions. You learn to see similarities with other traditions when you practice. Zazen is often more spartan and simplified and vital (not for everyone). Nice description of the differences between Zen and Vipassana styles by Shinzen Young http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WiM-w5qqmE Oracle advice on how to configure ZFS and Oracle Database http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/server-storage/solaris/con... Some picks: Free space is important 10-20%. >In an environment with a high rate of data update (or churn), it is advisable to maintain a certain amount of free space. ZFS is a copy-on-write file system and relocates all writes to free disk space. Keeping a certain amount of free blocks allows ZFS to easily find space in big chunks, allows ZFS to aggregate writes and reduce the write IOPS demand on hard disks. Streaming aggregated writes can be 50-100 times less demanding on hard drives than doing small random writes. Therefore, the incentive for keeping free space is high, especially in a high churn environment, such as an active OLTP database. >The number one rule for setting up an Oracle database on ZFS is to set ZFS recordsize equal to the database block size for the file systems that contain the Oracle data files. recordsize = db_block_size I read all Jules Verne novels I could get my hands on when I was 14-16 years old (for those who have not read Verne, they are very dry and detailed books). Recently I discovered yet another, his dystopian novel: Paris in the Twentieth Century (written in 1863, first published 1994) and it totally blew my mind how interestingly prophetic some of his predictions for 100 ahead years were (and some of the predictions still might become true). Comment on drug discovery: Drug industry have been criticized for exaggerating their R&D numbers. Critics also claim that private funding is directed towards drugs that contain active moieties that are same or closely related to active moieties in products that have been previously approved by FDA and that wast majority of important breakthrough drugs are the result of publicly funded research. If someone discovers drug that already works and makes billions, it justifies pushing new molecule that has same functionality but is covered with different patents. FDA approves typically less than new 30 NCE:s per year. Some are classified as NCE:s just for administrative purposes. To have realistic 3D technology you need to have 3 things: 1. Stereopsis - different image for both eyes. 2. Accommodation - ability of eye lense to focus on different distances. 3. vergence - eyes rotate slightly inward or outward so that the projection of an image is always in the center of both retinas Modern 3d technology (movies, VR) provides only sereopsis without accommodation or vergence and vergence-accommodation conflict can cause headaches. You also notice that if you look at different part of the screen from where the movie camera is focused on, the image is blurry. Conventional lens-screen technology (like Olucus Rift) can't solve these problems. You need something new like light field technology or hologram technology. This is why hundreds of millions if not several billions are needed to develop this technology. I'm not seeing any top physicists working in this program (McGuire is not one). I would be willing to bet 1000 EUR that their math and modeling does not add up, or they have skipped some details. Problem with fusion research like this is that the closer you get self sustainment or energy generation, the harder it gets and problems pile up. This project looks like many other similar projects that have gone bust. They start by solving the easiest problems first, get some funding and hit the wall. The main problem with any reactor design is how to handle the 14 MeV neutrons produced by the fusion reaction (no mention in the article). They tend to damage the reactor and make it economically unfeasible. At this point being able to create fusion reaction is not the main challenge. It's the sustainment and economics of limiting the damage. If they really have solved all the problems and demonstrate economically sound fusion in 5-10 years, they will be handed Nobel price in physics for sure. >How much dangerous are the neutrons from such device? Fusion neutron (14 MeV) from fusion reactor is exactly as energetic as fusion neutron emitted by a neutron bomb and causes equal damage (just distributed over longer time). They have 10x as much energy as fission neutrons and travel at speed of 52,000 km/s (17.3% of the speed of light). Neutron capture before they hit and damage magnets, electronics or wear out materials is important part of the fusion reactor design. Photons have both spin angular momentum (SAM) and orbital angular momentum (OAM). OAM was found theoretically by L. Allen et al. in 1992. What if the the space is full of efficient OAM encoded radio transmissions from alien civilizations and we are just getting close to discovery? They discuss it in page 13. It seems that you can do so for small set of angular momentum modes. This years Nobel price in Economics was given to Jean Tirole whose field this is. http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/economic-sciences/lau... Industrial organization is very interesting and important field to follow even if you are a layman interested in game theory, mechanism design and implementation theory. Market structure is big important part of efficiently working free markets. Good point. Industrialization in 19th and 20th centuries caused suffering in the transition period (1st industrial revolution resulted decrease in average height and drop in expected lifespan in Britain) and the public was able to fully enjoy the benefits of the industrialization only after massive political struggle that included violence (revolutions, unions, strikes, assassinations). The end result was society with new laws and new systems for wealth distribution. Did living standards improve during the Industrial Revolution? http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2013/09/economic... If we look into history for cues, industrialization should be seen as two step process: 1. New technology brings new opportunities and makes economy more efficient. It also changes power structures in the society and creates massive imbalances. 2. Dramatic technological changes are followed with equally dramatic changes in society that either happen trough political struggle or violence. Funny and informative at the same time. User-perceived characters are not graphemes, they are grapheme clusters. You can look at unicode stings in at least four different levels of abstraction: bytes, code points, code units and grapheme clusters. Only advantage UTF-32 has over others is that allcode units fit into single code point (atleast I think so) If you want a vector where each user-perceived character and whitespace matches one element in the vector, probably the easiest way is to create vector where each element is short unicode string that matches grapheme cluster. Yes. Thank you. Things that don't necessarily fit into single UTF-32 code unit: combining character sequence and grapheme cluster. What is the general lesson we should learn from this? Postel's law aka robustness principle [1] can easily lead into accumulating complexity when implementations adapt to the bugs in other implementations. How could protocol designers mitigate this problem beforehand? [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle Too much dandelion soup? Typical Buffet deal. 1) >Interbrand estimated that the brand value of Duracell stood at $4.9 billion 2) >Duracell maintains over 25% of the global battery market share. Duracell has both brand and volume advantage over competitors in battery business. Warren Buffett coined the term economic moat to describe the advantages companies like Duracell have. >INVESTOPEDIA EXPLAINS 'Economic Moat' >The wider the moat, the larger and more sustainable the competitive advantage. By having a well-known brand name, pricing power and a large portion of market demand, a company with a wide moat possesses characteristics that act as barriers against other companies wanting to enter into the industry. N1 is their product. They just use contract manufacturers just like Apple does. They are also hiring new people for tablet development. Nokia only sold their phone manufacturing and design to Microsoft. Nokia is Nokia Networks, Mobile Broadband- and Global Services, Nokia HERE ja Nokia Technologies (previously Nokia Research). They also own the patents (just licensed to Microsoft) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category_theory Folding lattice fins are old technology. Soviet N1 rocket had them. Russians have used them in ballistic missiles and air-to-air missiles since 70s. Should they have smaller quota for smaller boards? If the change of selecting woman or man would be totally equal, 11-18% of company boards with 5-8 members would fail this criteria. Where is the line between discrimination and unconscious prejudice and should we treat them differently? For example, it seems that height is as important as race or gender as a determinant of wages and leadership roles. http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/everyday_economics/2002/0... http://gladwell.com/blink/why-do-we-love-tall-men/ >In the U.S. population, about 14.5 percent of all men are six feet or over. Among CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, that number is 58 percent. Variable capture in CL can be avoided with few helpful macros. (defmacro WITH-GENSYMS (syms &body body) `(let ,(loop for s in syms collect `(,s (gensym))) ,@body)) (defmacro WITH-UNIQUE-NAMES (vars &body body) `(let ,(loop for var in vars collect `(,var (make-symbol ,(symbol-name var)))) ,@body)) (defmacro REBINDING (vars &body body) (loop for var in vars for name = (make-symbol (symbol-name var)) collect `(,name ,var) into renames collect ``(,,var ,,name) into temps finally (return `(let ,renames (with-unique-names ,vars `(let (,,@temps) ,,@body)))))) (defmacro ONCE-ONLY ((&rest names) &body body) (let ((gensyms (loop for n in names collect (gensym)))) `(let (,@(loop for g in gensyms collect `(,g (gensym)))) `(let (,,@(loop for g in gensyms for n in names collect ``(,,g ,,n))) ,(let (,@(loop for n in names for g in gensyms collect `(,n ,g))) ,@body))))) edit: added once-only It's not specially related to overfitting. It's just general property of abstraction process (overfitting can be thought as over-abstraction). Financial accounting can be thought as system that tries to make it easy to differentiate between irregularities and normal operation from few summary documents. The summary documents like balance sheets are abstractions of the original records and you can normally detect financial problems easily using them. But if you have intelligent adversary within the accounting process that tries to forge the result, you must look into the original records and go trough them to find forgery. Alternative to Ada is often writing Ada in some other language more painfully :( I think it's sad that companies move to restricted C/C++ subset just because there are more people with C/C++ in their resume. 1. The JSF air vehicle C++ coding standards http://www.stroustrup.com/JSF-AV-rules.pdf 2. MISRA-C:2004 Guidelines for the use of the C language in critical systems http://caxapa.ru/thumbs/468328/misra-c-2004.pdf 3. MISRA C++:2008 Guidelines for the use of the C++ language in critical systems http://frey.notk.org/books/MISRA-Cpp-2008.pdf http://www.faqs.org/patents/assignee/magic-leap-inc/ Causal discovery has been research subject in statistics and machine learning for years. See, for example: Causation, Prediction, and Search by Spirtes, Glymour and Scheines (1993) https://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu.edu/project/learn-43/lib/p... Computation, Causation, & Discovery (1999), edited by C. Glymour and G. Cooper, MIT Press Being defensive is very crippling. It's hard to concentrate, you may feel angry, inpatient or suddenly tired and mind wanders away. Reading speed and comprehension slows down. On the other hand, being aware and honest of your emotions and how they affect your thinking is important critical thinking skill. When you can realize your defensive attitude you can usually overcome it with effort. If I remember correctly, high IQ people have less cognitive biases that affect formal reasoning, but high IQ don't reduce biases that distort the ability to question one’s own judgment. Ability to reflect own decisions is correlated with dispositions like "active open-mindedness." Hopefully someday, model checkers and proof assistants can help mathematicians to put these monster proofs into format that can be verified with computer. >Using aggregate numbers, of the exceedingly small proportion of the world’s foreign communications we access, NSA algorithms filter out approximately 99.998 percent of the data it sees. Keeping 0.002% seems like just little bit of data, but is it? 79% of the Internet traffic is video. If you filter out almost all video content and other uninteresting transfer to everyone (50 companies deliver more than half of all Internet traffic), I think you can retain all metadata and all or most unique text based communications. Speech to text filter can keep metadata and at least huge number of keywords from all phone conversations. Theravada Buddhist monks follow the rule of not eating after midday. Some cheat by drinking lots of juice. August 6: bombing of Hiroshima August 7: 1. Japanese nuclear scientists determine that the bomb was indeed nuclear device. 2. Imperial Navy estimates that US has only one or two more bombs and Japan could endure the attacks. August 9: 1. bombing of Nagasaki 2. USSR declares war to Japan & Manchurian Strategic Offensive started. 3. Hirohito worried because USSR declared war and held an Imperial conference that authorized minister Tōgō to surrender with only one condition: status of the Emperor must be preserved. August 15: Japan Surrenders Even after Hirohito made the personal decision to surrender, the intention was to continue the war if the kokutai (Imperial institution and national polity) would not be preserved. Another misconception is that it's impossible to launch nukes without nuclear launch codes U.S president carries with him. The president's emergency satchel (nuclear football) or cold codes (plastic card called the biscuit) contain codes to identify the president and __authorize__ nuclear attack. They are codes for authorization. They don't contain codes that are needed to execute the attack. There is also two-man rule in place. Secretary of Defense must confirm the authorization. Krugman loves science fiction. He said that he wanted to stydy psycohistory described in the Foundation series, but chose economics because it was the closest thing you can actually study. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychohistory_%28fictional%29 Usually good books travel from English speaking world to other languages as translations. One of the masterpieces that has gone the opposite direction is: Mathematics: Its Content, Methods and Meaning (three volumes bound as one) by A. D. Aleksandrov, A. N. Kolmogorov, M. A. Lavrent'ev (18 authors total) http://www.amazon.com/Mathematics-Content-Methods-Meaning-Do... This book is really good companion for autodidacts. It's basically overview of mathematics. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/31/nsa-top-secret-... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XKeyscore That's why I said it's good companion. The book covers too much to be thorough. Each chapter gives good introduction to the subject matter and ends with list of suggested reading. I always read the relevant parts from this book before going deeper. Not everyone is going to dwell into non-euclidean geometry, functional analysis and topology. Furthermore, I don't think typical self studying engineer in Hacker News wants to learn math using rigorous introduction to analysis. You can get good working knowledge and intuition without knowing what delta epsilon is. While this is nice academic view. As a Lisp programmer, the Power of Lisp comes from being big ball of mud, see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_ball_of_mud#In_programming... . Usable and efficient Common Lisp implementation can be build from just ~25 primitives (more than core LISP but still very elegant). Elegant derivation of Lisp world does not matter when the atoms and the molecules can't be distinguished. Is the object system and meta-object protocol implemented as primitives by people who designed the Lisp implementation, or is it external library? Who cares. Only performance and correct function matter. More like passive towed decoy system than jammer. Moth equivalent of AN/ALE-50. 30% of the heating value of hydrogen is wasted for liquefaction. Methodological flexibility in statistical modeling has gone trough the roof. New tools and estimation methods make Bayesian methods easy to use: Jags and Stan, Hamiltonian Monte Carlo, the variational Bayesian approximations, expectation propagation and even probabilistic programming (note: Bayesian in this context does not mean subjectivity. It's the ability to quantify uncertainty in the results and increased flexibility in the modeling). New methods and tools are faster to use and give better results, but they require more statistical knowledge. If the scientist applying these methods or peer review can't understand the advances, it's all for nothing. Many sciences are methodologically very conservative to the extent that it holds the science back. How do you increase the statistical knowledge of the field so much that peer review and researchers can be expected to understand and use the new methods if they can't be trusted with p-value? > around the world and turned it into Empire. I would argue the opposite. Wars have eroded US global power. Iran was the biggest regional winner in the Iraq war, Saudi Arabia the biggest loser. US has weakened its position in the Middle East and Eurasia. Saudis are dealing with China more openly and Turkey is more independent. Even Germany is now more openly pushing it's own agenda in relation to Russia. >Obama has attacked no less than seven different countries in undeclared wars. International laws have changed a lot since WWII. Formal declarations of war (using the text 'declaration of war' in the bill) are not used anymore. There is no need to declare war if the war has UN authorization. If a country goes into war without UN authorization they can't do formal declaration without violating UN charter they have ratified. If you look at the wars US has been involved since 2001, they are either wars authorized with UN resolution and funded by Congress or they are 'military engagements' authorized by Congress. >“At Berkshire, we can — without incurring taxes or much in the way of other costs — move huge sums from businesses that have limited opportunities for incremental investment to other sectors with greater promise This accounts most of his overperformance over others. Insurance companies are big and steady moneymakers in Berkshire and they generate money even in downturns. This means that Buffet has money when prices are cheap. He can remove banks from the equation altogether. That alone is worth of several percentage points in profits above competition. I would like a version that has small GPS receiver and can sends SMS with location information when plugged in. It should works otherwise just like normal USB. (could be the size of USB HDD for example). JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER AIR VEHICLE C++ CODING STANDARDS http://www.stroustrup.com/JSF-AV-rules.pdf Those who don't want to use Ada are doomed to reimplement it with coding standards. You and splike both made good arguments. I just want to point out that it's possible to pick out winners better than random quess if they have advantage over others. Case in point: Warren Buffet. He is good investor who has beaten the S&P 500 decade after decade. But he is not beating the market because he makes series of good decisions. He beats the market because he has structured his business so that he has several advantages that others don't. The heart of his empire is his insurance companies. They create steady stream of cash even in the bad times when company valuations are low. Buffet don't have to loan money when he finds good investment or sell his other assets when he finds good investment. This already gives him severals percentage points advantage over others and that advantage compounds over decades. Also, he is in the position where he don't have to play martingale strategy [1] to please investors, because he and his friends own so many shares in the company (he is not in the payroll, he is in the charge). [1] The real cause of the financial crisis - An MIT Blackjack Team perspective by Semyon Dukach http://semyondukach.blogspot.com/2009/01/real-cause-of-finan... This is fairly obvious once you think it trough and one of the few things were majority of academic economists agree. Houses are not build to stand empty[1]. The number of houses available and the income level determine the prices. Even if you build luxury apartments, the end result is more affordable houses available to people with low income after the chain reaction where people move up to better housing ends. [1]: If this happens in some market conditions, raising property taxes to empty apartments works miracles. related matter: 1. Negativity or skepticism against announcements related hacking or engineering projects is not beneficial unless it's very detailed or insightful. If you don't like it, move on. Don't give your two cents if it's critique. 2. Negativity or skepticism against announcements related to science should be default (unless they come from top notch publications like Nature or Science). The quality of science news and press releases related to science is abysmal. People consume science hype almost like religious people listen sermons about heaven and don't even realize it. Popularized science posted in HN is 99% rubbish. You can figure out statistical structure of natural images (or just faces) and derive efficient representations with similar properties as to those observed in the visual system of the brain. See for example: Natural Image Statistics — A probabilistic approach to early computational vision https://www.cs.helsinki.fi/u/ahyvarin/natimgsx/ Probabilistic programming is way to increase flexibility of statisticall modelling. You only write the code that generates data and give statistical model and possibly some parameters to fix approximations used in estimation and get out model from that. For example, Stan-language supports MCMC modelling using Hamiltonian dynamics. http://mc-stan.org/ Just look at the KPCB office locations: Menlo Park, San Francisco, Beijing, Shanghai. You need to adjust for market size, competition and GDP growth. US at dot.com peak was already very competitive market. Chinese technology sector and markets are still undeveloped. Even decreasing GDP growth is almost double what US growth was during the bubble. This increases profit potential. This is interactive artistic illustration for story telling, not visualization. Formula One drivers usually experience 5 g while braking, 2 g while accelerating, and 4 to 6 g while cornering. Anyone who has critical opinion of current system should first study enough to pass "Turing test for mainstream monetary economics and monetary policy" (test where you try to fake others that you are economist who understands prevailing monetary theory and defends the policy). For example, to know how economists think about general equilibrium theory of credit. There is huge knowledge cap between economists and policy makers and journalists and population. Who here in HN thinks they could pass the test If I were to administer one? For example questions related to macro- and microeconomic determinants of the demand for money, Baumol–Tobin transactions demand for money, portfolio selection, demand function stability, quantity theory, general equilibrium framework for money, yield curve, interest parity, AA–DD paradigm, etc. I feel that at least I know enough economics to know that I don't have simple technical solution (bitcoin, gold, what have you). Yes, but you should expect that economists who differ understand the rationale behind different approaches. At least everyone should have understanding of classical form of monetarism before they start to depart from it. >utility is an ordinal quantity, not a cardinal one. Rational choice theory assumes only complete partial ordering, transitivity and that irrelevant alternatives are independent. If preferences have continuous representation, utility function can be continuous, otherwise they are not (but can sometimes be modeled as continuous), >It assumes utility exists and humans behave accordingly. I think you are implicitly adding too much meaning into economic definitions of preference and utility. Economic definition of utility and preference assume very little. As long as people are forced to make decisions where they select one option over other you can infer underlying utilities.