Yeah you're not alone there, the stupid idea that windows now needs to be fully tablet capable without a keyboard to the detriment of everyone else using it normally. Literally making the interface less informative and adding clicks, waiting and gestures to achieve actions that should've been a single point and click. I call it the "BIG BATAN" ideology, as everything needs to be a clean oversized button without any extra options or functionality. Stupid mobile OS features creeping into desktop for no good reason. I swear if MS eventually removes the don't group fallback I'm finally ditching Win for KDE and never coming back. Everyone asks how to build a search engine with Ruby on Rails, but nobody asks why build a search engine with Ruby on Rails... The real question: is it really mightier than the SWORD So it just needs subsidies to be economical then. I suppose this is a bad time to mention that commercial airlines would all have to close down years ago if it wasn't for the tax free fuel they get to use. If something's useful enough we can make it happen regardless. Manatee farms when? There was this Veratasium video recently about this very thing, apparently boredom is indeed crucial for creativity. So in a sense, cultured people like cultured meat. That's fantastic, someone ought to integrate this with Mycroft, stat. Yeah, besides Tesla has been collecting data for like a decade now, I'm sure they have enough of it to make a robust enough system for the US at large, especially with their Dojo training chip. At the end of the day it just needs to be better than the average human, and that's frankly not the highest bar unfortunately. To be frank, the lane keeping ADAS has been out for years and most car manufacturers offer such a thing on their high end models. Usually radar supported and pretty reliable from what I hear. Perhaps it's not the best idea to use these more advanced Level 4 systems in the densest city yet, but most of driving does usually happen on highways and regional roads so it's not a major loss. I'm sure someone will eventually figure out how to detect "eyyy im walkin eer" and honk back automatically, and then it should be usable in NY as well. > versions of AI that are hidden from the public both private and military I do think you overestimate how much the military has its shit together. These systems need gigantic amounts of driving data to train and nobody else has that aside from car manufacturers with their fleets. And out of those Tesla is the one that's been doing it the longest. Yeah the majority of the pushback probably comes from people over expecting what the system should do from overzealous marketing, but the tech is slowly getting there regardless. Whoever says the software flat out doesn't perform either hasn't been keeping up with development or has other motives. Tell me the difference between fraud and hype and I'll have the games industry arrested. I'm not happy with human drivers doing that either, but it does seem to happen. And that is after all the real life benchmark. Or perhaps.. aspergers? Which Elon does have. Yall are placing way too much emphasis on an outburst of an autist with a medical disorder. Or get this, we could walk and never get into a car crash! Well I do think it's very possible if not certain that they have unusually advanced systems that have been kept secret, but I would expect them to be in the areas they actually have data for. As in security cameras, finances, cell tower data, etc. Facial and gait recognition, location tracking, etc. far beyond anything commercially available. But I'd doubt they have an AGI behind closed doors :P Meanwhile Python: "Yeah if you could rewrite your entire codebase every few years because of some changes nobody fuckin asked for, yeah that would be great. Oh and by the way, we're dropping support for non-latest versions of the language lmao." Always ask string return questions, got it. He's right though, there are lots of articles being written by bots even in print these days, not being able to tell the difference between a somewhat bad writer and a bot is what makes them viable. And the tech just keeps getting better every day. Same goes for cars, it's not a thing until it is. Looking forward to that Mad Max sequel. "Where is your god now?" "Right behind you." Just stick a Starlink antenna on it, dummies. /s But how do they pay the gas fees? :P American Express Ireland: chuckles "I'm in danger" This is literally their entire economy lmao. These absurd speeds result in a significant amount of aerodynamic heating, so assuming the booster is simply not shielded much it'll likely disintegrate in seconds after being detached and no longer in the missile's shadow. Well it's widely known that Dr. Evil outsourced his sharks with laser beams to IBM, that makes sense to me. The thing about decentralized things though... they tend to be nigh impossible to effectively ban. People still have journalistic integrity these days? Now that's a real joke. When has the will of the people ever effected what politicians do? Well given how absurdly big the difference is, and the main thing he did was render on demand instead of 7000fps I think he has a good reason to be condescending and they totally deserve it for wasting millions of people's time with this shit. You call for a referendum, and block all Murdoch media for a few months before it. > In 2016–17, foreign firms paid 80% of Irish corporate tax, employed 25% of the Irish labour force (paid 50% of Irish salary tax), and created 57% of Irish OECD non-farm value-add. As of 2017, 25 of the top 50 Irish firms were U.S.–controlled businesses, representing 70% of the revenue of the top 50 Irish firms. (Wikipedia) Are you sure about that? If the EU enforces what they preach and Ireland loses its tax haven state they could lose a huge chunk of their GDP. Well it sure is the place to find out for sure. They've already disrupted facebook, run! Siri can't start an outdoor walk, silly. She doesn't have legs. Well I've been thoroughly nerd sniped by that game, so much for a productive Tuesday. IPv9 is where it's at. > $6.9 million in emotional damages Elon probably saw that number and was like "nice". Yeah now it's just a matter of time till someone makes a dock for it that isn't 1 square mile in area: https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/compute-module-4-io-boa... . Doesn't sound like this kind of complicated string eval would be able to do 1000Hz but then again I also have no clue where you could possibly need that for a snake game. On an oscilloscope you'd need to produce vector lines to move from/to right? Also when it comes to video game addiction it's always just psychological addiction, not actual physical addiction. Often correlated with stress or boredom, and when that's removed it's usually not too hard to adjust back from what I've seen. HAHA WHAT DO YOU MEAN, FELLOW HUMAN? Leo: "If you take a cookie I will be forced to add one full day to your sentence." Probably can't start in Netscape Navigator either, the audacity. To be fair, they were using extremely hard water so the lead quickly accumulated a layer of calcium carbonate which made them mostly safe to use. Well the why makes it far easier to make the process repeatable, so yes it matter a lot. I think the wrong assumption here is that we humans are completely fine with teflon overheating on the other hand. PFAS chemicals released really do mess with just about everything and anything in our body, the results just aren't seen on short time scales. We really should be taking steps towards a worldwide ban of this yet another asbestos-ass miracle material which sounds too good to be true because well, it is. Can we get one supplement pill that merges all of those that need to be consumed? Kthx. An annual production of 600 GWh worth of batteries, that will be mostly used in vehicles. For reference, annual EU power production is roughly 2778000 GWh, it's a drop in an ocean. Li-Ions are frankly a terrible solution for grid storage, pumped hydro is the only thing that makes sense on these scales. So we can all look forward to a reboot of space cadet on Windows 11 with lootboxes and microtransactions? Any search engine except google itself is a joke site at this point, there's no way for any company to reach that level of collected data and subsequently extracted heuristics. They have a huge head start and will just collect more in the time a new company will take to get to the same level. Looked up "javascript" and it found a total of like 4 results in my entire country. I think this thing needs some time to get meaningful data before it becomes useful. It's like a search engine without anything indexed yet. Fuck yeah, IKEA reactors for the win! > No one wants to try nuclear for reals because people are frightened of it and world governments don't have an economic interest in building more nuclear Well it's also worth noting that it's become like that because of the oil lobby's decades of scaremongering and the oversupply of natural gas which makes those plants the most profitable choice. But still it's mostly a NIMBY problem. If smaller, mass produced, gen 4 reactors could be set up in some uninhabited areas we'd basically solve all that. It's not the first and likely not the last, regardless of what draconian measures they implement. It's a high profile job and the danger comes with it. If you're the one writing laws for everyone to follow, it's highly likely that many people will want you dead. It's a "fun" fact that US presidents have a nearly 20% death rate for example. Eh, there's a difference between giving okay results and the ones you need in every possible case. Kind of how it's easy to make a robot that works 80% of the time for some task but the 99.999% of the time is the challenging bit. Which effectively means you have to go open google when the thing won't give you what you need after a few failed searches and some wasted time. Like Yahoo and Bing may be alright, with their aggregators like DDG giving even slightly better results, but it still falls short of the big G. You can be good, but you will never be better. Yeah I think with natural causes it's 18.something percent. Practice makes perfect haha From what I gather it was just a radiation caused software glitch that momentarily shut it down. > Integral has since remained under control, and from 27 September all systems are back online. Since 1 October, after an extended checkout, its instruments are back observing the high energy Universe. Seems like they're back in shape. As a comparison the Kepler telescope had 4 wheels, of which 2 eventually completely failed and they managed to get it into a neutrally stable orientation that could be managed with just the two and some thruster assistance. Until RCS ran out that is. 3 are generally the minimum you'd need to orient yourself in 3 axis, as one might expect. It took them way too long to switch over from the initial "sell electrics only to a niche crowd that wants to be unique", leading to absolutely ugly cars like the BMW i3 and whatever Citroen calls their abominations. Check the top selling electric car list and it's all normal looking cars with electric drivetrains. It wasn't just the production that messed up, but also the design and marketing department. > not having the same agility More like for not being able to port their cobol-ass running UI for anything but the one target chip it was developed for lmao. Yeah to those still adamant about it, if you've ever used a: - function call - if sentence - any kind of loop You've used a GOTO under the hood. I hope you can live with yourself, you monster :) At least that's what they tell us the design was for. Calls on puts you say? Isn't it more like Ireland, Dublin specifically? Rust is like the graphene of programming languages. So many articles of people doing something profound with it, it is supposedly better than all the rest in every way, but it still can't leave the "lab". Has anyone actually replaced one of the major ones (i.e. Java, C++, Node, C#) in a large production project with it yet? What's holding people back? Damn, they tagged half of all github users for review. Or they only let you turn off tracking for google products, because those track you internally anyway and it makes no difference, while there's no way to turn off 3rd party tracking... I'm sure a global effort will increase the offensively small fine to a medium sized fine. Google: "This is fine." They print money at an astonishing rate with AdSense. It would sure be helpful if they took some effort to focus less on adding crazy new stuff every 2 days and instead on maintaining older versions for a change. Maintaining a python dependant system these days is an absolute nightmare, at least with C++ you know that new compilers will be backwards compatible, gah. Until your LTS OS gets to end of life and you need to switch to the next one which conveniently deprecates old python versions so you have to rewrite everything. I think the medical data example is interesting. Right now where I live medical records are kept in physical cardboard form only in the name of patient confidentiality. So in effect if you go to a new doctor, or get into the ER unconscious they'll have no on-hand data on who you are, what are your allergies or pre-existing conditions. They might actually accidentally kill you over privacy ideals. "It's not face recognition, it's a gait and hair identification system! We're breaking no laws..." Well if you're using ROS, you get to choose between the two extremes of C++ or Python. It would be great if everything was in C++ to be sure, but ain't nobody got time for that, especially not the cheap results-quickly company I work at. I am Jack's complete lack of surprise coughs up Tatooine sand I don't know what you mean. Also don't walk rhythmically, it attracts Krayt dragons. Though SW does present itself in a more fun and relaxed manner, I'm sure Dune would take itself more seriously if it were possible, but it probably actually isn't by the laws of physics. So the trick is to first learn all the world's languages, and then go read it? > An essential fact of the Dune universe — but one that goes unmentioned in the movie — is that there are no computers. Around 10,000 years before the events of Dune, a mass galactic revolt — the Butlerian Jihad — against “thinking machines” ended in a new commandment, adopted by the universe’s many religious sects: “Man may not be replaced.” That part is very interesting, I wonder why it wasn't ever mentioned. It explains SO MANY things. I was mostly kidding, I also speak English as a second language. It's just the mild gripe that using foreign words as made up words that aren't made up words is a workaround hack for this issue https://xkcd.com/483 Like the characters in a fictional sci-fi story 20k years in the future obviously aren't speaking the language you're reading the story in. It just feels like bad translation. Yep, that's mostly what I'm talking about as you said with Nightfall. It's often unnecessary for its own sake imo. It's true that Dune is based on that, but languages don't really stay the same. Middle English from 500 years ago is barely readable today. Latin was transformed into French, Spanish, Italian, etc. in a mere 2000 years. None of us can really imagine what would happen in 10 times the timespan, especially with cultures living very separated on different planets which would lead to different dialects and eventually completely separate languages over time. It would still be rooted in the same principle, so the languages wouldn't be completely alien but they sure wouldn't be possible to understand for someone living today. And you could make the same case for other inventions. Hammers in 1860 looked like hammers. In 1880? Same thing. In 1900? Same old hammers. 1920? 2020? Yep you guessed it, still a hammer. Some things are invented and then perfected to a point where you can't really improve them much in a cost effective way. That doesn't mean that new stuff isn't being discovered and worked on at the same or faster rate. I think you're making a flawed extrapolation here, because the space race and the cold war overly inflated the pace of progress in space at the time. With the meagre funding that has remained since the end of that there has been pretty good progress so far. Well blender just did that exact thing going from 2.7 to 2.8 recently, although it was at least somewhat justified. But now that they've reworked it it doesn't make sense to do it again any time soon. Well that's stock on both Debian and Ubuntu still, right? It's more of a question why they haven't replaced it either. > The (sadly all too) common approach to rarely occurring bugs & edge cases: Pretend like the problem doesn't exist. Blame it on faulty networking, solar flares, etc. How to tell if someone hasn't been working with a piece of software in production yet? They've never blamed a bug on cosmic radiation yet :D And they probably still are, along with the rest of the models. Assuming you're actually the one driving them that is, and not a broken ass camera. I think he's referring to the naive idea that stock prices in general are somehow influenced by what a company is doing and are not pure speculation. I think that's partially how the education edition is supposed to be used, but I've never actually seen it happen. I've never seen people social engineer codebase maintainers into patching them an exploit into it, that was absolutely brilliant. Maybe someone can make the backend run on a blockchain and it's settled. It's still a pretty shit system. A good system would have more than 2 people and instant runoff. And I assume those 2,609 were then charged and went to prison right? Right? Ah who am I kidding. Well running as a republican would mean he's a member of and supports the republican party, is that not how that works? Otherwise one would run as an independent. If you associate yourself with a group that's known to be scum then that will reflect badly on you regardless of your actual character. I think it's more like $276/month, according to: https://www.cryptocompare.com/mining/calculator/eth?HashingP... Sure, a wide tent with many people that seem to be fine with an insurrection, gerrymandering and throwing democracy under the bus every possible chance given. It's not a race you're born into, it's a centralized entity you can chose to be a part of. I'm sorry, after the recent few years they've lost all remaining credibility. And quite the opposite, it reinforces the idea that they don't need to remember it so they never will. Like twitch's unexpected open source offsite code backup. Name two things that go better together, Python devs and breaking shit that has no reason to be broken. There are, of course, various export limitations on that technology. That won't scale. If you make this change, I will fork the code. Well I specifically can tell you every meeting and assigned task, but that's because the meetings are at standard hours and I work on larger open ended projects. I was also absolutely terrible at remembering what's for homework and when the school exams are... so I learned to write it all down in a notebook so I didn't miss anything. No fancy parent control required. That was basically standard practice ingrained from first grade onwards. Not from the US, my country already has a multiple party system. > The ocean current that brings heat from the tropics is weakening. Without it, the UK would have a climate like Siberia’s This part's actually not quite right, there was a Science paper a few months ago that simulated various events and proposed that it's more likely that the ocean itself only contributes a few degrees to the temperatures, and that it's the atmosphere movements that cause the bulk of actual heating. Still it's impossible to say what the gulf stream's dissipation will lead to and the results could still be rather catastrophic, but that statement is pretty far off reality. Some estimate that ironically, its shutdown may help with the reduction of heat waves in the summer, and Europe is a lot more infrastructurally prepared for extreme cold than extreme heat. Aside from that, it's good to see that the unsaid thing is being said out loud more and more in recent months. I have serious doubts anything can be done in this regard though, capitalism or not. All major economic/political systems seem to hinge on an ever growing economy and as such cannot go on perpetually in a closed system. The "economic growth at all costs" mindset is so ingrained in our society that there's no stopping it at this point, even if it means our extinction. The usability of KDE aside, it's not exactly the most lightweight interface. While a VM on my system can run GNOME without issues, a KDE one starts showing signs of slowdowns. Both are easily beaten by LXDE though, as crap as it is otherwise. Given that they're doing it in Rust one'd hope that the end result could be both very usable and fast at the same time, but only time will tell. Tbh I've never heard of it, but it looks kinda cool. Interesting, my Kubuntu VM uses like 1G when idle running nothing. Not sure how much of that is plasma, but it can't be a negligible amount. There is the issue that any state that had an even slight communist alignment was either completely blockaded by the west or did not qualify for loans or trade so none of them are a good case study of how it would work normally. As for the USSR + satelites they were doing 5 year plans to boost the economy as much as possible to counter the US, so no sustainable growthless economy there either. It's possible that it could be done so in theory, but then again so it is for capitalism. Both are plans that don't survive contact with reality. > most recently NVIDIA and Microsoft teamed up to create the 530 billion parameter model Megatron-Turing NLG Get it, cause it's a generative transformer? Hah That sounds like BERT alright. I put in a request months ago, I think they're not approving people anymore. The only thing open in OpenAI is your wallet. This is a problem during lectures. If you ask immediately you may end up looking entirely stupid, but if you spend a few minutes thinking about it the topic already moves from it so you can no longer ask lol. The grind is absolutely not the appeal, but the other cool stuff outweighs it. > Devair Ferreira himself survived despite receiving 7 Gy of radiation. He died in 1994 of cirrhosis aggravated by depression and binge drinking. I'd be binge drinking too if some invisible dust killed my entire family. You'd need the gyro for that, more like. If you try making your curiosity a bit more military related I'm sure you'll find something pretty quick haha. Yeah especially with something like the Pi, you could effectively double the core count by slapping another chip on the other side and add another heatsink. > Company keeping market leading advances secret brings in loads of money. More at 11. I'm sure exactly nobody is surprised. Open source is the antithesis of profitability, as such not being open source equals vast amounts of money, on average. RF would stand for radio frequency I guess, so I suppose it's the wifi module or something. They're a company that's showed nothing so far and claims to know how to do something that's apparently eluded a dozen other fusion power projects with quite literally 1000 times more funding. The likes of ITER and Wendelstein, or the NIF. Helion's only got about 80M of venture investments, which in the field of energy innovation is basically chump change. I mean call me a sceptic, but I have a feeling they may not be able to completely deliver on their promise hah. What would the world be like without the media scaremongering every headline eh? Shame we'll never find out. If they had something substantial it would make sense to patent it, instead of keeping it hidden and the potential for it to be stolen as an option. Either the principle their reactor will work on isn't conceptually done yet or they're being seriously irresponsible with their achievements. Well I sure hope that ends up being the case, but unfortunately history is also teeming with startups promising the world, getting funding and then collapsing while getting nothing done. An elephant the soize of a tangerine. The Burmans had been throwing them away. Well that's just utterly overcomplicated and overengineered. No way they could produce that at scale for dirt cheap for underdeveloped remote areas, which is what this sort of thing would be the best application for. Compared to this project that's essentially a few rings and a bike transmission. Doesn't seem to behave out of the ordinary on Chrome for me, are you on Firefox? As a non-user I only have negative feelings towards Wolt myself. They have their fleet of underpaid cyclists with gigantic boxes darting around the town at full speed without regard for traffic or anything else. The system where they get paid more the faster they go doesn't seem super healthy and one of them's gonna get killed by a car sooner or later. On the contrary, most of the city has pretty good bike lanes set up. It's just that they don't get enough time to do the commute safely, or at least safety is gravely disincentivized with extra pay. Total verrückt They really should've done it https://xkcd.com/1361 Apparently it's funny to him. Then they get fired instead, well done ha. Well it really depends on how far you push the definition. There are inherent properties that can be discovered, but the way they're calculated and described is purely arbitrary. You need to get the same result of an area of a circle in the end, but how you get there is invented. Far more feasible and evident for complex stuff than the basics of course. As shown in the video, the depressed quadratic was basically solved by 3 people in 3 different ways, with today's description and definition being different from that too. Well reaching net zero effective emissions would be a good start at least, we're not even close to that yet right now. Docker can run Win 2000, but older versions of Win 10 can't run Docker. There must be some irony here. I'm sure the first one they'll put out will be capable of 5400 rpm haha. That does not fly in the way I initially presumed it does. A red hearing. This is mostly why I've stopped buying anything but Nvidia GPUs years ago, in 99% of software people just support CUDA and call it a day it seems. The real propeller was the friends we made along the way > the game was running at 34.5 fps It can run Doom at 35 fps, but can't stream a good bluetooth signal to headphones more than 5 m away smh. Well he's CTO of Oculus these days, representing the worst business practices the VR industry has to offer. So he can't possibly not be full of shit. I was under the assumption that BLE chips have regular BL support as well as a fallback for when you actually want to use the thing for something productive. Is that not the case or are most phone manufacturers just lying while putting two chips on devices? Like if a chip supports Bluetooth 5.1 that should include both, no? Name two things that go better together: Firefox and not implementing standard APIs properly. Probably "Chrome" and "stealing data" I guess. Yet another thing on the cancerogenic pile sigh At some point you have to ask yourself if everything but water gives us cancer. But if my veins aren't lead lined, what will protect me from banana radiation? Well that's the most horrifying sentence I've read in the past few months. Well the article was about palm acid, not palm oil. But if we had secret courts, how would we know about them? They're secret. I take it the whole corona thing happened because you got the flu sometime at the end of 2019? We need it yesterday. Get someone on this, stat. It makes for a much slower experience more like, assuming the other hardware isn't up to spec. Which it definitely isn't, it being a laptop. So what is this thing actually based on? Can it run say Debian/Ubuntu packages? Running an obscure distro is usually more pain than it's worth, even for something like Raspbian. > going for the tech nerd privacy conscious crowd Which is kind of stupid frankly, most of those will rather install themselves something custom. Debian is legendary for being the most widely used Linux distro, and as such it has the most support. And that is probably the most important thing, but security is not one of its strengths. I hate to be the tiktok pokerface simple solution meme guy, but that's a solvable issue by just adding a RTC module, no complex internet garbage required. It could also just be the lack of longevity engineering that lets people design products that will last a very specific time period to save costs. Back then you just had to eyeball it and usually it meant leaning on the durable side to be safe. > turn the lights on when the power's out Well I go start up my backup nuclear reactor in the basement of course. This isn't a glass bottle you return next week, if you buy the panels they'll last you 30 or 40 years. At that point it's completely likely that the company will no longer exist when you go back for your deposit lmao. Organizations that will be shut down the next time the opposing political party comes into power? Don't make me laugh. Believe it or not, straight to jail. Chrome works in 1080p, but has a 1 in something chance of crashing your graphics driver for some reason. After I had to force restart my pc from a black screen for the 3rd time I eventually moved the the desktop app which doesn't have those problems. Computer science is overrated. Computer engineering on the other hand... much more practical ;) jazz hands I'm getting paid €35k here, for a robotics position that's more senior than junior at this point. Germany, Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark tend to have slightly higher wages but the rest of us get paid jack shit. In the US you could pull in $100k or $120k easily. But then you'd have to live in the US, which is a major downside to be sure. There are some pretty successful startups like Wolt recently, but they inevitably get bought out and taken over by american captial. So there is nothing because as soon as it becomes something it's no longer ours lmao. Pretty much. If you ask me, the word computer scientist mostly applies to people in academia, and those spend most of their time teaching the same thing every year, or trying to get their papers accepted, and fighting workplace politics instead of doing something practical. Knowing what something is isn't science, it's just being educated. Figuring out a new type of semiconductor or new sorting algorithm is science, and even that sometimes isn't. Something that I threw together one night that hasn't been peer reviewed isn't science, it's just engineering. Obligatory SMBC: https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2011-02-17 Eh it's not that hard, there's just a lot of aspects to work on so you have to work on it consistently. Maybe try a game jam sometime, like Ludum Dare and the sort. Some people seems to find audiobooks and podcasts fantastic, but I think it's somewhat correlated with your multitasking capability. If I go on a walk listening to a podcast or have it on in the background while working on something else I absorb only like 5% of it because I can't focus on it. As such it's useless for me unless I literally lay back in bed and listen to it. At that point I might as well just read something. Your link seems to be broken? And it's not just German either. If you take the word 175 for example: German: einhundertfünfundsiebzig (one hundred five and seventy) Slovenian: sto petinsedemdeset (one hundred five and seventy) Which is weird when you look at all the other neighbouring languages: Polish: sto siedemdziesiąt pięć (one hundred seventy five) Czech: sto sedmdesát pět (one hundred seventy five) Slovak: sto sedemdesiat päť (one hundred seventy five) Hungarian: száz hetven öt (one hundred seventy five) Italian: centosettantacinque (one hundred seventy five) Croatian: sto sedamdeset pet (one hundred seventy five) Serbian: same as Croatian but in cirilic You get the idea. Given that, I'm holding you Germans responsible for our also stupid number system. Sincerely, a Slovenian. Ah yep, seems like there is actually one more: Danish: hundrede femoghalvfjerds (hundred five and seventy) And the rest I've checked now: Romanian: o sută șaptezeci și cinci (hundred seventy five) French: cent soixante quinze (hundred sixty fifteen) Swedish: hundra sjuttiofem (hundred seventy five) Finnish: sata seitsemänkymmentäviisi (hundred seventy five) Norweigan: hundre og syttifem (hundred seventy five) Spanish: ciento setenta y cinco (hundred seventy five) Ah right I remember hearing somewhere that you guys don't have words for 70, 80, and 90 and do this odd sum of two thing. I suppose there are worse ways than the reverse German :D My god. It's linear! Yeah LaTeX needs some actually useful error messages first before it can be considered for something that people use widely. It's crash logs are even less useful than C++ and that's saying something. You basically have to do guesswork to figure out what might be wrong if the damn thing won't compile. My BSc thesis wasn't the first thing I wrote in it, but it likely will be the last one. The idea is good, the execution is a resounding meh. I swear I am never clicking on any blackbird post on any forum or social network again, because this stupid shit is ALWAYS the top comment. This is the material supply equivalent of a crypto coin that has 50% of its market cap in one wallet. If I had a dollar for every pixel I see in twitter videos I'd have two dollars which isn't a lot but it's weird that they still somehow call them videos. And I sure hope they didn't download and install their OS from a premade image too, you really can't trust canonical and the rest of those gangs these days! So what's stopping them? I'm not sure if you're the guy to ask, but I'm sure you're aware of the continuing acidification of the oceans via CO2 absorption. From what I've heard it's highly unpredictable as to how it will actually affect ecosystems, but supposedly some molluscs are already having reproductive issues as their shells tend to dissolve at some point in the growing cycle. The predictions I've read point to a likely oceanic food chain collapse in 15-25 years, not to mention the decrease in fertility that fish seem to be experiencing from higher temperatures. Is that roughly correct? It's true, there is some absorption: https://www.eea.europa.eu/ims/ocean-acidification and it's gonna make the situation so much worse it's hard to even imagine right now. > hashbang Maybe it's just me but those always seem vastly gratuitous. Like shouldn't the engine figure that out automatically? It's like half its job. Damn I have been doing this exact thing to get "more organic" results in recent months and didn't even think about it, but it's pretty obvious now that there has been some major exclusion when it comes to results. Yeah well I don't see Firefox supporting it either, with their usual practice of not even supporting what Chrome bothers to do. It should detect if a query is very likely to be something that appears on say stackoverflow and then offer it as a first search result. Does doing the hashbangs actually throw you directly onto the site? I'd assumed it just restricted results to that site. The Pi generally has pretty atrocious power management, with linear regulators and no option to sleep or save power in any way aside from turning off stuff like USB controllers. It would probably cost them like $2 in parts to add switch mode power supplies and they'd reduce power consumption by at least half if not more. But no we can't afford a few dollars worth' of parts on an $80 product to improve quality of life significantly lmao. Imagine all the battery powered applications where this would be a night and day difference. > Moth Minds is a platform that makes it extremely easy for anyone to start their own grants program. Where is it? More like will be. Hmm seems like you're right and they have in fact improved, and with synchronous ones no less which should be really up there in efficiency. Then it really is a mystery why the Pi is still so energy inefficient when compared to other ARMs of similar capability. Maybe it's just me, but we all place an awful lot of trust giving vendors essentially all credit card details possible AND where we live so that they're capable of skimming a self defined sum off by themselves. It's like an inherently insane system. We're supposed to be the one wiring the cash, not the vendor themselves with our data. That's a pretty good point actually, cash worked perfectly fine without this feature for centuries. > Fixing your old legacy software takes time, but probably less time than starting over from scratch. Is it though? The current system is the equivalent of some old unmaintainable shit written in COBOL by a guy who quit after 30 years while making the codebase as terrible as possible to maintain job security. I'm pretty sure anything running on the mainnet these days will be 10x more expensive than a classic centralized option just with gas fees and is as such completely useless. Interesting, I just got more depressed every time. Also "at least we're not in WW3, life is good!" is such a crap argument I can't even. A guy writes a blog post on important issues to focus on and what this guy comes up with is: "shut up, be happy". If you keep complaining about the lack of water though a pipeline will eventually be built. Most smartphones draw roughly one third of the power of an idling Pi at max load (without counting the screen draw), that's what I'm comparing against. I'd check some benchmarks, but the gap in consumption is so hilariously large I don't quite see the point. Something like 6W for the Pi 4 and 2W for the average flagship smartphone chipset, both under max load if I recall right. Some of them even have double the core count.