To me, those aren't really signs of growth, other than being able to take a punch. 1. Writing a professional product, from scratch to completion, by yourself or as a team lead, while doing every aspect of the project: BA, PM, design, architecture, server install, data model (if applicable), code, comments, documentation, QA, deployment, support. 2. Pick up a complete mess that someone else wrote, who is no longer available. Read it, really understand it, and be able to refactor it into something worth while. As stated, most of the things the OP listed are really just academic and he should have done those in school, as they have been done as nausium. Rarely do you need to do those anymore. That's unsettling. When I earned my MIS degree (with a bunch of CS courses) in 1997, you had the opportunity to get a great education, but you also had an opportunity to coast by. Back then, everything was done in "teams." You had people who took the bull by the horns, and you had people who were trying not to drown. C's get degrees, as we used to say. Now, learning people with MS in CS have the same issues is what's really jarring. There were so many weed-out courses in BS CS, I couldn't imagine someone getting as far as a MS CS without knowing the basics. Having said that, I earned most of my chops on "the street," with a great mentor many years ago. We really challenged each other want wanted to show each other how smart we were. Good times. Do you know where they got their degree? ITT Tech or something? I assuming you mean writing all the business logic in stored procs and functions. Every time I've seen this, it ended up horribly. I use the database for storage and data validation only. I write a middle tier for the business logic, and of course the front end layer. I'm not saying it can't been done well, but it poses enough problems that are difficult to avoid, like calling an external web service inside a stored procedure, and the general mess of maintaining a bunch of chained stored procedures, functions. It also guarantees vendor lock-in. >Except now I have to jump through hoops with HR (let's just assume they'd be OK with this, which they almost certainly won't), get the contract in place, work with IT to get your environment set up, and bring you up to speed (so really I may get one full day of actual work)... just to realize that I don't want to hire you. There are two major reveals in that sentence. One, HR rules your hiring practice and therefore you and your department, and you just advise them. Two, your company is so soul-suckingly bureaucratic, I couldn't imagine a good, creative, problem solving developer would ever want to work there. Both are red flags. Hah. I was thinking that too. While I was reading the article, I was thinking about how I would do it. Then I read the wall of text that was the ideal solutions and thought, "wow, what the hell are coders doing these days?" No they aren't. They are a diagram of a process. Code is the instructions used to implement that process. You shouldn't be so smug either. Look up the prefix pseudo. "supposed or purporting to be but not really so; false; not genuine." Another definition, "not genuine; sham." Pseudocode is not computer code as to your assertion. I think you are basing your argument that anything written down that can be turned into code is pseudocode. That is also not correct. Pseudocode has a very specific definition. Here is one: "Pseudocode is an informal high-level description of the operating principle of a computer program or other algorithm. It uses the structural conventions of a normal programming language, but is intended for human reading rather than machine reading." Flow charts do not use the structural conventions of normal programming languages, they use shapes and text. If you are writing pseudocode (the actual definition, not your made up one) every day, you are wasting everyone on your team's time. If you are drawing diagrams every day on a whiteboard, you are still probably wasting everyone's time. Ok, so I guess by your omission, you agree that pseudocode is not code and flow charts are also not pseudocode. I don't care about the rest, you can whiteboard all you want. We analyze the problem, then solve it in our heads, usually by the time we've finished talking about it. White boarding just seems way over the top, especially if it takes more than one person to solve a problem every day. Sounds like development by committee. What's 2+2? Lets go to the whiteboard! Out of curiosity, what industry are you in and stack do you use? Pseudocode has a definition, you can't just make one up in an attempt to not look foolish. No, automation with AI. DSS mostly. Stacks aren't just for web. I guess if you are unwilling to share your stack or any information other than the fact that you write stuff on paper and don't know what pseudocode is, then we don't have much to discuss, and you haven't really made any convincing arguments to your "superior" coding methods. I've seen enough BS in my 20 years to recognize yours. You have a strange view of reality, my friend. Let it go, you're wrong. It's obvious that you know you're wrong, otherwise you would argue your position rather than throwing personal insults and a hissy fit. Pseudocode is not code. Flowcharts are not pseudocode. You also didn't describe your stack. I just see some fresh meat who desperately wants people to take him seriously, but he has a hard time with it because he's kinda childish, very defensive, and can't argue his point. Anyway, this discussion is counterproductive, so I'm going to stop reading after this one. That's called a natural key and I only use it for logins in user tables. I haven't found anything else that doesn't break down. I've stored images both ways and both have their issues. To declare one is superior over others in all circumstances as the OP did is short sighted. The one thing I would recommend is once you pick one, stick to it for consistency's sake. I agree with database first. It's the essence of your application, meaning hypothetically, if you were to strip away all your UI and business logic, and all your users were experts at SQL and never made a mistake, the database is all you would have left. Furthermore, a database mistake, once built on, will stay with your organization for life, only removable by a lot of pain. A coding mistake is fairly trivial to recover from. I find it troubling that many self taught programmers don't take the time to learn databases. They aren't even that difficult to master. 3NF, Constraints, Indexes. That covers 90% of it. Everyone thinks they're making Google. You are close minded. Instead of insulting people who dare to criticize your silly interview, maybe you should listen to them. Another red flag. You seem to think you are in a buyer's market. What does your company offer that is so compelling someone would put up with that silliness? Let me guess, market rates. I hope you at least inform applicants that you expect them to code on a whiteboard so you aren't wasting their time. It's usually over-promoting a skill on your resume. It might not be nefarious or intentional, but it's a communications gap. What you mean by "experience in," and what the manager wants you to mean by "experience in," are two totally different things. Example, if you read a SQL book a couple of years ago, you would say you have experience in SQL. You've forgotten most of it, but you are familiar. If a manager reads that same thing, he or she might think, "Oh, proficient in CRUD queries but not overly complex ones." Manager gives you a quiz on SQL, but since you don't have Google in front of you, you flail because you haven't messed with it in a long time. It's not really lying, it's just a communications gap. I'm not saying there isn't outright misrepresentation of skills, but most of the time it isn't intentional. I think what he is pointing out is that if you don't know the modulus operator, you will fail FizzBuzz. The modulus operator is rarely used and somewhat obscure. The only time I use the modulus operator is when I'm writing something to track what record / rule I'm processing and I only want to show every 10,000th record or so. I can't think of a time I've used it otherwise. What I do is ask them about previous projects. 1. What was your favorite project and why? Explain. 2. What was your least favorite project and why? Explain. I can get a good idea of the person through those two simple questions. I throw a few simple technical questions like: What is a primary key? What is a foreign key? What is inheritance? What's the difference between a function and a procedure (Delphi days). Questions that anyone should be able to answer just by writing code. "So we’re doing this to help you.” ... "with 14 felony counts" In the US, I think having a crippling drug addiction is better than 14 felony counts. What's that? 30 years in prison? Life? No chance of gainful employment for life? Shit paid public defender, or $300,000 to fight it? I thought we were getting more sensible about this stuff? Absurd. Write or email your congressman. It's the only thing that will do any good. It's hard to say. Were there fewer alcoholics during prohibition? Were there more after it was repealed? Was it statistically significant? I'm not sure, but it would be a pretty damn good case study. The problem I have is that the US is so hard headed, they double down whenever something doesn't work rather than reevaluate. The US has been doubling down on the drug war every administration since the 1970s. The solution has been significantly more harmful than the problem since the 80s, and yet they keep doubling down. Sounds like we just doubled down again with painkillers. It's madness. I don't want to drown in minutiae, but at the end of that article, the author is supporting the drug war, so he is using statistics supporting his case. I did a little research and there are of course conflicting views on the effectiveness of Prohibition. "John D. Rockefeller, a teetotaler, observed in 1932, 'drinking has generally increased, the speakeasy has replaced the saloon; a vast army of lawbreakers has been recruited and financed on a colossal scale.'" To avoid a long drawn out argument about which statistics are more likely to be accurate, I'm willing to admit that both conclusions are possible and the actual answer lies somewhere in-between. The first guy estimated 30%, Rockefeller surmised that it increased, so lets go with 15% decrease in drug use because of the drug war. That's even hard to say because the drug war has lasted a lot longer than prohibition. Unfortunately I couldn't quickly find any information about the repeal of prohibition which is more relevant to the topic since we are currently in a prohibition. Anyway, I guess the country needs to decide if 15% increase in drug use is worth the cost of the drug war, so for every 20 current drug users, we'd get 3 more. In exchange, we'd get a lot of money in the treasury, respect for the law, return of our freedoms (maybe), much smaller incarceration rate, greatly weakened gangs and cartels, much less justification for surveillance, and an overall less hellishly scary police state. Unfortunately, the US doesn't debate it rationally in those terms. The problem is it's one sided. The main issue is US employees are fortunate enough to have protections under the law, protections hard fought by unions, literally. Those protections cost money but are sensible, such as safety regulations, child labor laws, the right to not be discriminated against, minimum wage, no harassment, physical violence, etc. When using Indian labor offshore, or any underdeveloped economy really, those protections are mostly gone because India doesn't protect their employees like the US does, which is also unfortunate. Companies also benefit from the US legal system and infrastructure, including the liability protection from corporations, tax breaks, roads, public utilities, police, etc, all which are paid for by taxpayers. Of course, to be fair, US corporations who benefit mostly from foreign labor should move their corporation to the country of their labor. Of course they don't want to do that, because of corruption, subpar legal system, infrastructure, etc. They want it both ways. Protection and benefits from the US government and cheap labor where the labor doesn't have the same protection. It's not just wages US labor is losing. To compete, US labor has to give up all our labor benefits while still paying for corporate benefits through tax dollars. Taxpayers are also on the hook for people who can't find jobs while corporations do nothing but benefit. It's really another wealth transfer from the bottom and middle, up. Besides it's against the spirit of the law. I'm ok with offshoring if US corporations are OK with losing all their tax breaks. I didn't think so. Yes, H1B is a different animal than offshoring as it is much more fair to the worker. Funny that the H1B has much more regulation than offshoring. That's probably why it's more fair. Also, tech workers uses computers and do have free movement by remoting. Managers typically don't allow it. Economically, that's a heck of a lot of power. Anyway, I'm pretty content with the current status of H1B in spirit. This company obviously didn't attempt to find domestic labor before using H1B, so they are in violation of the agreement. I think the employee(s) responsible should stand trial to see if the loopholes are indeed lawful. If not, I think they should be fined or imprisoned, whatever the law allows. I think they should lose all H1B privileges for 2 years and all of their current H1B's should be allowed to move to another US company. Non of that will never happen though. It's only fair, you and I would face trial for shoplifting a $1 candy bar, something paid for by taxpayers that directly benefits corporations through determent, among other things. Absolutely, happens all the time. If a company security team catches you, it's up to the company to press charges, but they can and they do. It includes arrest and trial. Here's an NPR story on it I found with Google. http://www.npr.org/2012/11/15/165218744/busted-what-happens-... Yes, but US labor and citizens fought generations for those wages. Revolutionary War, Civil War, World Wars, company / labor riots, taxes to subsidize industry, taxes for infrastructure, taxes for education, legal systems, all that. US taxpayers paid for our economy through blood and toil. You don't think high wages just happen because companies feel generous do you? I'm not sure what you are trying to say. >Does what your ancestors might have done really make you more deserving of a better life? Look at it this way. I work hard and I pay a lot of taxes. I pay attention to elections and I petition governments because I want an opportunity for a good life for my kids and my kids' kids. I think soldiers who fought in the Civil War certainly wanted a better life for their kids. This has been going on for generations. This generation is the first generation, I think in US history, that isn't expected to have a better life than their parent's generation, excluding possibly the depression. There are more young adults living with their parents since 1880. I'm certainly not anti-immigrant, I think immigrants are the bloodline of the US economy and culture. What I'm against is companies outsourcing labor to other countries to save a little money while excluding US workers for consideration of those jobs. It's the companies I'm dissatisfied with, not the labor. If I was destitute in China or India, I would take those jobs too. It's bad short term planning. Not only is it gutting our market, but China is stealing billions of dollars of our IP for their own use, and that includes military IP. Very few people benefit form this and the cost is great. Had US companies not outsourced and politicians not gutted labor unions, the US market would be much bigger. That's good for big business, small business and labor. Why do you think Trump and Sanders are so popular? There is massive dissatisfaction with opportunity in the US. It's about to bite us in the ass. I think the first programming I did was Turtle Logo, or Apple Logo or whatever it was called. Traditionally it's been Pascal and Basic, but I think those aren't used much anymore. I learned Commodore Basic first then Pascal in High School and CS1 in college. There are two rules of success, one is soft, one is not: 1. Do good work. 2. Don't be an asshole. I just read most of the comments, but I didn't read the article. I was much more interested in the comments. Having said that, if these comments were an audiobook, or a word for word movie script, I'd probably only be through about 5 of them. Words rule! On the other hand, if a picture is worth 1,000 words, a movie must be worth billions! Unfortunately it takes a lot of study of a picture to get 1,000 word out of it. That's a lot of pausing. How about now? The only reason my parents were happy taking me to McDonalds is because I was happy to be at McDonalds. I was the customer, my parents were the employees, and McDonalds was just a facilitator. I have a kid. She loves going to McDonalds. No matter how miserable a person is at work, interacting with a happy and excited kid usually makes them feel, or at least act, a little better. The funny thing is she doesn't even eat the food. I would complain and tell her to eat McDonalds food, then I realized what a bad idea that was. She likes the experience, playground, and the happy meal toys. So, I guess the point is, at McDonalds, when you are a kid, the miserable employees either act or feel less miserable because you're an excited kid. It's kind of a strange exception. Chuck E. Cheese is another example that is similar. Good God, that place is hell on Earth. It is. People came up with the same plan. I believe it was popular with lawyers, but I could be mistaken. Get your degree, file for bankruptcy. Since they can't take your degree away and you have no collateral, there wasn't much they could do. The inability to relieve debt through bankruptcy is a result of that scam. Agreed, but whether or not they manipulate the economy to the benefit of the citizens is another story. The French were the external enemy of the English and subsequently the loyalists in the US. At the time of the Revolutionary War, the French were instrumental in winning it by bombarding English ships en route to the US. At the time of the Revolutionary War, the English were the common enemy of the revolutionaries. It wasn't cut and dry, there were many English loyalists in the colonies at the time of the war. After the US gained independence, most of them fled. >I'm not from USA (or UK) but would love to hear how US and UK people feel about it? I think it sounds like populist grandstanding. We've been hearing that sort of thing for a year now. We (the US) seem to have a lot of people buying into it though. We get to see first hand how stepping back from globalization looks like before we vote for it ourselves come November. I've always wondered what made the C64 so lasting in our memories. My Commodore 64 days were 1986-1990 when I switched to IBM clones. I still hold my C64 days as the "good ole' days," some 26 years later. Perhaps it was because I was young. This is from my personal experience, YMMV. Programs written in Turbo C ran faster than programs written in Turbo Pascal, that's why it lost in the MSDOS world. As an example, WWIV was a very popular BBS in the 80s and early 90s that included source code, so it was popular with a large group of hobbyists. It was originally written in Turbo Pascal but when converted to Turbo C and ran noticeably faster. Other BBSes (Telegard) took WWIV code (allegedly) written in Pascal for their software and they ran slower than the Turbo C version of WWIV. We're talking about 286 4/10Mhz machines with a turbo button, so the difference was noticable. The idea that Turbo C was faster than Turbo Pascal is probably why Pascal lost the MSDOS wars. Visual Basic was marketed better than Delphi, that's why it lost the Windows wars. Delphi was way ahead of it's time. The VCL (the Delphi library) was robust and modern for the TCP/IP stack. There were components for everything. They released a Linux version called Kylix started in the late 90s. Delphi had many features and compiled to machine code, so it was technically superior to VB. It was much faster to develop with than Visual C++ also. Borland got some executives that made some poor branding decisions, like renaming the company to Inprise (??) then naming it back. Once C# gained traction, Delphi slid into obscurity and was purchased by Embarcado. It mainly exists as a tax on companies who haven't migrated to a more common language. I learned Turbo Pascal and Turbo C in middle school by tinkering with BBS code. I was taught CS in High School using Turbo Pascal and again in college. It was a great little language that runs very fast machine code, and served me well. It is very capable for production environments, but I prefer C syntax now a days though. If Pascal prompts a return from web to native, I'd embrace it. Web is significantly more tedious than the RAD tools for native applications it replaced for front end development. Interesting aside, Object Pascal conventions state you should prefix class names with a T (for Type I think). So if are rummaging through an API and you see a lot of types that start with T, you know it was written in a Pascal. Also the legality of abortion (Roe v Wade, 1973) could be a contributing reason. The drop in crime came about 18 - 20 years after abortion was declared a constitutional right. Most crime is caused by teenagers and young adults. What affect started in 1992,1993 that is still happening today? Is it still legal in your country? It was illegal in the US prior to 1973. Great points about the compile speed, I had forgotten. Also, Delphi / Pascal used no header files, which was wonderful. I think 20 years ago, Delphi (Pascal) was far superior to Visual C++. It didn't run noticeably slower but had all the RAD tools for fast development time that VC++ lacked. Too bad Microsoft's juggernaut defeated it with VB. WWIV could have been improved algorithmically between the Pascal and C++ versions, certainly. Also, the fact that the processors of the day were so slow, the difference today would hardly be noticeable unless you ran thousands of iterations and timed them in the code. Regarding: Class Copier { Scanner scanner; Printer printer; function start() { printer.start(); } } --- Placing a Start() in a PoweredDevice base class doesn't make sense in the real world. There are plenty of "powered devices" that don't have start buttons. A phone, a fish tank pump, a smoke alarm, none have a "start." A powered device should have just that, a PowerOn() and PowerOff() or SetPower(bool isOn). I wouldn't even create a PoweredDevice base class unless you have a reason. This is the main fault in your design. Scanner.Start() should return a byte[] which is the result of the scan: byte[] Scanner.Start(); A scanner is an input device. Printer.Start() should take an argument of byte[] as to what it is to print: void Printer.Start(byte[] byteArr); A printer is an output device. Having said that, your Copier class would look like this: Class PoweredDevice { void SetPower(bool isOn) { ... } // Start() doesn't belong here. } Class Copier : PoweredDevice { Scanner scanner; Printer printer; void override SetPower(bool isOn) { printer.SetPower(isOn); scanner.SetPower(isOn); base.SetPower(isOn); } void Start() { byte[] document = scanner.Start(); printer.Start(document); } } This can easily be enhanced to handle copy counts: void Start() { byte[] document = scanner.Start(); for (int x = 0; x Ideally you wouldn't even make an inheritable Start() method. The Scanner class would have a byte[] Scan() method and the Printer class would have a Print(byte[] byteArr) method. You're trying to ram a square peg into a round hole. Use inheritance when it is convenient and makes sense to do so. Don't force it. Think, what does a scanner and a printer have in common that works the same, then put that in your base class. A power button is about it. A lot of inheritance is done backwards. You make your classes then find commonalities and put that in your base class. Only create a base class first if you've thought about your object model and you know the commonalities. Also, there is no reason to make your inheritance chain deep, just because. Build your objects in a way that makes sense. Don't write code or base objects you will never use. You can always insert a class in the chain when necessary. Mastering OOP is hard, and people who have mastered it get paid a lot of money for their skill. It took me a few years to really understand how to design with it. It's invaluable though. A good object model is a thing of beauty, and a hell of a lot of fun to design. Edit: I don't know why the editor won't keep the CR's. Thanks. I felt like Richard in the tab vs. space debate on Silicon Valley. I agree. What I suspect vision founders don't want to hear is that everything that can be done up to this point has already been done. Perhaps not the whole, but the pieces certainly. They don't like this idea because they want to believe their idea is new and groundbreaking. It may very well be, but the pieces aren't. That's where experience comes in. I think he was being sarcastic. I'm nearing 45 and wouldn't want to be 25 again for the world. This is a hammer problem. When all you have is a hammer (arrest) everything is a nail. I think one of the biggest draws to private schools is they typically don't require admissions testing such as SAT, ACT, GMAT, etc. Of course, when you hear "private school," many people think private high schools, which are typically superior to public, particularly in southern US regions. The different is these are "for-profit," which can easily be confused, particularly by someone right out of high school. Finally large marketing expenditures and high pressure sales targeted at people who believe people are required, morally or legally, to be honest. Replace "private" with "for-profit." I conflated the terms a bit. Many people mistake "for-profit" schools for private schools. For profit schools are perfectly fine with the ambiguity. Yes, and I believe many colleges make it intentionally difficult. My Calc I class was given by an instructor with a heavy Asian accent. I had to struggle to understand every other word. My Chemistry for Engineers class was in a large classroom that was under construction. Needless to say, I went for MIS instead of CS/EE. I ended up taking many CS classes, so it worked out well. On a side note, teaching is really difficult. Knowledge of the subject is the minor skill. My parents were teachers and I considered it in college but didn't have the patience. In my experience, automated testing is best on engine / backend type projects while manual testing works best on user facing projects. If the purpose of your code is automation, as in an engine, EDI, etc, automated testing works best. If the purpose of your code is manual user interaction, manual, human testing is best. You can get away with 100% manual testing, but you can't get away with 100% automated testing. YMMV. A few points just for fun: 1. Christianity, the group who builds Cathedrals, is probably the most profitable organization in the history of mankind. 2. Bazaars blow away when the wind picks up. If too many people show up, things start falling down. Cathedrals, and their close cousins, castles, last centuries. 3. I think Bazaars have their place, when you really need to ramp up something to show. We used to call that prototyping. If it gets past that, you gotta build it right eventually. Well, in all fairness, that's a 30+ year old codebase. There have been a lot of fingers in there and a lot of hard deadlines. So why not run it through reporters and if they bury the story, then release it. Snowden ran his story through reporters and it certainly wasn't buried. The media is spinning it and reporting it now. I'm fine with the release, I'm not fine with essentially doxxing all the donors. Also, Assange is currently putting his own spin on it implying the DNC staffer that died was murdered. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. I agree with this. There is no vast media conspiracy. If nothing else, Fox would be all over it, as would the tabloid (most of these days) media. There's no honor among thieves. >I think what you mean is they're implying motive and conspiracy. Yes, thanks for correcting that. Businesses have been doing everything in their power to reduce the cost of programmers. Offshoring, lobbying the H1B system, Agile, get everyone to code initiatives, overly broad non-competes, etc. One day they will get it, but they haven't figured it out yet. Imagine how much programmers would make if they were unionized. I would imagine at least double. I would imagine they have much better social safety nets than in the US. In the US, if you are unable to work, for whatever reason, you are pretty much on your own. I wouldn't think so. Previous unions started one company at a time. If the company has US workers who are willing to unionize, the union has instant power to block or limit many attempts to gut the workforce through offshoring, etc. Yes, you can keep plenty busy with things that don't pay. Art, traveling, gardening, exercising, etc. In fact, most of those things get pushed aside when people work. There is a huge confirmation bias. You only hear about the horror stories, while people who are perfectly fine are afraid to admit so much, because of social stigmas and prejudices. Hell most companies require a drug screening as a condition of employment. People who smoke pot aren't going to come out and mention it at the water cooler for fear of retribution. I was talking with a co-worker about US laws in general and he mentioned something I'd never thought of. Many of the laws we pass, speed limits, alcohol tax, prohibition, .08 legal driving limit, etc are designed for the lowest common denominator. Meaning, we pass laws based on the worst case scenario. It seems like it's illegal to do just about anything these days. It's easy to be happy. Read a book about life in a WWI trench, read a book about a former slave, read a book about the plague. Go visit an old folks home. Read about parents who lost their kids in a tragic accident. Just remembering those things make me realize that I should be happy with what I have. Think of it this way. One day, guaranteed, you will have at least one very serious problem. Be happy that day isn't today. Study history and realize how much worse your life could be, random or not, and be happy you aren't in that hell. An old yet succinct term would be, "count your blessings." You should find things to be thankful for every day. Your health, your family, the fact that you aren't starving. The fact that you have access to clean water. And for Christ's sake, stop consuming news for a while. If you have to worry, pick the top 3 things to worry about and ditch the rest. I did that for many years. It made me better at my craft, at least until the next "big new way of thinking" comes around. I've recently stopped when I've come to the realization how precious time and experiencing good health is. You only have so many days on this earth. Don't sell them all to someone else on the pretense that it makes you be able to sell them all to someone else for a little more money. Compared to most US news, the BBC is a shining star. You should watch some 24 hour US news sometime. Fox News, CNN or MSNBC are designed for the lowest common denominator. Honestly, in the US, you will be destitute unless you are immensely wealthy. Nursing homes cost $100K a year today, imagine what they will cost when it's your time to be in one. Insurance doesn't cover it, neither does Obamacare. If you go the Medicaid route, they will take all your income and assets minus your house and car, assuming they are paid for. It gets depressing fast, enjoy it as much as you can until that day comes. I think there is more to a degree than that, but you make a good point. Now a days, instead of trying to figure out a problem, coders try to figure out which framework has already figured out the problem. It allows for less experienced people to get things done, but limits you to being able to mortar together bricks rather than make bricks. The problem arises when you need to make bricks. You don't necessarily need a CS degree to make bricks, but you need to learn most things taught with a CS degree. I read an article the other day where police placed a bicycle unlocked in a public place, then watched it. Once someone took off with it, they arrested him. Since he didn't plea bargain, the judge gave him 3 years. A couple things: 1. I would think either a fine or a 30 day sentence is more than enough. 2. I think it's bad for society in general for police to actively bait people into committing crimes. 3. That's about $150,000 of taxpayer dollars for a $100 bicycle. 4. Unrelated but important. In the US, it's legal for police to lie to you about your rights, what evidence they have, or anything really. I believe that is bad for society as well. I think a prison sentence on someone's record will make them more likely to repeat the crime. With the criminal record, minimum wage, or close to, are the only options available. Also, it's human nature to believe you won't get caught. If someone thought they were likely to get caught, they wouldn't do it. Thirdly, what makes you think a 3 year sentence would deter someone from doing it any more than a 30 day sentence would? I'm sure the person didn't even realize stealing a bicycle carried a 3 year sentence. For deterrence to work, a person must know the punishment for the crime. Also, the 3 year sentence doesn't fit the crime. At some point, it becomes cruel and unusual. I think locking a person up for 3 years for stealing an unlocked bicycle that the police planted trying to bait someone into stealing it is cruel and certainly unusual. It's also pretty darn close to entrapment. What if police left a penny on the sidewalk and arrested anyone who picked it up and locked them away for 3 years? How much different is that from the scenario I described? How about a quarter? How about a $20? What denomination would make 3 years and arguable entrapment acceptable? Finally, we have a deterrence paradox. If the US houses the largest prison population in the world, why are there people still stealing bicycles? On the other hand, if crime is at an all time low, why are we still locking people up at an increasing rate every year? If it was, why are there so many bike thieves? >What difference then does it make it if is 30 days or 3 years? Because a 3 year gap in your work history is much harder to explain than a 30 day one. Also, when someone runs a background check and sees that a hire was imprisoned for 3 years, they will think the crime was much worse than it was. >Not necessarily, some people who know that with high probability they will get caught still perform crimes; drug addiction can be quite powerful. At a first glance, I would think that substance abuse treatment/improvement in mental health facilities can help here. That's an exception that proves the rule. Drug addiction isn't rational thought. >But in my view, your proposed solution does not do much either to the problem of deterrence. I think prison terms as deterrence is an illusion. Prison terms as punishment which may have a secondary result of future deterrence is more likely. >What if the police simply want to install a tracker, in order to investigate the possibility that the theft is being performed by an organized ring which regularly steals bikes, in which case a 3 year sentence could fit the crime? Standard bikes do not come with trackers; this will require active intervention. You are simply adding complexity to the same immorality. >I fail to see why there should be a blanket "no to entrapment" in the case of police, but continue to allow it for civilians. Police can and do arrest you. There are privacy laws in the US against such things, or at least there were. >I don't have an answer to this. On the other hand, in my view your proposals do not either. As I stated earlier, I don't believe deterrence is the primary reason for sentencing. It's punishment for a crime. >Long before that is the case, there'd be no incentive for the manufacturer to sell the car at all; they'd make more money just pushing the button themselves the minute the car rolled off the assembly line. If they sold a car, they get profit immediately. If they kept the car for their own fleet, it would take longer to earn the same profit and then add additional overhead of maintaining the fleet, the reservation system, refunds, additional litigation, etc. Also, if the market is super saturated, they can sell cars to companies unable to make a profit. The manufacturer still gets the sale even thought the car doesn't realize a profit through a fleet. The smart move would be to sell cars and also keep a fleet. It really depends on how well they could manage the fleet being a car manufacturer. They are quite different businesses and you don't get much overlap, other than the vehicle at cost and perhaps maintenance parts. The even smarter move would be to franchise the fleet so you push off the management and operating costs but increase your sales and take part of the profit for branding, advertising, etc. The fleet would of course cross brand the vehicles. Maybe, depends on what the overhead is and if you sell that car to yourself at cost or not. Fleets could be an ultra low margin business. You also have to take into account inflation. Also, when companies don't "stick to the knitting," they often don't as well as their core business because an SVP of Tesla marketing has different skills than an SVP of Hertz marketing. Certainly a higher risk than just selling a car and taking the profits immediately. A car rental company could do that even better than a car manufacturer. The salaries listed for a senior programmer that gauge how much H1Bs are paid are obnoxiously low. Last time I looked, I was shocked. When the average salaries listed are lower than anyone other than junior programmers, they get H1Bs for cheaper. Also, the companies can hire a person as a front line support and pay them accordingly, but actually have them doing system development or design. Big businesses in the macro sense, seem willing to do anything to cheat the system to drive down costs and subsequently wages. I do think raising the cap will help. You are absolutely right. The people who make those decisions aren't paid for quality, they are paid to cut costs. They will offshore their entire departments, get a huge bonus, then cut and run to do it to the next company before it all comes crashing down. There are success stories, but those success stories of H1B aren't the ones that pay bare minimum. Companies who pay top dollar for H1B get the great ones. The companies who pay bottom dollar get shut down in 5 years. You'd figure after 20+ years of this, executives would learn, but they don't care to. They are incentivized for precisely what they do. We're talking about labor, specifically programming, not cost of materials. It doesn't really work that way. You can hire 1 top notch guy for $200K a year and produce a better product faster than 10 guys at $50,000 a year. You are assuming that developers are cogs. They are not assembly line workers, they are more like authors. Programming is a creative endeavor. The issue is really two fold: 1. Execs think that programmers are cogs and one is just as good as the other. 2. Many companies can't keep good developers because they are hell holes and the culture doesn't even know how to promote creativity. I believe the reason is so they can make them thinner. >If I used them now what if I get flu later in the year? Walk into the head of HR's office and tell them about it. Make sure you become a close talker and linger around a few minutes. Maybe leave a tissue in the trash can. They probably came up with the policy. If you don't get anywhere, go into your boss's office and their boss' office and do the same. Definitely don't go to your peer's office / cube. It's funny, I've been in the industry so long and I usually stay at places 5+ years, so I've been able to skip quite a few trends. When new guys come in, I'll ask about the stuff I've skipped wondering if they are still relevant. Sometimes they are and sometimes I hear things like, "oh, that's so old, this is the new thing." >What is it about the Commodore/AmigaOS brand that is worth resurrecting? Nostalgia, and you can't really resurrect nostalgia. I loved my Commodores when I was growing up, but times have changed. The BBS software that I ran and modded are long gone, the friends I would post with are long gone, the doors would be fun for about 5 minutes. It was great, but it's like meeting a great childhood friend that you haven't seen in 20 years. Most of the time, it's fun to reminisce, but there's nothing new there. We've both changed. The first off the top of my head is over the top DA's and police backed by a general authoritarian political class. The drug war is what gives these type of police the justification for their actions. The drug war will be our undoing. I took a counter once. When you're miserable at a place, for whatever reason, a big pay raise will make you forget it for about 4 months, then you'll be miserable again. Life is too short to be miserable 8+ hours a day. That's not a counter offer, that's asking for a raise. Counter offer is when you get an offer from another company and tell your boss you want to leave, but your boss makes a counter offer to keep you to stay. Yes, I suppose a counter offer doesn't require notice, just another offer, real or imaginary. Yes, that's another unfortunate thing HR does. If I'm so miserable that I've actively sought, interviewed and received an offer, I'm gone. Like someone else alluded to, most shitty jobs aren't shitty because of pay. I've worked at 2 companies in the last 14 years and they both got really shitty after being acquired by a private equity firm. It usually takes 2 years until it's unbearable. I stayed so long because they were wonderful jobs; work and pay; and growing like wildfire before the M&A. In my experience, all raises are based off your hiring salary. You start at $100K, you gets several 10% raises, you end up at $100Kx1.10. If you start at $75%, same thing. $75Kx1.10. Rinse and repeat. After 5 years, you are significantly behind based on that initial negotiation. Also, I've read never take the first offer. YMMV. >your employer is given cause to question your loyalty and may be more suspicious of your contributions moving forward. This sentiment has been expressed by MS CEO Satya Nadella and I'm sure it's popular in other management circles. Haven't they laid off around 20,000 people in the past few years? Seems like MS as a company wants to have it both ways, as I'm sure many do. That and the economic recession where lots of people who had vehicles were now trying to make ends meet. Also, they paid their drivers better initially until they build up their driver network. Of course leveraging the media helped and a symphony of other things all pushed them to where they are now. I'm late GenX. I used to swear like a sailor at work (and everywhere really) until I had a kid and I actively had to mitigate the use of my preferred expletives. A lot of fricks and dangs these days. My favorite? "Poop on a stick." That's a good one, I'll have to remember to add it to my repertoire. Cynically, I think it's because the constitution implies journalists freedoms that certain public figures would prefer the general citizenry not have. >Salary ranges on job listings benefit employers not employees. I guess that's why most companies in the US don't list salaries, out of the goodness of their hearts. Ranges on jobs benefit employees. It's simple negotiation. You want the other person to put out the first number. If the employer is thinking $100K for a position, but a qualified candidate starts with $80K, they just saved $20K a year. If they put $100K, they started first, so an employee who would have taken $80K now gets $100K. As a side note, all IT people should watch Pawn Stars, American Pickers or any reality show that is part negotiation. It will give you a feel of small things to help negotiate. If all IT people learned to negotiate better, everyone's salaries would go up. We used this in the BBS days. C-Net in the C64 days, then WWIV when I switched to PC clones in 1990. Both platforms had full source code available. It's where I cut my teeth. I have one of those keyboards and love it, but it's too noisy when sharing a room. It can also be used as a highly effective weapon if need be. I currently use the CODE keyboard. It's ok. I'm trying not to sound snarky, but: different strokes for different folks. Who are you to tell someone how to spend their money? Just basic common sense. Ok, that was a little snarky. I would love a phone that I could plug into a dock and use just like a regular computer. I was certain that's what Microsoft was going after with their Windows 8 release. I'm not sure why they aren't pursuing it. I think I read somewhere that Intel dropped their mobile chip line. But their memory is magical. It sure beats being in Europe 100 years ago. It was the Snowden revelations that finally had a serious affect on me. I still enjoy creating things, but the internet has soured. Work is up and down, mostly down. A new job at the right place will fix that though. Peak oil refers to production, meaning once we reach peak, we will never be able to extract more from currently known means. Oil is funny. There is plenty of oil, but much of it is too difficult to harvest from an economic standpoint. That's what makes shale oil techniques such a breakthrough. It's economically easier to get to what was once not. From Wiki. Peak oil, an event based on M. King Hubbert's theory, is the point in time when the maximum rate of extraction of petroleum is reached, after which it is expected to enter terminal decline. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peak_oil >It's also worth noting that "too difficult to harvest from an economic standpoint" is a moving target. Good note. Oil is fairly inelastic. I would say terminal velocity on that would be just before it costs the same amount of energy to extract energy. That can be converted to dollars just as well. That's a good thing about renewable and alternate energy, it erodes that inelasticity so when terminal velocity hits, we aren't all breeding horses again. https://metropolis.dysr.com - centralized, automated SFTP / GPG / Zip tool for Windows environments. I believe Agile (at least as thought of by management) is designed to make programmers interchangeable. If programmers are interchangeable, they are easily replaceable. We just started doing "by the book" Agile with daily stand ups. Now that you mention it, it does feel like I'm being micro managed. Put in your time every day so we can email everyone the burn down chart. Lets add some more pressure to the job if you are behind a day. There are no milestones, just an endless grind. I don't know why programmers don't push back against that stuff. Yes, that's also the primary reason EpiPen can charge so much for their device. Their competitors' products were blocked / backlogged by the FDA. http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/09/01/49223579... I didn't intend to suggest throwing out the FDA. I was just making a point that, like everything, it isn't perfect and can be improved. The point that EpiPen was given temporary monopoly by the FDA was almost completely lost in most of the news stories I read. It's a facet of the story that I think is important, but left out. To be an informed citizenry, we need to know all the angles and be able to filter the BS. Kudo's to NPR for bothering to get the full story. I drive an SUV. I work 10 minutes from my house and remote 2 days a week. I fill up the tank of about 20 gallons once a month. Because I live in a hot state and if I walked or rode 10 miles to work everyday I'd stink to high heaven. NPR is also a good source. The GOP has been trying to defund them since Bush took office in 2000. C# is a lot different today than it was 7 years ago. You might be in for a shock. The nice thing is you can develop it today as you did 7 years ago, but with heavy use of lambdas and var, it reads almost like another language. WinForms are still the fastest way to develop complex applications as well. From soup to nuts, it's probably the pinnacle of front end development. Trends started going from WinForms to web around 2000 as pushback against Microsoft so here we are today. I still think from a business standpoint, it was a very expensive thing to do. Also, most managers won't act on anything they can't measure directly. I take it as an opinion. He's trying to sell that opinion. What he's leaving out is: 1. Leaky abstractions 2. Software bloat (using a massive framework to solve a simple problem) 3. Oops, I picked a lemon, now lets roll back all that glue code. 4. Code dependencies. 5. Upgrade hell. It's a fad, it too shall pass, assuming programmers still remember how to program non-trivial things after the fad. I used Thinkpads before switching to Macs in 2008 or so. I still have my 2013 rMBP and don't plan on replacing it anytime soon. The Thinkpads are/were great Windows computers. I'm not sure if that is still the case. I have one for work and the F2 key is already detaching and my nub mouse stopped working this morning. I suspect after being accustomed the MacBooks, any Windows machine will have irritating issues you will have to get over. I was always leery of Facebook and what it did with data. After the Snowden revelations, I only used LinkedIn for career related reasons. I make sure to never post too personal, identifiable information on forums. My real name returns google results, but they are very sparse. It's crazy out there and the consequences are real. As for the premise of the article, I can see how your brain craves immediate relief from boredom. That's really what it is, right? My work is fairly interesting to me, so I've never had the overwhelming and constant desire to distract myself from it. Perhaps a few articles here and there for a mental break. It has certainly given me a long and gainful career that I otherwise wouldn't have had if I had become a teacher or Accountant like I had planned. My work ethic was mostly shaped by high school athletics, but perhaps codified (pun intended) by programming. Swap out some brand names and that's almost exactly what I'm building right now. Micro services! Let's make everything like that now! I miss WinForms. It really depends on the state / region. He promised a lot of things. If I had to pick one of the biggest ones, it would be: Automation, globalization, and anti-unionization have been pushing down wages for 30+ years. Government policies by both parties seem to do nothing but speed up the process, particularly in globalization. The only thing the Dems had to offer was social safety net, but most people would rather have better paying jobs. The Republicans only offered rhetoric and an extra helping of anti-unionization. Also, I don't think a vote for Trump is for the GOP or their policies. The GOP was the platform Trump used to get elected (as he slashed and burned their policies). I think the vote was anti-establishment (anti-GOP and anti-Dem). It could be a sign of just how economically desperate many people in the red areas are. Also, it's very difficult / rare for a party to get a third term in recent history. Because most polls showed Hillary winning or winning by a landslide. I would buy a Windows phone that I could put on a dock and use like my desktop (but understandably slower). That's where it is going (or should be), and that is where MS has the advantage. Processor improvements are mostly going to efficiency rather than raw power these days, so time is on their side. Being able to carry your computer around and put it in a "desktop dock," or "laptop dock" would be amazing. It will make having separate phone apps and computer apps seem as kludgy as carrying an iPod, a computer and a flip phone was. They're really close too. Shrink the surface a bit, make it cooler and put a cell radio on it. Boom! Most of the things mentioned annoy me too and I've been doing this for going on 20 years now. Perhaps move into a different industry that uses tech but is not tech. Some companies appreciate 10+ year code. (Code you write that you expect to last 10+ years). Churn and burn code fits SV right now. VC's invest in hundreds of companies expecting only a few to make good money. It makes sense to only build enough product that proves the business model / concept. If the business model is bad, it's better to have paid less to build it than spend more for solid code. Solid code costs time and money. Traditional companies that use tech want a product build well that has low maintenance costs and will last them 10+ years. They are more willing to build a tight application rather than a loose one because their business model is already proven. Fear sells better than anything. You would think the liberal papers would get more clicks talking about how Trump was winning. Also, if Hillary voters think the election is in the bag, more would stay home versus if they thought it was close. Perhaps polling is just more or less accurate because fewer people take part in polls. It's based on assumptions as he described: "Economics has been subject to criticism that it relies on unrealistic, unverifiable, or highly simplified assumptions, in some cases because these assumptions simplify the proofs of desired conclusions. Examples of such assumptions include perfect information, profit maximization and rational choices." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economics Try your team lead. Don't expect long philosophical conversations, but if they do a code review, make sure to ask "why?". Not like, "why, you dumbass?" but "why did you make that decision, what are the pro's and con's?" I used to send emails to my favorite professors just to say hi, or to ask questions, I'm sure they enjoyed the conversation as much as I did. This sounds like a place programmers go to die. Totally agree. Building a usable, shippable, commercial grade product and actually getting people to pay you money for it is quite an ordeal. An enormous amount of attention needs to be paid to get a product nobody cares about installed, even for free. Even after the sale, you have to provide support which will run at a loss until you reach a customer threshold. The SaaS and subscription model evens out the revenue spikes, but you still have to make the sales. A salesman, I am not. I suppose I should learn how to do it, but I don't have much passion for the sales side of business. FOSS folks probably wouldn't like my stuff. It's Windows based. The site looks fine. I can easily pay $0-$10 to get a super nice HTML5 site that would look great because it was made by a professional designer, then tweak it a little to make it look somewhat unique in a 10th of the time. Eye candy sells, but it is cheap. Most people would be better suited concentrating on back end abilities; it's generally a much more valuable skill set. I'm not sure where all this process came from, but it sure does cost the business a ton of money without much return. I would theorize it could be an attempt to abstract the developer from the business process so the business isn't so beholden to one or a handful of people. On a side note, I embrace source control. It allows me to run down a rabbit hole and not worry about having to get myself out of it. To the OP: Look at popular code bases and see how they are organized. Run your debugger through them and see how they work. Organization is the key to maintainability. DRY (Don't repeat yourself) and KISS (Keep it simple, stupid) are your friend. Like anything, the more you do, the better you will become. 6. Anything important is obfuscated anyway. Most of what we get now is mostly just emotional filler. And decades of people like Limbaugh blatantly misrepresenting issues like Sandra Fluke's testimony since the 80s. The "alt-right" news phenomenon isn't anything new. Hop onto any forum website's political section and you'll get plenty of links to crazy. Been that way since at least W. Probably since Drudge and the Monica Lewinsky thing. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rush_Limbaugh–Sandra_Fluke_con... I've noticed that ever since the election result, it seems like the NYT has completely lost their minds, nothing but doom and gloom. At least wait until something happens to report on rather than rampant speculation. I'm so sick of hearing about Trump. Isn't there any news fit to print? I remember when Hillary started using the term "alt-right" on the campaign trail, as if it were something different than the typical Fox / Drudge / Limbaugh drivel. It seems as though she was trying to protect the GOP from the master it created by disassociating it somehow. It's the same ole same ole, just evolved. Our company uses mostly legacy C# and .NET frameworks on premises with a mix of SQL Server and Oracle. We're building a new app using WebAPI / MVC with a SQL Server backend that will be hosted in Azure. For what it's worth, Ethics was a required course for an undergrad business degree in my college in the 90s. I'm not sure if it still is. Ethics is easily thrown out the window once some executives falsely proclaim that they are required by law to do what's best for shareholders. Since shareholders have a minimal voice outside large holders, it's easy for those executives to claim, "the shareholders want profits, period." Of course, they don't mention that executives want bonuses too. An interesting thing about ethics when you study History. When asked how they could indiscriminately kill Jews during the Holocaust, Nazis usually claimed the first few times were difficult, but the acts became a matter of course; normal as anything else in their day. In that same war, the Soviets committed brutal atrocities of the German cities they conquered, as did the Japanese in China. Every country has committed heinous acts in their history. Once it starts, inhumanity can spread like wildfire. We as developed world citizens believe we are civilized, and for the most part we are; but we are only a stones throw away from being capable of casually committing what we would think of as atrocities as the norm. I agree with you, but perhaps the novelty of those old games help to make them immersive when we were kids. Once the novelty wears off, they lost that feeling. I'm not sure why you are getting so many down votes, it's a legitimate point. We tend to forget that it was Obama who was in his second term when the Snowden revelations hit the papers. It was Obama who approved the drone strikes on US citizens. It was Obama who was in charge during Manning's court martial, conviction and sentencing. I appreciate the complexities of each decision, but it shows he understood and accepted the usefulness of the systems in place. Hillary is a hawk, I don't recall her speaking out against the NSA or drone strikes. I do recall Feinstein, a senior Democrat Chair in the Senate politicking for surveillance. It seems Trump is less interventionist that what we've seen in the past 30 years from both parties in Congress. Perhaps that in and of itself will lessen the massiveness of our surveillance systems, perhaps not. If you take a step back, realize that political parties are private entities that try to get their members elected into power, and they spend a lot of money convincing the citizenry they are the right choice. If it were Exxon-Mobile doing the same thing, you would have pause, even if they were saying the right things. I'm not saying that Trump's administration will not be a complete disaster, but that remains to be seen. Yes, I'm aware of that, but being Secretary of State and putting candidates in elections every year while only allowing 1 other real competitor (the other party) to compete are completely different levels. Imagine if there was the Republican party and the Exxon-Mobile party. Wow, I just saw that in the headlines. I suspect that's what Congress has in store for Trump if he gets out of hand. Either that or impeachment for something. They have their perfect guy waiting to take his place. >1) As a software person your are employed to Solve Business Problems - NOT to write code, NOT to write tests, NOT to hack on platforms, NOT to be Agile. Solve the problem (or add the feature) - never lose sight of this. I couldn't agree more with this. When I was very young, I secretly wondered why people would pay me money to play with computers all day. Once I understood why, I was able make myself more valuable because I understood why I was valuable. >I just throw crap at the wall and see what sticks, EE and stuff like that is real engineering. That's one of the things I really love about writing software. You don't have to plan too much before you start to see some results and so you can really get creative quickly. If your thinking was wrong, just undo and try another angle. I wonder how much of this has to do with the dot bomb in 2001. It washed a lot of my generation (GenX) out our technology. Triggered :) You can tell it was a tabloid style article by the headline: "Drug firms poured..." >Which is about 72 per year, per person. That doesn't sound unreasonable. I would guess the average prescription is 2-4 a day per person per year. You would think someone would be aware enough to do a code review of a newly hired junior developer pushing production code for the first time. It's a shame that this journalist, trying to make a name for themselves, feels it's perfectly OK to manipulate the numbers so that it sounds like it's worse than it is. When people read this dramatic account, who don't bother examining the numbers get it in their heads that "something must be done!" it's the people who are in chronic pain that suffer. Also, since this is coal country, I assume black lung plays a big part in the need for these scripts. As an aside, I have a family member who had a horrific injury who is on a pain killer script. This person isn't allowed to take an extra pill on days when the pain is worse than normal because the DEA is cracking down so hard on this, her doctor is afraid to subscribe over the government imposed "limit." Pretty sad. Her doctor even suggested she go to a pain clinic because he is concerned about getting heat for total subscriptions. Didn't we learn anything from the immensely stupid and still ongoing drug war? F k this journalist. Look at it this way, 15% of the US population smokes. Let's say they smoke a pack a day, 20 cigarettes. If I presented that data to the population as a whole as this journalist is doing, it would be "The US population smokes up to 3 cigarettes per person per day," which is technically true based on the math applied, but grossly misleading. 15*20/100 = 3. They are applying a number of a subset of the population to the entire population. It's very misleading. Edit: This journalist is also citing per year statistics, so take my math and multiply by 365, so that would be, "the US population smokes up to 1,095 cigarettes per person per year." The larger number implies that it is much worse. To add a little spice, I could say, "The US population smokes 1,095 cigarettes per year for every man, woman and child," which is exactly the same data set, but it's now implying that children are 1/3 of the people who smoke. Also most people don't envision a 17 year old as a child, so it further implies that young children (say 5-12) smoke. The saddest part of this whole story is that this is what we can expect from serious journalism in this day and age. Gotta have their clicks! Sedatives are different. Also people who are on painkillers lose the "high" after a while, so for the most part, they are normal functioning people, which is the idea. Also, as an aside, take into account that there are 5+ million car accidents a year. I would guess that is or at least is one of the leading causes of chronic pain in the US. I have a 2009 MacPro and Apple has marked it obsolete, so the latest OS won't install (without a little fiddling). I like the new MacPro (2013?) but the proprietary SSD socket is a real turn off as is having to buy two expensive CAD cards that I don't need. I was hoping the prices would come down on the used / refurb market, but they haven't very much. I've all but stopped coding with it (Xcode); the app store is too saturated to have a realistic chance of making money without a massive marketing budget. I can't bring myself to buy an iMac without being able to use it as a monitor once it's obsolete. Perhaps the Apple allure has worn off for me. If they could do this with a phone (x86/x64), or at least something with a cellular radio, they would hit it out of the park. I want a laptop that is just a dock with a phone slot in it. A desktop as well. Slide the phone in and instant form factor change with ports, GPU, extra HDD/SDD, etc. I think they spend a whole lot of energy on the iWatch and it didn't pan out the way they hoped. Is it possible for x86/x64 to approach the efficiency of ARM over time, or does the CISC vs RISC make that nearly impossible? I read a while ago that Intel abandoned their mobile chips. The broad, rapid American growth has a lot to do with the fact that Europe and the Far East was in complete ruins after WWII and the US was in the immediate position to rebuild Europe. Remember, right before the mid century prosperity, we were in a massive depression caused by the "Roaring 20s" which was fueled by another smoldering Europe. The time period before WWI; the late 1800s and early 1900s were pretty bleak. Before that, the North was fairly prosperous but the South was under reconstruction, so that region was pretty bleak as well. Of course, there is plenty of wealth to go around today, it's just concentrated due to a war on the middle class by industry, aided by goverment, dating back to at least Reagan. Let me clarify. The primary debt issuance was debt taken by people doing stock market speculation. The joke at the time was that if your shoe shine boy was asking you about stocks, something weird is about to happen. The agriultural overproduction was a result of the drop in market prices for goods, so the farmers ramped up production to make up for it, ignoring good farming practices, notably proper tilling and crop / land rotation which resulted in the deterioration of the top soil (dust bowl). All of this happened in the Roaring 20s. As far as before the 20s, you had WWI and the industry kings manipulating the markets. They were doing fine, but the people working under them weren't. This was the era of industrialization, child labor and The Jungle. It was wonderful if you were an industry titan, but bleak for most everyone else. Anyway, my point being, the great prosperity we experienced after WWII was more of an anomaly that anything else. I believe it was sustainable through smart regulation and government investment among other things, but interests have been working hard to bring us back to where we were before. IMO, this isn't good advise, it sounds like dating advise (don't call her for 2 days!). This is how I prefer it: 1. Recommendation from a friend. 2. Sit down over lunch or something and chat with the boss. 3. Decision to offer is made, start date and compensation is set. 4. Done. Any lingering, any delay only increase the chances of it not working out. I'm the same way. A full day interview is just silly, multiple day interviews, no way. Look at my resume, meet me, decide, make an offer. If it doesn't work out, fire me, but don't play this silly game of multiple interviews with multiple people that don't really talk to each other or coordinate. It makes the company look like they don't know what they are doing and/or are indecisive. You can keep that. I agree. If it's between two companies that pay "competitive rates," and one company wants me to interview for an hour and one company wants me to interview for a day, I'm not going to waste a day. If you were paying 2x rates or real equity, ya I'd slog through a day long interview, but I bet you aren't. What does your company have to offer that would compel me to spend 8 hours interviewing that another company doesn't? >who aren't interested in your company, just interested in a job Every founder thinks their company is great. People who want jobs will happily reinforce that delusion to get the job. Some companies are better than others, but most of it is really boring stuff. I guarantee that everyone working at your company is there because they need a job. I could see that in a similar manner of wanting to quit your job. You make moves so that it can happen quickly, you save up some cash, you make some calls, but you don't pull the trigger so to speak until you just can't take it anymore; something pushes you over the edge. But that doesn't really matter, does it? I mean we now know we're being spied on either directly, or indirectly (wink wink). Data collection is spying. Metadata collection is spying. It's happening; both parties vigorously support it; and it's most likely unconstitutional. That's what matters. I'll give it a whack: Management of local newspapers. Management of record stores. Management of video rental stores. Certain facets of network administration. Certain facets of software development. Preparing legal documents. Scientific lab work. Accounting. Investment brokers. Tax preparation. Marketing. Payroll. Basically any business app is only worth something because it makes workers more efficient through automation. There are a lot of business apps that 4 year folks use. Also, you are missing the point when you require "automated away completely." It's not binary. If getting something done used to require 100 people and now it requires 10, multiply that against 20,000 companies and you have a huge hole. The risk of automation isn't completely removing people, it's requiring less people across many career paths. This is true, but I assume you are referring to the Baby Boomers. That generation wasn't so much a bulge as it was a boom, meaning the boomers also had at least as many children as they were (average 2 kids per couple). When the next generation goes to retirement, it will be just as large. I guess what I'm saying is if you believe the participation rate will increase because a large group of people are retired and the next generation is smaller, it isn't. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demography_of_the_United_State... I loved Metallica until the whole Napster thing. Who am I kidding, their music is still great for hardcore heads down coding. Nine Inch Nails too. It's more how it was done. It was watching Metallica who made their money selling rebellion and raw emotion turn into litigious corporatists. It was a real generation clash. Image is everything. What are you a record company shill or something? Yes, you are correct, even accounting for immigration. GenX is of course larger than the Greatest Generation and the Lost Generation that preceded the boomers. We will get a little labor participation relief, but not much. GenX is still significantly larger than the generations proceeding the boomers. I never said I disagreed with their claims, I said I disagreed with the way Metallica handled it. It's the first approximation of the Streisand effect that I can recall. But I do disagree with the constant extension of copyright duration, which is a legal monopoly originally granted for 14 years optionally renewable for another 14. Now it's life of the author plus 70 years. This is of course mostly done for intrenched interests that can afford to lobby congress for their benefit and the detriment to society as a whole. As I'm sure you are aware, the concept of copyright is to grant temporary legal monopoly to incentivize and reward creation but to ultimately benefit the public by releasing it to public domain after 28 years. Now it can be 100+ years. All the benefit of monopoly, but no meaningful benefit to the public. If copyright laws were as they were originally intended, all Metallica from their founding to ...Justice would be public domain now. Finally, anything copyrighted after 1978 will probably never be public domain in our lifetimes. How is that beneficial to society? Monopolies are bad, especially life long ones granted by the government. Furthermore, copyrights for software are very weak. I can clone Excel all day long as long as I don't copy their code. Software patents were designed as a copyright of sorts for software ideas, but look at what a disaster that turned into. So technically, as soon as you or your company releases a product, I can probably clone it to my heart's content, unless you have a patent that will hold up. Why are you bringing up 15 year old talking points? It just goes to show much much Metallica is married to the idea of copyright rather than their music, again to their net detriment. Having a rich daddy is probably the largest influence in someone's chances of being rich themselves, at least in the US. I see money as freedom. My ultimate goal is to save enough so that I don't have to work. Eventually, that will be the case, hopefully not on my deathbed. If the majority of the population thought that way, we'd have an economic collapse though, so forget what I said. Can you give a breakdown of what you've found to be the percentages "the formula?" I'm honestly curious. I enjoy work as well. Eventually you will work at a job that was great, but through acquisition or whatever, it turns terrible and you will feel trapped because it pays well but the people you work for are less than ideal for many reasons. Most of the work we have to do is not life changing or world changing, or even makes the world a slightly better place for anyone other than the ownership. One day you might want to fully explore a new technology or framework, but your current work environment isn't interested and you aren't well versed enough, or there aren't any jobs in your area related to that technology. Spending time after work is an option, but when you get older and have a family, the harder that is. To me money is freedom to not have to work, or be able to work on what I want to work on, explore what I want to explore, etc. You're welcome, and for what it's worth, I wasn't the one down voting you. Ya, standard is 2 weeks starting off, then it increases over the years. You also usually have to actually accrue those two weeks over an entire year. Usually caps out at around 5 weeks or so. For me it isn't the PTO. Say I want to interview at 10 companies to see which is the best fit. That's 10 days of interviewing. If they are all 3 day interviews, that's an entire month. I get tired of talking to people about nothing after an hour. If someone wants to bring 5 people for me to talk to about smalltalk and nothing really of substance, I won't do very well. 20 years ago, a friend who worked for a guy who would hire 10 people then after a few weeks, fire most of the ones leaving just the best. I live in an "at will" state. I guess most people just don't have the stomach for that sort of thing, so they try to make up for it with 3 days of doing nothing really relevant to the job. >It's astonishing to me that I hit Ctrl-F and searched for "sandbox" and "software compartmentalization" and there are no hits in that doc. They use the term container. It's a subheading: 2.2.1 Operating System Containers "...Container-based isolation can clearly reduce the impact of software vulnerabilities if the isolation is strong enough." I think the idea of using micro services is that lessens the surface area of what you need to harden. In other words, it's easier to harden a simple service that just does one or a few things versus hardening a complex monolithic application. I'd liken it to OOP encapsulation or the idea behind linux executables. I don't believe economic collapse will yield a better society. If we can get from the consumeristic society we have now to a much less consumeristic one without the economic collapse, perhaps. Tribalism in politics. A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. It seems to me to be a bit of a guideline or general list of thinks to be aware of when devleoping. It's fairly short, at least compared to many government reports, so it can be digested quickly and put in the ole' toolbox. Half of the reason legalese is so complex is to attempt to cover all bases, the other half is so that lawyers need to be hired to translate it. Just put in simple plain language what you want to exclude. If you find someone violated your terms (most people do not read them), then it's on you to drag them into court and prove that they were a Trump supporter and to define that term. I think the history of anything is important. It helps the student learn why things are significant, what they changed, and how things were before it occurred. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because the likelihood the FB willingly gives any and all information, conversations, public or private to the government without a whistle of a fight. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because employers started looking up people's accounts, forcing people to friend them as a condition for employment. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because it's incredible foolish to have your real name and any personal details on the internet for public consumption. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because there isn't any meaningful conversation on there anyway and most people are just posing for the camera. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because some crazy friend of a friend passes masses of ridiculous propaganda all day long. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because it allows people to tag my name in photos they took that I don't want publicly available. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because I don't particularly want to be a product. How about I deleted my Facebook account years ago because I don't particularly care for Zuckerberg. I could go on and on. It's fairly trivial to record voice through an app in the foreground and translate it into text for data mining. I'd be surprised if they weren't. I'm sure if they were they would keep a lid on it for obvious reasons. It would be encrypted, so who would know? I'm sure Facebook enacts a non-disclosure clause for anyone who works there. After Snowden revealed what was not only possible, but what was going on, would this really surprise anyone? That was over three years ago, do you think technology hasn't matured? Do you think they wouldn't do it for ethical reasons when there is profit to be made? Hell, Samsung said they do it with their smart TV's. But their PR department says they respect your privacy, of course. Wink wink. https://www.cnet.com/news/samsungs-warning-our-smart-tvs-rec... >If Facebook had an always-on phone recording, people's data limits would be swiftly used up. Not if they were converted to text with the phone before they were sent. Text is pretty small. It's even a multitude smaller when compressed. It could easily be added to normal send packets without anyone noticing. Furthermore, when things are encrypted, it distorts the actual size of the message. I mean I came up with a way to do it unnoticed in a few minutes, imagine what a top team could come up with in a few months. I obviously don't know if it's happening or not (deleted my account years ago) but it isn't hard. >If it were true, they wouldn't so unequivocally deny it. That's a strange conclusion to come to. I think it was Shakespeare addressed that very thing in Hamlet. >There's far more harm for them deceiving customers than there is in them admitting to a creepy feature. If they've already deceived, then they certainly wouldn't admit it. If they stopped doing it, they could deny it was currently happening and not be lying. >I have $1,000 for whoever can prove this is happening. That number pretty much ensures anyone who has the ability to find out wouldn't bother. Personally, I think they might have toyed with it but abandoned it. The trick isn't collecting the data without getting caught, that's simple (as earlier described). The trick is taking action on the data and not getting noticed. If you use the conversation data as a weight to only be added to non-conversation data, you could do it completely unnoticed. In other words, gather conversation data but only apply it to data collected in other, less controversial means. So +1 for posting about Colgate, +1 for talking about it only if there is already +1 from the posting. Well, I'd be surprised if they hadn't researched it to see how feasible it was. >there's no way they'd be able to keep it secret, NDA or not, and there'd be a massive shitstorm about it. If a developer goes public with that information, their career is pretty much over. They get sued for millions of dollars and their life is pretty much over. The developers working on it could be led to believe they were working on something else completely. It only takes 1 person to pull the libraries together, and that would have to be someone you trusted. Coca-Cola protects their formula by having several vats of stuff, so to make Coke, you mix 1 part vat A, 2 parts vat B, and 1 part vat C and you're done (just a hypothetical). Some people knew what was in vat A, but not vat B, etc. The same thing can be applied to programmers. >there's a big difference between how people intentionally speak to a phone (e.g. making calls, FaceTime) and just ambient audio from a phone in a pocket or on a table. Siri can do it easily. You have to be in close proximity for it to respond. Say "Hey Siri" from across the room and nothing happens. Just check volume levels and that's it. Anything quieter than a few decibels and you ignore. No, but small messages would be bigger. I just did an example, I encrypted "This is Fran. How are you doing?" (My name isn't Fran.) It was 368 bytes, far larger than the original text of 34 bytes. I then encrypted the entire message you replied to and it was only 623 bytes. The original was 449 bytes. Also, you can further obfuscate it by playing with the compression levels and algorithms. The point being, the difference of 255 bytes is hardly enough to draw attention and hardly enough to hit data caps or affect battery life. >Why? I posit that a good portion of the customer fallout from this functionality has already happened since so many people believe the conspiracy. The quote is "The lady doth protest too much, methinks." I'm not sure if you are familiar with it but it means that when people vehemently protest something it usually means they did it. I actually read the link you supplied and I don't think they are currently doing it based on what they said, but they might have done it in the past and stopped once people started noticing. They could be sending it to a third party, which would make their denial true. They might not be doing it at all. Who knows? >companies can't just record your audio and then lie about recording it. Depends on what people agreed to in the terms and also what wording they used to deny it. I mean they denied they gave NSA direct access to their servers, but NSA had direct access to their servers. >Why? It shouldn't take any sophisticated technical analysis at all. It can be easily obfuscated using compression, encryption and when they sent the data. I touched on this in another post on this thread. They could gather the data and only apply it as a weight to an already collected data point that isn't related to the microphone. I posted this elsewhere also. Aren't conspiracy theories fun? >Have you actually worked in software engineering? There's no way this approach would be practical, especially not in a public company, with as many platforms and sophisticated tech like FB. This is a ridiculous conspiracy fantasy. Yes, 20 years. When dealing with a large application, it's broken into smaller chunks and each chunk has a team. It's called "divide and conquer" and has been a strategy as long as I can remember. You have an AI team and a UI/UX team, a data persistence team, a voice to text team, security / encryption team, multiple teams dealing with various middle tiers / micro services; all providing libraries and services. You have teams that don't even work for you that provide FOSS code. >This is a ridiculous conspiracy fantasy. It is but it's fun. >in order to sell this to clients That's the point, you don't sell it to clients, at least not directly, you just add weight based on captured conversations to existing "weighted preference" of the client. Do you explicitly explain every technical detail, line by line, algorithm by algorithm of how you acquire advertising data to your clients today? Of course not, they don't care, they just want to sell their wares. I mean Apple has secret teams by the truck load, and most things are leaked by third party manufacturers. I don't see how you can't imagine how feasible this is to do. >covering up a negative action is often exactly what lands people into hot water (see Watergate, Clinton, etc.). You are mixing up testifying under oath versus a PR release. Companies lie to you all day long in PR releases. If FB were to go under oath and state that, it would be more believable, but not completely, see James Clapper. I'm just pointing out how it's technically and orginizationally feasible to do this undetected. The only thing stopping FB from doing this is ethics and possibly backlash. Yes, but FB doesn't need to specifically listen for words and determine if they say anything, they just need speech to text, and only capture speech if the volume is a particular level. >You said yourself that Apple's notoriously-secretive stuff gets leaked all the time. Apple's stuff doesn't usually leak until it hits the manufacturers, which are third party. Apple itself is very good at keeping secrets within it's own company. One of the main reasons Snowden had access to that data is the NSA oursourced tens of thousands of tech people. If it's just one or two people, it's much, much less likely to be leaked. >without the engineering and product owners of the app knowing. You can sneak it into an app with just 1 engineer knowing. There are still 2-3 people who know the complete formula for Coke. You can get a SVP come directly to the developer and circumvent the product owners, or you could make a skunkworks team of just 1-2 people. Hell, FB manages to keep it's private keys private because only a select group of people can access it, let alone know where they are stored. >ad-tech clients do want to know exactly where the data comes from Funny, when I take out ads on FB, it doesn't tell me the algorithms used to determine who likes what, it just gives me the option on what demographics to focus on. I would venture to say not only is it technologically feasible and organizationally feasible, but they could do it without getting caught unless people start noticing ads popping up for things they never search on, and only talk about person to person. I think that can even be hidden by adding weight only to other weighted preferences captured through other means. Agreed. For people who don't know, HR is't like "Internal Affairs" like you see in movies, they are employed by the company to do a few things: 1. Create benefit plans. 2. Keep the employer from getting sued. #2 is particularly important. They are very risk averse, so they will take the quickest path to safety. Post something on social media that someone could take out of context or misinterpret? Fired. Shortest path. Criticize the company or your boss in some way? Fired. Shortest path. Say something overheard by someone else that might offend them? Fired. Shortest path. A potential hire says something odd to the HR manager during an interview? Denied, to risky. Something funny, at a company I worked for years ago, HR created a questionnaire to gauge morale in the company compared to other software companies. Every department was well below the average (meaning low morale) except the HR department which was well above. Beware. I often suggest to people wanting to get started working in programming to learn SQL. 1. It's easy to pick up but harder to master. 2. It's been around forever, it doesn't change much. 3. It's invaluable for reporting and analysis. 4. You can get a job with just that skill. I will parrot what a professor told me years ago. The hardest part of writing software is proper requirements gathering. He said it was like pulling teeth. By proper I mean the developer knows exactly what the client wants and the client knows exactly what will be delivered. A "meeting of the minds," I call it. I always tell clients this is the hardest part. It's not easy to make such a comprehensive list over such a broad category, so cheers to the author for trying. I think it's a good list, but to challenge myself, I tried to think of some things that he missed. 1. Encryption 2. Compression These might fit into another broad category like OS or Networking, but they are both distinct from those I believe. Something just occurred to me; encryption predates software so it's not a software innovation in and of itself. The most fascinating part for me is that 6 year old managed to find a way to circumvent biometric security without hacking off someone's finger: authenticate while the user is asleep. Necessity is truly the mother of innovation. These are good comments. >A righteous operating system should be a programming language. Like the Commodore 64, VIC 20, TRS 80 and many early home computers. >Any decent software environment ought to have a fully featured database, built in, and no need for a 'filesystem'. Microsoft tried to have MSSQL as a file system in Windows called WinFS. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WinFS If he's referring to non-relational, then most FS as we know it are key/value databases. You put in a key: c:\files\myfile.txt (/usr/root/myfile) and you get a byte array. It's more sophisticated than simple numeric tokens because it adds a 3d structure in the key. Part of the reason for these seemingly odd things is we stand on the shoulders of giants that came before us. Because of this, iterative technologies must be backwards compatible to survive. These are all important things but either fall under one of the broad categories or isn't a software innovation: Paradigms of programming, data structures, importance of the algorithm : Falls under programming although I'm not sure why GC wouldn't fall under that as well. Codd : programming (data structures) and transactions. He explicitly references databases in the transaction section. Binary: A hardware innovation. Virtual memory: Falls under OS. Automata: Falls under hardware or programming and possibly sculpture? IP: Falls under copyright / patent law. An aside: I've always known GIGO to stand for Garbage In, Garbage Out. When you are looking for something to do, don't make work for your developers (meetings).