Apple is getting my money because they have a compelling product NOW. That's the name of the game in business. This is old-fashioned Microsoft FUD, from a fanboy to boot. FaceBook is for friends and family - almost all of whom aren't developers. I use Twitter for geek-related stuff (the term 'geek' encompassing more than just development). Haven't looked at Google+. Based off comments, maybe I should. Don't let other people do your thinking for you, and don't get something just because everyone else is getting it. An iPad is a tool. Either you have a need for it or you don't. In either case, if you decide to get one you're going to discover you're the same old you as you were prior to getting it. And hopefully that's a good thing! :) Are you telling me you can be bought for life for $100? Please. Aside from that this is a good move on Nokia's part. They know they're the underdogs in the market and this is what you have to do as an underdog to have a shot at being a top dog someday. Maybe we should be concerned that men are underrepresented in the biological sciences. If anything this whole infographic can be used to show there's not necessarily a correlation between grades in school and performance on the job. Only Amazon has any assurance of making money. Incredible. What do you people plan on reading when the content providers go out of business? Each other's blogs? Have fun with that. More doing. Less talking. Good job! The trouble with JavaScript is the name is misleading - you're lead to believe it's a scripting form of Java. Instead it's more akin to Lisp in C clothing. Doug Crockford explains it best. http://www.crockford.com/javascript/javascript.html This is the kind of tripe we were hearing just before the bubble burst the last time. Turns out, you really did need to be concerned with how you were going to make money. There are no money fairies that are going to put the dough under your pillow. Assembly isn't difficult to program in, especially with a good macro assembler such as MASM. C'mon. We can give names to functions and call them by name. We can provide names for variables. We can use a linkage editor to produce an executable and resolve external references, meaning we can employ modular programming. How is this insane? Yes it is. That's the simple answer to your question. The SO community has had a different "feel" lately, and I don't like it and I think the mods are something to do with it. That's a subjective statement of course. You might love it. YMMV. Scratch your own itch. Create software YOU want that would be useful to you and you could learn something by creating. Don't worry whether it's a new idea or whether anyone on HN thinks it's cool. Other than that I would recommend learning different types of programming. Systems, applications and web programming come to mind. Use different types of languages too. This is the only way to get real-world experience on the different platforms, tools and programming styles. It's that experience that will move you along in becoming a great programmer. Programmes have always argued^H^H^H^H^H^Hdiscussed text editors. Used to be just emacs and vi. Now we've added more to the stable. But seriously, if you don't want to read the articles on text editors then don't. No one's making you. Maybe this will have the unintended consequence of driving more sales to the boutique computer stores that create their own systems. Zengrammer is awesome! I agree the term brogrammer has negative connotations and its usage needs to stop, except when referring to actual brogrammers of course! ;) Nice try. I have to sign up for Google+ to read on article about Google+? If this is the dodgy tactics used to drive up usage numbers then Google+ must not be offering any intrinsic value. As for now, LinkedIn is providing me greater value. Actual value, without gimmicks. tl;dr - it's no iPad but it's pretty good. I would say that's a fair assessment. And for a lot of couple balking at the $499 entry fee for the iPad, it may just well be what they've been looking for. My iPad integrates with the enterprise. Doing it right now as a matter of fact, and I work for a conservative Fortune 200 company with stringent, U.S. Federal Government mandated, security requirements. My iPad has become my main mobile machine at work, and with the exception of reading HN, I do real work with it - not just web surfing. And Androids need not apply. We stopped supporting them. Too many security issues as a result of their divergent platform. That's a good point: you can buy Windows 7 tablets today and yet Apple owns the tablet market. We can only reasonably assume Microsoft considers their current tablet strategy a failure and are seeking to rectify the situation with Surface and Windows 8. Humanities have always been the pursuit of the idle rich. Those without a hefty trust fund have found that they need to work to support themselves, and to find work they need skills. For those people we can only hope that their required electives provide them opportunity to expand their minds. By the way, what did you have in mind for the means for society to compensate these non-productive people? I say non-productive because they have no jobs, thus requiring some form of compensation from society. How do you seriously propose this be done? Apparently HN traffic killed the site. That right there makes it unfit for purpose. People forget Ayn Rand would have been 12 during the Bolshevik revolution. It obviously deeply affected her. While I don't consider Objectivism to be a formal philosophy, I don't see anything wrong with the characters in Atlas Shrugged either. They were simply sick of being the doormats of humanity. Expected to do whatever necessary to make life better for everyone else even as they persist in misery. What I want to know is what kind of person thinks anyone should live like that? If the Kindle is just a portal for buying/consuming Amazon services then I don't see it setting the world on fire. Once more people realize tablets are the ultimate mobile general-purpose computing platform then interest in consumer portal tablets will wane. OSX is good for developers with families. The wife and kids are happy and you're pretty happy too. Win-win all the way around. So is this how Microsoft is going to fight Linux on the desktop? Microsoft knows what they're doing? That's the funniest thing I've heard in a while. For the record, Microsoft has never had a success in the mobile space (PDAs, tablets, phones, MP3 players). They've come close a time or two but never in the past 15 years have they been the leader in any of these categories. Microsoft dominates the desktop. The XBox is an extension of the desktop. They're hoping to leverage their desktop dominance into a laptop-lite tablet. I'm betting they could care less about the user experience of Win 8 on the desktop. After all where else are their customers going to go? Apple? Linux? A few might. Most won't. This way they can focus all their energies into the tablet and then use their desktop dominance to move people to their tablets instead of Apple's. After all how many iPad owners have a Windows desktop? It's probably the best strategy they have. We'll have to wait and see how well it pans out for them. And no, I have no intention of buying one of these things. The tablet is an extension of the desktop. Microsoft has never been successful with them though. Now that the iPad has shown what a tablet can do perhaps Microsoft will be more successful this time around. Better question: are all social networking sites doomed to be fads and thus doomed to die? The answer leads to paradoxical results. If we answer 'yes' then no one will create another Facebook and thus Facebook will survive. If we answer 'no' then a competitor will emerge and thus increasing the chance that Facebook dies. Congratulations! You've just made the case as to why one should pursue a study in computer science. Can we expect the wonders of finite state automata next? I updated last weekend. I use Safari a lot and haven't had any issues. The weird thing I experienced during the upgrade is my iPad (3rd gen) got 1 Gb of memory freed - in that section iTunes calls Application Data. Still, 1 Gb is 1 Gb and I'm glad to get it back. And no, I haven't noticed anything amiss. The memory footprint on my iPhone remained the same. As far as maps goes, I don't use maps much (either Google or Apple). When I really need a map for long distance trips I use my Garmin. My experience with the mobile map apps so far is they're junk compared to the Garmin. I do need to do some traveling this Monday so I'll have the opportunity to do a side-by-side comparison test. Had the opportunity to seriously use Apple maps yesterday for the first time. I liked it better than my Garmin (which is a 2008 model). I like that it gives you street names for turning and that it tells you of upcoming turns and exits well in advance. The fact that it cuts in over the music being played by my iPhone is a practical plus - the Garmin simply can't do that. Finally, a plus for pointing out hotels and gas stations. My Garmin definitely didn't do that either. Apparently. Mind you, none of this has been tried in court AFAIK. Why spend money to educate your own citizens when you can import workers from other countries on the cheap? Of course long term this leads to the ruination of the United States. But businesses don't think long term. They only think of making money now . And to think one of these money men hucksters has a real chance of getting elected next week. I weep for our future. Next time buy your computer at Best Buy and see how that goes for you. Not to be too terribly snarky hopefully you've learned some valuable lessons here in dealing with Apple. You should have expected tech support to have regurgitated the contents of the email. The only reason you would have had for calling them is finding the name of the 3rd party company that would be fixing your computer and how to go about arranging that service. The second thing you've learned is the Apple geniuses aren't, well, geniuses. They're simply more knowledgeable than average, which takes care of 80% of the problems a typical customer will experience. The important thing to know is they're not doing the work. And, hello, since this was a general recall there were probably a boatload of machines "upstairs" waiting to be repaired. They told you 2 weeks because they prefer to under promise and over deliver and have your machine back to you in a few days. I know Apple can do seemingly amazing things, but good grief you need to have realistic expectations. Maybe we need to think of 'JavaScript' as a term representing a set of uncompiled languages targeting the browser runtime environment. With that definition I would say, sure - 'JavaScript' has a very bright future. Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! GIMP sucks because it doesn't work like PhotoShop? Brilliant analysis. The big thing I remember from my Numerical Computing course in college was floating point arithmetic is not commutative. Totally. Rocked. My world. You have to work hard to retain your significant digits throughout the computation. You are correct. I should have been more clear. Our expectation for addition to be associative is deeply ingrained and it's shocking to discover that's not the case when performing floating point computations. Google. They do a lot of basic CS research and have several product lines. They'll also still exist long after Facebook is a footnote of history. I've been using computers since the days of the VIC 20 and Apple II. A lot has changed since then, generally for the better. I'm significantly older than you and I'm here to tell you one thing: you'd better get with it. I don't see any point in crying about a desktop metaphor that's dying. Let's face it - there's a lot of people now whose primary computer is a smartphone or tablet. The name of the game today is to create a user interface manager that works well with those devices AND the desktop. We're not there yet, but that's the direction we're headed, and more importantly, it's the direction we should be headed. One final thing, I'm using an iPad to read and respond to this post. On this iPad I have an outstanding code editor and development environments for Lisp, Scheme, Python, J, F# and JavaScript. This is the way of the future. In 29 days they've managed to get two people to pledge $1 apiece. I work in the enterprise business market, for a 100 year old blue chip firm - and the iPads have come in like a tsunami thanks to our BYOD policy. They have Exchange integration. Legacy internal applications? These have all been web-enabled over the past 10 years. And the adoption has been top-down: it's the C-level execs that are driving this change. This has been going on for two years now. Microsoft seriously missed the boat and more and more is considered to be an old-school technology company like IBM. Did that this year. Bought an iPad instead of a new PC. I might not even do that again - thinking of buying a device like the Nexus 10 next. I have a family with lots of eyeballs. Yes, there is still work requiring a PC and so every family should have one. But not every person in the family needs one. Permanent solution? That's hard to say. No one should expect Apple to rest on their laurels for Maps though - they can't afford to admit defeat. They must continue to strive to make their Maps app as-good-as or even better than Google Maps. It'll be interesting to see what Apple does next. So how are things going in Syria? I'm going to be admittedly contrarian and claim Apple, along with their users, won. After all, they got turn-by-turn navigation from Google for free which supposedly Google was wanting to license to Apple for a considerable sum of money. They've already blown that SLA - for the year. Now how much of my money do I get back? That's what I was thinking. 'Extraordinary' swings both ways. Exactly. A web application platform you should have stopped using 10 years ago is still causing problems. Imagine that! If you're C code is portable then you've chosen the wrong language. C is best when assembly would have been appropriate but you want to write something in a more maintainable, higher-level language. C shines when you need to optimize for a specific operating platform. Microsoft used Ecma as a standards repository, not a standards body. Ecma neither created nor endorsed C# - they received and recorded a standards submission from Microsoft thus making C# "Microsoft tech." Finally, neither C# 3.0, 4.0 or 5.0 have been submitted to Ecma. So we can hardly refer to C# as an Ecma language for crying out loud! :) In a word, "no." LinkedIn is professional, Facebook is personal. Two totally different aspects of my life that I treat separately. So LinkedIn isn't going anywhere. The power of Yelp is derived through crowdsourcing. I don't have nearly enough Facebook friends to capitalize on the long tail crowdsourcing requires. So Yelp isn't going anywhere. And google? As if - I don't have enough time and space to explain why that isn't going to happen! The paragraph beginning with "To put it another way, C is no longer close to the real machine" really drove the point home. The further C gets away from the real machine then the less useful C will become. Higher-level languages have the advantage that a compiler can more easily determine what the program is attempting to accomplish and optimize the result for a specified architecture. This will be very difficult to do for C. As a result I would expect the performance of higher-level languages to start exceeding the performance of C. I guess we're just going to have to change our conventional wisdom when that time comes. I work for a Fortune 200 company and I just recently led the effort for them to adopt Chrome Frame. We were using a charting package that we could either render in Flash or SVG and because of our BYOD strategy we chose SVG but the performance in IE8 was abysmal. Chrome Frame fit the bill nicely. You include a tag in your HTTP header to request Chrome Frame. If it hasn't been installed then IE8 renders the page. The nice thing is the site self-selects that it wants Chrome Frame so your legacy sites continue to get IE8. Even better, your users are still launching IE so you don't have the support hassle of this site requires this browser while this other site requires this other browser. Meanwhile this gives us an opportunity to modernize our legacy web applications. Chrome Frame has been a great solution for us. I blog about development and IT-related items at http://taylodl.wordpress.com/ Recently I've been focusing on functional programming paradigms using JavaScript. If nothing else I've found that writing helps me internalize the material. And we care why? LGPL lets you do as you please with the code. If you need to modify the code, which in my experience isn't all that often, you simply provide the patch back to the committers. They're not required to take it, but that doesn't affect you. You simply had to provide it. And since you took from the community, doesn't it make sense to contribute back when you have something to contribute? For commercial use you want to use components that have been LGPL'd. Using LGPL'd components to build your application does not require your application to be either GPL'd or LGPL'd. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_Licen... for information on LGPL. IANAL, but I believe you're incorrect about shipping the libraries in particular ways. My understanding of the LGPL is you don't have to ship the libraries with your application, you just need to provide the relevant copyright notices - usually in your Help/About. I worked with the legal department at my company to get a list of approved open source licenses for components included in our applications. The GPL was immediately ruled out. Because of the GPL they spent several weeks scrutinizing the LGPL. They approved it. Obviously your mileage has varied with your lawyers. And if we want to keep our jobs we can't cross the lawyers, even if we believe them to be wrong. It'd be nice if our community had a common understanding of the LGPL. There seems to be a lot of confusion. And in so doing they would have lost the hearts and minds of the town's inhabitants, even if they can be temporarily controlled by force. When people from other towns hear of what is happening they'll be better prepared and fight harder. And don't forget every soldier came from Somewhere, USA. They're not going to be happy to see the military turned on their town. They may either stand down or sabotage the effort. Moreover the military is comprised of human beings, who have a conscience. Many or most would resist attacking their fellow countrymen with anything more than small arms fire, if that. Besides, the military would be overwhelmed by every town revolting all at once. There's something to be said for strength in numbers. You'd be amazed how much you'd learn going to college now, if you so desired. You know what you don't know and will be focused on learning it. BUT - college is a learning experience. As you've discovered you can get jobs without it. Have him do all his own code maintenance. You're paying $1500 to beta test a product. What's not clear is whether you get the final product when ready. What's the best programming text editor? The one that makes you the most productive. What should really worry Google is if Samsung left Android for either Firefox Mobile OS or Ubuntu Phone or started offering devices running any of these mobile OSes. The days of OS dominance ala Windows are over. That includes the mobile platform. In the land of start-ups the VCs are the chickens, the employees are the pigs. As in the fable it generally doesn't work out so well for the pig. I grew up in a blue collar family. This guy's father is the norm, not the exception. My grandfather was a lineman for the electric company. He worked around the clock in all kinds of bad weather and had friends who'd been electrocuted. My father-in-law worked on an end loader while suffering through hemorrhoids and hernias. My brother-in-law has a crushed disc and works as an auto mechanic, oftentimes requiring him to lift things over his head when working in the pit. When he gets home at night he has one chair that he can sit in to relieve his pain. This isn't macho cult bullshit, trust me they can't wait until they can retire. They're simply working men who'd go to the ends of the earth to provide for their families. I can't speak for the rest of the world but this is the culture of a blue collar family in the American Midwest. I am so glad I create software for a living. 40-50 hours work per week on average, more during a crunch, all in a climate-controlled environment. You can eat and drink any time you feel like it. You have flexible work schedules. And if your neck gets sore you're paid well enough you can go get a message and have it worked out. We've got it made. The killer app segment for Google Glass is augmented reality - which is quite awkward on cell phones but natural on devices like Glass. It's also an application segment that hasn't received much mainstream attention. Check out some of the stuff companies like Metaio have been doing: http://www.metaio.com/ (I'm not affiliated with Metaio, nor am I currently developing any augmented reality applications) Don't fix it if it isn't broke. NASA has lots of operational experience with VxWorks. They know all its warts and how to avoid potential issues. They also know the power consumption of the kernel. Compared to the cost of the overall mission the cost of VxWorks is negligible, yet the risk of replacing it with another kernel is quite high. It just doesn't make any sense. I grew up in the analog age. Trust me, there was much rejoicing when CDs came out. Your lament about the digital resolution of CDs is baseless: the resolution is far beyond what the human ear can discern. We've already been through all this in the 80's. It's comical to watch you hipsters stir up this old dust that had settled long ago. Oh, and it's well-known that some people prefer the sound of vinyl. It's a particular distortion accentuating the midrange. This distortion provides a "warmer" sound. But let's not kid ourselves - it's a distortion. But if you prefer the warmer sound of vinyl then I suggest you try 7,5 IPS reel-to-reel. It'll knock your socks off! They don't have a doodle celebrating Pi Day either. You'd think they would've done one or the other! A better title would be 'How pathetic tech reporting has become' RSS is a technology, not an industry and Google's killing Reader may not necessarily kill RSS. I've switched to Feedly and love it. I wished I'd been using Feedly years ago. Reader is quite pathetic in comparison to Feedly actually. But I didn't know that. I used Reader because it was from Google and all my colleagues were using it. As a result I'm checking out alternatives to other Google services. I've been in a Google rut for many years now and it's time to get out of it. It's all good. I suppose if you can keep the device from falling on a corner then you're good. That seems to be the worst-case scenario. It'll probably be a couple years before we see this in any of their devices. There's a lot of wealth from technology near the top, but overall this list is pretty well diversified from an industry perspective. Technology, banking/finance, retail, entertainment, real estate and energy. Pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and clothing don't do quite as well. And most strikingly, I don't recall seeing transportation anywhere on the list. Linus is now seeing firsthand that opportunity is not equal in the United States. You typically need to have attended a good university to get a good job and to get into a good university you need to have graduated from a good secondary school - which you need to have paid for either through tuition or taxes. The goal is to keep the wealth concentrated in the already wealthy. That's how it works here in the United States. I'll assume for the moment that Oregon's intentions are noble, and they're attempting to right this wrong. How ironic that it will achieve the exact opposite result. The old law of unintended consequences and all. Those of us who were in school in the 70s during mandatory desegregation will recall that too had the opposite effect of what was intended: instead of providing better learning opportunities for black students the white families left for the suburbs leaving the black students behind in worse schools than what they had started out with. Those who don't study history are doomed to repeat it I suppose. So what is the answer? I think we really need to understand the problem: public schools are locally funded and operated and small locales can use real estate to become exclusive. The solution then is to realize that exclusivity can't be had on a large scale. You need to expand the scope of 'local' in the local school system. A good start would be to expand 'local' to the county level. While certainly there are some counties richer and more exclusive than others, they are much more homogenous than individual communities. At least it would be a step in the right direction that would better serve everyone. I should have mentioned I'm using Feedly on an iPad. On the desktop Feedly isn't as compact as Reader - but there's a setting where you can make it nearly so. On the iPad I like the magazine layout and swiping to mark an article as read. Having fewer articles presented at a time actually has been helping me better focus on each article. And now that I can see more of the article I can better determine whether it's really something I should read. Whereas before I tended to skim the titles and try to weed out articles and figure I'd get to the articles I might be interested in later. To then find out that I really wasn't interested in that article. But that's me. You might hate Feedly for the exact same reasons I like it. Good thing you have until July 1st to find an alternative that works for you! Good luck! So what does it mean when the United States government has advocated for a real name system on the Internet? Are they attempting to use that as a means for wielding information totalitarianism here in the United States? Is information another form of freedom for which we must fight? How much you want to bet the water company didn't know the chemical name of water is dihydrogen monoxide? Otherwise they could have explained to the callers that dihydrogen monoxide is, in fact, water and they were simply victims of an April Fool's joke. But that doesn't seem to be the path that was taken. They're not out of the woods yet in the EU: http://www.techspot.com/news/52067-microsoft-under-fire-in-e... Our understanding of gut bacteria is poised to revolutionize our practice of medicine. This is fascinating research with quite unexpected results. I'll sure miss Fox when they pull off the airwaves said no one ever. I would. I hold no one else up to a bar higher than I hold myself. And I set the bar high. I've got no time for whiners and losers and this student's behavior is beyond the pale. So I'm a gourmet chef working at McDonalds?! FML Big moat? Apple has more money than any other company. Facebook is losing users in droves and every day there's a new article on HN on how to get Google out of your life. Of the companies you mentioned Amazon is the only one with bright prospects. I'm afraid if you're wearing Google Glass you may not be getting any "sexy time"! That poor Sinclair ZX81 can't handle HN load! It's probably done more work today than it has its entire lifetime. Running Google Now on my iPhone runs counter to my strategy of getting Google further out of my life. I have no interest in getting further enmeshed into their services. I am left to wonder how everyone could have been so wrong in predicting that the world would be glutted with good programmers and sysadmins by now I stopped reading the article at this point. Seriously. I've been programming for nearly 30 years and in that time no one ever thought there was a risk of our having a glut of good programmers. Ever. Hell, finding good talent back then was much more difficult than it is now. So stop your whining. Maybe they could change the way they do advertising: the amount of raw storage and the amount of available storage, similarly to the way they do hard drives (raw vs. formatted). This article is also 4 years old. Move along, nothing new to see here. I've travelled cross-country with Apple maps without issue. I didn't even have Google maps or printed maps as a backup. I must be nuts. Got any more cute little anecdotes for us? Automation is destroying the middle class, not the Internet. But I guess it sounds cooler to say 'Internet' though, doesn't it? Automation is destroying the middle class, not the Internet. But I guess it sounds cooler to say 'Internet' though, doesn't it? Google Glass is only the most anticipated product in the echo chamber of tech. The bans are an indicator from the rest of the world that Google Glass may not be the greatest product idea after all. These are big words considering Google is the biggest thief in the history of the world. But who cares about intellectual property anyway? Just because technology makes something possible doesn't mean its usage will be inevitable or even desirable. Most people for example eschew a police state where all your movements are tracked by video at all times and may be used to prosecute (or blackmail) you. Google Glass plays an important part in the creation of just such a state. You need to look at the recent U.S. Justice Department statement which essentially states that anything stored online is subject to search without warrant. Google + U.S. Department of Justice, bringing totalitarianism to a state near you! What rankles about Google is their hypocrisy. Google is an order of magnitude more evil than Microsoft had ever hoped to be and yet Microsoft was unabashed for who they were. Google continues to deceive. Deception is a fundamental component of their corporate strategy. Yet if Microsoft were in the same position doing the same things the chanting horde would be calling for their heads. Meanwhile Google can do no wrong. Google is in a position where they can greatly affect the usage and adoption of open standards. And increasingly they're subverting open standards. Is that evil? Draw your own conclusions but it was considered evil when Microsoft did it. Guys we need to ban together and remove these mysoginistic "brogrammers" from our profession. If you see guys behaving in this manner - in this case we're talking attempted rape - intervene. Don't just ignore it and hope the problem goes away. It's not, and it appears to only be getting worse. The diplomatic solution would be to have a doctrine of cyber warfare drafted by the U.N. that explicitly states when a cyber warfare attack is an act of war. There would also have to be guidelines of evidence that a state was sponsoring or had knowledge of but failed to control these acts. Unless and until such a resolution is adopted there's very little we can do other than incorporate cyber warfare defense as a component of our overall national defense. You're not familiar with tax law. What you just said is emphatically NOT true, even for private citizens. As an American citizen you are not liable to pay federal income taxes on income earned overseas until it exceeds a specified amount (>$100,000) - even if you aren't paying any local taxes on it. Well played sir! You've managed to take a run-of-the-mill little David vs. the Big Media Goliath story and use it as a sales pitch for your scroll kit and made the front page of HN to boot! JavaScript is most emphatically not the assembly language of the web. It is instead the lingua franca of the web. I actually think this is what people intend to convey when they say this sort of nonsense. It's progress without a real purpose. There is so much tech suffering from this affliction. If more men learned to put away their privilege Stopped me cold. Maybe that mindset worked in the 1960s but this is the twenty-teens and that "privilege" left long ago. In other words poor people, people living in rural areas and people in niche markets are using old technology. Hardly a surprise. I just got a 15" MacBook Pro w/Retina display a couple of weeks ago. i7, 16Gb RAM, 512Gb SSD. It's replacing a 7 year-old MacBook. I'm expecting to get 7 years out of this as well. I'm still at the "new machine" stage where everything just "pops" - not even a hint of delay. The 15" screen is really nice, highly recommend it over the 13", yet it's still portable and not as crazy as some of my friends who have 17" MBPs. Seems like the perfect app for Ruby on Rails! :) I was taught all the useful properties of a determinant, but not what a determinant actually was . Now everything makes much better sense! Java is the new COBOL. Everyone is going to be wondering when Java will die for the next thirty years. Java will still be running the enterprise decades after RoR is gone. The more interesting question is which will die first: Java or COBOL? The most clear and concise write up of monads I've seen. Explaining how monads remove the need for boilerplate code is the equivalent of how loop constructs remove the need for goto is when I had my aha! moment. So is it the accounts being compromised or has Yahoo! itself been compromised? Last week I received mail delivery failure notices for an email apparently sent to my entire address book. If it hadn't been for a couple of old addresses in my book I wouldn't have even known it'd happened. swapping things out with no questions Is also known as excellent customer service. Hardware will always have issues - no defect rate is 0%. How the manufacturer responds to those issues is what determines excellency. You can trampoline in JavaScript too. I showed how the performance may not be as you expect: http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... It's McCarthyism all over again, except this time substitute "terrorist" for "communist". How many lives will be up-ended this time around? Don't need secret police when the kids are whisked off to jail in broad daylight, out in the open. Secret police are only required when one wants to hide such grievous acts. Quite the opposite is the case now - our leaders our proud they're Fighting Terrorists. I wonder how much more Snowden will reveal since no one will provide him asylum? Before there was Hacker News there was Slashdot. Before Slashdot there were NNTP servers (Usenet). Before Usenet there were BBSes. We've been chatting online for the past 30 years and yet have still been able to create operating systems, window managers, office productivity suites, databases, compilers and all sorts of other things. Not saying our system is perfect, but it's working and besides developers need to let off some steam and just talk about geeky stuff. Even when corrected for number of servers this tells us essentially nothing. How much compute and storage capacity does Microsoft have compared to Google and Amazon? I'm not talking raw hardware performance either, but Windows Server vs. Google's customized server OS. This kind of information would provide us better insight into their computational capabilities. We really need to ratify and institute Isaac Asimov's 3 Laws of Robotics ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Laws_of_Robotics ) otherwise I'm afraid our future selves will regret it. It's all about faster, cheaper, better. When software/robots are faster, cheaper, better than their human counterparts then the humans will be replaced by software/robots. This has been going on for nearly four decades now. What people haven't been anticipating are the effects of exponential growth in the capabilities of software/robots, Moore's Law. We are now reaching a tipping point where vast swaths of labor can be replaced by these systems, much faster than the displaced workers can be reassimilated into other areas of the economy. This is leading to protracted high levels of unemployment, which we're already seeing our social and political institution's inability to cope. This will only get worse. This is quickly becoming one of the biggest issues of our age. Once upon a time twenty years ago I enjoyed this minutiae of C++. Now? Not so much. I just want to get work done and this is a case where I feel I'm fighting the language rather than using it. Outsourcing, of course, always saves money, Um, no it doesn't. Sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't. Your mileage may vary. It was this thinking that led to all sorts of idiotic outsourcing deals in the early 2000s where businesses discovered there are many scenarios where outsourcing increases costs. We've gotten a lot smarter since then but statements like this make me bristle. Was I the only one who thought Paul Atreides was going to come and kick Anakin Skywalker's butt?! The very first sentence gets us started on the wrong foot: focusing on OSS for its "free as in beer" promise. No. It's all about freedom. Something Gartner isn't concerned with-it's simply not one of their metrics. Gartner analysts are also influenced by vendors. The marketing folks send their material to Gartner. They can have in-depth discussions of product roadmaps and so forth. This all influences who makes it into Gartner's "magic quadrant" and it's typically not flattering to OSS projects. On a related note, many organizations won't use tools and technologies not endorsed by Gartner. This is why OSS offerings have a difficult time getting traction in the enterprise. I don't think this article is claiming the PC is dead or that there's no need for anyone to do work at their desks using keyboards and large monitors. No, the irrelevance of Microsoft is they no longer influence the market. They are no longer perceived to be the leaders of change. This is quite different from the height of their influence in the 90's. "But buyers first discover their books online only about 17 percent of the time." A greater percentage will discover books online if brick and mortar book stores disappear. Plus there's still the local library, so Amazon may not be quite the death knell for book publishers as this article is making them out to be. You're missing a Ken Iverson language from your list. Might I suggest J? It's unlike anything you've ever seen before, unless you've worked with APL, and it'll give you a whole new perspective on programming. The attack was launched via an infected Word file. You can separate your internal network from the public Internet - which power companies do - but that only reduces your attack surface, it doesn't eliminate it. Attack vectors are still available. John Galt never made it past adolescence. He ultimately used his talents to make the world suffer, all along possessing the wherewithal to make the world a better place. But HE didn't think THEY deserved it. I shudder to think people wanted a John Galt admirer for U.S. Vice President (and were supporting him for that very reason). It seems most people resort to storing time in UTC, but this isn't your only option: any fixed time zone will do. If you're in a corporate setting and the majority of your users are in the same time zone as your servers, then it makes sense to use that time zone. There's fewer date conversions that way. For half the year there will be basically no conversions and for the other half it's a 1 hour DST conversion - which many time handling libraries have optimized (I'm in the United States in an area that observes DST for half the year). A fixed time zone doesn't shift for DST, otherwise it wouldn't be fixed - by definition. All you need is a fixed reference point. There's nothing sacrosanct about UTC. I meant fixed as in unvarying. So we store our time data in EST (UTC-05:00), instead of UTC. For half the year the stored time matches the local time it's to be displayed in and so no conversion is required. The other half of the year when local time is UTC-04:00 we only need to shift the stored time by one hour to display it properly. Many time handling libraries are extremely efficient at adding/subtracting an hour from time. This is important because we have many legacy systems using this data (think mainframe COBOL to today's latest technologies with a smattering of everything in between). So it's not just a single time handling library in use. Interesting that the bank had the most stable interface. They may be boring but they know their customers well and apparently are doing a good job taking care of their needs. In the end that's what it's all about. The most fundamental difference between Google & Apple? With Google you're the product. With Apple you're the customer. It's a subtle, but important, difference. Other than that both are for-profit companies seeking to lock you into their ecosystems as much as they can. And in order to do that they need to compete for customers - who are varied and have different needs and expectations. Some will choose Android, others will choose iOS. Meanwhile the earth will keep turning. Karma is finally biting Microsoft in the ass. Who else remembers the refrain "it ain't done 'til Lotus won't run!" from Microsoft's earlier years? Having said that, I would expect the "do no evil" company - directly referring to not being like Microsoft - to do the right thing, if, in fact Microsoft is being fully forthcoming in stating they have complied with all of Google's objections. In the end, both companies have blemishes and so far I can't determine who's really at fault here. The soap opera will continue, I'm sure. .NET is never a good option to Java. The CLR suffers the same performance issues as the JVM and as noted in the thread above people are starting to migrate back to C++ as a result and yet .NET has the further restriction that it only runs on Microsoft systems. So with .NET I get the disadvantages of Java combined with the restriction of not being to migrate to other platforms. That's not a good deal for the enterprise. What an alarmist headline. A networking study is done, but because they ignored the physics of the actual grid, yielded little or no new information. One of the changes since the 2003 blackout is automation, monitoring, and control for both distribution and transmission. This provides us a near-real time look at the goings on of the grid. As the article notes, we're still learning how to utilize this data to increase grid stability and reliability. In short, the electrical grid is in better shape today than it was in 2003 and we're continuing to make it better. Hardly a grid on the edge of failure. Especially when the LucasFilm Games Group were using this workflow to target the 8 bit machines of the 80's. http://www.langston.com/Papers/vidgam.pdf Illustrating why Google Glass is such a bad idea. In recording their lives people are forgetting to live it. Viva life! Trampolines are okay, but JavaScript still needs an actual TCO. In this blog post http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... I look into the performance of trampolines compared to the normal recursive form. Trampolines perform worse. Moreover, TCO was invented to overcome the performance issues associated with recursive implementations, meaning trampolines perform much worse than TCO. I think they're targeting young customers. Think of all the parents of teens that wouldn't shell out $199 for an iPhone but would happily shell out $99. Neither the kids, nor their parents, are particularly interested in quality and whether this phone has the same value as the 5s. Plus the kids would presumably be attracted to the colors. There's also a strange obsession with bacon, which as a vegetarian, I just don't get. But that's alright, I figure I make up in drinks for what I don't eat of the bacon! But seriously, every conference I've been to has always had 'birds of a feather' or 'gray beard' meetups at night where there's moderate drinking and very good discussions. The Clojure koans are a good place to start - https://github.com/functional-koans/clojure-koans Currently the insurance company does, and since they were most likely selected by your employer whose objective was to hold down costs, what do you think that insurer's priorities are going to be? Plus, who's the customer in this situation? For whose business is the insurance company really working for? Did you check out the author of what you read and what agenda they may have had? Plus the term "some surgeries" is pretty vague, indicative of hand-waving. But consider the alternative - without insurance or money your waiting time for surgery is...forever. All health service is rationed. Our system simply doesn't ration it to those needing it most, instead rationing it to those with the most money. You can see the effects of our system with all the new "designer hospitals" they're building these days. By focusing on the affluent we're pricing health care out of reach of those of modest means. There are reasons health care costs in the United States have been rising several times more than the rate of inflation for the past 30 years. And none of those reasons paint a good portrait of our health care system. You failed to mention the context of that government incentive - World War II. And the incentive you're referring to was put in place by the War Labor Board in 1942, during FDR's presidency. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_Labor_Board It was. But perqs proved popular with employers because their value were hidden from the employees. Thus large employers could use their negotiating power to procure health insurance for their employees at a relatively low cost. They were effectively getting cheaper labor, a huge competitive advantage. The ruse was up once health insurance costs started skyrocketing. "Mr. Needham is not apologetic at all for the shutdown that he sees as regrettable but necessary collateral damage if it focuses the public on the horrors of the health-care law." In other words the ends justifies the means. This is not how laws are to be repealed. If they're successful then a very dangerous precedent will be set. I'm admittedly not the biggest fan of Obamacare in its current form, but these tactics to effectively repeal it without due process unnerves me. It's upon seeing things like this I wonder what I'm doing with my life. Am I really making the world a better place? Am I really making life better? With software? I feel I have so much but have really and truly contributed back so little. Yes - I'm having the same issue. My thoughts exactly. Dart is representative of 90's language design and as such is a step backward. That's not to say JS doesn't have its issues, but Dart isn't the solution. One of the most insightful comments I've read on HN. Love your idea of taking the Unix approach to hardware - don't know enough about hardware hacking to know if that's doable but I like the idea! I've termed this type of development "Maintenance Driven Development" ( http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2012/07/21/maintenance-driven-d... ) Yes, it's a good idea to write unit tests for the existing code base, though be careful with setting unrealistic expectations with regards to test coverage. The goal is to better understand the existing code base and have tests around the most critical parts of functionality to provide evidence they haven't been negatively impacted by the code changes. Mobile desks. Let people move where they want to. If nothing else I get tired of looking at the same walls from the same angle day in and day out. I like variety. Overall though I prefer an open space environment with the ability to periodically go of to a quiet area for deep thinking. Sometimes you just need that solitude to do your best work. When I was growing up it was advised to skip the bread, pasta and potatoes if your goal was to lose weight. Skip being interpreted to limit, not eliminate. This all changed in the 80's when fat became the culprit behind heart disease. Thus began the high-fat, low-carb diet trend we're on now. Now we have the Swedes telling us fat is good for us, actually reducing the risk of heart disease. Seems like my grandma was right all along: watch out for that bread and pasta. I'm an iPhone user and I use the Do Not Disturb feature so only calls from my immediate family will ring through. In the Notification Center I never configure applications to buzz the phone - instead I opt for the application icon to be badged when it has something for me. I think of it as making the phone work for me over my becoming a slave of the phone. PowerShell would have been awesome if it were a proper superset of bash and they released the code under a GPL, Apache or BSD kind of license. The fact this can happen is the problem. Technology enabling such widespread censorship must not be so eagerly adopted. My dad used APL to do CNC programming. I remember reading his APL book as a kid. I could only get so far without having a computer that could run APL (or not having a computer at all since this was the late 70's). Later, I was able to get into a math and science oriented high school where we learned Pascal and 6502 assembly on various Apple II systems. I've been programming ever since. Lately I've been thinking about that APL book. There's a version of APL called J which uses normal ASCII characters that I've been meaning to check out. Maybe 2014 will be the year to do so! IBM has demonstrated the smallest possible working gate. We're still a little ways off from that but - the problem with exponential traversal is you rapidly reach the end of the road. That and the last few iterations of Moore's law are going to be very expensive . It's the economic aspect people are referring to when speaking of Moore's law coming to an end. That's what I was thinking. On the one hand is the C family of languages (C, C++, Java, C#, Go) and then you can get mileage from the Lisp family of languages (Lisp, Scheme, Racket, Clojure) - you can get a lot of languages there but you're still only working within two language families. Throw in some Haskell, Forth, Prolog and now you're getting interesting! This is a load of BS. I know great developers who don't waste their time on sites like GitHub and StackOverflow (that's probably why they're great developers to begin with). I look at it like this - if a prospective company is so clueless they can't discern what a good developer is for their organization then do you want to work for them? How are they going to handle performance reviews? Look at your GitHub contributions? That's your fault for choosing Microsoft as your development platform. You've put them in the driver's seat of your business, which is never a good thing. A developer can get a lot of mileage without knowing much math beyond algebra just as a musician can get a lot of mileage without knowing music theory. In both cases however there's a limit as to how far you can go. If you're content with writing CRUD apps for the rest of your life then yeah, math isn't terribly important. Just because Microsoft dominates the desktop market doesn't mean you have to use their tool chain when developing for it - this is especially true when creating commercial applications, not so much for creating business applications for internal use. Microsoft often places restrictions on their tool chain for marketing rather than technical purposes and if you're a commercial software outfit you should be very wary of using their tool chain for that reason. Yeah, they noted Apple actually improved from last year but everyone else improved even more. Meanwhile we the consumers benefit. I haven't read a John C. Dvorak column for ages! We're talking over 10+ years ago - I'd no idea he was still writing. It'd be hilarious to have Dvorak running GNU/Linux at the end of 2014!!! "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed both nothing and everything. Before my cancer was diagnosed, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn’t know when. After the diagnosis, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn’t know when." Within this passage lies the meaning of life. Bind can also be used to obtain a reference to a function expression in javascript. I exploited that ability in creating an implementation of trampoline in javascript: http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... The one programming language to rule them all that isn't for everyone. I had to laugh at the irony of the juxtaposition of the title and the final sentiment! I like languages so I'll definitely be checking out Julia. Why? What good would a strong Microsoft provide us? What void would that fill? We've been there, done that and frankly, I don't care to go back. They abused their power when they had it and I have no intent of giving it back to them to give them another crack at it. No, I much prefer today's world of Google, Apple, Samsung and FOSS in all its myriad forms battling it out. There's more developer frameworks than ever available to us. More languages. More everything. No. I don't want to go back. There's lots of languages you can use to create iOS applications: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3949995/what-programming-... Android allows you to freely deploy your applications to their devices, while iOS requires a little more work. In neither case do you have to go through their respective stores (I'm thinking enterprise/personal apps here). For commercial sales it's increasingly a moot point: consumers are purchasing apps through app stores regardless of platform. As a developer, I've never felt more free, less beholden to a corporate entity and their hidden agenda, and have an awesome stable of tools and technologies from which I can use to build solutions. It's almost gotten to the point where I have too much choice! And that's awesome! Software architecture is more than having holistic knowledge of development technologies and methodologies, though that is important. Software architecture is concerned with reasoning about systems at the appropriate level of abstraction. The organization's culture, operations environment and individual project requirements guide you in determining what aspects of the system must be reasoned and what can be safely ignored. Knuth called computer programming an "art". By that measure I sometimes think of software architecture as a "dark art"! Dijkstra always contended GOTOs were harmful! In all seriousness it's unfortunate the C family of languages even allow this kind of bug - we've all been bitten by it at one time or another. emacs auto-revert-tail-mode You can tail as many files as you want. The most galling thing is they directed people to use an alternate browser, such as Internet Explorer. I'm sorry - whatever sins Brendan Eich may have committed pale in comparison to the evil Microsoft - THE CORPORATION - has wrought on the world over the course of the past 25 years. Java isn't back, it simply never went away - it's the modern Cobol. It's a good environment for backend development. Free if you need it, support if you want, no vendor lock-in, no platform lock-in, a vibrant open-source community - there's a lot to like about this old dinosaur! You can trampoline without generating a temporary function. See http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... for details. My first thought was this could be a candidate for literate programming ( http://www.literateprogramming.com/ ), but it's hard to parse and doesn't seem practical. Another motivation for currying in JS is to memoize the curried function which I describe in my post http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/11/05/functional-javascrip... I never provided a currying function, thinking there were so many implementations easily available - but I've never seen one as good as what's presented here! I wonder what the implications might be to .NET? There's a large part of it's library that's pretty much lifted straight from Java - both the good and the bad. Flush with success might Oracle go after Microsoft next? The Little Schemer. Fun to read, solidify knowledge of Scheme. If we're going to collect anecdotes then I'll note my 2013 MBP has been running continually for over a year without a panic. I have a 2006 MB and 2008 MB (both still running) each having panicked 2-3 times over their lifetime. I'm a developer, my son is a musician and my wife is a graphics design artist so there's been lots of software thrown at these machines. I blogged about the advantages/disadvantages of trampolines in JavaScript a while back. See http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... . I'm preparing to analyze TCO in ES6. I'll do a write up of my analysis. That's why I always thought it'd be a good idea for Microsoft to expose such a semantic layer via a .NET API. When you can program an Excel sheet using the .NET languages and have access to the broader .NET libraries then all kinds of interesting possibilities start to open up. The fact is business users love Excel and a great number of CRUD applications could be easily built on top of Excel if only we had a reasonable programming environment (keep the VBA, you could create a VBA implementation on top of .NET). That would be win/win for everyone! I agree. Beyond being gay these people are human beings and have accomplished great things, and as such should be defined by their accomplishments rather than their sexual orientation. Until I read this article I didn't know Tim Cook was gay. and until I read your comment I didn't know Peter Thiel was gay. I know these men by their accomplishments, not their sexual orientation. Now that I know their sexual orientation, who cares? As someone pointed out it's as trivial as knowing the name of Tim Cook's dog, if he has one. It's too expensive to migrate all the Chinese government-owned workstations from Windows XP to Windows 8 - to face the prospect of having to do it again in a few years. Many European governments have attempted to abandon Windows with mixed success. It takes a lot of planning, effort and cost and no one knows whether any financial benefits will be realized. They don't even know whether they'll be able to get off the upgrade treadmill. On the other hand if you're going to make the switch now is a really good time. There's a lot of flexibility to be had by replacing aging client/server applications tied to Windows XP with apps having a web front-end. It's a smart move to not tie yourself to a specific client and focus on "any device, any time." We'll see how this plays out. Technology is necessary but not sufficient for building great products and services. What the article didn't mention is people are looking for ways to simplify their lives and manage complexity. They desire simple tools allowing them to easily achieve those aims. I'm wondering how Swift plays into this? Was this time chosen to release Swift to assure IBM's success in meeting these standards? Really makes you wonder about the timing of everything. It's a shame our options have been reduced to a false dichotomy of pay-for software where you have no access to the source, and pay-nothing-for software where all you have is the source. There was supposed to be another option for pay-for software where you have access to the source and may make changes to that source to suite your needs: "free" was supposed to refer to "freedom" and not "cost." But no one seems to have gone that route. Is it just not viable? IBM adopted Java early on as a client side development technology to be used in client/server computing that was so prevalent in the 90s. IBM also had a lot of their customers rebuilding 20-30 year old applications in Java to address Y2K issues. IBM supports Java running on their zSeries and pSeries systems. IBM supports Java applications using JMS over MQSeries to interoperate with legacy applications and supports Java accessing DB2 databases. IBM even has tools to allow COBOL copybooks to be exposed as web services, which Java can then easily consume. There's still a ton of legacy COBOL applications and thanks to IBM, Java can interoperate with that legacy code and extend its functionality. And it's not all about IBM either. Obviously Oracle, another enterprise favorite, is playing in the Java space these days and provide an application server, WebLogic, along with great support for accessing Oracle's RDBMs from Java. Oracle also has several industry vertical solutions all based on Java. Finally there's Red Hat. Lots of enterprises run RHEL when running a Linux server and their JBoss application server is highly regarded. Java then offers enterprises a lot of flexibility. There's multiple vendors from which they can choose to procure application servers, there's little risk of platform lock-in, they can fully interoperate with legacy applications and there's a ton of reasonable cost developers available - who are mostly happy with a language that's fairly modern. There's actually quite a bit for an enterprise to like about Java. I work for a large enterprise company and we're using Docker in our Continuous Integration environment to unit test components needing to run on an application server. We have an eye to using Docker to manage production migration - ultimately we want to be migrating containers into production rather than software. We're not there yet, but we're working on it. I'm not a fan of TDD either, but I am a practitioner of what I've dubbed "Maintenance Driven Development" which I've blogged about here: http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2012/07/21/maintenance-driven-d... Bottom line: I prefer writing as few tests as possible to ensure the quality of the code and Maintenance Driven Development is a practical method for achieving that. Timezones are fairly simple to handle, it's Daylight Saving Time that brings an inordinate amount of difficulty. Some timezones observe DST, some do not. The switchover to/from DST is at different dates for different timezones - often even different dates for different years in the same timezone! DST makes date/time calculations extremely difficult and error prone. Eliminating DST would be a huge step to bringing some level of normalcy back to time. A country the size of China with the technical expertise available to them can create an open stack that they can manage and control. They already have several hardware manufacturers in their territory to make any hardware they may need. I honestly don't see why they would ever have been buying Apple and Microsoft products in the first place, and I'm an American.