Seems everyone wants their 'I told you so' moment. Why can't we just accept that web 2.0 and these high valuations aren't going away? But why is this important? Can't computers already do this? Even my 1978 TI pocket calculator can do logs very fast. It's not like this is an important unsolved mathematics puzzle. As lot of people are saying that, but the empirical evidence suggests that the valuations, as high as they are, are remarkably sticky. I can only name two web 2.0 duds, zynga and fab, but the rest of the unicorns have either held their value or keep rising. It's not like Uber or Snapchat will become the next friendster and myspace. The failure rate for the $40-90 million valuation range seems much higher than the >$1 billion. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ link to source. for some reason they don't allow hyperlinks in post body Buying cattle futures seems like a good idea nowadays students will just google it and see that is unsolved let it go, man. You keep belaboring the point Everyone talks about McDonald's like they are doing something wrong, but as evidenced by the recent strong performance of the stock price, they are doing exactly what Wall St. expects, which is to provide mass-produced , uninteresting food to billions of consumers all over the world, which is a very profitable business and they have returned billions to shareholders in the form of a very high dividend. You cannot compare McDonald's with Chipotle or Shake Shack..it's a completely different business model and economy of scale. McDonald's is not dead, dying , or going away..they are just being McDonald's, that all. at least a couple years of calculus and linear algebra You look at some of the biggest success of our post-2008 economy - namely web 2.0 companies like snapchat, uber, tinder - and you see they typically involve introverts who are getting very rich very quickly. Being alone is not just a way to save money or find inner peace, but - in the Silicon Valley at least - a possible pathway to riches and fame. Although my opinion is unsubstantiated, the biggest problem is the barrier of knowledge : it takes longer and longer to familiarize yourself with an increasingly growing body of literature. Second, the low-hanging fruit tends to be picked, leaving researchers fighting for the few undiscovered scraps the remain. Third, papers are getting longer and more technical, with more data and co-authors. Forth, much longer approval times, high submission fees, and much higher rejection rates. Research seems to be a team effort now, of many people collaborating over years to publish papers that are very lengthy and technical that reflect only incremental progress in a field. yeah..observational discoveries are mostly luck, versus the hard, technical skill required to derive something like an equation. the quants who study this stuff find that first-day performance is not always predictive of future success/failure. For every Zynga burnout, you have stocks like Zen Desk, Linkedin or Google that keep going up after their IPO pop. Still a big fan of notepad. Uses very little memory, but you must not forget to save periodically. Powerpoint is only as good as the content behind the slides They fucked up big time. That's what people said about Facebook in 2006 when they turned down the Yahoo offer. I predict Snapchat is going to be a dominant player in mobile advertising, like Facebook and Google. I wish I could invest in it now, even at this high valuation. Also extremely bullish on Tinder and Pinterest. But snapchat has huge unlocked revenue potential. they can 'flip' a switch and instantly monetize those millions of users by launching an advertising platform similar to the one Google and Facebook has. Facebook deliberately waited years before generating meaningful revenue, so did Google. digg never got big enough. Pinterest, Whatsapp are intentionally delaying revenue generation to build the userbase, a common strategy and not at all proof that they cannot monetize. that's why it has the valuation it has. the valuation is pricing in the potential . People thought Google and Facebook would not deliver, but they did. Maybe snapchat will, but maybe not. I think they will. The methodology and reasoning behind this study is dubious at best. http://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=myspace%2C%20facebook... If google trends is of any predictive value, Uber and Instagram should not exist (or at least be worse than myspace). The keyword 'snapchat' also shows near zero volume. Ultimately, I think this whole debate on wages, STEM, wealth inequality, and automation boils down to IQ. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ IMHO, people are falling behind because of low IQs and the winner-take-all economy that enriches some, but doesn't leave a whole lot for everyone else. Today’s hyper-meritocracy is amplifying the socioeconomic ramifications of individual cognitive differences such that a person with an IQ >110 is much more likely to succeed than someone with an IQ The solution, on the other hand, -I don't know. No one really knows, and that's why this is such a big debate. So many people realize that this is one of the most pressing issues of the 21st century. How are we going to develop a compromise or solution that handles automation-related jobs loss and inequality. Some propose a basic income; others want redistribution; others wants more spending on education, and so on... From students fresh out of college and in debt, to people looking for jobs, or people who have been laid-off, we're all a part of this debate. Economics is not just for economists - now more than ever we all experience it in our everyday lives. The decoupling is also obvious when comparing advanced degree employment and income versus those with only high school or 'some college'. It's also pronounced between majors, with STEM earning more. these trends have accelerated since 2008. ill-managed prosperity Who do you propose manage it? That seems overbearing, to assume that some entity can do a better job managing the wealth of those who earned it. Wealth inequality will always be with us, just as it has all throughout history. In a free market, bad decisions are punished through the loss of wealth. Thee cause was probably a combination of speculation, leverage, overbuilding, and so on. No one really knows the exact trigger, but a popular opinion seems to be that the Smoot–Hawley Tariff Act made it worse -although even that is debated. The stock market crash lead to margin calls and the sudden evaporation of millions of dollars of wealth and that probably triggered a cascade effect, as business obligations could not be met due to the sudden loss of wealth. Kurzweil's argument is that the acceleration of the acceleration is increasing ..there is a math proof of this somewhere, but can;t find it We've lost that ability in any meaningful capacity. Lumber Liquidators stock fell 80% on the management's bad decision to use crappy Chinese flooring, so that is one example of bad decisions leading to loss of wealth. If there is any justice, maybe he'll get a pardon in 20-30 years for good behavior. The government said they identified six individuals who overdosed and died of drugs they purchased on Silk Road. The parents of two of those individuals—25-year-old Bryan B. from Boston and 16-year-old Preston B. from Perth, Australia—spoke at Friday’s sentencing, pleading emotionally to the judge to give Mr. Ulbricht a harsh sentence. More people die of prescription and OTC drugs. Who wants to be a Starbucks-Crypto millionaire wow considering how long this has gone on, there must have been a handful of people who made a lot of money doing this. A starbucks giftcard is almost like a currency . I wonder if walmart cards have a similar vulnerability Subcultures are dead. I plan to write a full obituary soon. Subcultures were the main creative cultural force from roughly 1975 to 2000, when they stopped working. Why? Dead? I think not. What about the whole NRX Silicon Valley techno-libertarian sub-culture, which came into preeminence in 2008? How about selfie culture? Or STEM culture, or how STEM seems to have become the new 'cool' or celebrity status, especially with the show The Big Bang Theory being so popular? There will always be fads, sub-cultures, movements. Also add: the Red Pill movement , PUA, MGTOW, manosphere, men's rights as new movements/subcultures It's vague to encourage discussion , contemplation the writing has to be somewhat vague in order to get people talking about it, and the author succeeded as evidenced by it being here . The 250 inmates here are locked in their cells for 12 hours a day. But those cells are private rooms, with wood furniture, a shower, a fridge and a flat-screen TV. hmmm...Private rooms could be part of the problem. Isolation can create psychosis. Maybe 12 hours a day is good enough, but I think total isolation should be avoided whenever possible, or let prisoners choose whether or not to be isolated. Integrating prisoners saves money and makes then happier. But these are probably among worst offenders given that there are only 250. Matt actually thinks that allowing the short selling of hot web 2.0/app companies could actually make prices go lower, but in actually it tends to be the opposite as short sellers have to scramble to buy back the shares in panic as prices keep going up. Oh, you think snapchat is a bubble at $4 billion..now it's worth $40 billion. Enjoy your 900% loss. Remember the Porsche/Volkswagen short squeeze fiasco? Apple is the biggest indirect vector of malware..not apple itself but all these naive users. Think of all the tens of millions of people who downloaded malware infested iphone modifications..mindblowing Bring back the cubicles. Open offices are done not for collaboration and openness, but done to save money I have never heard of getting drench by a folded umbrella..lol. A solution in need of a problem I have never heard of getting drench by a folded umbrella..lol One possible solution is cognitive screening - the use of tests such as the Wonderlic, SAT/ACT, or Wechsler to find prospective employees who can learn quickly and have good critical thinking skills (and thus would benefit the most from on-site training for technical tasks. training obviously costs money), but unfortunately something called 'disparate impact' makes this difficult to implement, so employers instead have to let colleges do the screening, turning an advanced degree into a very overpriced, time consuming 'IQ test'. Some people are more concerned about hurt feelings than providing equal opportunities. The 'logic' is if the tests expose a reality that isn't politically correct, we must do away with the test, so the result is more student loan debt, a worse labor market, and more credentialism. Trying disprove disparate impact can be time-consuming and expensive, especially with the litigation, and that's why only large companies and municipalities can use these tests. One problem according to business surveys is the skills mismatch, which is that employers can't find enough qualified employees to fill open spots. Maybe the labor market would be better if these tests were made more readily available so employers can find talent that would benefit the most from on-site training, but most businesses don't have the resources to disprove disparate impact should a lawsuit arise, nor the compiled data to show there isn't discriminatory hiring . Even if the plaintiff's case is without merit, it still costs the employer time and money to disprove the case. And it's not like the defendant can recover from a frivolous lawsuit. Everyone says it's a bubble and yet seven years later, since 2008, I can only think of three major VC implosions off the top of my head: fab.com, zynga, and groupon. Fab was a train-wreck that anyone with a pulse could have seen coming. Zynga... way too dependent on Facebook and a fad. Groupon is the better of the three, only seeing its valuation fall from $30 billion to just $4 billion - but still well over $1 billion. These valuations, as lofty as they seem, ain't goin' lower. People keep saying we're in a bubble and yet seven years later, since 2008, I can only think of three major VC implosions off the top of my head: fab.com, zynga, and groupon. Fab was a train-wreck that anyone with a pulse could have seen coming. Zynga... way too dependent on Facebook and a fad. Groupon is the better of the three, only seeing its valuation fall from $30 billion to just $4 billion - but still well over $1 billion. These valuations, as lofty as they seem, are not falling. It's kinda weird, but not surprising considering how much wealth is circulating in the silicon valley. Then you look at twitter and it held up very well after its IPO despite its very high valuation. The problem with using the past to predict the future is that there are often subtleties that can produce wildly diverging outcomes. These app & web 2.0 companies seem to be doing something right to avoid the valuation chopping block that afflicted so many of the earlier internet startups. web 2.0 companies retain value better than a CD lol One reason why app companies, as opposed to sites that that sell physical stuff, are doing so well is that they have better profit margins and can use network effects for added growth. It's license to print money..these card offers pay enormous commissions because they will make even more money from the applicants Profitably has never been the most pressing concern for these growth companies. Amazon went 20 years before turning a consistent profit, so it's not like there is a well-defined upper-limit where profitability is mandatory. Amazon made a trade-off choosing revenue over profitability, and that's what investors want. Investors care less about actual profits than the ability to prove profits can be generated. Once it's demonstrated/proven that profits can be attained, investors become extremely patient. As long as potential profits keep rising, the enterprise value will rise, and investors will be happy. This is not the Warren Buffett approach, obviously, but that doesn't make it necessarily wrong or invalid. It's consistent within the theory of rational expectations. It's more like 10 years if you include Facebook - that's an entire business cycle, or about the same duration as the 1990-2000 internet boom. But in siding with Andreessen and others, I think this one has further to run. But I am pessimistic about the hardware unicorns (fitbit, skullcandy, jawbone) as opposed to the app/website ones, so It's not like I am emphatically bullish about everything. http://greyenlightenment.com/billion-dollar-startup-club-pic... Look at companies like Uber, Whats-app, Dropbox, Snapchat, Instagram...these aren't flashes in the pan, but are ecosystems harnessing hundreds of millions of people. These companies are creating entire infrastructures and industries. Facebook, Twitter and Instagram pretty created the entire mobile advertising market. Uber is revolutionizing transportation. that is the least of the article's problem. The whole premise is flawed. I don't mean to sound too dismissive, but this article is bunkum. SO I guess by the author's logic, Michael Bloomberg's net worth is zero because Bloomberg LP never went public? The private market is illiquid, but fundamentals will always trump liquidity. If you own equity, that equity - assuming there is no dilution or deterioration in the fundamentals of the underlying business - is wealth. Employee stock options are a different matter, but deep in the money options are essentially as good as partial ownership. it may be harder to assess valuation in a private market, but it's done nonetheless. exactly..fundamentals will always trump liquidity The joke is on anyone who invested in this company, thinking it would be even 1/100 a successful as Facebook. Remember bebo? insurance, zoning what happened to him? Did he continue to trade? Hmm, but the Flynn effect is endogenous, meaning that while IQs may be higher, IQ scores don't rise throughout the persons's life to suggest exogenous factors, only over many generations of testing. So the quote about the physicist is true, but in future generations, assuming the Flynn Effect holds, we may have more people with the cognitive capacity to become physicists. I think another problem is that bear markets tend to be briefer and more erratic than bull markets, making your odds worse. The serial, consistent returns being long in bull market aren't as consistent as being short in a bear market. In bear markets it may just be best to sit it out. I'm sure fraud & waste exists in all mediums of advertising $7 billion over meany years, while it seems like a lot, is still just a small amount of the total advertising online market The figure may still be exaggerated and more research is needed. It could include things that are mistankingly called 'fraud' but instead if a misunderstanding of terminology In a free market, online advertising fraud would depress prices as advertisers pay less due to worse results. If advertisers were getting 100% human traffic, rates would go up, making the ads more expensive. So in the long-run it balances out. But on an individual level it sucks getting scammed. When people bemoan how things were cheaper back in an earlier time, they are often forgetting to take into account: CPI Inflation (when adjusted for inflation, these 'cheap' things are often as expensive as they are today) this is seen with the movie ticket example http://greyenlightenment.com/debunking-the-gold-standard/ Maybe some things are a little more expensive, but it pretty much all evens-out. Improved Utility (you get a better product despite the higher nominal price) New products (your dollar buys things that didn't even exist even as early as generation ago) Expenditures such as food & energy constitutes a smaller percentage of income than generations ago. Public markets are rational. Tech stock performance has been strong but is driven by strong revenue growth and good business fundamentals generally speaking. I agree completely. That right there is worthy of an article. Fitbit went public two weeks ago and has a PE ratio of only 25 right now, and that is after a 30% pop in price. If this were the 90's it would have gone public with a PE of 300 or some crazy high number. Despite the high prices, markets are much more sober. I'm rationally optimistic. yeah, without percentages it all looks the same . Series A could be the same percentage as B Yeah, that statement is pretty loaded, the subject of dozens pf PHD dissertations alone. I do think Fred is right, but it requires looking looking at the EMF in a slightly different way than most people understand it. The market is 99% efficient. 1% is what could give some traders who have real skill an edge, such as the Warren Buffets and like. Most people would agree the markets are mostly efficient in that the market react to news quickly, and that most people who try to beat the market using a 'system' (fundamental analysis, quantitative analysis, technical analysis, or other) fail to do so. But my interpretation of the EMH doesn't preclude the possibility that markets can occasionally exhibit inefficient behavior. It's just that the inefficiencies, when they arise, aren't big enough or occur consistently enough to allow the aggregate of firms to beat some 'rate' of return. This rate could be the risk free interest rate or the S&P 500 dividend yield, or some other benchmark. The EMH is predicated upon random-walk theory, in which theoretically any 'walk' is possible, including even a perfectly strait line for a near-infinite duration of time. I wonder if this has anything to do with prices being grotesquely overextended? It's not normal for a market to double in less than a year when inflation is otherwise low. I think this is similar to the scalar theory of the stock market, which uses scale invariant geometric objects to represent stock market emery levels http://greyenlightenment.com/sornette-vs-taleb-debate/ Sornette’s 2013 TED video, in which he predicts an imminent stock market crash due to some ‘power law’, is also wrong because two years later the stock market has continued to rally. You write on your blog: These kinds of crashes are not caused by external events or bad players–they are endemic to all markets and result from the cooperative actions of all participants. Easier said than done. I don't think the log periodic theory is a holy grail to making money in the market. There are too many instances here it has failed, but you cherry-picked a single example with bitcoin where it could have worked. A lot of Reddit users forget or don;t realize that Reddit is a business, not a non-profit. For all we know, it may not have been Ellen's fault...a lot of people jumping the gun So in other words, an asset class that has been run-up very quickly is falling very quickly. The media acts like this is unusual, when those who actually study markets see that it happens all the time. no, because it said splcenter.org Here we go again What's being ignored is that the odds of your company becoming the next Air BNB or even 1/100 as successful as Air BNB are pretty slim. I dunno what the stats on y combinator is, but I imagine the vast majority of start-ups are will never be sold for over $100 million But I wish I were there, no doubt. I like the idea and I would have pitched then $10k as throwaway money and be a millionaire 100 times over. Most investors are not that good. Look at the stats that show money mangers lag the market. I would have funded Air BNB because it's very scalable, it fills a large market, and seemed to have very low initial costs. It's not like they needed a huge infrastructure to get it going. Air BNB is like a middleman, kinda like Ebay. There is a major reason for this: Obamacare Small companies are more reluctant to hire for fear of having to pay employee insurance if they have over 50 employees, under the employer mandate. Other factors include the inexorable trend towards more efficiency and productivity. These are forces beyond anyone's control. Then you have huge competition for for even low-level service jobs, leaving many job seekers with no option but to choose 'gig' jobs. But you also have instances of people making more money with gig jobs than they would have in a regular job. Some people also hold gig jobs and regular jobs. While progress may seem slower, we have a lot more people working on these unsolved problems. Also there is the fusion of abstract math and physics, which creates thousands of 'physicists' out of unwitting mathematicians. Due to the physical limitations of experiments, most forthcoming progress in physics will be purely abstract. But just because we can't test some of these theories doesn't mean we should disregard though, provided there are as few logical inconsistencies as possible. Gmail is terrible in so many ways - Being randomly locked out of your account, the clunky user-unfriendly interface, the difficulty of marking certain senders as spam, ... How to get a job at Google: add annoying stuff no one asked for, ignore requests users want Giving away your work can be the prelude to finding paying customers but you can get a distribution more similar to a power law but using a log normal distribtion wonder why this story hasn't gotten more up-votes or comments. I wonder how some like Mr. Tao learns things...he must be able to grasp complicated things nearly instantly I wonder if employees will start treating stat-ups like VCs do, by joining many firms for fractional equity of a single employee. yeah..and that's why verbal scores are lower than math ones lol I initially thought it was a bug bounty this is interesting, but also I'm curious how a week-old blog on a old school blogger template with only two posts got noticed so fast? index allocation as a % of total assets will keep rising, but total assets will also keep rising.. That means individual stocks will still have price discovery despite a futuristic scenario where 99% of all money is indexed. The mechanism for how this leads to collusion is unclear. what matters is the cash flow. Amazon is cash flow positive meaning that their operations are very profitable, but they are reinvesting this profits into the business why does walmart occasionally pay $100,000 in an injury lawsuit from tacking a shoplifter who stole $10 of stuff? because the accumulative effects of doing nothing will cost far more than $100,000 I am doubtful that one of these boot-campers will be as good as someone with 10+ years of coding experience, so there will still be a wage premium for the most competent of coders Yea, this article would have been applicable in 1998, but not so much today. Even domain names are becoming antiquated, with everything moving to apps and cloud. The most popular blogs I read are still hosted on blogspot and wordpress...Having a good domain won't save your business if the execution and other aspects are flawed. For entrepreneurs, the domains name should be the least concern. exactly ..people go to the app store. Few ever go to snapchat.com They hear about it on Facebook, on twitter, the press, through word of mouth must be killing it with that huge insurance ad That's why it's smart that millennials are living with their parents longer, using the saved $ to eventually buy a home instead of making the landlord rich. It's not immaturity - it's adaptation. People on the left-side of the bell curve are the most impressionable to advertising and are are also the least likely to install adblock. so not a problem. On his Reddit account, he writes: Jews aren't white or human, despite being Jewish himself. Makes me wonder how many internet white nationalists are in person self-hating minorities But this big story is the thwarted bomb attack, which is why he was arrested. The trolling is secondary. Maybe that's why so many millennials are living at home, or why the stigma of not leaving the nest is gone http://greyenlightenment.com/why-millennials-are-still-livin... why make the landlord rich when you can use the saved money by living at home to build your own financial future The iPhone in your pocket has more computing power than the Voyager spacecraft that left the solar system two years ago Sigh..people who use this example don't understand engineering. The Voyager doesn't need much power to do its job. An iPhone needs a lot of power to surf the web and play videos. An iphone also has more computing power than a Casio watch that you can buy a Walmart, because the watch doesn't need much power to merely display the time. It also has more computing power than a traffic light. As for R&D, another possibility is that universities and small companies may be compensating for R&D stagnation in bigger companies. Many bigger companies acquire small innovative firms instead of doing the research all themselves. I've heard this argument many times; investment involves risk, potentially 100% of invested capital or more, unlike a paycheck. exactly. it punishes risk takers. But PE ratios today, unlike in the late 90's, are not that high. Stocks, especially large cap technology and large-cap consumer like Nike and Disney, may still be a good value short sellers who don't understand the subtlety between 'cash from operations' vs. 'net income ' the critics of string theory need to consider this, instead of just dismissing the theory as un-testable this is fine if you have f-u money, but for everyone else it sucks Your online presence is becoming your new, indelible permanent record. Anything incriminating, so long as it’s archived on a major search engine or social network, can and will come back to hurt you. The rich, such as Rap Genius co-founder Mahbod Moghadam who was fired from the annotation service after posting comments about Elliot Rogers, don’t have to worry so much about the consequences of reckless online behavior because they at least retain their equity in the said company, so being fired is just like a permanent vacation. Now the 9-5er who gets fired only has unemployment to fall back on. Much worse. But those online comments will also hurt your future job prospects, leaving you with no recourse but to request they be removed (fat chance) or pay inordinate amounts of money to a reputation firm to bury the results. If you’re really smart and talented your skills may be so valuable and rare that employers may overlook your past transgressions. So we see with the abnegation of privacy and anonymity, like most changes of the post-2008 economy, primarily impact those who are the most vulnerable, and there’s nothing anyone can or will do about it. The only solution is be careful what you post on Facebook, Twitter or elsewhere, and if someone slanders you, there isn’t much you can do that won’t cost a lot of money and time. Email subscription popups ...those are annoying probably due to metabolism more so than activity To call it 'dangerous' is a bit of a stretch..maybe annoying. The easiest detection system is that the tweets of an account with a lot of fake followers will have very little, if any, interaction . I'm kinda irked stuff like this makes to arxiv but you still need the 'two referrals' system to upload stuff. I can't image the worst math paper is much worse than this. lol if it's so easy, I implore you to create a Twitter competitor... and to make your challenge easier, instead of it being worth $20 billion, we'll lower the bar to, say, $150 million. It's already been done..every major web 2.0 success has many clones that all tried but failed to gain the necessary momentum and marketshare to become as successful as Twitter or Dropbox, for example. Even Evernote, despite all the attention and funding it has gotten, is stuck in the ruts. Yes, the coding part can be replicated, but getting the users and traction is the hardest part. I wonder when the earliest this could have been feasible on a web browser You got to have balls of steel to short a company like Twitter. I would rather short oil, gas, or commodity companies . Facebook stock, for example, is up 200% since 2012, leaving a lot of shorts burned in the process who thought it was overvalued. the ability to turn txt into a diagram is intriguing I suspect it's a memory problem, but I just noticed this about 2 days ago and is there a way to make chrome not do this? I like having many tabs open All subjects took a benchmark cognitive test, a kind of modified I.Q. test, at the beginning and at the end of the study. Although improvements were observed in every cognitive task that was practiced, there was no evidence that brain training made people smarter. Scores on the benchmark test, for which subjects could not train, did not significantly increase at the end of the study. That's what I suspected. that's why awhile ago I proposed the high-IQ basic income. It's like a government Mensa that pays its members. But it would also be very un-egalitarian there already exist methods to generate skewed distributions that are very similar to the ones shown in the article. not sure how this is new. Skewed distributions arise form a more general case of the normal distribution but with added parameters or the use of special functions It's written in the first person, and he's describing the findings. How else should he have written it? His mistake was answering the officer's initial questions. You are under no obligation to talk to the police if questioned. If the officer has sufficient reason to believe you're guilty (such as witnessing a crime), he will simply arrest you on the spot and talking won't do any good. Second, I see a subtle racial angle to this, and as a white person I too have been stopped by the police several times. White police are not singling out black people. getting barraged by dovecotes but will not remove the post because I think it is still helpful, or at least encourage discussion about the matter A top link on HN must send an enormous amount of traffic...has anyone ran a study as to how many hits it generates? I'm guessing a couple hundred thousand if it stays on the front page for a day. We couldn't start the level: This level has been locked by a different server. (Sorry if this happened accidentally as a result of a server crash -- it will clear up in an hour.) Refresh page to check if server is down? I have read this is not possible, because most of the loans are guaranteed by the federal government. For-profit colleges could make good shorts, but those stocks have already been hammered a lot. for-profit colleges profit That's what I'm doing now for all my other Wikipedia sandboxes. I just assumed it was safe up there, and it was for almost 2 years, until I checked recently. People lose money in the market because of bad timing (buying high selling low) and poor strategy (buying energy stocks in 2014, for eample), not because of dark polls and stuff like that. the pdf to the paper: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.02683v1.pdf The amount of background research required to even try to understand this is immense It's just nuts. How does one begin to put the pieces together It's not like they don't have enough ads on the article pages themselves. I'm sure they are extremely profitable with all those ads plastered everywhere, with enough ads that it slows the browser. I hope LinkedIn and Quora contributors gains more traction, because the user experience is much better for the reader. Facebook is another example of a company that is extremely profitable while running ads that are not too obtrusive or annoying. Mathematically speaking though, Michael Berry's success may have been more to do with luck than skill: 1. Nowadays, options are priced in such a manner that the expected value of buying OTM hedges is almost always negative. This is due to the inflated volatility for out-of-money put options and other factors. 2. It just so happened that the subprime mortgage meltdown coincided with his career; for the period between 1935-2007, his strategy would not have worked. It also would not have worked between 2008-present. (maybe it worked have worked in 1987, so we're talking three instances out of a century). Right now, the evidence suggests bank have reformed their lending practices, with higher credit scores for new homeowners, so the odds of another financial meltdown are slim. 3. The fed balance sheet is big, but interest rates are very low. The fed has posted a large profit , a 30% gain in 2015 for a profit over over $100 billion, which is sent back to the treasury http://money.cnn.com/2015/03/20/investing/fed-profit-balance... And the evidence due to the mathematics of the yield curve and the composition of the fed's holdings suggests the the odds of the fed losing money on it holdings is very low: http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2011/04/11/odds-of-fed-losing... “Short-term interest rates would have to rise rapidly to quite high levels — in the neighborhood of 7% — for the Fed’s interest expenses to surpass its interest income. Such an outcome appears very unlikely,” the paper said. In the event that the Fed did face a loss, it could simply hand no money back to the Treasury and, “in the most extreme case, future remittances would also be reduced (and recorded as a change in deferred credit), but the Fed’s capital base and financial position still would remain completely secure.” Japan has a much bigger debt, they seem to be doing fine. Low interest and srong dollar is due to reserve currency status, flight to safety, emerging market weakness, commodity weakness, petro dollar, the large size of the US economy, and other factors. " The zero interest-rate policy broke the social contract for generations of hardworking Americans who saved for retirement, only to find their savings are not nearly enough." But the evidence actually shows that a better returns can be had with stocks than cash (bills). Even with rates at 4%, stocks way outperform cash: http://www.skepticmoney.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/1802-... Putting cash into a bank is a poor way to save for retirement, if past performance is any clue. The 'hardworking person' saving for retirement by stashing all his money in the bank may more myth than reality. The majority of Americans have little savings, so the difference between 0% rates and 4% is immaterial if your expenses exceed your income. http://www.gobankingrates.com/savings-account/62-percent-ame... The problem is not that interest rates are too low, but rather people suck at personal fiance. But on the other had, the Paradox Of Thrift suggests that it's 'good' for the economy that too people don't save too much. Those who have more wealth put it in stocks, bonds, or index funds. They seldom keep it in cash. cooperate profits are at record highs. A bond crisis would require either a crash in profits or a spike in rates, neither which show any signs of occurring. Contrary to popular belief, a lot of pundits were actually bearish on housing in 2005-2007. Given the enormity of the crash, it makes these predictions seem more prescient than they really were, but such predictions were hardly unique. A Google headline search from 2004-2007 shows many calls for a bubble or crash in housing. Also, the vast majority of pundit predictions are wrong (like all those predictions between 2009-present for the stock market to crash and or for a double dip recession). Being right once is hardly a reprieve. I just bought my palo alto house http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/monopoly/images/4/4b/Mon... there is a lot more at play here than NIMBY-ism http://greyenlightenment.com/why-bay-area-real-estate-keeps-... The trend is that wealth inequality will become almost the same as IQ inequality. IQ is more much important today than a generation ago in influencing individual economic outcomes. 100 years ago in an economy dominated by manual labor, the difference between a 90 IQ and 120 IQ wasn't that important, but now it is. Small observation: why title the file re.html? Why not just spell fragmentation? Is there a reason to do it this way? Why .html? Doesn't that make it hard to update all the pages at once such as menus and footers? The design is very minimalist, but it's effective. We're definitely in a winner-take-all economy, whether it's real estate, stocks, the dominance of companies like Google, amazon, and amazon, or web 2.0 valuations. In the early 20th century, big companies were synonymous with efficiency. In the late 20th century they were synonymous with inefficiency. To some extent this was because the companies themselves had become sclerotic. But it was also because our standards were higher. ------------------------------------ Huh? His memory must have stopped in 2000 at the peak of the dotcom bubble. Everything has become much more efficient (both in the stock market and in corporate america) and competitive, with droves of college graduates applying for jobs that can be completed by a high-school dropout. The author mentions the worst companies that even I, web 2.0 bull, would never invest in http://greyenlightenment.com/billion-dollar-startup-club-pic... He mentions box.net but ignores dropbox. No mention of Air BNB, Uber, Snapchat, Slack. Although these aren't public, there is an investor bias against hardware, but such a bias is warranted given the storied history of once high-flying hardware companies eventually soaking investors due to profit margin compression, competition, or becoming fads or obsoleted, examples being Sony, Atari, Garmin, Nintendo, Sega, Fitbit, Nokia, Motorola, Gopro, Jawbone, Skull Candy, Research in Motion, and many more. Yeah, there is valuation pressure, but for companies that aren't very good. This is evidence investors are becoming smarter and more selective, whereas in the 90's a company like Fitbit would have had a PE ratio of 500 instead of 50, which is what it is right now. Valuations were indiscriminate, meaning that companies with really bad fundamental were valued very richly, although the worst of these companies like Pets.com and The Globe tended to fizzle quickly. Better ones like Infospace and AOL held up longer, but too, eventually succumbed when the hype died. The one for Square is off just 20% from the private round vs. Dec. 31st close. It hasn't really moved that much. Way too soon to assume it's under pressure. Most of the valuations gains were made in the years leading up to the IPO, as companies are going public later and later. That could explain why some of the post-IPO gains seem stunted. even though I'm a 'free market' guy, nice to see action being taken against pseudoscience. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/brain-training-doe... http://greyenlightenment.com/brain-training-doesnt-make-you-... 'Brain training' no better than 'penis enhancement'...just as dubious believe it or not, being sued by a private entity is actually worse than having the IRS after you. Not to downplay the IRS, but some of the fears of the IRS tend to be exaggerated and sensationalized. Pop culture an the media has done a good job instilling fear in the IRS, but reality paints a more pleasant picture. Another possibility is that the writer doesn't actually know if something is certain or not. What if you don't know something for certain? Isn't some discretion needed? Humility is being open the possibility of being wrong. writing, repetition, and reminding seem helpful. Sounds like goalpost moving, where slightly mediocre growth becomes a 'depression' The 2008 recession, while deep and sudden, was narrow, only lasting about 16 months until growth picked up, where it has remained. Hardly a decade. Also, the authors seem to be cherry picking the bad data (weak wage growth, China, shrinking labor force) and ignoring the good data such as exports, consumer spending, robust S&P 500 profits & earnings, technological innovation, stock market gains, etc. Right now, we’re in a Goldilocks economy of modest growth, no stagnation, tame inflation, and no meaningful economic headwinds. Some pundits like Summers and Krugman bemoan how America’s economic growth is too anemic, especially compared to the 40′s and 50′s, and that its best days are behind it, but as I show here and in the graph below, US GDP growth has broken from the pack, since 2008 exceeding pretty much all g-20 nations. Yeah, 2-3% GDP growth ain’t great, but compared to pretty much everywhere else that has either no growth (Japan, UK, France) or high-inflation growth (Turkey, India, Brazil) – it’s pretty good. source: http://greyenlightenment.com/america-is-not-in-decline-long-... And that is especially impressive for an economy as large as America. We’re never going to get back to 40′s era growth, and that’s fine. Law of large numbers and diminishing returns. It’s harder to grow an economy that is 5x larger at the rate it was growing when it was 5x smaller. Post-2008 GDP growth is pretty much back to the historical average, or at least back to where it was in the late 90′s and 2000′s. Not hyper-speed growth, but certainty not recessionary. Recent real GDP (below) doesn’t differ too much from historical performance: http://i.imgur.com/znVtqaH.jpg Real US GDP growth is roughly back to where it was between 1997-2007, and no one was complaining about stagnation back then. depression/recession has now been redefined to mean 'economy is not how we want it to be' Entitlement spending is so high that it almost acts like a UBI. http://thf_media.s3.amazonaws.com/infographics/2014/12/CP-Fe... The lowest quintile of households have a negative effective tax rate. http://krusekronicle.typepad.com/kruse_kronicle/images/2008/... A UBI without preconditions would just compound existing spending. Forbes is like a for-profit Wikipedia. Impossible to not see a Forbes result after when you do a google search. I think I saw a Forbes result when looking up some obscure string theory query. They are everywhere now. Like a kudzu. Their gateway pages are annoying, and I'm surprised they don't run afoul of Google's SEO guidelines. Give that their articles are everywhere when you go a google search, I'm sure they are making wheelbarrows full of money, even if the 'brand' suffers a bit. Print magazines written by professionals have been in decline for while now. User-generated content of mediocre quality is where it is now. That is the business model that makes the most money Probably the best way to defeat ad blockers is to make the ads as unobtrusive and un-annoying possible. Facebook seems to have succeeded at this . Mobile adverting may also be more resistant to ad blocking. I think it's cookie based. If you can insert the' welcome cookie' using a cookie editor , that may work. I don't seethe welcome screen when I visit Forbes on my main browser. But I see it on a new window with cookies cleared. It's simple Ideas like these that succeed. Imgur succeeded because other image sharing sites (at the time) were so awful, requiring registration, captchas, or being low and buggy. Also, being integrated by Reddit helped a lot, and the demise of other meme sites around 2013. Businessinsider is a notorious click-bait aggregator, spinning minutia into hype. Reminds be of the Uber California court report they hyped last year, which predictably didn't really anywhere http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/18/business/uber-contests-cal... That was seven months ago and Uber didn't die as many predicted it would Some people so badly want for this to be 2000 all over again they they have to make things up. They have to turn molehills into mountains. The visual scrapbook platform should be printing money. Its predominantly female audience browses Pinterest's various boards for inspiration about their next fashion purchases, vacation destination, or on how to decorate a house — and they also act as free brand representatives by "pinning" their favorite products, making them visible to others. It may come as a surprise to some, but making money is not important. That's why so many people lost their shirts shorting the 'unprofitable' Amazon.com Rather, it's the the demonstrated ability to make money, which is more important. Should the time come to turn on the advertising money printing press, Pinterest and Snapchat, like Facebook, should have no difficulty making money. There's already a huge line of advertisers ready to plow hundreds of millions of dollars into Pinterest ads. Investors are patient, knowing that Pinterest will start printing money when the time is right. But right now, Pinterest is still building the userbase and perfecting their ad platform. Like Facebook, Pinterest's profit margins will be extremely high, and it would not surprise me if this company is worth $50 billion soon. But right now, Pinterest, like many web successful web 2.0 companies, is more interested in taking its time to build positive user and advertiser experience, than milking every user for every last dime. This is the first time I've seen a github used for non programming purpose I actually thing we're in a philosophy boom, with recent developments in quantum mechanics and the synthesis between the two subjects. There is a lot of research in this area, about quantum mechanics, thought experiments (Chinese room), turing tests, complexity/computational theory of mind (Bostrom simulation argument, singularity) and connection to free will and other philosophical concepts. Philosophy becoming more STEM-like. Am I the only one who is still on the fence about China? It’s too early to say there is actually a mess. There is evidence maybe growth is glowing, but it’s far too early to call it a catastrophe, even though the doom and gloom media has been calling it one for the past year. The debate is over 7% GDP growth vs. 5.5%. The Rise and Fall of the Chinese Economy. If by 'fall' he means 5.5% GDP growth instead of 7%. Maybe a lot of this doom and gloom comes down to a a simple math misunderstanding, which is that 'slowing growth' is not the same as shrinkage. Slowing growth implies the second derivative is negative, but the first one is still positive, meaning the size of the economy is still expanding. An example is the function ln(1+x) Rather, his video does a good job of explaining what could go wrong, but I'm not sold on the idea that there's a crisis now. I would not be surprised if this blows over in a a couple months like it did in the past during past concerns over China. It's just unsubstantiated assumption, which is common when journalists cover things they have little knowledge about. If the public market can't 'absorb' it, then the prices will fall. A marketplace exists at these high pries because that's what people are willing to pay. The EMH says it shouldn't matter too much. The transition from private to public adds more liquidity for traders, but in accordance to the EMH it should work both ways (50% chance of buying or selling). Those who wanted to buy but couldn't will do so now that the shares are public, and some will sell. There should be no expected edge shorting companies that go public, after taking into account borrowing costs and other factors. The evidence suggests such a strategy would probably break-even, in accordance with the EMH. https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-ef1c7da1ddf19c2c7c7d90... these companies (snapchat, uber, dropbox, pinterest, etc) are rapidly growing, that's a major why A VC fund averages slightly better than the market, suggesting possible inefficiencies I'm sure the domain has value. It can re-brand itself as another user-submitted content farm like Forbes and Fortune between david bowie and this, cancer seems to be the midlife killer of choice . Much process has been made in heart disease, but cancer? Not so much. Once it's spread, you're dead. (2 years usually) those are just the stats. Metastatic cancer is almost always fatal with an average survival of 2 years. That shows why more progress need to be made. spread= metastatic I'll believe it when I see actual secondary shares for major companies like Uber and Pinterest see substantial declines. Until then, this is all speculation. It's weird... It's like everyone want it to be 2000 all over again, even though that was a bad time for tech. A lot of smart people have lost money on the belief that trends that seem unsustainable must reverse or that history must always repeat, when there are factors that can cause wildly diverging outcomes even when there are many similarities between the past and present. You can have a situation where the past matches the present with 99% accuracy, but that 1% makes a huge difference in outcomes. This is related to chaos theory, where small perturbations in the initial conditions can cause the evolution of the system to change dramatically. Many people lost money shorting Amazon and Facebook stock between 2012-2015 on the belief that we are in another tech bubble, and while there are many similarities between 2000 and now (such as high stock prices) there are some subtle differences, too, such as better fundamentals. And those subtleties make the difference between a profitable trade and losing your shirt. Or another example, may people got burned betting against the stock market recovery, since 2009, believing that there would be a double dip recession, that there would be a 'Great Depression', or that America would become Japan 2.0, when, in fact, neither happened despite the many similarities. These short-sellers grievously underestimated the propensity of the consumer, undaunted by the doom and gloom in the news, to keep consuming and the unimpeded ability of S&P 500 companies to keep generating record profits and earnings. hmmm....I think it's more than that. Ants, bees and other insects cooperate. The defining characteristic may be an awareness of mortality, which is probably what prompted the rescue. I did a search for Walmart jobs in my area ( a large metropolitan area) - zero hiring. With the exception of certain types of jobs, there has been little hiring since 2006 or so. The supply of labor vastly exceeds the demand, for many jobs. We're definitely moving to a 'post-labor' economy, with more 'gig' jobs and fewer salaried ones. In 2011, Mc Donald's had a national hiring day, receiving over a million applications but accepting only 50,000. Too many people, not enough jobs. who would have guessed that in 2 decades he would be so successful. Bloomberg was right in the middle of the intersection of computers and trading. The timing could not have been better. loading this nearly crashed my browser more like rectangle - cut in half On AngelList, a crowdfunding site aimed at such investors, the average valuation for a company receiving funding reached $4.9 million for two quarters last year, its highest level in five years. But valuations dropped to $4.2 million in the fourth quarter, the lowest level since early 2012. Dow Jones VentureSource data shows that deals involving angel investors fell by 16% last year. It seems like a big deal until you realize there is a huge variance in prices and that 2012 isn't very long ago. The biggest and most successful ones seem to be doing just fine. It's easy to separate the potential winners from the losers though. Start-ups that deal with hardware and other physical stuff tend to fare much worse than apps and software. There's a bubble in bubble predictions. Everyone wants their 'I told you so' fame, for some reason. I guess it's human nature to want to be right or to see the overly successful stumble back to earth. He says there is "blood in the water," and we are entering a 90-10 situation for the unicorn class of startups with billion-dollar valuations in which 90% of the startups will be repriced or die and 10% will make it. Well, that's kinda how it's supposed to be. That's why expected value is more important. A few $200+ billion Facebooks and Googles can compensate for a lot of smaller $1 billion failures. As if the government does a better job managing money, which is why the concept of 'exit' is appealing to some in Silicon Valley. New technologies emerge from bubbles. The only way to do away with the boom bust cycle is to do away with capitalism itself. you may be waiting awhile Haven't we been 'expecting' this since 2012, yet the biggest, most successful unicorns keep going up in value. For all the hype and doom about Square stock, the price is back to where it was when it began trading a month ago, although it has fallen 20% in recent weeks. But this is a good opportunity for employees to understand the risks of stock options, but it's not like the world is coming to an end. Such risks have always existed. What is often forgotten or ignored are all of the people globalization helps lift up Maybe we need to come to terms with the fact that the http://greyenlightenment.com/the-meritocracy-we-dont-underst... meritocracy is one stratified by IQ, with some having the cognitive potential to produce more merit than others, and those smarter people will tend to rise to the top socially and economically, too. But the benefit is we get new technologies, job creation, and higher standards of living. That doesn't mean we need to do away with merit, but instead offer economic conditions for everyone to succeed within their cognitive potential. You can't raise society and the economy by chopping down the smartest, the most successful, which is I think what Paul Graham was getting at. Class warfare is analogous to Animal Farm where the uprising makes things worse. People who are rich should not have to prove they are sufficiently empathetic. There's a saying, 'offence is taken, not given'. I've heard of this argument. 'Why do the rich need so much money? Why not just create a 'wealth cap'? The problem is, capitalism is about incentives. When you create a negative incentives, it creates externalities, possibly in the form of companies moving overseas, job loss, and economic stagnation. Second, is it fair for someone or some entity to confiscate what is not theirs, beyond taxes? Third, capitalism is expensive. Venture capital is funded by wealthy, an example being the Space-x and Blue Origin rocket programs, both very costly and funded by billionaires Musk and Jeff Bezos. If taxes were much higher, such programs may not exist. Most venture capital is private: http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/MK-CQ161_KEYWOR_16... http://www.wsj.com/articles/humanitys-last-great-hope-ventur... High corporate tax rates create an economic incentive for companies to move factories and offices overseas through 'inversions' to get a lower tax rate: http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/08/ec... Relative to most developed countries, America has a very high corporate tax rate: It’s a rock-solid fact that the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate is the highest among developed nations and is significantly higher than the average. According to 2014 data from the OECD, the combined federal and state statutory corporate tax rate for the United States is 39.1 percent. The average of the other 33 members of the OECD is 24.8 percent — 14.3 percentage points lower than the U.S. rate. Weighted by country GDP, the average for these 33 countries is 28.3 percent — 10.8 percentage points lower than the U.S. rate. The rise of indexing parallels the cutthroat, winner-take -all nature of the post-2008 stock market and economy where winners like Google, Amazon, Visa, and Facebook, for example, are bid higher and higher to no end and companies that show slightest weakness are culled quickly. Even blue chips are not immune to this. Walmart stock crashed 30% in 2015 in an otherwise flat market due to some minor weakness in store sales. In the 80's and the 90's, large funds were more willing to put money in sub-par stocks & sectors, investing indiscriminately, but post-2008 capitalism has gotten much smarter and discriminating. That means lots of losing stocks and few winners, leaving investors with one of three choices: be lucky or skilled enough choose the handful of winning stocks, choose index funds, or choose active management, the latter which tries to beat the first two but almost always fails and has really high fees. The second choice is the most viable. The dry index is a poor predictor of future economic health or stock market returns http://greyenlightenment.com/economics-myths-part-7-the-balt... The index was flat in the 80' and 90's yet the global economy boomed. Not sure why stories that are sensationalist hyperbole get voted to the front page anyway These logos aren't good. A logo should have some degree of symmetry, simple enough to draw, original, and not readily resembling something in real life or a prior logo. this is an umbrella plus tear drop: http://www.logodust.com/img/logo18.png paperclip http://www.logodust.com/img/logo20.png too complicated to be effective: http://www.logodust.com/img/logo9.png ripoff of star trek and anarchy circle http://www.logodust.com/img/logo2.png this was the only good one http://www.logodust.com/img/logo1.png It's like a joke i heard awhile back: It's easy to talk to the dead, it's getting them to reply which is hard. Facebook is not a fair comparison. But I quit Facebook because it made me unhappy and dissatisfied. Twitter makes me smart. How did this even get to the front page? HN needs some better quality control. Lately been seeing a lot of mediocre medium articles get on the front page. What if two people make opposite predictions about Twitter's future? Would they both be wrong? the traffic, money (from the amazon links) and attention he gets is a great motivator to keep making more posts. As someone who has spent 10 years writing online with little to nothing to show for it, this does not work. You need connections, good luck, and or genetically endowed talents to succeed. More hours will not cut it. Also, becoming good enough to be an expert requires being better than 99.9% of people, which by virtue of the Bell Curve is unobtainable for most people. The chess example may be measuring something else (some other normally distributed variable) than IQ, with IQ being an important but only secondary factor. How does one 'deliberately practice' writing? Using longer words, writing more? It's not like the most successful writers or writings are the most complicated. Maybe it's also about 'pitching' ideas, networking, but this could be seen as a separate skill than just writing. Finding the optimal linear regression of what people want. he show ended in 2004. The same year that Facebook began, the year that George W. Bush was re-elected to a second term, the year that reality television became a dominant force in pop culture, with American Idol starting an eight-year reign of terror as the No. 1 show in the U.S., the same year that Paris Hilton started her own “lifestyle brand” and released an autobiography. And Joey Tribbiani got a spin-off TV show. The year 2004 was when we completely gave up and embraced stupidity as a value. Just ask Green Day; their album American Idiot was released in 2004, and it won the Grammy for Best Rock Album. You can’t get more timely. The rejection of Ross marked the moment when much of America groaned, mid-sentence, at the voice of reason. Looks like cherry picking by the author. Long ago, people thought Elvis and Ed Sullivan were the 'end of Western civilization'. However, the economic events of 2008, and recently accelerated in 2013, seem to have puts the nerds at the top of the socioeconomic totem-pole as measured by income, prestige, and wealth. As housing, energy, construction, manufacturing and other 'blue collar' and 'low-skill' jobs and sectors have faltered, 'nerd' jobs like IT and coding have been very resistant, seeing strong growth and high wages compared to the proliferation of low-paying service sector and 'gig' jobs, as well as the downsizing of middle management and mediocre employees. yaaawn more misleading titles. 'Pulling out' would imply lower valuations, of which there is no evidence for startups like Snapchat, Pinterest or Uber. Instead of selling, what is happening is that we're seeing a flight to quality, which is something I predicted months ago. you can get very high stats (good shapre , low draw-downs, lots of of winning months) just by going 'long' short-duration bonds and or selling far out of money index options. The problem is you may not make much money. You can sell a S&P 500 1000 put but you'll only make $500 over 6-12 months with $100k at risk. However, this is path dependent, meaning that large losses may be sustained on paper until the storm subsides. Even long 3-month t bills gives an infinitely high sharpe but the returns are crap As I have found, sharpe can be a misleading measurement of risk due to path dependence. Historically, consumer staples have much better risk-adjusted returns than any other sector. Buying and holding these stocks will beat active management and the S&P 500. Active management, despite their access to expensive Bloomberg terminals and other financial resources, by in large, are just as clueless as retail investors, but they have more money and make up the difference in fees. What does this prove? The fact that billionaires and hedge fund mangers – who have access unlimited data, who can buyout seats on the board of directors, and can even influence the news – are unable to beat the market but instead underperform it substantially, douses cold water on the popular belief that the markets are rigged, inefficient, or a scam. The biggest scam are these firms charging high fees for poor performance, but the market itself is not broken. Instead, the market has become more efficient than ever, benefiting index buyers and hurting those who think the are the next Warren Buffet. and some billionaire fortunes have been lost; in the end, you get the overall market performance. Maybe there is some excess. It would be interesting if there were a study about if stocks of companies by Forbes 400 members outperform stocks which don't have members. I said more efficient than ever. That doesn't mean 100% efficiency. Selling out of the money puts will almost never generate a downdown. Hence an infinite sharpe because the denominator is zero. Technically you are still beating the risk-free rate but there is a lot of downside risk not accounted for in the shapre ratio. Often a huge amount of leverage is applied to boost returns. arxiv makes it virtually impossible to publish unaffiliated but stuff like this makes it on a supposedly reputable website The lump of labor fallacy is a pervasive one Despite all the hype over outsourcing, the number of Silicon Valley jobs is close to the 2000 highs http://www.spur.org/sites/default/files/wysiwyg/u168/Screen%... Silcon Valley job growth has pretty much tracked the rest of the nation https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8e/US_Labor_Forc... Job creation and destruction is an inescapable part of a dynamic economy. Had those word been filtered none of this would have happened. I'm surprised Microsoft didn't have some overriding system But then how you filter out stuff like 'the Holocaust didn't happen', which would be just as offensive even though it involves no swear words. These are normative matters, which I imagine would be very hard for AI to tackle. Not to brag, but I could have predicted the rise of those examples given. Had I been able to invest, I would have done so. Evernote, on the other hand, I would have stayed away from.. If I were a VC investing in consumer internet technology, I would be looking for market dominance, a clean user experience, a unique angle that differentiates it from similar services, scalability, high profitability, relatively low costs, and broad appeal. Investing in Facebook in 2007 would have been easy, seeing that the site was already gaining a lot of traction and had high profit potential. Most social networks fizzle out pretty quickly. The hardest part is probably getting the opportunity to invest, not choosing the company. I def. know a lot about this area, and myself predicted the rise of valuations of major web 2.0 companies like Facebook, Snapchat, and Uber. But I don't think it's that hard of a skill picking the winners from the losers. But he problem is if everyone followed this strategy you would have a lot of unfunded companies. As violent as boxing is, it's very rare for fighters to die. Same for Football. Mountain climbing, rock climbing, downhill skiing and snowboarding are more dangerous, but the dangers get much less media attention than the attention over football concussions. wish I had bought put option on this. PBR (petro Brazil ) may also be at risk there are probably a couple dozen such energy,mining ,drilling, etc companies that may fall 50% in a week. A 4 cent investment ($4 per contract) can turn into $1-1.5 ($150) if the timing is right Despite all the news over 'safe spaces' and SJWs on campus, the academic process itself (including peer review, tenure, and other aspect) tends to be very illiberal. Capitalism tries to make everything fast, efficiently and easy (provided there is a market) but academia can be frustratingly bureaucratic in its effort to be 'above' money. although the market is very efficient, I believe there are a handful of people who have genuine market timing ability Issac Asmimov's the Final Question ends with a sentience that spans the universe yyaawwn people also thought Facebook was ruined when they stopped only accepting edu emails