This design is like all others that involve separated, segregated facilities: Cyclists are at extreme risk of getting right hooked by turning drivers who will assume they have the supreme right of way even if they do see the bicyclists they mow over. Little tweaks like moving the stopping positions around have no effect on oblivious cagers. No it hasn't. Cyc has been widely reported on outside of academic circles for decades. It last got a lot a buzz when Watson was preparing to debut on Jeopardy. It can be viewed as a copyright circumvention "device". If they published the code in a book like was done with PGP it could be viewed has having a legitimate existence as a physical work. It is when you have a networked device that speaks X protocol. They were common in the 90's for test equipment and many are still useful today. These sort of legacy devices can't use newer alternatives. The copyright to the code of Popcorntime is held by its authors so a DMCA takedown on the code can't be issued on those grounds. However, it acts as a technology circumvention device (in a circuitous way) since it provides access to media that originally was encrypted. 17§1201 a.2: No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that— (A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title; 17§1201 a.3.A: to “circumvent a technological measure” means to descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or otherwise to avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or impair a technological measure, without the authority of the copyright owner; and They had a vague announcement about organizational changes a few months ago to a "flatter" hierarchy. It was the first hint of the layoffs that have now come to fruition. They still sell embedded DOS. Supporting legacy products is good customer service. It's not like they were spending tons of resources to maintain the code. It doesn't matter if there is an imbalance in the traffic flow. Verizon is being paid to deliver requested packets over IP. That's all they have to do. Singling out Netflix is pointless. If Netflix were replaced with 1000 video streaming sites with the same aggregate traffic volume who would they blame for all the data their customers are pulling in? Verizon desperately wants to avoid being a humble ISP with no way to pull the strings the way do with their telco service. That's why they're playing this game. while() doesn't cast to bool in C. It compares to integer 0 which will become an unconditional jump after optimization. Not to worry. Just the NSA deploying a MITM attack. The bugs will be ironed out soon and your transactions will proceed smoothly as before. Tcl and Python also have (multiple) bolted on OO systems that can be altered at will. It should be grounds for classification as a vexatious litigant since it clearly indicates that they're not serious about following through with a lawsuit and are just running a shakedown operation. They are moving in that direction because they are going to be swamped by cheaper Chinese clones. Some will inevitably have competitive or better image quality, features, battery life, etc. and GoPro must pivot to leverage of their first mover advantage in action cams. "I recommend using servers you've hacked or a VPS paid with bitcoin to hack from." Not a good idea considering Bitcoin isn't anonymous and a sufficiently motivated state can back track to an electronic purchase of bitcoin tied to your identity. He needs to randomize the 1P/2P assignment because Aquarius seems to prefer being on the right side of the tank and gets an unfair advantage as 1P. This is not really a Gamma correction issue (although gamma shouldn't be ignored for other reasons). It is the result of attenutation of high frequency information close to the Nyquist rate (1 pixel wide details) when downsampling. The applied gamma is adding emphasis to these high frequency details so that they survive the anti-aliasing filter and downsampling process. Maybe Watson's inference engine could be reworked into an automated PR generator and put them out of a job. It is still weird. * * is the other established convention used for exponentiation in languages like Python, Ada, m4, and others. If you're the IT admin you need to be sacked if you overreact without reading the full e-mail with this line: The "w0000000t" file is apparently part of a mass compromise of Microsoft FTP servers, which was found but not explained by a French security company named QuarkLabs in this slide Nothing in the message implied that the professor was responsible for anything other than trying to be helpful. Just be glad it wasn't "boffin speak" as the contemptuous British press are so fond of. There was a time when Apple only sold through franchisees and were unable to sell direct. And run like every other industrial egg farm in the US. The license only applies to derivatives of the markdown.pl code. The spec describes a "reverse engineered" implementation that is partially interoperable with the original but isn't actually derived from it. Reverse engineering for the purpose of interoperability is a legal activity in the US. Why would you need a third party to handle that? Just analyze your logs and spam the inactive users for free. The existing LTE version is now strangely listed as the "Gen 1" on the Motorola site. I am not a competitive cyclist but remove the hair on my legs with a depilator in the Spring because my leg pelt retains too much heat in the Summer. There is a noticeable improvement in cooling after it is done. While not the most pleasant process, it avoids stubble and the delayed regrowth means the new hair is sufficiently long to begin providing warmth just in time for when cooler Fall temps arrive. I always considered that to be the real reason why the pros do it with road rash being of secondary concern. Those with shorter leg hair just went along and copied their hairier peers. I replaced mine with a $20 Chinese knockoff when their crappy speed controller burned out. Good riddance. Don't know why they can't figure out how to design brushes that don't jam in the housing either. The GP isn't wrong. Consider all of the mutually unintelligible Chinese dialects that use the exact same script. Corporations, yes. Companies, no. Nobody founds a corporation. Pandoc is a powerful tool but it has some serious limitations. Nothing more sophisticated than it's own flavor of Markdown is supported. "Simple" things like internal references to anything other than headings are impossible. I had to abandon it after realizing how restricted its ReST parser is compared to the official Docutils. Outsourced. Kodak ditched its internal electronics development years ago. It is now just a brand slapped on whitebox designs from Chinese developers like Westinghouse or RCA or a host of other recycled domestic brands. -- Former Kodak employee Google doesn't have ads on the news subdomain. They only make money indirectly by driving traffic to publishers who are Doubleclick customers and adding new behavioral data to the profiles of logged in users. I'd be happy if they'd just let you turn off syntax highlighting for code blocks in the wiki. The default sh highlighter looks like crap if you display code in any unsupported language like assembly or Tcl. tags can be used but then you lose the gray background. That something so simple isn't implemented is the biggest sign of how abandoned Google Code has become. The simple solution to this is to request a password reset from that service and disable their account. Just beware that pretty much every sub $500 bike uses plastic bearing races in the bottom bracket. They will fail after a few thousand miles. All that changed are the default settings. It's unfortunate that Intel didn't document the change but the fix is to add a new step to the drive replacement procedure to reconfigure the firmware. This is a scriptable action. Not that big a deal. The federal government doesn't want its sources and methods exposed. They have allowed moles supplying info to the Soviets to go unprosecuted because nabbing them would have tipped off the Russians that their communication channels weren't secure. It is quite likely that there are passive devices that monitor cell phone channels without tricking them into connecting to a phony base station. These technically wouldn't be "stingrays". That is basically what the SIGINT satellites do. It could certainly be miniaturized for local area monitoring. In any case, the cell providers have basic details of what phones communicate with their towers. It doesn't seem like that avenue wasn't used in this case though. Sometimes you want to do things high level languages don't support. For instance C doesn't let you retrieve the 64-bit result from a 32x32-bit multiply. You have to cast the operands to 64-bit first to get the result even though the hardware provides the answer you want without any extra steps. If this is performance critical code it may require dropping down to assembly. ... damn lies and statistics... and bad journalism. The numbers apparently conflate Asian-Americans with Asian foreign students. A breakdown of the two groups would be more useful to work from given the huge numbers of wealthy Chinese fighting tooth and nail to send their kids to the most prestigious American schools. The numbers are also skewed by simple geography. The West coast has more Asian-Americans and would be more desirable for foreign students in terms of quicker and cheaper travel between home and school. California schools can't be equitably compared to the East coast. In the C grammar, braces denote compound statements. Control flow statements can take any type of statement as their body rather than just the compound variety. There was an engineering issue with wind loading on the clad version of the spire so they left it off. It seems like most of his problems would be alleviated by working on a non-volatile version of the code in a private branch. The kids these days tend to favor a VCS that has this feature. Manning couldn't have happened if they followed their own policies for locking down PCs and restricting access to writable media. Just as many as all of the 8-bit systems in use today. There is no need, in the vast majority of cases, for wide data busses in embedded applications. 16-bit is going to die out, though, like the 4-bit and bitslice processors. The DECT phone standard had to be marketed as "6.0" for the US market because non-technical people were trained to believe that 5.8GHz was better than 2.4GHz and a phone that ran at 1.9GHz would never sell in the US. This is the same thought process driving the audiophools' desire for bigger numbers regardless of reason. It doesn't help that the fundamentals of sampling theory aren't particularly intuitive. I've got a blatant http://.. . hyperlink on the top of my resume. Almost nobody clicks on it. I went to an interview where they requested code samples which they could have already reviewed beforehand if they had just followed that link. The problem is that tons of resumes are getting rejected by ATS' due to low keyword match scores without ever passing across human eyes. Bad Piggies is fun and has better replay value as you unlock more abilities to get to previously unreachable areas. What's more surprising is that no execs from Japan have crossed over to SPE. There was a resource file included with Korean language strings. That either got there because the developers were Korean or as a false flag since malware doesn't otherwise need multilingual support. How about the H-1B employer petition form includes a check box: "Upon penalty of perjury, and imprisonment of no less than 5 years, I certify that this petition is for a highly skilled worker" There is nothing wrong with presenting science in a format with populist appeal. It helps raise the general level of knowledge in society, counteracting the types that want to believe people walked with dinosaurs 10000 years ago. The problem is lying to young people that they have any real opportunity to work in fields with such limited employment prospects. The NEC doesn't do any regulating nor do they have any authority. They write standards that states may or may not adopt and use for their own enforcement. That's why Romex is illegal in Illinois and New York has it's own code. I got tired of updating my resume in Word then Manually generating PDF and massaging a plain text export into something decent. Now I write one document in ReST that is converted to Docbook (with XSLT) then run the Docbook through XSLT to get the meat of a DocX, XSLT to get an XSL-FO derived PDF, and XSLT to get an HTML derived plain text. Obtuse but powerful. Any practical Mars mission is going to require a staging area in LEO or a Lagrange point to assemble a larger interplanetary craft. Dragon will be up to that task. ReST syntax is more sophisticated than even the Pandoc flavor of MD. The ReST parser in Pandoc is very limited and its Docbook output is very restricted as well. It's a nice tool but not there yet for complex documents. It seems like the graphic shading could be replicated with SVG filter effects inserted as a post-processing stage applied to images output from Dia or Visio. I use the determinism with test cases generating random input data. Every run of a test case generates a random seed based off the system time and reports the seed used. When a failure happens, the seed is fixed using an environment variable. Then the failed case can be reproduced until the bug is tracked down. This isn't an unusual practice. The determinism in standard PRNG functions is an important feature not a weakness. Theo is being foolish. If he's unhappy with the way the *rand functions are being used he should just change the code calling into the library to use random seeds derived from a suitable entropy source, not change the library itself. Google should remove all deep links from the search database. Teach them a hard lesson. Inkscape imports Illustrator files which nowadays are just a modified PDF. The attribute mechanism is something a lot of languages would benefit from. Need to know the maximum value of an integer? Just ask the integer type to tell you. No going to a library to look up inscrutable constants. Ada attribute provide a lot more meta information about types and objects than just integer limits. http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Ada_Programming/Attributes Some of these would be methods in modern OO languages but many are unique to Ada. The technology already exists in X11. The problem is getting devices to act as display servers. Sad that he blew £1000 on an "editor" incapable of tidying up the hyphenation mess. > Kramer promises you’ll be able to “focus on work, not your inbox,” as his team works to satisfy two mandates: >1. Deliver a place in which we love working 10+ hours each day. Sounds like IBM is habitually understaffing its workers by 20%. The data is collected from people who think nothing of having intrusive, cycle sucking, third-party toolbars running in their browsers. Probably explains the continued presence of AOL too. Tiling managers become more compelling on large high resolution displays where running everything maximized is inconvenient and you want to ease the burden of shuffling windows around. I'd be happy if the setuptools bdist installer could create a single file that works in 32 and 64-bit Windows and would take care of running 2to3 during the install. The situation now is too painful for me to bother making Windows installers any more. PyPI download numbers are bogus. More than 90% are from mirror bots, not actual users. MIT runs Lincoln Lab which is a think tank / R&D facility for the military. You have to pass through an armed checkpoint to get to the the complex located on an AF base. I would consider that node compromised already. > For these cases, typing rules and annotations will be a boon. You can use PEP3107 annotations today and automatically validate them using a decorator to eliminate boilerplate code like that. They don't have to be something to look forward to tomorrow. It isn't a problem if all you need is a deterministic sequence of numbers that are pseudo-random like what rand() provides. Not every use of a PRNG involves cryptographic security or potentially dangerous exposures of internal state. If you're generating random test case input on a single machine, time() is a perfectly reasonable way to seed a PRNG. A super-robust entropy source isn't a necessity when you just want something nominally random between intermittent runs. Yes. This is very annoying. Apparently this is fixed in 5.0.1 according to the few Gen2 Moto G users who got the Lollipop update. Hopefully it will deployed to everyone else sometime this month. It would seem that the problem is due to overly aggressive memory management that was never properly adjusted for 1GiB RAM. One would hope that the popularity of the G and other small memory Android devices would help push for more efficient memory usage rather than requiring 2GiB+ for a decent experience. For starters, it would be nice if more of the core system was implemented in native code (ART doesn't count). It does strike me as odd that some Ada-isms are present like 'low and 'high, applicable to types and objects, but the ever useful 'range didn't get included. It is a testament to Nim's flexibility that it can be added, effectively as a one-liner. This really should be in the standard library. Not to mention detailed articles on Pokemon products, something with decidedly less cultural impact than Star Wars. Case-insensitivity is not that much of an issue in static languages. It eliminates the burden of having to remember the Studly-Camel-Lumpy-style-du-jour. Accidental name clashes will be caught at compile time. Nim's hybrid approach is more adventurous but I can only see it being a problem with reusing symbols from other case-sensitive languages. Sounds like somebody has a lot of free time. UTF-16 covers the full Unicode space just like UTF-8. You're thinking of UCS-2 (limited to plane 0) as implemented by Windows. Biology is based on complex interactions among proteins and genetic material. There is no way to construct generalities about such systems that bypass careful observation of their inner workings. Just look at how long it took to discover DNA after the discovery of heritable traits. You can't hand wave your way around knowing how these molecules are assembled and transcribed. Mathematics is an invented tool that can be arbitrarily defined to suit a problem space. There will never be a Grothendieck of biology because the mechanisms of life aren't so neat and ordered that they can reduced to first principles. '_' is already idiomatic for throwaway variables. It wouldn't help matters to use it for OOP. Sounds a lot like the utopia of THX1138. You can have this today by inserting an explicit decorator that validates annotated arguments. You can even skip the decorators by dynamically wrapping callables with the validator. I have some low activity Google code sites with analytics enabled. 50% of the referrals now come from a Russian SEO site starting a few months ago. They're generating unique bogus subdomains such as forum.topic52148208.darodar DOT com for each tracker ID they target. Can't Google just blacklist these sites and make them disappear? The technique from the dheera.com article won't work well in this case because the filter is applied non-uniformly as a targeted spot. It becomes much more difficult to generate pixelated patterns to compare against. The Gaussian blur does however enable the simpler use of deconvolution to reveal the obscured digits. In the plus side, it demonstrates how serious the state perceives the threat of "weaponized" javascript and can be a legitimate defense if someone is ever pursued for using noscript-alikes. IBM made other dependable keyboards besides the model M. I have a stash of quiet KB-6323s to last the rest of my years. What's most amazing is how smug and unapologetic the involved LEOs are when they've been interviewed on camera about this incident. One can only hope that the video is accepted as evidence in the civil case and will add a significant multiplier to the damages awarded. It's good for side by side docs/code as a space saving alternative for a multi-monitor setup. > when an 18 wheeler blows out a tire, you need some skills to bring the truck to a successful stop, but even more skills and equipment to effect the repair. An automated truck won't need a conventional cab. It could essentially be a powered sled that rigidly attaches to a trailer with much less forward projection. This would be easier to control in emergency stops. I have a tool that does this. I produced machine generated translations of German and French as an expedient. The German messages were corrected by a native speaker and I cleaned up the French as best I could. When French is in use an extra message is printed appealing for someone to edit the weak translations. I dealt with word order issues by avoiding formatted strings with more than one replacement field. Only one string needs to deal with singular vs plural quantities. Lack of context was a definite problem with the machine translations. It would inconsistently choose translated words that should have been the same because the short string snippets could not be evaluated for their meaning within the narrow domain of the program using them. At least it can be overridden with environment variables. Could this have been influenced by the Japanese colonists in the São Paulo region? The unfortunate thing is that the police won't even bother to ticket drivers who fail to yield to pedestrians in a crosswalk. Most US drivers have no concept of how right-of-way works and their obligations to yield. I've taken to using an airhorn for busy crossings and have been chewed out by cops for expecting my traffic rights to be observed. It would seem that the hyperloop is just an invented charade developed for use as a carrot to manipulate states into dropping their laws against direct sales from car manufacturers. That would explain why Texas is being courted now. They lost out on the gigafactory and may be more willing to capitulate to get a piece of other Musk projects. Won't change a thing. All it will take is the good old standby of "disorderly conduct" to determine that a crime has been committed as justification for a seizure. Look at a cop the wrong way and your cash is as good as gone. In a real production environment that command line would be put into a script parametrized with named variables and the embedded awk scripts would be changed to here-docs. > Both are very famous examples of how depression can be creative. That probably had more to do with their substance abuse. > She also seems not to understand the difference between "No Stopping" and "No Parking", which is pretty clear to me. There are three classifications of restrictions that are commonly applied to limit roadside stops: No stopping - Most restrictive; can't do anything No standing - Brief stops are permitted No parking - Standing in an occupied vehicle is permitted Everyone would know this if licensing requirements in the US weren't a joke. I've been mulling ideas to defeat ANPR without breaking state laws. The simplest may be to use a tilted/warped surrounding frame that interferes with the skew correction of the captured plate. Another thought is to project bright infrared patterns to disrupt unfiltered B&W cameras. There was an early streaming video application for Windows 3.1 that predated RealPlayer. It had some radio stations playing music as well as CNBC. Can't remember the name now. Even earlier was MBone for X11 although that was never more than experimental at the time. Or it's an insurance scam because the owner needed some cash. A staged accident in the middle of an ocean is a nice way to pull that off. The average citizen doesn't care as long as they get their bread and circuses. It was different in the US before ACA (Obamacare) was implemented. Before then, employer subsidized healthcare was significantly cheaper than buying private insurance on the open market. That was a major impetus to taking a full time job. Now, the employer health plans are little better than what you can get through ACA, especially if you're young and healthy and can opt for the cheaper options with less coverage. The heat alone contributes to reduced life of power handling equipment. Most parts of Europe don't have to deal with that. m4 is actually pretty awesome when fulfilling its original purpose of adding macros to programming languages. Certainly it's not hygienic and is a pain to debug but it can work wonders to bypass language limitations especially when dealing with assembly code. Spelling, minor grammar errors, and graffiti is all I'll fix nowadays. I won't bother rewriting awkward sentences or the commonly encountered repetition of the same facts in different paragraphs. I sure as hell won't add new content. That consumes too much of my time for something that will likely be reverted by a pedant who can't stand for their precious to be touched by someone else. He got a 3/2 split on the redefinition of broadband with one of the yeas publicly admitting that she would have rather seen 100Mbit as the threshold. It stands to reason that this will pass too with the current committee makeup. If the GOP wins 2016, however, the future may not be so bright once they install their pro-business people and fix all of this "Socialist" claptrap. Amazing that there was a time that English majors could get hired for programming jobs. Nowadays your resume would be rejected by an ATS without ever passing before human eyes. You would be treated as a non-entity, incapable of offering any value. What are the consequences of using rational numbers by default? I can imagine unexpected bloat when large arrays are in use that you expected to contain native floats but are now a more complex object. It is not "definitely illegal" to set license terms to whatever one wishes including restricting commercial use. The GPL hinges upon copyright to enforce it's provisions. Copying privileges are revoked for people who violate the license. This is a legal "hack" to get around the need to establish a contract or exchange funds. The same sort of rules can be applied for any other criteria such as the type of user. If I want to prohibit blue-eyed people from using my software I am free to do so. Dual licensing isn't a requirement to do this. I would assume the same consumer protection laws that mandate the sale of automotive parts also covers farm equipment. The issue is that the OBD standards have a mode for restricting access (0x27) until the test equipment has passed a challenge-response phase. The exact method varies but it is often a fairly simple scheme such as multiplying a secret key by a random value and returning part of the product for the ECU to confirm. The keys can be discovered by reverse engineering firmware or capturing enough initialization packets to work out the system. One of my ECUs from a defunct manufacturer has the ever original 0x6789 as its key. > Without it, we would not have smartphones, tablets or laptops, including the device you are reading at this very moment. Yes we would. All these things existed without Li-ion. The power/space budget would be more constrained but it was perfectly achievable. What wouldn't work is senselessly burning cycles running managed code in a VM with heaps of battery sucking DRAM. People today have no concept of how much computing power is wasted as excess heat because of modern software development practices. Reminds me of the Lemonade stand BASIC game on Apple ][. It was trivial to beat once I found out you could allocate negative funds to advertising and your account would end up credited. Then the stand just became a front operation laundering money through the print shop. Don Lancaster[1] is notable for producing a long running newsletter with a library of hand coded Postscript to handle layout and rendering of charts and graphs. He provides all the source code for those interested. [1] http://www.tinaja.com/gurgrm01.shtml I love caps lock. Every once in a while I need to type lots of text in all caps and I like not having to ride the shift key when doing this. That doesn't work if you still need some lower case mixed in. Funny to see he's wearing Dolce and Gabbana sneakers. Most likely knockoffs or maybe pilfered from the factory. Reminds me of someone who refused to use revision control because "merges were unreliable". Of course they are when you wait 30 days between commits. > Graduation dates are not required Unfortunately many ATSs like Taleo insist on having your educational history. You can leave it out at peril of being eliminated as a candidate by a single ill-conceived filter. I really hate the guys that insist on "getting a number" right off the bat before they'll even consider opening the door for you. Then there's the ones who offer "benefits" so you should be perfectly happy with $40/hr. Most of them don't even have a direct line to the hiring manager and are slaves to the fickle ATSs. There's no point in talking money if there is no chance of ever having a technical discussion with a human being in the company. When I point this out I often get the apologetic spiel about how they understand but that's the way this company works. It just tells me that this company is only willing to offer 50th percentile pay for 50th percentile workers while demanding a 90th percentile skillset. A bullet I'm happy to dodge. The same can be said for getting lobbyist money out of Congress. Letting the fox mind the hen-house is a horrible way to run a society. I feel for you. Too bad you've just violated the HN groupthink and will get downvoted for speaking the truth. Matplotlib is awesome. I just wish the API was cleaner: figure.set_frameon() axis.set_frame_on() pyplot.xlim() axis.set_xlim() This is really pain to deal with when you convert a plot into a subplot and have to switch to the different axis API. Some of this is damage from copying Matlab's legacy but it could use a polish. If you don't use an editor with IntelliSense you have to constantly look up methods in the docs to find the right spelling. It's called Chromium. There are a lot of industrial applications for agricultural products. Loss of arable land will put a pinch on those supply chains and increase costs of non-food manufactured goods. "The Ladders"? I've never seen a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. I believe that stemmed from a lawsuit by a woman who took offense to those terms being used in some documentation that unfortunately passed through her hands. It's a shame that it doesn't have the mindshare: 27 nim/nimrod questions on SO, 1548 rust. Still not "notable" enough for a Wikipedia entry. I can see nim getting stuck lingering on the margin like Objective-C did before OSX. The funny thing is that the fanboys fight back against this tactic by putting in hundreds of citations to "legitmize" articles about video games. Browse through some of them and you'll often see more citations than most of the math and science articles. Meanwhile, worthwhile articles that don't have rabid fans get deleted due to lack of "noteworthiness" (by someone's arbitrary standard of the day) or citations. > we came up against the 65536 rows limit At which point you have a database and would be better served with a different product designed to work with large data sets or moving data to external ODBC sources that Excel can query. GP didn't ask for full disk encryption, only "mountable disk images" which are far more flexible to deal with in heterogeneous environments. It's not fine because, as is the case with Superfish, this type of software leaves gaping security holes that blackhats can exploit no matter how noble the vendor is. It does seem like this is more of an amateur hour screw-up. It isn't beyond the NSA to plant developers that can insert backdoors on their behalf or set up front companies to sell vulnerable libraries but one would hope that they have enough sense not to leave cleartext passwords in a binary. Of course that could be an intentional misdirection so one never really knows. Superfish might have "benefactors" with deep pockets who want a scapegoat who won't squeal on them. And how does this work when Unicode combining characters come into play? "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. We will show you how the defendant used the notorious hacker tool known as 'strings' to facilitate his vendetta against Lenovo." Dispute it all you want. It's true. This plagues the lower echelons of society which you may be too distanced from to be aware of. Ask anyone from a school with a large population of students from poor families. When a kid's parents are illiterate and innumerate they tend to not rise above their station. Writing exams are subjectively graded. If you're a liberal arts major you've been indoctrinated into the same system as your graders and are trained to write in a style that they are biased toward. Adding essay questions to standardized entrance exams was a huge mistake I'm glad to have missed. It demonstrates how little the administration cares to maintain an acceptable standard of education in one department. Where else are they dropping the ball? He also claimed that they'd support discs by mail forever, then turned around and tried to hack off that part of the business. Netflix can't be trusted to do what they say they will. Frontier's home city of Rochester had to redeploy fiber for all their trunk lines after a disastrous ice storm in the 90's. You'd still be lucky to get 4Mbit DSL from them. They are bottom feeders only out to milk a dying cow. Improving infrastructure is cost center that doesn't pad the execs wallets so it gets ignored. Holding a position for a few days, hours, minutes, or seconds is not investing. It's gambling. What happens when you have a society composed of nothing but managers and financiers shuffling paper around? SO is much more pleasant if you stick to the less populous niche tags where there isn't a race to get the first answer, pompous mods, and other negative side effects of gamification. I think a better approach is to answer the question as best as possible and provide constructive guidance for a better approach if they are headed down a fruitless path. Those are the best answers when I'm querying SO for solutions to my own problems. This is what disgusts me most with Komen's annual "save the boobies" campaign. It really turned into a circus when they started smearing their marketing gimmick over professional athletes and garbage cans. It speaks to the shallowness of American culture that diseases can be "marketed" for the sake of the almighty buck. The Magnavox Odyssey (1972) was the first console with cartridges to select different games. The Channel F console (1976) was the first with ROM cartridges. Barbie taught a generation that "math is hard". Journalists shouldn't be expected to investigate numbers beyond how well they sit with the text in their screed. It's also suspicious that there are significant numbers earning below or close to the poverty line. I find it hard to believe that these are skilled tech workers doing tasks that can't be done by domestic labor. No. There are no real restrictions on the title of engineer in the US. In some industries (health, civil eng.) you need a PE for public safety reasons but it is rare for engineers to have them in general. A PE can be hard to get in many places because you need at least one coworker with a PE who can vouch for your work. Without one it is an impossibility. A system like Canada's would be nice to have to eliminate the cheapening of the title. The reality is that there are not many business uses for massively parallel computation in a small package. This affects large FPGAs as well. The only real market is in the defense industry where price is no object but it is also a very risk averse industry and is unlikely to take a chance on a startup that could go under at any time not to mention that it prefers parts fabbed on special lines from approved vendors. Software shops aren't going to take a risk on leaving the world they know and are more likely to bang their head trying to make conventional DSPs work if a normal processor won't cut it. Which really proves nothing since the US News rankings are heavily biased toward perceived excellence, other non-objective measures, and objective measures that have no bearing on how well students are actually being educated. Is there really something so special about UWs curriculum that sets them apart from #20 or #100 or do they just have fancier gymnasiums and dorms and more donations from alums? Many EDA tools are using outdated versions of Tcl. 8.5 and 8.6 added significant improvements with hash objects and native OO among them. I've been writing a Tcl clone for use in VHDL and I'm happy with where the language has gone. It was only meant to be used for scripting in the original sense. I like to think of it as the executable JSON with shades of lisp. Detractors should realize that it is still well suited for its niche. Sometimes the schools' hands are tied. The publishers use planned obsolescence to force the newer editions on students. If you can't buy new copies of older, cheaper books then there is no alternative but the shiny new wallet gougers. For most of the history of textbooks there was no color or only spot color for a bit of design flair. It isn't absolutely necessary to impart knowledge in most cases. Ok Google. When can I customize your activation phrase like on Moto X? Vivado is even more heavily dependent on Tcl as they've merged all the separate tools into one application guided solely by Tcl commands. It feels much more like Synopsys Design Compiler which also migrated from its homebrew scripting language to Tcl a few years ago. Read: It would harm the gravy train of patenting government funded research. Not good for Corporate U. Encryption keys can be hidden in a way that is next to impossible to decipher. Superfish level of insecurity doesn't have to be the norm. The downside is that there are no open source libraries that make this possible which is why few people know about it. Private gun sales aren't recorded in the US. I make an effort to upvote questions and comments/answers that have been unfairly downvoted. The same problem plagues HN for anyone who dares to defy the groupthink. The point is that they are investing in the growth of their endowment by seeking to maximize future donations from successful alums. With that goal it is straightforward to select exclusively from the two groups most likely to meet it. A local news station recently did a piece on a former basketball player brought in on scholarship to the local big U who was functionally illiterate. He seems to have had enough resolve to turn himself around but it baffles me how someone like that could be expected to be a "scholar athlete" when they are incapable of college level scholarship. It also speaks to the failure of secondary education that high schools will issue diplomas to unprepared students solely to keep their graduation rates up. > Aliens was one of the first action movies I ever watched (and remembered) and I don't remember ever, at all, thinking that it was odd that a woman was in charge (in fact, all of the strong characters are female). That's because the Ellen Ripley character was originally a man named Martin Roby. Because it lends itself to a more modular design without the complications of managing concurrency across threads and processes. >the electronics agency claimed that the original microprocessor didn’t have enough memory This sounds like an attempt to pass blame. How could their engineers not know from the datasheet if there was enough memory (presumably program flash)? They had a prototype before the KS campaign. They must have had some way to estimate the space requirements for the final design. Flash is cheap. Bumping up to a bigger memory can't possibly be the main cost driver. Embedded applications like this don't need lots of RAM. One has to wonder why such a simple application that boils down to a controlled delay was hard to achieve for them. It seems like they were too focused on a sexy LCD interface driven by god knows what over-engineered software crammed into what should have been a simple device. Now I see that the prototype was an Arduino, probably implemented within the safe shell of the Arduino libs rather than working with the baremetal AVR. Clearly they were way over their heads from the start. I can't fathom why Google doesn't streamline that crap so that it doesn't depend on scripts from two or three separate domains and will properly fallback render to something decent without any scripts. But it doesn't control for gene expression which can be influenced by environment and behavior. I'm waiting for the staging of "Benghazi: The Musical". The only challenge will be timing when the Etsy fad bubble bursts. This has already happened in the US. Pretty galling that the FBI requested one to be returned: http://www.wired.com/2011/11/gps-tracker-times-two/ http://www.wired.com/2010/10/fbi-tracking-device/ Would be interesting if they could lift any prints from the tape on this newest one and publish them. I can't imagine it's easy to apply duct tape with gloves on. I didn't know they had a fixed header. pats NoScript on the head . Cowboy coders don't like to see the holes in their development process. I wouldn't exactly call it "modern". It seems like csh++ while avoiding its mistakes by having Bash as the backend. I suppose this system could be crashed by automatically installing hundreds of millions of instances of the Ask toolbar to the point that it is economically infeasible for them to pay Oracle. Sounds like they're jealous that the NSA gets all the cool toys and they want to play too. Still would need a margin bell which, incidentally, the IBM Displaywriter provided along with more typewriter-like keys. And exploiting cheap, non-union labor in the US. No. they produce much of the flat pack furniture for their US stores in a domestic factory. Not good for plastic gas tanks either. Which gets you what exactly? You can do racy things with an engine running on 87 octane with the two wheeled varieties more than capable of satisfying any speed lust. Triumph has had the same problem with their plastic tanks and have somehow managed to avoid a recall like Ducati did. It doesn't help that European vehicles aren't designed to account for an alien fuel. I'm always puzzled whenever I have to enable a Cloudflare script on a site that clearly doesn't have enough volume to need it and would have been more robust and simpler with a traditional data center. It also annoys me to no end that I have to permit JavaScript from random hosts to support a cloud server that should be completely transparent to me. Engineering has exploded with foreign students who will leave the US with a degree that prints money in their home country. Not so much in America. They need to look at the numbers closer to see where the US students are actually going. Standardized test scores aren't that important after your first professional job. For some reason, though, the financial industry is infatuated with GPAs. The bigger question is why are contact lenses so expensive? The molds are undoubtedly costly but once made they can pump out millions of lenses and it's not significantly more complicated than plastic eyeglass lenses that require more material and have to be cut to the final shape of the frames. Of course the answer is that employer subsidized insurance has created in industry that can engage in predatory pricing when the bulk of the customers aren't directly paying out of their wallet. A USB 3 hub can fulfill any function a traditional docking station would other than extremely low latency I/O which most users don't care about. The concern over lead in the water system is largely focused on lead-based solder in copper pipes. That is restricted largely to postwar homes up until the emergence of PVC and PEX plumbing in the 80's. There goes my PageRank. Thanks Google. Does anyone know of a way to make the landing page at GitHub look less confusing than the default? That is the #1 reason I went with GC. I want first time users to see descriptive text not an activity log. > And not everyone likes using Git to begin with. FWIW. Mercurial can use Git as a backend which would ease the tension for those not enamored with it. > If a farm can't afford water for crops, the crops weren't profitable enough to grow anyway. I suppose you're trying to be sarcastic but this is the plain truth. Government should make some effort to help people prosper. It shouldn't be propping up unsustainable business because of short term economic benefits. The Eastern US is awash in water and has a ton of underutilized, fallow land that is already cleared. The workers can migrate as they already do. We can rebuild our greenhouse industry to get winter vegetables. I don't mind it but the elastomeric paint that shreds up after a year of use is annoying. I've got it on the back of my phone and am hoping they've improved the process to make it more durable. There are a number of useful codecs and filters that have non-free licenses. Debian packages will never have them enabled. Self compiles are the only way to get the ffmpeg kitchen sink. This isn't isolated to Target. Long time data aggregators like Acxiom collect electronic payment records on everyone. Incidentally, they perform contract work for the NSA which undoubtedly has unlimited access to Acxiom's entire dataset. It's not excellent research. All they did is create a naive NN without any feature recognition and noted that it has a high rate of false positives when presented with random imagery. Duh. There is still the problem of handling the effects of DST on repeating events. You have to know the base UTC offset and any additional seasonal offset for the local zone. Then it becomes an issue if you travel to a different locality that doesn't observe DST.