It wasn't always like this in Europe. Extended vacation time was one of the many hard-fought rights won by the socialist/trade-unionist movements of the past century throughout the continent. Not even Thatcher dared attacking that right (she dropped a few national holidays here and there, instead). Things didn't turn out quite the same on the other side of the pond, sadly, and this is the result. Well, in Britain the regime is usually fairly generous, with 24 days + 8 national holidays (guaranteed to be working days) being the norm for middle-class jobs and IT. We already know about France. Italy, last I checked, had an average of 20 days + 13 national holidays, with teachers being famous for their 3-months summer break (which in practice is little more than a month, but anyway). Yes, there is always pressure about choosing the right time for the business or public service, but at the end of the day it's a right and if you don't exercise it you're entitled to a lot of extra money -- which is why employers are keen on people actually taking time off. I'm quite interested in the concept, but it looks like your site has been "hackernewsed". The same scheme has been run in Manchester (England) at the Victoria Station car park for as long as I can remember. Luckily my Italian accent and angry face is enough to keep thugs at bay, but I bet they're tolerated by local police as long as they don't threaten the locals too much. In order to fight the scam, ticket machines now print your plate number on the ticket itself, so if you buy one from the thugs, you are risking a fine. The fact people keep doing it shows very clearly how parking charges in central Manchester are unrealistically high. Porn has also been somewhat instrumental in affirming individual freedom and occasionally pushing the boundaries of civil rights. Similarly, illegal p2p helped shaping a debate on the limits of current copyright legislation (which is far from over). Not all innovation is technical. Around Greater Manchester, reg-tracking ticket machines are still the exception. It might have something to do with costs -- i bet they break more easily (they need input buttons) and cost more upfront. Or it might be that local authorities here are still somewhat sympathetic to the little guy... It's supposed to be Old Labour territory after all. Nokia's doom was the deal with Intel, brokered by OPK, which basically dropped Maemo for Moblin and set their plans back two years. Without that, they would have produced at least three Maemo models by now, with big chances of one being a strong competitor. Elop is now trying to make the best of a losing position, but he's too predictable and "corporate" to succeed in the smartphone market. He should have kept silent on the MS deal until he had a working WP7 model, then make the announcement -- give the press a story about a new wonderful gizmo, so that they won't talk about failure and layoffs. As it is now, by the time "Microkia" devices hit the market, share prices will be so low that any Gordon Gekko under the sun will be ready for a takeover. It would take Nokia two years to steer back on MeeGo, two years they can't afford; it's not going to happen. Look how long it's taking them to get a Windows Phone model out, after steering in January and committing all resources they still have... It's a shame, without the useless Intel deal this phone could probably have hit the market last summer and could actually have had a real shot at changing things. Now it's dead in the water. After wasting my time for months on the N900, I'm not going to touch again a dead platform. You don't know Nokia's SOP very much, do you ? :) Their production processes are all about cranking out slightly-different versions of the same hardware/software combinations, as fast as possible, and market them as "new". Post-release upgrades are basically non-existent, even when bugs and problems are huge -- this was made very clear by the N97, but careful observers knew it from well before then. This phone won't have variations, the platform is commercially dead, so they'll just push it out of the door and forget about it. Add to this that the Maemo/Meego line has historically been seen as "experimental" (i.e. by the time a device shipped, development had long moved on and backward-compatibility had been broken), even more so now that WP7 is the name of the game for Nokia, and you can see how little they'll care for this phone once they have your cash. Nokia has had problems with NORTH-AMERICAN carriers. Everywhere else, they get along with carriers much better than, say, Apple, and this was one of the reasons for their demise. One of Jobs' great moves was to explicitly stick two fingers up at carriers and sell something CUSTOMERS wanted; Nokia was so busy making telcos happy, they started thinking customers are just a stupid herd who can be made to buy any sort of crap. Yeah but the product teams have long moved on by now. Because there are so many Qt-based apps for Symbian already, right? Oh, wait... Part of what ? They've already announced Qt won't run on WP7. They've basically offloaded everything-but-developers to Digia [1]; and I bet Digia will have a big say in what the remaining Qt developers in Nokia will get to work on. Qt might be part of their low-end strategy on S40, for big-numbers / low-profit emerging markets. Considering how iPhones are now immensely popular even in places like Cuba and how low-cost Android devices are getting ready to hit those markets, I bet that strategy will soon need revising as well... [1] http://www.engadget.com/2011/03/07/nokia-sells-qt-licensing-... Indeed there is a disconnect between the Google+ "streams" and the old-school Buzz, which does know how to interface to Twitter. That's probably one of the worst problems with the service (which is still technically in "trial mode", for what it's worth). My mother doesn't know what a mailing list and couldn't manage one to save her life, but she's quite active on Facebook. Email is the command line, social networks are Windows. I've suggested a similar feature through their Feedback link, although the other way around: G+ should detect your contacts' default languages (via GMail, for example), and then automatically create circles for different languages (you could amend them manually where you have bilingual people). When you post, G+ should then detect the language (Translate can do that!) and suggest the right circle. To work properly though, you'd also need an "intersect" feature, so that you could share something with "people in English-speaking circle AND people in Friends circle". Edit: in any case, considering their experience with Orkut (which was overrun by Brazilians and Indians using their own idioms), I bet Google is already working on language filters of some sort. It's been used by googlers for more than a year already, so that's probably why the number is so high. As the proud parent of a very chatty daughter of two, I wonder: what would be an equivalent sort of project for girls? At the moment she likes Duplo/Lego because it's one of the few areas where we connect over the gender divide, but her other roleplay and games are all about caring and she's very empathic with other children (worrying when they cry etc). I do wonder whether pointing her towards hackerdom would really be the right thing to do. Not nitpicking here: your social value does not disappear, your social status does. Smart employers will recognise your potential, and probably try to exploit your situation; don't let them get away with it, as long as your language skills are good your value to any business is intact. I say this as an economic migrant who went through a few years of "adjustment". Talk to the local embassy of the country you want to move to. In Europe, most countries give US citizens preferential treatment; chances are that they'll easily allow you to stay, but you might have to renew the visa every year or every X years, at least until you apply for citizenship / marry a local. You can work in English in any Scandinavian country, in Germany, in India, in South-Africa. You'd almost certainly struggle in Italy, France or Spain. Their remit also covers fighting the trade of counterfeited goods. There are a lot of Italian luxury items being counterfeited around the world every day (Armani, Prada etc), so the GdF was given a lot of power and money to fight knockoff traders. Then the local RIAA-equivalents managed to equate unauthorized copies of digital content as "counterfeited goods", hence involving the GdF on policing the internet -- previously a task left to the Postal Police (the separate body policing communications in Italy -- yes, it's weird how we have so many different corps, no wonder real criminals are never caught). The GdF is powerful, much more than the average Police corps, and they really don't understand the internet. Nobody can reign them in, at the moment -- some members of government are currently under investigation for corrupting GdF elements to (guess what) favour PM Berlusconi's businesses. Yeah, Italy is fucked up, that's why I don't live there anymore. Not that things are getting much better in the UK... Arch Linux is the most "vanilla" distribution you'll ever find -- their philosophy is that the machines should download original packages directly from upstream and customize them as little as possible. I know quite a few KDE devs work on Arch. Btw, for the same reasons, installing Arch is not as easy as Ubuntu or SuSE; you'll have to dig in quite a few config files. This sort of perception is what makes one think that train services in other countries are always better than in your own backyard. The truth is that, in Europe, the average level of railway service is more or less the same everywhere these days; the exception is recent high-speed technology, which is only available in a handful of countries ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-speed_rail_in_Europe ). This is how pg interpreted it. I wouldn't be surprised if the real reaction was more about _disgust_ rather than fear: I personally do like the functional programming and everything-is-a-symbol paradigms of Lisp, I just hate THOSE DAMN PARENTHESES and would probably try hard to avoid using Lisp at my workplace. Some people have the same reaction when confronted with whitespace/indentation in Python, doesn't mean they're afraid to learn it. Wikipedia says 19,000. I believe most of them will be safe, probably even in Sales, considering how the two companies hardly overlap at all. (unless Larry is really thinking to grab the patents and then chuck everything else to some Taiwanese company) Well, except for android, they can probably keep Motorola separate (as they said), wait for patent wars to stop/calm down, and then resell it. No real integration effort would be required. Could it be that your CDN and caching will refresh on Friday? I wouldn't be so sure. A lot of child-genius types end up regretting their youth and feeling like failures for the rest of their (long) lives; the risks of peaking too soon are well documented. I hope he stays humble and does what he really wants to do, which might be in a completely unrelated field, with the same intensity he's shown in this endeavour. Actually the "technology" behind wisdom teeth is quite smart. How many organisms feature resources timed to "spring" 20 or 30 years from birth, to replace lost "components"? You experience them as painful because your teeth don't rot as they used to; until the XX century, it was common for people to lose many of their teeth by the age of 30, so they were grateful for an extra set. They'd probably be dead before 45 anyway, so just a few would suffice to chew your way through the last years of your life. This is because Google Plus is so slick, it makes you forget that it's been online for less than two months. You're comparing the ecosystem of sites launched more than FIVE YEARS AGO with a brand new project. The minute they release the damn API (we're all clamouring for it, but how long did it take for FB to have an API?), every developer and his dog will scramble to support it anyway. The reports I've seensay they had a live datalink (I guess one-way only) which lasted nine minutes. They said they're happy with the data anyway, even though they don't know where it crashed (technically they don't even know it crashed, only that it stopped sending data), so they're clearly not relying on a black-box. More red tape, exactly what businesses need! Even multinationals don't enjoy having to spend extra resources to keep track of such arbitrary requirements. Will they need to register only the IP of their VPN gateways, or also the client IPs? Will they need to specify the type of software they use? What are the chances that they'll also be asked for certificates, so that spooks can snoop anyway? If I have a website running on servers in Jamaica, selling paper planes, and I use SSL because it's the right thing to do, will Pakistani customers be able to buy anything from me? Obviously I haven't registered with the Pakistani government, chances are that I don't even know what Pakistan is! This is unbelievable. (On the other hand, it's a wet dream for the likes of RIAA...) Yes he would. Queen was one of the most "commercial" bands ever, constantly rehashing their music to sound like the mainstream-of-the-day and selling out to the highest bidder. They knew that being a pop band is just an act, and what matters is how many records and tickets you sell. Freddie was quite happy to get money to be a showman, and would probably laugh at modern "indie" sensibilities like you wouldn't believe. Hell, they happily sold "We are the Champions" to any sport organization willing to pony up some cash. Tell that to Walt Disney -- last I checked, he built his fortune by "plagiarizing" out-of-copyright stories. And what about all those movies based on Wells, Verne, Conan-Doyle, Christie, Austen? One of the most successful songs ever, in economic terms, is "Whiter Shade of Pale" by Procol Harum: a blatant riff on two compositions by Bach. The likes of Rolling Stones and Eric Clapton would have gone nowhere without the ability to ransack the humongous catalogue of blues classics -- if the original black musicians and composers had enjoyed modern copyright terms, you wouldn't have had any of that. Same for Bob Dylan and folk songs. All art is derivative, originality is a myth. Sorry, am I reading correctly? Peldi should subsidize you starting your own business? That seems unfair to me :) Aside from the clear moral judgement you're making here, which doesn't belong in any salary policy, the problem with your argument is that chances are that you made that choice while maintaining a "urban" salary... i.e. you are fundamentally exploiting a loophole in "classic" remuneration systems thanks to telecommuting, and you're now complaining that those systems might be catching up. "If anything this sets up a reverse incentive to live in NYC like a college student and pocket the difference." It's a choice; everyone makes lifestyle choices, like you say, as an employer there's nothing you can do about that. Peldi's policy gives you a chance to make enough money to live comfortably wherever you want to live; I think that's quite a perk, for most people. If your lifestyle choices completely trump your professional interest in joining the company, you'd probably not be a good match anyway. Besides, the policy is weighted by bonuses, and sounds more like the starting point for a conversation rather than a straight-jacket. Knowing the man a little -- we went to the same highschool, although he already was a celebrity and I wasn't ;) -- I'm quite confident he'd do his damnedest to find a satisfying and realistic agreement for anyone interested in joining. I'm amazed at some of the replies here. "He'd pay a better-than-average base salary -- THAT'S NOT ENOUGH!" Guess what? Outside the Valley bubble, more often than not it IS quite enough. It could also benefit from better copy. "Everything from a timeline's colour scheme and date range to its background image and intro text can be changed in the Settings tab." -- a wall of badly-punctuated text, really unappealing. Kudos for the app though, it does look nice. More auto-importing and some iPhone action please :) I've lost my breath trying to read it... would use a comma or two. It's also completely useless and out of context -- that's a help box, not a sales pitch. They were accepted by European sport federations a long time ago, usually because Middle-Eastern federations refused to accept them either on ideological or security reasons. It's usually not a big deal, they're crap at everything except basketball, as far as I know. Yeah, to me this looks like a way to isolate the profit-making but old-school DVD business from the disruptive but fragile streaming platform. Studios are squeezing streaming providers for royalties at the moment, and sooner or later either the small players will fold, or streaming will fully replace dvds; by splitting services, Reed is trying to maximize its chances of maintaining at least one solid business. Still, the right thing to do would be to maintain technical integration between the two, maybe spinning off the analytics / suggestions as a third company providing services to both for a nominal fee. When your adversary is successfully framing the debate in radical and irrational terms ("You wouldn't steal a car, so you shouldn't steal a movie"), the only answer is to escalate your own radical rhetoric until a fair compromise can be reached; you create an incentive for your adversary to not be completely obliterated if/when you'll achieve total victory. If you start by admitting that your adversary has a point, there is no incentive for him to come to a compromise: he's shaping your reality, so you'll never win. At the moment we need a lot of rebalancing in terms of online rights and copyright, so the likes of PP can only be welcome. (Besides, making the Bond franchise a feature-long advert "much more than they do already" is pretty much impossible!) Usually long enough to vest any shares they've might been granted by the acquisition deal, not a minute longer (and often, even a lot less). That's usually between 6 months and two years. Yeah, because Facebook is SO private, and completely devoid of impostors and stalkers. Honestly, if this is the worst that anti-googlers can come up with, well... it isn't much. I can't help but think of bitrot. You spend an afternoon "scrapbooking" in real life, and you get something that your grand-grandsons might, one day, inherit and read in awe. You spend an afternoon scrapbooking on FB, and in ten years FB goes bust or whatever (Geocities, anyone?), and you've got nothing. I guess the real test will be my wife -- she loves scrapbooking. (this, and the first time I went through the presentation my brain was screaming MYSPACE really, really loud.) "FB as a utility" can happen only if they maintain their humongous userbase. Nobody signs up to FB "because I'll have a single-sign-on identity to use somewhere else"; they sign up to interact with their friends/family/peers, play silly games and post pictures of their cats. Zuckerberg has to constantly throw them a bone to keep them sweet while he goes spreading "Like" buttons and SSO apis through the web. The way he's managed to eat Google's lunch for five years, by coming to the SSO problem from a completely opposite trajectory, is impressive and quite cunning in its own way. I do believe however that in the long run G+ will probably do to them what IE did to Netscape. It's quite ironic how he says "Our VPN service and VPN services in general are not designed to be used to commit illegal activity", and then "there are many other legitimate uses such as the ability to unblock GEO-restricted websites." Hello, why do you think most of those sites are geo-restricted? Because of copyright laws . Circumventing those blocks in most cases means you're breaking those laws -- at the very minimum, you're breaking contractual obligations that you and the service are supposed to obey under penalty, and at worst you're committing fraud by claiming you come from a different country. By caving to the court order without a fight, HMA's owner opened the gates to every copyright troll under the sun to come knocking for logs, court order in hand. I'm the first to admit I've used HMA's webproxy to get around some stupid company firewall; I knew perfectly well I was breaking company policy and could have been sanctioned. I clearly relied on HMA not to spill the beans. It's called HIDE MY ASS, for g*d's sake. Nice to see I was wrong. A privacy service lives or dies on its reputation, and HMA's reputation is now gone forever. If it can be proved, above reasonable doubt, that you're using that IP on purpose, with the only aim to bypass such geographical restrictions on content distribution against the will of content owners... well, it'll be a tough day in court. Note that I'm not saying that IP == actual physical person or GeoIP == actual physical location. A lawyer would have to prove that you were using that computer, with that specific IP, on that date-time, and you were accessing that content in full knowledge of the fact that only US-based consumers were allowed to do that... Which is very difficult, but not impossible. Laws are always interpreted , at the end of the day. I'm sorry, you're sorely mistaken. I've worked at Oracle (been acquired) and i've seen numbers. Licensing is not the main source of profits, support is; they might sell it differently, but that's where they make the real dough. The margins are astonishing. And look at the numbers they just posted about Europe: +50%. At these levels, that's huge. I'd be happy to PAY for new screensavers or any other way to have custom screensavers without going through the pain of jailbreaking -- i have one of the recent versions which are difficult to root. I actually tried last year, opened a company and moonlighted for a few weeks. In the end I simply couldn't muster enough energy and money (I'm married and have a 2-year old daughter, with a baby boy coming up in a few weeks), so effort waned and I never launched. Then I found a more interesting and demanding job, and simply closed everything down. I still have a few domains left (xpenses.mobi and .net among others, if anyone is interested). TL,DR: startup + other job + family = didn't work for me. My experience taught me that moonlighting is hard. If you are really convinced it's gonna work, try taking vacation or sabbatical leave for a month or so (if you can) and work full time, ship the damn thing, advertise the hell out of it, and start counting the money / since your life doesn't depend on it, you need some gratification to keep going. Not many True Scotsmen around here either, dang. Their software has not "always" been lacking. T9 for example was a wonderful innovation, and looked magical at the time. They were destroying the competition back in the 90s thanks to great UI work on very limited devices. They've lost the plot when they started to ignore the limitations of Symbian, probably because they had invested so much on it very early in the game and so it had gained almost 100% mindshare among their engineers. Then the iPhone came out and the leadership lacked courage to tell engineers that Linux was the future and they should all retrain RIGHT FUCKING NOW; instead there was a lot of internal politicking, keeping Maemo at bay and trying to put lipstick on the Symbian-UI pig. Some of those layoffs are deserved, in a way, since resistance to change was coming from below as much as from above. Shame that it took an idiotic leader making the worst possible choices to make people see the error of their ways. I think people in social sciences tend to ignore the most obvious factor: military power. A successful campaign needs rapid coordinated efforts, which are best delivered by hierarchical models. And if you suck at war, chances are that your civilization won't stick around for very long. One could argue that his corporate culture (cough-handlers-cough) is really American (cough-Microsoft-cough). Autonomy is a public company, hence most of that data is probably already public -- I'm not an expert but at a glance I couldn't spot any particularly juicy "private" detail. These decks look mostly stock, good for any "introduction to my company" type of presentation... except for the very last slide, which shows a list of company valuations at various "Premium" share prices, i.e. clearly geared towards potential buyers. I don't know why Ellison and Hurd are shooting this out right now, especially considering how their "Great Satan" Apotheker has already been fired. I wonder if they're trying to undermine Mike Lynch for some specific reason (like forcing Whitman to rethink HP's "enterprise software" move, which is a direct threat to Oracle, by dropping Autonomy), they're just doing it for fun (Apotheker is a long-standing enemy in Larry's eyes, first at SAP and then at HP, and he's been humiliated in any possible way), or they simply won't tolerate being called liars (which is hard to believe, considering the sort of sharks they are). There's only so much that you can do to persuade people NOT to upgrade, especially in developing markets like India or South Africa where Nokia is traditionally strong. The rise of the middle-class in those areas will inevitably reduce demand for Nokia "smartphones" (by which they mean Symbian phones, hardly smart but whatever), squeezing their already-low margins on that sector. They would have to be constantly chasing new "poor" markets, which is hard; and they'd further tarnish the brand in traditional markets. I'm sure they can survive even by just following the current strategy to the bitter end (i.e. becoming Microsoft's bitc-- er, preferred partner). What they cannot do is to grow or even just to stay relevant. Do you really think Larry cares about what some uppity yankee hipster thinks about his company? These days, a lot (most?) of Oracle software is built in India, Eastern Europe, etc. Developers in those countries don't care about this sort of things, they care about the cold hard cash Oracle have in their coffers, which they get by selling products over geeks' heads (i.e. to their bosses' boss). Wage inflation in developing countries is much more of a problem for Larry than "boardroom etiquette". What about this? (not a joke) A) ridicule HP into dropping Autonomy bid B) because of A, the stock price of Autonomy crashes C) Oracle buys Autonomy D) Mike Lynch gets fired Being good at developing new stuff == being good at copying new stuff and quickly delivering to mainstream markets. See also: Apple, Inc; Microsoft, Inc; etc etc etc. [ I'm sure in Larry's eyes "uppity yankee hipsters" and "uppity brit hipsters" are equivalent ;) ] I don't think they have a reputation for being awkward with their own customers/partners/etc; they're unashamedly merciless with competitors, and this is well known. In the enterprise sector the two categories often overlap, but then again in those circles being a shark is actually considered a good thing anyway. At the moment their target is squarely HP, like SAP before them, and this is what it means. It's actually mildly amusing, if you've followed the whole saga with Apotheker living on a plane etc. I'm sure Neolithic tribes liked a good quarrel as much as anyone, and the models do scale down. My group of brutes has a charismatic, fairly specialized leader with good tactical skills and huge biceps; he imparts clear, undisputed commands on the battlefield and knows how to plan a nightly raid on your women. Your group of brutes is a bunch of equal individualists, with no real specialization and where each brute does his own thing, resulting in endless diatribes about "why should we defend your cave and let my cave get raided?". Maybe you have an outstanding hunter, but he can't leverage the others as easily and effectively as my uber-leader... until the tribe is so beaten down and numbers are dwindling so much that they cave in to the hierarchical model and let Best Hunter be the boss. I'm generalizing here, but there's so much we don't know about those times... Support is where Oracle makes the real money, so they're very aggressive there, but I think you're referring to the TomorrowNow case. They were bought by SAP to basically snatch Oracle customers, and "it looks like that TomorrowNow was probably cheating like mad. Instead of going to Oracle's support site and downloading only the patches and bug fixes its customers were entitled to, it downloaded all the Oracle software it could get its hands on. Oracle says TomorrowNow had a whole bank of servers skimming its computers automatically for Oracle software." (see http://www.computerworlduk.com/in-depth/it-business/3246680/... ) The "enterprise" world is full of sharks, Oracle is just one of many. Cool concept and nifty execution. It is still only pseudo-anonymous, because you need a personal URL for the repo-file. Open-source it, add some basic federation, and you have what Diaspora should have been from the start. your analogy is apt: in your opinion, a poor person will never be able to afford a Ferrari or a Porsche, so they shouldn't be able to afford top-class education either. Ferrari will never be interested in "competing for the low income section of the market"; they'll happily keep making exclusive and expensive cars, reserved to top dogs, popes and the like. The "voucher" sort of scheme will inevitably result in the State giving everyone enough money to buy a Nissan Micra, with rich parents "topping-up" to get a Mercedes, Porsche or Ferrari. Which is not much different from what you get now, just a bit worse. The key element of yakuza is that it's organized and somewhat predictable. It's violent and illegal, yes, but it's also very formalized and fairly static. Whereas in Western countries criminal cartels are wildly unpredictable, and more often than not involve innocent parties in their squabbles, Yakuza families are very conservative, in a very Eastern way, and value stability above many other things. Inevitably, in large metropolis, you'll have things like red-light districts. These places will be full of people who don't particularly value the rule of law, which means they're going to be hotbed of instability. Policemen have little incentive to risk their neck for prostitutes and various scumbags. In comes the yakuza, and order is guaranteed; nobody will make trouble, and if they do, yakuza will dispatch of them quickly and reliably. Police are happy, less work for them. They also provide easy cash, something hard to come by in a very conservative society where banks often lend money depending on your surname rather than your cashflow. They like finance as much as anybody else. In a society that (in most cases) still values tradition and stability above everything else, yakuza provides these elements to the inevitable "dark underbelly"; as long as they cover that role, rulers are not particularly interested in going after them for a bit of unpaid taxes. Nowadays it's fashionable for mainstream media to bash them because they all need scapegoats for a long-running financial crisis that has no clear culprit (apart from the usual "generalized greed" and "implicit flaws in the capitalist model", but nobody wants to really address those two, of course). maybe just adding a basic feed aggregator, so that you can easily see your friends' updates, pulling in their disqus comment threads (I have no idea whether this is feasible, i've never implemented disqus). This is quite ironic, considering that Mozart made most of his (relatively little) money by touring and composing for wealthy patrons. Somebody else made much more money out of him: sheet printers, who also ended up being the real force behind original legislation on copyright. Plus ça change... If you look at the history of smartphone development, you'll find a better analogy. You see, back in the '00s, it used to be common knowledge that "nobody pays for third-party smartphone apps". It was scientifically proved over and over again, on platforms like Symbian and Palm, by research after research. You see, back then getting hold of a mobile app was relatively hard; you had to go hunting for it online, find it in some sort of online directory, pay tens or hundreds to the directory (which was also trying to sell you some other crap like proprietary downloaders etc or spamming you or generally treating you -- and developers! --- like shit). The market was tiny and tech-savvy, and resented having to pay so much for small add-ons, often of dubious quality. Then came the Apple AppStore, and lo, all of a sudden people were paying for apps! Why? Because the ease of purchase and lower prices dramatically enlarged the market to people who simply couldn't be bothered to jailbreak and pirate just to save a few quid, or wanted to support authors. The pirate market didn't disappear, but mobile developers flourished nonetheless. Now replace apps for music, and good streaming services for the AppStore, and I think you can see where things are going: consumers wants a simple and immediate buying experience where they don't feel like they're being ripped off by third parties (even though he still is, by Apple) and with low prices. Give them that, and they're quite happy to pay; try to force them into digital slavery, and they'll resort to the black market. Now, guess what the music industry tried to do for the last 15 years. Look around you. Entertainment cartels are pushing draconian legislation across the world, making copyright infringement a criminal felony, with harsher penalties than manslaughter; they are threatening to disconnect people from the internet, which in many cases would compromise their livelihood; they are pushing DRM into software and hardware, so that you don't own your device, they do; they support Chinese-style firewalls to blacklist "pirate" websites. All this regardless of whether I actually want to buy their crappy products. If that's not digital slavery... He wasn't relying on copyright laws, which is what the parent poster was implicitly talking up with his statement; i.e. a world without copyright laws did in fact produce a Mozart, and it will keep producing it regardless of legislation. 90% of musicians make music nobody even heard of . Face it, we're not born with a burning desire to buy Metallica albums. You grow up listening to radio or watching tv, getting exposed to certain types of music (typically between 2 and 6 minutes, most on 4/4, with accompanying lyrics sung by one or two artists) and that's the music you'll end up wanting "that bad" -- pure coincidence? Artists who succeed following traditional models (who, incidentally, are the most supportive of draconian copyright laws) are the ones who marketed themselves more heavily and got more access to traditional media: they went on TV, did interviews and concerts, paid for airplay... -- without any of that, they wouldn't be "popular". To do this, they had to borrow a lot of money from their label, and often will see very little financial reward. So why they should not have to go out and sell you a t-shirt, instead of borrowing from a label to buy (increasingly more irrelevant) airplay? What's the big deal ? I don't "take" anything from anyone; I copy my Bieber, and you still have it. People who care about Bieber are still supporting him financially; people who don't, they wouldn't have bothered anyway. Since production and distribution costs have basically disappeared, supply is now virtually unlimited; economic theory tells us that the market price is now zero. Harsh reality, but that's the truth. Any law implemented to alter this state of things is simply trying to make the water flow upwards. (besides, you cannot "steal" digital content, it's just a bunch of bits; I flip mine to look like yours, and I have a copy. Which is why SaaS is so popular, of course: what is sold is now the actual service, rather than a bunch of bits.) Exactly. Android is similar to the traditional PC market, so for non-critical software SaaS or advertising are more profitable than shrinkwrap -- unless you stumble on the Android equivalent of MS Office (i.e. something so critical that people will just consider it a natural cost of doing business). Music can also provide "online updates or other interactions": think fanclubs, exclusive gigs etc. Say that, when you buy a M.I.A. song, you also get access to an exclusive website/forum for a month, where M.I.A. is going to blog or discuss with fans -- there you go, SaaS. The artist is not forced to do more than she used to, she's just reallocating time from "dealing with the increasingly irrelevant mainstream press" to "dealing with online fans". The malware point is about quality. You might get the same quality from pirates, but then again you might get malware or simply a crappy rip. If you "buy legit", you are guaranteed good quality: high bitrate / lossless formats, no clicks etc. The more I think about it, the more I see the two markets are fundamentally identical... which makes the music industry look even more stupid: with all their might and cash, they seem unable to be as profitable as some kid in California with a couple of computers. No, what I'm saying is that we're not compensating them for being great musicians , we're compensating their corporate sponsors for being great producers and marketeers . So I'd rather compensate them for being great t-shirt sellers , it doesn't really make any difference and it will probably guarantee them more cash. And how exactly is this different from any other trade out there? Plumbers are not born as such, they invest money and time to become skilled professionals; but when they fix your boiler, they don't ask for royalties every time you turn the boiler on, do they? They perform a service, you pay for the service, and everyone's happy. For example, there is no reason why the entire process shouldn't be monetized. A lot of people would pay good money to see those recording sessions, turning a risky long-term investment into immediate profit; the musician would sell a service, like any tradesman. But no, an "artist" should be able to struggle a couple of years, then watch the money flow in for the rest of his life (plus 70, exactly like a plumber's son... not). Why, it sounds a lot like rent-seeking, that most laudable of economic forces; should we really promote it with such draconian laws? Btw, to go back about your point about good music being scarce: music that fits the mainstream canon developed by a certain industry in the last 50 years is indeed scarce, probably because it was developed around a model based on scarce distribution resources -- so you over-design one item and make it as marketable as possible to a wide demographic, because your distribution costs are high so you want to make them as repeatable as possible (i.e. you want to make one album and sell a million copies, not ten albums selling a hundred thousand, because you have to modify the physical production line for each album and re-do the whole marketing push through centrally-broadcasted mass-media). In a world where such limitations are gone, music tastes will develop in different ways. The over-produced album has already been done with -- people buy single items now. Over-production of those single items will probably change as well, as people want faster and faster "updates". Changes in broadcasting are fragmenting tastes, making it very difficult to appeal to everyone, so the "waterfall model" of music production is producing increasingly diminishing returns. The industry will have to move to different models, like quick iterations (you write a song while you tour, and modify it depending on public reaction). What's so "wrong", so unbearable about all that ? The fact that the Rolling Stones might get a reduced pension? Yeah, they really should be rewarded for ransacking the blues tradition... The difference is that the plumber fixes hundreds of sinks, the artist fixes one and then extracts rent from users. "Last I checked, no artists are selling MP3s to consumers on a per stream royalty basis. " Still, every time the record is aired in public (bars etc), royalties are paid. And even when selling to consumers, they'll sell a vinyl disk, then a cassette, then a cd, then an .mp3, then a .wtf... and every time, it's the same damn recording, and if you try doing the format shifting yourself, they'd like nothing more than throwing you in jail. And let's be honest: most record companies and artists ALREADY make more money from merchandise than they make on recordings, the same way comic book publishers make more money from toys than from actual comic books. This myth of the starving artist being robbed of revenue by downloaders is just that, a myth. Now, where's that cassette that killed music back in the 80s... So be it, new deals will be struck and new forms of sponsorship will emerge. No, you are twisting the analogy, but that's irrelevant. The problem here is that a "product business" in the online world is hardly sustainable, because enforcing artificial scarcity of your product is basically impossible. Which is why the entire software industry is quickly shifting to SaaS models and consulting as fast as they can. The music business should do the same and stop whining. I wonder how much of this applies to Europe. Interest rates are extremely low at the moment, and will likely remain so for a year or two. Thanks to these low rates, banks spent two years hoarding cash, and are now starting to lend it back to businesses and consumers. The currency market is undervaluing GBP and Euro, which will help exports and global services based here. From a purely monetary point of view, the next 12 months will be great for businesses in UK... and possibly in the Eurozone as well, if the Greek bomb is somehow defused (or something else diverts media attention from it for a few months). Well, all things in economy are cyclical, so sooner or later this will really happen. This said, people like Sequoia have agendas, so they might be just trying to hurry up people on the fence in order to drum up some business for them. I bet Cthulhu's rates are dead high ;) Maybe you should try again in a few months...? In the UK things are looking better now, but then again, in last 3 years they were much worse than in the Eurozone. You're fishing for a discussion that will never end :) Let's flip it the other way: which economic elements or actors DON'T go through cycles, in your opinion ? I'm genuinely curious. The admin page is completely unprotected, you don't even get a notice about the system being private. They can't sue him, they wouldn't have a leg to stand on. To me it looks like somebody left a "DEBUG = True" somewhere on the site and went to the beach :) VPN providers must be making a nice buck from French users as we speak. EDIT: and of course, the well-connected network-bulldog agencies tasked by the French Government with "policing" must have pocketed quite a bit of change as well. Absolutely, see the recent HideMyAss fiasco. At the same time though, they cannot shut down VPNs nor really monitor them too much -- that would create problems for businesses, and lose votes. Also, even acting at the EU level would leave out "rogue" states; I'm sure lots of ex-soviet states would love nothing better than kickstarting a specialized IT sector. We'll eventually get the internet equivalent of XIX century "free trade ports" around China. Sounds like they were trying to avoid liability. If you know person X has had his account hijacked, and you do nothing, you're probably liable under some law or another. If you don't know the exact identities involved, you can feign ignorance and probably get away with it. Sorry, I'm a cinic, but I bet most people would "regret" such an opportunity with hindsight... M: "I'm pregnant." F: "I'm getting the hell out of Dodge!" M: "I have it on authority that this baby is gonna be a multi-billionaire." F: "Well, I guess I might stick around after all." Maybe because doing the same wrappers over and over again, as short as they might be, is boring? Moral questions aside, I wonder if forcing entire ethnic groups to "perform for the country" in order to earn social status is really that bad. A lot of countries have done it across the centuries (Rome, France, UK, Arabs... and more recently US and USSR); they were usually successful in "extracting value" from those groups in the short term, while in the long term fostering a sense of belonging to a non-discriminatory ideal of citizenship. Even in this case, the Soviets might have discriminated generations of Jews, but then they produced a Perelman. Productivity and long hours are inversely proportional, in my book. At Oracle UK I used to get up to 42 days, of which 10 could roll over to the following year. We were periodically overworked and under-compensated anyway (which is why I left). Our US colleagues hated were really envious. "C is a poster child for why it’s essential to keep those people who know a thing can’t be done from bothering the people who are doing it." Being a "can't be done" person is easy, being a "I'll do it" person is hard... but it's so much more fun and liberating. True story. Such things do exist, but they are so energy-intensive (water has to evaporate) that they're only used in extreme emergencies. Plus, doing it on a large scale would have effects on things we don't fully understand yet (sea levels etc). The problem with the multiple-vs-unique-ID debate is that people tend to ignore what these systems are really built for: data mining, behavioural analysis, targeted advertising etc. Users will agree with moot that separate identities are better and safer, but this is not how the real FB/Google customers see it; advertisers and marketeers want to know that user-A is an engineer AND loves cooking AND has a pet AND goes on 4chan.org/tv, not just one OR the others. That's why FB/Google try so hard to reconcile all your activities under one ID: to better represent the unique intersection of interests that will be resold to marketeers. Any feature they implement to "manage your faceted identity" will only give you an illusion of separation, and will inevitably link all your activities anyway, because that's necessary for their business model. Note that this is not a rant (I use FB and G+ every day), I just think this point tends to be overlooked when talking about "social" websites, almost like it was not polite to point out where these businesses make their money. If it's worth a few billions to Facebook, it's worth a few billions to Google. The way moot promoted "the Twitter way", I find it hard to believe. Twitter's multiple-disjointed-throwaway-identities model is completely useless to advertisers, and as such it will never be adopted by commercial websites on the same scale as the G+/FB model (unless you prescribe it by law). Unfortunately, "financial incentives" are the basis for any business. Are you arguing that Google and Facebook should be run as charities, or by the State? Or should they simply shut down their social networks and tracking, including Like buttons etc? I'm not criticizing, i'd like to know the alternatives. The problem is that data-mining for advertising purposes seems to be the only working business model to sustain a general-purpose social network at the moment. Until we come up with something better, we'll have to pony up our behavioural data if we want to enjoy this sort of activity. Heise.de only "fixed" generalized tracking, not the single-sign-on/unique-ID problem, which is the real root of the issue: as soon as a website, or Disqus, let you log on with your FB/G+ identity, you're back to square one. we all know somebody who posted the "wrong" thing on Facebook at least once... Most diseases on the same scale as malaria were effectively wiped out by vaccination, because social pressure to get rid of them was tremendously high. The same would probably apply with malaria: vaccination programs would be so immediate and massive to give it very little chance of mutating quick enough to maintain the current (massive) level of infection. Even a reduction of 70 or 80% would make an incredible difference. The only real problem will be price. GSK will want a lot of money, and most malaria-affected countries are poor. Chances are that the "developed world" will have to step in and sponsor vaccination programs to the tune of billions, making (mostly African and South-Asian) countries even more dependent on them that they are now. Some of them had just managed to get rid of old debts, and now they'll have to make new ones. I expect the debate on pharmaceutical patents will flare up again. But it'll all be worth it. I pay you money to perform a service, you take the money then you tell me you won't do that service for 6 months. If it had happened to me, I'd be quite angry. This is what Paypal is doing. I understand their overall procedure to avoid abuse, absolutely; but Diaspora is a somewhat famous project, an absolutely legit operation. You can say what you want on their deliverables, but it doesn't matter: PayPal got a nice cut out of donations to a public and very well-documented project, then turned around and said they'll keep it all for an extra 6 months. That's not cool. It got extremely good reviews on engadget, of all places, so it can't be bad. The iTunes Store came with the original iPod, and it was an integral part of Apple's strategy. You probably meant the App Store, which wasn't on the very first iPhone and was, in fact, a bit of a lucky strike. Jobs didn't want anyone installing anything on the phone (classic Apple control-freakery at its finest), so he insisted for months after launch that extensibility would come exclusively from sandboxed web-applications. Eventually they did release a SDK and establish a process to publish apps, but only after encountering overwhelming demand. Last I checked, KDE 4 already supports SVG pretty much everywhere, making it work with high-resolution screens without problems (in theory). I dropped out not once, not twice, but three times from three different courses; I now make more money than most of my high-school peers, and this only because I WAS DAMN LUCKY to end up in a fairly obscure niche of a very small but lucrative market. I'll always regret not getting that damn degree, because now I simply couldn't get back "on the rails" if I wanted to: my CV will be dropped by 99.9% of standard employers, no matter how well I might be performing at my current job. My sons (now 2 and 0) will get a university education, may that be the last thing I do. At the same time, I know people who saw through their undergraduate course in 7 years (not uncommon, in Italy, for hard-science degrees) and that also was not good -- some of them are now damaged in psychological terms, clinically depressed and underemployed. That should not happen. Upvoting because, as a parent of one (well, two in a few weeks), I find it very hypocritical when people really don't want to admit that that 49% is a INCREDIBLY HUGE PAIN IN THE A$$. Apart from being exceptional time-sinks, children can be infuriating "just because". It's not that you have to explain everything (that's expected), it's that you have to do it 15 times, and you know they got it after the very first one but still refuse to do what necessary "just because" -- because they want to see your reaction, or because they want to exercise their power on you, or because they don't really want to go see Grandpa Smelly, or because they feel kinda lazy, or because there's a lovely shiny thing somewhere, or because... by the end of the argument, they probably can't even remember. And obviously they'll try to crush your laptop under the heaviest object, or crawl on you when you're typing The-Most-Important-Email-Ever, and by the time they're 10 they'r probably going to send porn links to your entire addressbook just because it's funny. Etc etc etc. Obviously I love my daughter and I'll love her brother, but if it was for my brain alone, that 51-49 split would be more like a 10-90 no-contest one-party landslide. I think he meant the feeling you get is different: the first time, it's all wonderful and unexpected and This Baby Will Be President. By the time Jr-Jr comes along, expectations will be more... subdued. From what I understand, they make more sense wherever Chrome is used as the main OS GUI ("chromeos" or whatever), basically being yet another app store. I subscribe to the view that music hinders concentration more than it favours it. Your brain is forced to multitask, which is inherently more difficult than concentrating on one line of thought. However, I have seen it working in a pavlovian way, signaling to the brain that "it's time to work". This can be useful when conditioning people who struggle to concentrate for long periods. I agree. I'm lucky enough to work in silent surroundings. It's still a widespread constituency that the cartel has to listen to -- they are in many ways their paying customers, and if all their paying customers run to competing cartels, they have a problem. I'm sure they will be reminded of this every time they "collect"; in very soft tones of course, but still. I don't know why they just didn't try to automatically convert the Readers categories of users into G+ circles, plus a button "not on G+? click here and join". Google -1 on this one. (and yeah, the new grey-on-grey style is really bad and depressing.) damn, I fell for it again: joined, didn't particularly like it, decided to delete my account... and there is no way to do it. Sigh. You guys keep doing this, and sooner or later some EU commissioner with half a brain will crack down on the practice, and then we'll all be poorer. No surprise there, it's just a legacy from typewriters after all. These days, unless you're doing data-entry or a lot of SQL, caps-lock is just wasting (a lot of) prime keyboard real estate -- on the home row, no less! Tim O'Reilly makes a good point here: https://plus.google.com/107033731246200681024/posts/aZSZCsAc... : "It isn't really Vim's 20th birthday. It's a lot closer to its 35th!" Because of course, vim is really just an extended and improved version of the venerable vi, the first screen-oriented editor for Unix. While the article starts out with a history of vi, it somehow treats it as if it were a grandparent, rather than the template for what remains. The core design of vim reflects the design insights of Bill Joy, not those of Bram Moolenaar, who refined and updated them." yeah, but for various (historical) reasons people like to DO IT ALL IN UPPERCASE TO DISTINGUISH LANGUAGE SYNTAX FROM "actual data". As usual, computer science is an embarrassment for the computer. Comparing to current Euro rates (which I know), they look about right at today prices. That's another scandal. Swedish prosecutors never issue international arrest warrants to question random Joe Sixpacks, certainly not for very dubious accusations like these. It's a shame that such a civilized country is being dragged through the mud by politically-motivated scumbags. And the Apollo program was hardly a poster-child for capitalism: federal government-run program, very centralized and partly militarized, very wasteful and expensive, at a time when marginal rates of taxation where above 70%. Let's be honest: massive technological pushes that do not deal with production efficiency have nothing to do with capitalism or even democracy. "If these were physical books", there would be a material loss involved: Publisher A paid to produce X books, the distributor lost part of them, and now the Publisher cannot sell them anymore, suffering a direct and quantifiable economic loss. Here, it's more like the distributor left their books around in a library, and some people got to read them for free. The publisher can still sell them. There is no direct loss, the damage is hardly quantifiable (it might actually turn out to be a net positive in the end, given all this free publicity). The digital world is funny like that. EDIT: this is not to say that Amazon shouldn't be held accountable for their mistake, if there is a breach of contract involved; just that it doesn't matter whether there were 6000 downloads or 60. Content piracy is unauthorized distribution. Amazon here was authorized to distribute the material; they are in trouble if and only if the authorization was somehow revoked when the price reached zero. My point that there was no real loss is tangential to the actual case. No, it's like people read the book, went home, and wrote it down again. The original book is now back in the shop and the publisher is free to sell it. How can you "lose" a sale that you don't know you'd get? I bet 6000 downloads for an unknown writer of zombie-pulp wouldn't have happened without the £0 price tag. We can argue about it all day, but the fact is that there is no direct loss, and if there is an indirect one, it's still very, very hard to quantify. No, my point was simply that analogies between real and digital world are flawed and shouldn't be used. > Too bad about artists who make incredibly wonderful CDs but have no stage presence. I guess they don't deserve to be artists then. Too bad about those companies who make incredibly beautiful buggy-whips, but have no other income, I guess they don't deserve to be buggy-whip makers then! Either we embrace the capitalism-fuelled race to productivity enhancement or we don't, but I fail to see why a minority of the population is entitled to lifetime (and even posthumous) subsidies because they refuse to show themselves in public, while the remaining 90% is not. > I don't care about the profits of obsolete middle men. I care about someone who's good at music, acting, writing Then how can you defend a system that was written by and for these obsolete middle-men? A system that sees the overwhelming majority of arts-related profits going to middlemen, while artists starve ? For each billion dollars in the entertainment industry, only a few millions go to a few selected, market-friendly artists, and that's obscene. That's part of the reason why they actually don't pay any of it. Tax evasion is widespread and in the open; the government periodically reacts with amnesties, which is the catholic thing to do, right? All is forgiven, let's try again! But what are you going to do, knowing there is going to be an amnesty sooner or later? You just don't pay, of course. So the State is not getting enough money, and they have to create a new tax to cover the shortfall, which will increase the official rate but that's ok, because almost nobody is paying it anyway, not even your main politician for 17 years, and he's fucking rich. This makes the real tax rate between 5 and 20%, depending on the specific amnesty you're going to enjoy, how much you feel like paying, and how good is your accountant. Italian university is... complicated. There are areas of excellence -- medicine, architecture, even engineering (!) -- but a lot of undergraduate courses are expected to run for more than 5 years, and that's a very long time for non-STEM stuff. The average length is much lower in other countries, and the format much more flexible. And I say this as a serial drop-out who now lives abroad. It really depends which part of the country we're talking about. Some cities (Milan, Rome, Bologna, anywhere in Tuscany) are incredibly expensive. I wonder if "operational miscues in EMEA" means "no marketing whatsoever". This is the first time I hear about GoogleTV, and I live in the UK. If you launch something as mainstream as this, you better have a marketing campaign to go with it. 90% of music videos on youtube are unauthorized, i.e. piracy. You've basically described talent shows (x-factor etc). I do use adblock, but i meant things like roadside advertising. I saw plenty of those when they pushed Chrome, none for revue. I don't watch much tv, but my friends do and they never mentioned it. The business logic is "the hard part" only in terms of client communication and project management, and then only barely. Yeah, but it's the part that most customers actually want . They pay for that, not for javascript widgets. A lot of customers are incredibly happy with basic, predictable interfaces, as long as they perform all the necessary "magic" calculations in the background, quickly and reliably. So many developers waste their time chasing "the shiny", but most of the money is actually elsewhere. And it was quite successful, the law was basically mothballed. The idea that if someone works hard on something, they ought to have some commercial control over it is sound. Doesn't pass my personal "plumber test": the plumber works hard on plumbing an office, should he have commercial control on those tubes for 14+ years? To fix it we would have to invent a device that can scan something the plumber has done and then recreate it on demand. It's called China, and that's why prices for units of work in most industries have been falling, in real terms, for the last 30 years. An author's unit of work is the same unit of work as a plumber's; the difference is that, in the author's case, the client is not the real client: the work is commissioned by a reseller (the editor), and the reseller wants to enjoy all the advantages of cultural work (low costs, infinite duplication) without any of the downsides. Whenever they find a downside, they force a law to remove it artificially. Maybe it's time people start taking local TLD seriously then, redirecting from .com/.net/.org to safer places. They all sound so '90s anyway. Too easy to dismiss and ignore -- after all, it's just a glorified list of links, on a dark background that feels more like something belonging to the browser bar rather than to the actual website. With the new design, the bar will take over the search feature, which is something you use every day, the single feature every google website shares, so you won't be able to ignore that the bar exists, and with the bar, your G+ profile, which is the real target... I'm not convinced that hiding the links is entirely a good idea though. No. Every EULA you'll click through will include some clause restricting usage to 30 days for evaluation purposes, except in a few cases (db client, beta versions, XE edition, Technology Network stuff, Linux etc). And they do enforce that clause as soon as they find you're using any of their stuff. Plus, you need an account on their site to download pretty much anything, so they'll know what you download, and from time to time you might get a call to see how that "reviewing" is going, especially if you are not a customer yet. It makes it very easy for people to get access to software and to learn, however, especially if they're covered by a company who is already a customer. Many of those have moved already. I remember seeing similar posts... Oh yes, Angry Birds at one point was more profitable on Nokia N900 than on iPhone. Make of this what you will. Go back and check, they're all running on 3 already. Have a good migration :) Aren't Canonical and CouchDB all open-sourcey, community-first etc etc etc? Then why the secrecy here? To me, it sounds like couchdb just failed to scale in a big way and revealing how would basically kill the project, so Canonical are trying to do the polite thing. Note that the data is heavily skewed -- 77% of all SR listings apparently are for one UK seller, who probably just had the misfortune to pick that day to flog his wares. You'd need to automate data retrieval and average it over a few months to get a better picture. (edit: listings, not transactions; thanks archivator for the correction) Actually, I don't think that'll happen. Who flies with Ryanair ? People trying to save money. If their website is too easy to use, these people will peruse it for hours, trying to find out the cheaper combination of flights to go from "somewhere near Madrid" to "somewhere near Berlin". If RA raises the bar a little bit, these people will probably give up one or two queries earlier, hence picking some more "natural" route that will likely make RA a bit more money. Most customers won't think (or know) about the competition, RA has a very strong brand, so the chances that they'll just give up and go elsewhere are fairly slim, especially after having invested all that time going through captchas. Captchas are very unfriendly towards older and less computer-literate people, but those segments are more likely to go through phone or agencies anyway. (Not that I care, I stopped using RA years ago.) They just don't care about "good anything", they only care about cheap. If it was practical for them to provide only a telnet server, they would do it in a heartbeat. Nokia tried to push this line for ages. Yes, it's potentially a very good idea, but in practice you need the content to appeal to actual users. Low-end users like low-end content (ringtones etc), which is what sells on those platform. Apps are substantially crippled by platform limitations in that space, so they are not enticing enough for a clientèle who privileges flashy stuff. I'd usually sleep 6 to 9 hours, but our newborn baby is keeping me up at the moment, so it's more like 5 hours. Result: instant illness :( Overall, I feel great through the day when I get 9 hours straight (rare); with 6, I wake up very productive (adrenaline is pumping!), but I'll inevitably crash in the afternoon. Any value in between, I'll need caffeine to wake up; my body works on 3-hours cycles. Basically, yes. US and UK have central banks who will underwrite illogical levels of debt while (supposedly) maintaining a certain level of credibility; the EU has a galaxy of central banks who, individually, cannot do that any more, and a central bank which is not allowed to even try. I don't like to say this, but the only logical solution is the one put forward (half-heartedly) by Sarkozy: let the ECB be the European FED, a proper central bank with full powers at European level, so that debt can be underwritten by Europe as a whole. The collective credibility of Europe as a huge market and productive force is unquestionable, so this would stop speculative moves and stabilize the system. Unfortunately, Germany is currently led by a chancellor who thinks she's running a Bavarian village, and would rather try to save her cows into a "safe barn" than to stop the avalanche from getting into the valley in the first place. This makes it easy for US and UK media to fuel doubt in the Euro, indirectly boosting their own currencies and helping themselves to artificially-low borrowing rates. And I say that as a UK citizen who will eventually benefit from this state of things (through increased public investment, or rather less ferocious cuts by the bunch of aristos currently running the show over here). The fiscal "breathing room" is there, but at European level (Ireland, Netherlands etc). Some US states also have an unmanageable level of debt, but it's balanced out across the whole union through the FED; in Europe this is not allowed by current treaties. A beautiful story which is only partially true, and which would probably never scale. Paris alone has 7 times the population of Iceland; good luck having the whole European population "reformulate their Constitution[s]". Quoting Sir Humphrey: "Britain has had the same foreign policy objective for at least the last five hundred years: to create a disunited Europe. In that cause we have fought with the Dutch against the Spanish, with the Germans against the French, with the French and Italians against the Germans, and with the French against the Germans and Italians. Divide and rule, you see. Why should we change now, when it's worked so well?" We've heard all this before, with the Maastricht treaty and the fixed deficit/GDP ratio imposed by Germany in the 90s. The result? Whenever France and Germany felt like ignoring the rules ("because of political pressure from the voters"? oh no, northerners are so virtuous, they'd NEVER do that, would they?)... they did just that, invalidating them for everyone else. It's all posturing. We will be back to this in 10 or 15 years regardless of any "rule" imposed now by Germany, unless we switch to superpower-mode and let the ECB play on the same level with the Yankees and the Chinese. The current agreement takes powers from individual banks but then it doesn't give them to a new subject; a huge macroeconomic power is kept hostage to the lie that the EU is not a unified body when, for all intents and purposes, it will have to be if it wants to survive. Otherwise we might as well go back to our little villages and watch them being crushed one after the other. Merkel might keep enjoying her cows a couple of years more than the others, full of her righteous fiscal discipline, and eventually she'll be bought off by the Chinese like everyone else. Link! It's just too funny to ignore it. http://www.videohippy.com/video/113264/Yes-Minister-Sir-Hump... I'm pretty sure this has been done. I remember seeing something extremely similar while going through several of the umpteen python web frameworks and thinking "well, it's just html with parentheses rather than angled bracket and an additional leaky abstraction on top". If I may play devil's advocate for a minute, it's also true that some of these access fees were originally introduced to recoup costs. The idea was that some of these services would pay for themselves, relying on general taxation only for funds necessary to bootstrap, then run "forever" with zero impact on public finances. So, once we say that all public data should be free, we should also accept that the economic burden of creating that data will also be entirely covered by general taxation, year after year. Personally I'm not against the idea, but I bet a lot of people would be, probably even many of those now complaining that they're "taxed twice". denied using , not denied shipping . Most likely the software is there, but non-US vendors (and law enforcement agencies -- not everyone is as clued up and as resourceful as the FBI) simply don't exploit it. Show me a (useful) website that costs less than $5 for lifetime access. Many SAAS companies charge the same as an app, but per month , so you can't really compare it with a one-off payment. I don't understand whether you're trolling or not. Google doesn't make you pay for access, last I checked. Talking about iPhone and Bluetooth: is there any app that would make it easier to switch BT on and off? BT and WiFi are major power drains, so I always switch them off as soon as I can, but it's a major pain. By default you have to go to Settings -> General -> Bluetooth -> on/off -- 4 taps, which is ridiculous. It's slightly better for WiFi, "only" 3 taps. Ideally I'd be able to get buttons on my home screen that will quickly switch these on or off with 1 tap. That's sweet. Incredibly useful AND a nice showcase of what's possible with special web clips on iOS. Installed and donated $10, well worth it. Yeah, this would be a killer app if interfaced with some online recipe repository (there are several), but then it would require some additional UI to weed out recipes based on individual requirements ("too hard", "too slow", "not vegetarian" etc). Now I'm tempted to go write my own webapp to do that, lol :D Oh they do, all the time. OSS, ALSA, PulseAudio... http://xkcd.com/927/ The way Poettering dismisses the "1970s unix mindset" is really sad. Here we have a big Linux contributor who apparently doesn't appreciate his heritage, which explains why he's constantly trying to reinvent it... and poorly, as the saying goes. I'm one of those who really didn't see the need for PulseAudio or any of the *Kit stuff, and even HAL was kind of a train wreck (all those years to make it stable and supported by desktop managers, to then throw it all away). I'm sure he's just the most visible advocate of this approach, not the only one, but he's certainly responsible for a lot of the misery Linux desktop users like me were and are subjected to. After a decade of Linux on my desktop, I've switched back to Windows 7 in early 2011 and, to be honest, I'm quite happy I did. The failure of Linux as a commercial desktop is also (not entirely, of course) his responsibility, considering the crap he pulled with all the desktop components he messed with (PulseAudio, HAL, DBUS etc etc), so clearly it's not a causal factor for his behaviour. "A year or two before it was ready", people like Lennart were already advocating it as The One True Way for Linux audio, so I don't blame Ubuntu for jumping the gun. Besides, looking at how things go in that area, now that it works well enough it will probably be replaced quite soon. No, it's because they're coherent experiences, developing single components over 10 or even 20 years. They don't chuck out entire subsystems on a whim, breaking compatibility with everything and then blaming anybody but themselves for the resulting mess. Edit: it's quite astonishing how such a wide ecosystem of developers continues to misunderstand how you build successful developer ecosystems. monopolistic behaviour and a solid, conservative set of well-documented APIs. the official links are still very, very slow to respond. These are much faster. "Someone connecting to a "open" MySQL server will only be able to run those type of queries (select,update or delete) that he is explicitly permitted to run" ... bar any security vulnerability in your sql engine, which is bound to exist -- relational databases are historically less hardened than web servers, because they're less subject to abuse (they mostly run in safe intranets, not on the big bad Internet). An application layer inbetween malicious users and your databases will provide proper input validation and security in addition to flaky db security, and (in most cases) it will guarantee that your database will remain intact should malicious users crash your front-end code -- which, when properly secured, will also have minimal rights on the schema, hence insuring that attackers don't get more rights than absolutely necessary for the app to run. At the very minimum, it will provide an additional barrier that malicious users will have to overcome before getting at your data goodies, giving you additional time to get on top of things. The internet is a permanent war zone. Running an open relational database on the internet is like having an HQ not surrounded by tanks, because "after all, nobody can get through our glass doors unless they have the right papers". I'd honestly like to know how you can "safely copy files" with Explorer. You know a lot of viruses, you don't know all the viruses. How can you discount the possibility that, one day, the USB interface itself will be subverted to spread viruses ? I'd argue that even then, they are less hardened against network-layer exploits than your average webserver. Network security is bread & butter for a webserver, not for your enterprise DB running in safe intranets with only cursory penetration testing. a "story" that doesn't consider security over the internet is doomed to get your rooted sooner or later. If you really can enjoy the same level of semi-instantaneous knowledge of "virusdom" as AV companies, then you're the 0.00001% of the population. Your solution simply doesn't scale in the real world. No self-respecting geek would ever recommend any Sony gear anyway. Their hardware arm is a slave to the content-producing arm, who has been crippling new devices with broken DRM since the 90s. That's technically illegal in the EU, where two-year warranties on electronics are compulsory. This means EU resellers and OEMs will have to be responsible for that second year, or drop Seagate. A MacBook when he was 9 ? Damn, I'm 32 and still cannot really justify one. And I'm sure his parents had nothing to do with his funding arrangements, of course. I hate to talk about privilege, and this kid is clearly smart, but the smell of upper class is hardly bearable, sorry. I said "justify", not "afford". I could afford to buy a house in Hawaii, but that doesn't mean I could justify the expense :) That's not been true at least since Blair got into power. Any additional revenue stream is good for papa! At some point, research was commissioned by movie industry types to find the viewers' "time of highest alertness", i.e. when to deliver the best scene. It turns out that viewers are most focused in the first 20 minutes, which is consistent with most research efforts in other fields (see the usual stuff about 15 mins presentations etc). Trailers were already being shown in that timeframe, to allow for latecomers, so adding regular ads was a no-brainer. I wouldn't be surprised to learn that they raised the timeframe from 20 to 30/40, and probably factored some randomness in, just to defy that sort of strategy. Some cinemas in the UK do this. It's hell to police, especially at "low" times, and because of that, most high-payers end up resenting it. Except insurance against "acts of God" is extremely hard (and expensive) to get. The free market has spoken: when emergency strikes, f*ck the poor people. Among other things, he'd spend his time enacting anti-abortion laws. Thanks for the downvotes, but what's wrong about what I said? He's openly anti-abortion, and promoted anti-abortion legislation at Federal level (source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_positions_of_Ron_Paul... ). Presumably, he would do the same once elected. The free market doesn't owe you anything indeed, but society , which the government represents, is a very different thing. Sorry, I'm European and hardcore US "free-marketism" is so incredibly alien from here... I mean, the free market wouldn't ever give me 24 days of paid vacation every year, so why should I want more of it? There is no threat of violence, workers' rights are a civil matter, penalties are financial. So yeah, society should force wealthy people, at the threat of financial ruin, to give their workers a decent lifestyle, to compensate for the unfair advantage they enjoyed (in terms of education and family networks as well as purely financial) and to basically let them call the shots on everything else. Obviously, as a social-democratic position, this moves from an implicit critical view of original capitalism, i.e. rich people exploiting the poor for financial gain, as observed through post-XVII-century history (more so in Europe than in the US, I guess, which might explain why it's not as widely accepted a concept over there). Times when Charity was widely praised and practice, but clearly was never enough. Obviously, if all economic disparity was eliminated overnight, things would be different. I look forward to the 1% renouncing their fortunes in order to establish a free-market utopia where such laws wouldn't be necessary. If you don't pay the financial penalties your assets are seized and you go bankrupt... or not even that, in most cases, thanks to the concept of LLC. People don't go to jail for breaking workers' rights like holiday entitlements, let's not make it more dramatic than it is. Switzerland is really not a model when it comes to racism. Until very recently, its government was blatantly organized along ethnic lines, with clear glass ceilings for some groups. Public opinion is very conservative on this matter, and most laws are enacted in clearly racist terms. Uk honours are titles (Commander of the British Empire, etc). A lot of people have a say on the list of people to be honoured, but the Prime Minister is the most influential of the lot. Technically speaking the monarch could overrule any objection (afaik the process is not defined by any specific law or regulation, just built on convention), in practice it rarely ever happened with Elizabeth II. It will be interesting to see how this, like many other conventions established under her rule, will morph once we go back to having a male King who will be more popular than the political establishment, something that hasn't happened for a very long time. Anything published in the press ( news etc ) is considered formal. Not that related laws are enforced much, these days; even the BBC routinely gets it wrong. She wasn't necessarily so when she "took office" and formed her views on what her role had to be. At various stages, up to the 80s, a large segment of the population would have happily done away with the monarchy, which is unthinkable today. In a way, her constitutional profile as a weak ruler was a way to sneak the institution past turbulent times. The next ruler will probably find himself, from the very beginning, more popular than powerful. The temptation to wrestle back some power from an unpopular political class will be strong, and there are very little safeguards. This wouldn't necessary be a bad thing: the UK system values pragmatism over principles, maybe restoring some royal privileges could be useful to get us out of the current ideological rut. Chances are that Charles will never be king, and if he is, it won't be for very long. How many people are able to spend 5 years without income ? Should we commend Mr. and Mrs. Watterson Sr.? Without them, Calvin & Hobbes might have never been created; but how healthy is it to subsidize your children for so many years, hoping that they'll eventually find their own way ? As a (not particularly wealthy) parent, this is the sort of question I keep asking myself, and my experience tells me to do the exact opposite of what the Wattersons did. Oh but they are: the number of technical howtos and tutorial on the internet is huge. Just because they are not collected and printed on dead trees doesn't mean they are not published. The critical factor is always publicity, rather than distribution models. Louis didn't get publicity because he put stuff on the internet, but rather because he had built a following with his previous work, and used that to publicize this effort. He could have spent three months in a glass box suspended on the Hudson river and sold the tape at some random street market, and he would have probably received the same amount of money and attention. The OP knows this very well, and is actually just trying to get publicity by arbitrarily linking his dad's stuff with Louis' name. To be honest, it's quite disgraceful. Cool, yes; newsworthy, not really: people have been doing this since 2002 at least. The newsworthy factor for Louis was about a big comedian deserting the old distribution model, something that had mostly been done before only in the music world (Radiohead, Trent Reznor, etc etc). (Even the, it got much more publicity than it really deserved, but that's the magic of showbiz for you.) But this? This is a nobody uploading mp3s on the net. Is this new? No. Is this hacker-related? No. Is this Louis-related? No. It's just a marketing trick. What next, "hey Hacker News, here's my store selling potatoes directly on the internet, I'm doing it like amazon" ?