There's a bigger mistake. If government keeps torturing until all volumes are discovered and unblocked (or until you're dead), than why your points when you have hidden partition are higher, when you don't? Considering this, it is no longer a strictly dominant strategy for you to have it. Was not having one global currency - one of the main reasons to introduce currencies in the first place? All those "national" currencies will be susceptible for 50%+1 attack. No HTTPS. Go and die. The author is short-sighted. He doesn't know any descent modern OO language, but tries to review Swift. Except ARC and syntax differences, it is more like a subset of F# or Scala That's what I said. Swift is a subset of F#/Scala. What are the alternatives? You have to ship secret keys with your app to be able to access public APIs Typical bullshit. How is it related to Hacker News? We did some progress on PhoneGap http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/vstudio/dn722381.aspx FreedomPop Bad title. Article only says about correlation. It's just you > JavaScript will always be the (or, a) scripting language for the browser, and if something new emerges, we will all have plenty of time to prepare. Thing is - what if it already emerged, but you missed that? The whole article seems faulty. At least I fail to see how this experiment proves wrong to use mirror test to check for self-awareness as opposed to proving pigeons can be trained to be self-aware. I bet that Notch will make it free to stay for hackers (in a good sense). This man created the best start for the next generation across the globe. No idea on other stuff, but immobilizer for auto, which is like kill switch for phones, reduced car theft multiple times (3+) since it was introduced. https://archive.org/ BS Great service, guys, but beware of the first waves of fraud. I don't think ECC will help. Where you can flip one memory bit, you can flip two consequently. Nice. But does not scale. Two questions to author: what was his grandfather charged for, and did Soviet slavery machine forced his father to become drunkie? I'm on nightly, and popup is blank for me. Have some extensions though. Clickbait title Did you do double blind? I would say it is still a very big achievement. Imagine you being able to do something you were not before, just thinking about that. Useless site advertising campaign fed up my news feed. Because people from normal langs or without cs background expect type cast roundtrip to return original value if temp type can represent any value of source type (e.g. string can represent any value of bool) > No one believes Putin is a genius Oh, man, I wish this was true. Just like Dmitri back in Russia I tried to prevent elections fraud, and even though I myself got forcibly removed from the site, and my friends recorded fraud, some my other friends did not care. But that's not the worst: some still think Putin is a genius after knowing that! Now I'm in US. Fuck them. I had a similar project in progress, but paper author's university declined to licence technology. Did you somehow managed to convince them, or did you register as non-profit? It is pending. The study itself is behind the paywall, so there's no actual data to discuss. It would be very funny, if the study result was actually produced by a gender difference, rather than a profession. A ton of bullshit in the article, and the cancellation reason is never stated. Why is it even here? Yeah, then call it 'Almost jQuery 100500' Seems like it is a good way to peacefully fight religion. I'm sad to see how children are being deprived from basic rights to freely exchange information. It's not the age, that makes you dumb enough to share something you shouldn't for your own good. This, and enforcing religion on kids by their parents are two things why we, the Internet, should start a campaign for children's rights. If you were drawn to the article, thinking it is about mysterious rock movements on Mars - you got clickbaited. Nothing like that. Just uncommon material. Great article series. Very easy to understand, and brings a lot of inner works of a managed runtime out. Risking get fire for self-adv, but some time ago I made a very simple static HTML-based ePub reader (does not even support contents or pictures), but with some sync over Google Drive. I used it mostly because I have a wide diversity of platforms in my possession, and want to sync between them. Here's the link: https://h5reader.azurewebsites.net/# A commie here. I actually liked Atlas a lot. It still inspires me to do work, rather than sit on my ass. For that I recommend it to people. It is great in that. No so much in 'honest - then, and only then - capitalist' part. Long speeches never bothered though - you can always skip them, because you kinda know what they are talking about for 10 pages. I don't think it is a good thing though. Wind power will not scale to cover humanity's needs for entire 20xx, not to mention 2xxx. I'd rather see all this hype going to fusion research. Not sure this particular algorithm has anything to do about economics, except its author is an economist. I personally believe Transcendence has the most realistic future (if you exclude humanity at the very end of it). No details given. Source? AFAIK most DX12 samples in SDK are not UWP. AFAIK, there are no such features. Desktop app can use any UWP component maybe minus UI controls (but there's WPF) That's not a real solution, because its not scalable. They should literally be scaling horizontally rather than vertically. There's a lot of less densely populated space around. That's not a real solution, because its not scalable. They should literally be scaling horizontally rather than vertically. There's a lot of less densely populated space around. Still NO, Google That is so very true. The worst part is - I had a prototype in 2012, but never actually finished it until now. Hope this will find its place in enterprise, where every dollar matters. That's not so true. I'm usually very annoyed, when navigating my pictures or video collection, and thumbnails appear after several seconds. Same with large folders. I have to agree with maxpert. When Windows 10 was about to be out, I was ready to bury that project, because both Linux, and OS X already had that, and I expected MS to integrate something similar. However, 1 year later it is still only available in Windows Server, and extremely hard to configure. Regarding SRT - it is good, but bound to a particular hardware, so does not suite everyone. Not sure I understand your idea. Windows already caches reads to some degree in RAM. This project gives less speed, than RAM disk, but allows to cache much more. TL;DR Why is it a myth? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergey_Brin Dumb ad Compensation? Paywalled I kinda agree with the title (but not the article), as all that green bullshit wastes money, that could otherwise go to fusion research. Green energy simply can not scale. As shown by haberman's comment and a reply by yummyfajitas below, our brain clearly does not operate on pure statistics, as most people are subject to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conjunction_fallacy Is it here because of that Tesla hipe? Tens of cars per year probably crumple just like this Model S, but there are (rightfully) no articles on HN or other IT web sites about that. Fail story: I have SSD + HDD caching for Windows ( https://diskache.io/ ). But due to lack of marketing skills, and, perhaps, lack of common store for system software for Windows, even free Beta version has been downloaded by like 3.5 people during 3 months of availability. I don't have exact download count, but only 13 people actually launched it. ReadyBoost does not cache writes at all. Windows Server 2012 R2 actually have similar feature, but it requires some PowerShell magic to set it up, and only available in Server. Ideally, Islam should be banned, because https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostasy_in_Islam#Punishment + the fact, that children of muslims are considered muslims is quite incompatible with modern humanity. Does not say anything about technologies used, requirements, or who gets computing resources. But the general idea is great! Also, will be nice to have some competition! At this moment, why would government give any tax breaks to gay couples if most of them (even in the states, where they are allowed) do not raise children (which, I believe, is the reason for those tax breaks in the first place)? So we've just got from 'evil' "votes against same-sex marrige" that Mozilla CEO guy was fired for, to "cosiders tax breaks are for families to (eventually) get children" -> "votes against gay marriages because they don't get children even if though they can", which does not look evil at all. I could probably summarize opinions of those voted against same-sex marriage in "marriage and any tax benefits coming from it are there to support people who will eventually raise children". I see, that gay people are not happy, because opposite-sex marriages still get some benefits, but some of them do not end up having kids. In my opinion, to separate the bugs from the meatloafs, we should separate living together and having kids legally. And the first one should be available to any kinds of partners, but should not provide any benefits, and the second should give benefits, and be positively recognized in society as "family". But allowing gay-marriages is in no way makes lives closer to that. I agree. We should instead disallow non-bearing children couples from being married, or remove tax benefits. IMHO, we could have made it all very clear, however, most people would not understand if government would try to redefine 'family' to require kids, because common understanding of family is a deeply conservative thing, and even most liberals would not feel that change good. I would go even further, and would provide tax credits for anyone planning to have kids in, say, the next 5 years, and I would take money back after 5 years, if no kid is out. See discussion below. Does it support deep sleep and push notifications? No, but I am trying. Seems to be Linux-only problem. Care to check for driver updates, and that GPU rendering is actually enabled? I mostly use Skype Give them a chance to recover funds. Maybe they'll comeback. Potential vector of attack to look for, not an exploit. Thus, flagged. That problem seems to be specific to Android. I had Samsung ATIV S, which did not have this problem at all (Win Phone). However both S3 and Nexus 6 have it. The later I bought in part to make it go away at least partially:( TL;DR; Azure Queues (and any other component of Azure Storage) have 20000ops/sec limit per storage account. Those guys used a single storage account for all queues. They increased load a bit, and hit this limit. Azure throttled them every now and then to a complete stop. Solution was to have multiple queues in multiple storage accounts. IMHO, important information to keep in mind when building horizontally scalable service. Every message channel/storage should be ready to be sharded in some way. I guess it is time to consider.NET. With Linux support and upcoming JetBrains IDE that will be the smoothest transition possible. That does not cancel the fact, that only a minority of desktop gamers do not have Steam constantly running on their PCs. Time to delete Opera Link account, and uninstall the Mini :( Matter does not have to cross existing horizon for horizon to grow. Imagine a horizon radius R for a mass M (R=horizon(M)). Despite no matter would be seen touching that, time in sphere between R and R+dR ticks slowly even for external observers. So matter can get into this thin sphere in finite time. As soon as dM of matter gets into this sphere so that horizon(M+dm) > R+dR, the black hole now has increased radius and mass. Everything that was frozen on the surface of BH is now inside the BH. I am not sure what interpretations have to do with symmetry of equations. Actually, your Facebook argument kinda sucks. Number of people who lived without Facebook is likely on the same order as number of its current users (if not lower by now), and most of them had much worse education. Can't quantum physics on its own predict proton radius? Seems a lot like trolling. But the answer is - go to the next interview. I really wonder why those techy multibillionaires invest in medicine rather than techy stuff. I'd rather like to see fusion and hardware research done. Speaking globally, that might just bump global economy so significantly, the illnesses would go down just because more people would be able to afford education and medical care easily. I don't ever read this word often, but still did not notice this as well. This kind of stuff should be marked by robots. To be honest, he did not suggest to sterilize them. So his statement might be technically correct (the best kind of correct). E.g. it might actually be true. With VT-* and now apps running in VMs, how is it different from Ring 0/everything else separation? Did you report it? Because that sounds like extreme misconduct. Amazon could have got rid of those nasty people. It might be a criminal investigation actually. My friend outside can set up an infrared receiver, and I could Morse 'Classified' to him very fast if trained I like the idea, despite enormous time we were promised for implementation. However, I am worried, that the plan does not allow any kind of back out. Considering very high price and 10+ years execution time, I'd like a clear strategy for cancelling that if situation on the road changes significantly due to self-driving. 1 less action Does that mean that Russia will disclose details of its participation in Ukraine's current war, and pay back those who suffered it? If not - who cares what that guy says? We'll see about that I'd like to add, that judging by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geological_history_of_oxygen , the atmosphere has ~2000 years worth of oxygen. So no suffocation even if all production halts right now. This article is complete and utter bullshit. "But think about the benefits, when you make your own meals you are saving money, rather than paying a chief, tip, delivery fee and markup, you only pay for the ingredients." If you think even a little bit, it is obvious, that producing prepared food at scale is more efficient than cooking it for yourself. "as you learn to cook you gain an important skill, you gain independence ... being self-sufficient" Right, drive yourself to work instead of using mass transit, make your own clothes, furniture, assemble your own microchips (you surely can't be a developer/admin without a microchip, so that one is very important to be self-sufficient). Don't forget to dig a hole and pump your own water! Fallout is coming, we all need to cook right now! Oh, and also it is much more interesting, than spending the same time on reading news/books or making something for other people! Still waiting for it to run on any Android device. Your statement about self-sufficiency is universally correct, but does not make sense in the context in its current form, because noone is 100% self-sufficient, but everyone is self-sufficient to a degree. The statement you actually meant (assuming you had thought settled), which is: "it is always better to be a little more self-sufficient" is definitely technically incorrect or at least extremely dubious. Also, irrespective of any assumption I might had (or not) about the author from a long post, you go much further assuming you know I had one, and that you know it from my single small comment half of which is original author's quotes. That's not true very much. Both Facebook and Amazon are asking systems design questions. Clickbait. It's not something. If you read the article (which you shouldn't, because there's no physics), you will notice, that no new confirmed idea came out of it. Wait, Linux did not have stack guard pages and r-x code pages until 4.9? SDE II, one of big companies, Seattle WA, United States $150k, $30k, 0 If you join my religion, it will be the fastest growing with at least 100% per day! That is right in everything, but shooting and taking damage, which is mostly irrelevant for driving AI. If you finish scraping, can you still make a .torrent? I still think it is the end of all classes. How did it go? That does not really make sense. Why would physics simulation and prime calculation be so much slower? I would not trust those benchmarks. That's because, AFAIK, no any meaningful problems were solved by this algorithm yet. I'm not even sure it can make a Max(array) on its own. Is there any kind of report or ongoing investigation blog? > it makes you 5% more productive Is there a study, or you just feel like it? According to Web performance chart, it looses to 7700T, which has 1/2 TDP and 5% lower price. A simple concept for no-timezone time: instead of using a number for hours, use some city (perhaps first one/two letters of the name) where it is noon at that time. E.g. this post is around 15:00 PST in such system will be just "samoa". 12:00 GMT will be "greenwich", 16:00 GMT - "moscow", e.t.c. Does not solve the problem for local time (stores in one country will be open from moscow to greenwich, in other - samoa to tokyo), but helps to put global time in perspective. E.g. if its berlin, you can guess, that folks in Berlin have around 5 hours more of work time, and folks in Moscow will be done in 4, and Japan is enjoying nice evening already. IMHO, Wikipedia is mile wide and half a mile deep. Apart from knowledge special to a particular thing, it contains pretty much everything. If you ever think it is not the case, it is certainly the place to put your additions to instead of your private bookmark. How much benefit does it give over using any other NVMe SSD (which would probably be much cheaper) and some caching software like Diskache? WSL should give you full zsh. But actually, why not PowerShell? Should we consume more? I would actually like to see electricity prices to go down, but it seems like research in that area nearly stopped. Does "voluntarily" here mean they did not wait for the lawsuit? Were they legally obligated to do it? If yes, that "voluntarily" is a pure shit PR move. Are you going to publish the source code for reproduction? Author here. Wanted to make something to replace seemingly dead GridMove ( http://jgpaiva.dcmembers.com/gridmove.html ). Current version basically reimplements GridMove's functionality. Features over GridMove: - High DPI support - layout is defined in XAML which should be familiar for many Windows .NET developers - XAML allows some slick UI customizations In plans: - window filters by class, title, program (you don't want fullscreen games to be affected by this app) - hotkey remapping (not hardcoded hotkeys) - realtime layout editor with preview In plans for paid version (likely around $3): - support for StackPanel, WrapPanel, etc based layouts - zones with tabs (multiple windows in a same rectangle with little "tabs" over it) - automation rules (e.g. if there's a fullscreen app running, move windows to secondary screens; automatically move new windows to preferred zones; rearrange windows, that have not been used for a long time, etc) Wow, that's a really long comment. Stack is not open source, however, some libs are (though only non-window management related). You can find them at https://github.com/losttech/ There's really not many WinAPI to call. SetWindowHookEx for handling global mouse events (there's an open source lib I use actually). MoveWindow to (guess what?) move windows. The rest is mostly hand-made. There is no JavaScript extensibility right now, but I could think about one for the future versions. Basically, extensibility right now is limited to decorations in XAML. However, that will be significantly extended when some features I mentioned above will land. What I also though about is an open source library of pre-made screen layouts. I am hoping to eventually cover that approach as well. As long as you stay with simple non-overlapping grids, it should be easy to implement. However, i3 is quite functional, and Stack supports overlapping when necessary. So there're some UX compatibility problems to think about. I'd be interested to know what functionality do you really use on a regular basis. Especially, it would be interesting to know _why_ do you use it. E.g. not just "I want to split my screen in half and put W1 to the left, and W2 to the right" but "I want to see all my open windows the most comfortable way possible". For example: generally you don't just want a chat window constantly visible, you also don't usually need it to take half of 30 inch screen. So with an ideal app you should say, that it does not require more than 10cm width and 6cm height, and WM will figure out the rest. Did he even ever develop a single complex UI app (or any app actually) in Python? For those of you who tried it on a domain-joined computer, and it just crashed and then could not be started, it is due to http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21326598/sha256cryptoserv... Will fix it shortly. I think some things are already available: - moving windows around is done with Win+Arrow key - if you want to bring a new terminal with a hotkey, you can just assign one in shortcut properties (that's a Windows feature). Once automation feature is implemented, that terminal will behave similarly (or better than i3). - sounds like Ctrl + d is basically Win key on Windows, that brings up start menu with integrated search - virtual screens are already available on Windows 10, and there are hotkeys - maximizing a window already has a hotkey in Windows 10 as well - Win + Up. Currently, Stack overrides that hotkey though - hjkl sounds possible, however, I'd like to avoid modes, so they'll have to be used with modifiers I will see what I can do to make it possible to run similarly to i3. I certainly did not expect "shut up and take my money" kind of attitude :-D Not true with any elevator. Do they hire non-citizens? Can't you open a dispute and get the money back? The whole notion of containers is basically this. That's why I am not sure why not just fix the OS. If there's anything to fix in the first place. PHP dev as a president? No way! I wonder why some routers are not listed as vulnerable (I have N65U) The page does not actually tell what is it. > $240 per month in gas $50 for Prius, $100 for descent Audi > $100-$300 per month in electricity let's settle at $120, unless you run a server farm at home, for which you will need more solar panels anyway Take away highly speculated income from cars $193,000/240 = ~800 months = ~65 years to recover costs More realistic That's much cheaper, than this article. Where is this? It severely depends on the mood (even in long term). From 3-5 during bad weeks to 20+ for good ones. Do you know about hashlife? IMHO, Firefox needs to focus on performance now. There's nothing wrong with the 'old' UI. It is performance that made me move to Chrome. And why is that? o-O You think you can rename some class method Add from some project to Enqueue faster in vim? So it has nothing to do with size, right? Just a week after I considered buying my first Apple product, iPad Mini specifically. But to be honest, I was going to use it instead of my phone. I would certainly appreciate a daycare facility on a campus more than a gym. Perhaps Apple, but Google with Android? Really??? People knew the EoL date for Windows XP ten years ago. It's not MS fault they though it will be no problem to use EoLed software. > Missing in media reports about these things is the connection between action (our foreign military mis-adventures) and reaction (terrorist attacks). Ha! That is probably because there's comparatively less correlation between terrorist attacks and foreign politics, than there's between terrorist attacks and attacker's religion. In case you are not aware, various islamic groups perform terrorist attacks in Philippines (look up recent news), India and Russia, the former two being 100% internal affairs. > And in virtually all those cases, there's a link to the target's actions against something the terrorists hold dear. If by 'something the terrorists hold dear' you mean power and prevalence of islam, I absolutely agree! When Chechnya de-facto separated from Russia in 1990s, they run multiple ethnic cleansings: https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%AD%D1%82%D0%BD%D0%B8%D1%87... (no translation to English unfortunately). It looks like something similar is happening right now in the Philippines. Yep. Some people apparently have never seen the table under https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostasy_in_Islam#Apostasy_in_... Yeah, I felt that trend too with XAML Standard. I can answer you here: same applies to bathroom. We only close it because it is currently considered socially inappropriate to do otherwise. I've upgraded my unsupported Ativ S to Windows 10 Mobile. Might be a stupid question, but if you have any hardware from between that moment and the moment when you removed the email, which run Outlook or any other program, that makes local copies of files, you can try to disable its connectivity and get wallet from it. What do you think your bank will do if somebody gets your password and moves funds out of your checking account? I think religion works because parents coerce their children into it by denying them basic live necessities if they do not comply. E.g. they will not eat until they pray. Yes, I actually think that's how it works in "normal" (or rather typical) families. We will never know until somebody actually has a poll of some kind. Also, what do you mean by "the most abusive"? If we are talking the entire world, I'd guess that's how it works in >80% of religious families. Perhaps that number is lower in US, but not by much. Considering how abusive it is, I'd say the most families are "the most abusive". P.S. in the first para by "normal" I mean that if you ask many random religious people of age 30+ most of them would consider that behavior normal. I bet if you don't put any bad words in your question like I did in my statement, and simply ask "would you consider normal making child pray before he can eat?" even among well-educated religious people many will answer "yes". Try on your close friends, eye opening thing it is. Wait a second. That's exactly how Windows taskbar binding works. I understand, that it does not apply to all people, but, obviously, those considering it normal won't comment here. Do you have children? If you do, do you coerce them into your religion (btw what is it)? If you do, how? It is a speculation I drew from observing behavior of people I know. I have somewhat similar project: https://h5reader.azurewebsites.net/ Quite poor on features (does not support images or even chapter progress), but I've read many EPubs through it. Syncs books and position via Google Drive. Does not work in Edge though, Microsoft could not fix a bug for a year (and still can't). https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/platfor... The beauty is you can add it as "app" on Android and/or iOS. And it works with desktop as well. Wait, aren't linear equation systems solvable in N^3 where N is number of equations/variables? Why do they claim exponential improvement? None. I find reading much more efficient. While conversation is probably not a good example of anything, I agree with the main statement: phone numbers must die. They are insecure, unremarkable remnants of an outdated system. I would not think CSR would actually know that phone is not a secure channel. I bet they are taught it is. Took long time to do it right. Camera doesn't focus and minimal brightness turns screen off (which is nearly impossible to restore). Those are the only problems thought. Fusion. The "even today" part destroys the entire question. Obviously, you would not survive on uncooked food 400 years ago as there were no refrigerators (unless you were a king or something, and even then). Bad idea. I have not interviewed many people yet, but already during one lunch (!) interview (where I don't ask any questions), a guy was so proudly talking about his achievements at his previous job in quite generic terms, that I've got an impression he was teached the whole story, rather than actually lived it. Later he was not hired. According to (trusted) others in the interview loop he did not know how to do any basic shit. What's the statistics in your case? Or they just talk less about what they actually consume. Does not mention fusion at all. People are so short-sighted. :( Plans for Windows port? You can always use the Internet Archive. AFAIK last week's Petya is in C#. You seem to be missing, that family only pays above $500k IMHO, better way to think about it is that humans claim they want not something they really want. This little pet blog post is not going to lead anywhere good. Examples do not look very readable. In my practice VLC had troubles with many HEVC files. Surprisingly - Soylent. It saves a lot of eating time. No, a LOT of eating time. Plus it is probably a little healthier than what I'd eat otherwise. As a US citizen, do you want a US spy to get 10 years in Iranian prison? Considering principle of uniformity, we should reduce punishment for spying significantly. Why does it have to be prison, when it could be deportation + property confiscation? Spying country should be punished, not that particular individual. ASUS gives you barebones much cheaper. Just buy RAM + hard drive and you are good to go. https://www.asus.com/us/Mini-PCs/VivoMini-Products/ According to wiki, processor in my wife's PC is from 2009. Windows 10 runs on it no problem. Behind the trees you don't see a forest: Half-Life used 32MB of memory on 1024x768 display. By 4 or even 2 byte color it is 2MB just to store picture output. Modern apps work with 4k2k*4byte color, which on itself is 8 times more memory. Only as long as all actors in play are rational. Power does not matter that much if you spend $3 of it to earn $100 every month. It mostly depends on payback time. Can somebody clarify if he was executed by Syrian government? Should I, an employee of Amazon, quit, if I do not support this policy? Any company is a sum of its employees. One certainly is part of the company's identity. Have to admit, perhaps that thought only came so strong because of me literally yesterday reading https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiananmen_Square_protests_of_1... , knowing about this information being censored in China, and, suddenly, Amazon submissing to government to prevent people from accessing it. Right now feels too dramatic. Does it belong to Amazon.com or does it not? How is shareholder's interest any different from corrupted government interest? You either support freedom of information, or you do not. So part of it belongs to. Yeah, I am also puzzled. Even checked comments to ensure these are not bots. As option mentioned above, SDE job market is very hot right now, so finding another position will not be a problem. Except they did not do anything stupid and harmful. They just did not do something clever and beneficial for customers. Any way to download from Amazon video? I miss 1.X speed feature of VLC. For the same reason they can't accurately portray anyone else - most of the time activity in nearly any profession is boring. I had this: https://www.google.com/search?q=metal+constructor&tbm=isch&t... : I bet guard just releases AI randomly. The first sentence already states, that fired guy said women "unfit". Stopped reading right there.