er Warren Buffet learned from a guy called Benjamin Graham who's books are still in print and considered clasics the K&R or Kunth of investing if you will. Try "the intelligent investor." well I wouldn't call a few racks in some one elses co-lo a data center. Well taking just TV Stargate had several very intelligent characters as role models Sam, Daniel, Jonas, Rodney and Jeannie. and NCIS has Abby and Tim. And the BBC's new sherlock also has a hyper intelligent character. Hmm I can't see using a dremel to power a centrifuge working for non trivial lab uses. And as @jlgreco comments elsewhere chemistry labs have glass-working techs that make a lot of the kit - I recall being taught very basic glass-working at school. A Lot of lab gear is very specialized when I worked at RnD organization lab they had 2 wood shops a metal shop and an electronics shop to build one off experimental kit. And we employed Very good guys some of the wood pieces they turned out where stunningly beautiful. I could see 3d printing working for some labs but this would be the very high end ones that have decent resolution and accuracy and can work with a wider range of materials. Big question is would it be that much cheaper than cnc machining or sintering - given that labs have machine tools and technicians to run them. You are wrong in the UK the first two years of employment are effectively at will - at lot of employment rights only accrue after two years. And if an employer pulls a fast one and break the rules on they don't get fined by labor courts as they do in the USA. True but a slipping on spilled diesel and falling down a flight of stairs is one danger still think rigging block an tackle would be much more efficient. not if they are showing contempt of court they don't Could very well be a co-optee which the KGB used to do a lot in the past and presumably the FSB is no different. Lets be honest no sensible Russian is going to say no to the FSB if they ask for a favor. Doesn't work for major cities an example from the UK 2 bed flat in Bedford a 35/50 min commute is £115,000 red lion square near our office its £625,000. Oops I meant Bedford to st pancras the midland mainlines intercity 125 are 35 min station to station. First capital connect is a bit longer (50-55 min) I normally catch 7:30 and am in the office at 8:40. For eu countries just make sure that your uk subsidiary is an interested party /effected by the crime and eu arrest warrants are easy to get. Sorry if you don't think that say a Spitfire isn't sexy and should make any engineers heart sing just to see it fly and to hear the sound of the merlin or griffin you have no soul. And the sad grandeur of the last TSR2 (look it up) all alone at the back of a hanger with its wings off at Cranfield doesn’t make you sad you should not be working in technology not even on some little iphone fart app. One would hope that the US has something like list X status for companies that are sensitive (and telcos and coms companys are) and have senior people and those with acess to sensitive information vetted. I know a senior developer in British telecom who worked on the system that tracks every private circuit in the UK and she was being PV'd (positively vetted its called developed vetting these days) - as she had root access to this system same as being TS cleared in the USA. UM you know governments have exemptions to those laws in fact these days all western TLA's have a statutory basis took a while in the UK's case mind you. But does Google follow best practice or did they invent their own half-assed method - the evidence from the way the Chinese hacked them is the latter. If Google were serious they should have brought out Bruces company Counterpane and put him in charge of security. Thats why a I mentioned statutory if for example the FBI had suspicions that the KGB/SVR or another state had agents within a company they would take action and they have caught a number of spies doing this. The KGB back in the day had an entire department Line X that was dedicated to industrial espionage - Putin apparently was in this Department Well not properly securing the system the us law enforcement used to legaly get info from google - that should have been locked down properly with hardware cypto gear so that it could only talk one way to approved system in the FBI or better still via an air gap. Its blindingly obvious to any one with even a basic knowledge of computer security best practice. They spearfished a pc apparently. And systems used by your TLA's to handle law enforcement access are not available to "any device on the internet" As I said they should be set up to only talk over a private circuit to one other end point and also have proper hardware crypto gear that is external to the systems. separating the extraction of data and applying the decoding probably should have been done on separate systems. yeh right that's going to scale NOT - UGC spam can cause your site to tank I have seen this happen to major authority sites (I work for FSTE 100 publisher) Our suspicion is that when we clamped down on the spammers by banning accounts they reported our site for spam that they had created we lost 20% of our traffic - major brands like us can tough it out this could kill smaller sites without the runway to survive this or have "friends" inside the wire at Google. I have had to help a small company completely rename and start again on a new domain after some one hacked the site and inserted 1000's of pages with links to porn sites. Will be abused sadly ;-( oh come on if they abolished NI Social Security or its equivalent do you really think that your employer would suddenly pay you that? If you believe that I have some shares to sell you in London bridge Probably because its expensive and requires a lot of people and isn't amenable to automation even a cheap show is running at 1M per hour. It will be interesting to see how BT Vision plays out in the UK. Well from a pro perspective (I have done a lot of work in analyzing jobs and classified sites) there doesn't appear to be any taxonomy or role/Geo browse structure. Handling expired jobs and cat/geo pages with no adverts is another tricky area. But mondragon worked so well for situational and cultural reasons Basque culture is very cooperative. That's the way most coops work coop by ownership not coop by management except for major decisions where everyone one get their say. I once chaired a share holders meeting of a coop and had to ask the founder to stop speaking as he had all ready spoken on the substantive motion and other junior members wanted to speak. Thank goodness for Citrine (The Uk equivalent to Roberts Rules of Debate) and Baxi was also gifted to its employees though they now only exists as a non profit that works on employee/mutual share ownership. http://www.baxipartnership.co.uk/ Also for a more engineering example Arup http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arup That is the killer Q for coops access to capital with out giving up control and so no being a coop any more. why there are other Publishers that will step in to fill the gap New Scientist has just launched a German language site for example. Realy? you think some start up is going to produce some software or that you could represent you effectively in court for non trivial cases? Excell breaks badly for trivially small data sets This is Ryanair SOP - you don't the the owner got to be the "most hated man in Ireland" for nothing do you. I can hear the screaming sound of Patrick Moore rotating in his coffin as i type this response. Oh dear someone doesn't have a sense of humor do they And certainly in the Uk severance packages are not a Q for start ups as. A The statutory redundancy payment only applies if you have worked for two years (which most failed start-up wont have) B If a company goes bust badly the state pays the redundancy - some multinationals have abused this by artificially making a subsidiary bankrupt the 100's redundant workers redundancy where paid by the Government when the parent company got of of Scot free. And don't forget get that IT workers are considered professionals and so don't have the full protection of the working time directive. er that's bollocks in the UK the share save schemes are wildly popular - I know people who got £40k tax free out of one years at BT And one at my current employer that comes out next year will pay out £20k if you maxed out your contributions 4 years ago And a lot of mainland Europeans give out 1/12 bonuses at year end the "13th Month" You can sue for unpaid OT in the USA as well. Not sure id agree with you "old" money will look down on new money. Apparently some old money Sloanes used look down Kate Mideltons parents self made millionaires. Her Mum as an ex Air hostess was refered to as ‘doors to manual' Doesn't seem to have learned much in 15 years then. well most countries do have breaks for start ups ans at least the Uk doesn't have the perverse taxing of options that the USA has which can lead to options that are under water and worthless costing 100,000's but even comparing quite different states in the US they are more similar than the extremes of the EU you get in practice - arguably the expansion was botched and a lot of entrants came in before they had converged. what also needs to be done form a CEO CTO perspective is have a succession plan in place - this is where I feel Rand fell down here it should not be be "o noes what if x leaves" it should be if x leaves can y (x's deputy) do his job. well its the tax breaks of course silly. In the UK the grants for solar used to guarantee around a 8% return - this is a tax break for the Upper middle classes who can spend $20k or so. This is a result of the silly panic over fukishima in Germany and the greens being brought off to keep Adrea Merkal in power. Would not they check the passenger list for Dr's first? I remember being told that this was an occupational hazard for Phd's that you might be assumed to be a MD Dr. yes back when I helped organize a medium sized (1200-11300) camping event we always had plenty of sugar and mars bars to cater for diabetics that went out of balance this is in addition to what the on site St Johns team had. Only had one close shave where some one diabetic had become and unconscious and thrown up in there sleeping bag - let me tell you seeing someone being carried towards you on a stretcher certainly gets rid of the hangover quick - this was pre mobile phones so i had to sprint to the public call box to call 999 (911) The voters in Germany might want to to increase funding for Care homes for the elderly or funding for start ups not providing a subsidy to well-of middle class. Ufortunetly the average worker in the general work force isn't that computer savvy (HN readers are not a representative sample) it makes good sense to train them using the bog standard office software. yes but the us subsidiary would probably pay more tax to the govenment. if the tax law is constructed to have advantages for these "home businesses" then its a tax break and don't get me started on the "hobby" farms that get subsidy's from the CAP budget. An I am a pro EU guy you can see why Ukip are gaining in popularity I agree did you see the sewing needle in the log FFS along with craft word in the seal on the wall. "don't worry ladies its just craft like sewing a quilt" they will be going on about how they have some "negro boys" in the next group. Obviously hit a nerve there Its also expensive to produce a cheap TV show runs 1/2 M per 45 minute show - I rember on slashdot where some commentators where incensed about how the lead actors on a show are over paid (and the scale rate for a featured player is about 1/2 the starting salary for the average programmer in SV) And for actors getting a lead on a show is maybe the top 1% or 2% of there profession. there's no such thing as " failure in a wealthy country." sorry what planet are you on - there are plenty of people who fall though the gaps in the USA and the UK. Unless you think the homeless guy I see sleeping behind the pret a manger in holbourn is some kind of success story I think a few Hh participants back in the our day would have had nice navy blazers with brass buttons and wrote COBOL for Computer Asociates. Can we have a HN old farts T shirts for us old timers :-) But can you a force the lawyers to enforce your rights in this case a company with deep pockets can drag out a law case for a long and costly time. Decades in some cases the long running section A pension case went on for well over a decade in the UK conveniently for the employer that meant that the people effected by the decision started dieing off reducing the cost. It also has a tie up with Bing for supplementary results /follow on searches this could hurt Googles market share. I wonder if Larry,Eric or Sergey have thrown any chairs though a window :-) Right so to ace the interview all one needs is some white racing overalls and a white simpson Daimondback helemt accessorized with a vintage HP calculator and a set of steam tables. Some say that his not only the man-in-the-middle, he's at both ends and has wiretaps on Alice, Bob, Carol and Dave. and that he once crashed a 10 way IBM sysplex by staring at at it all we know is hes the stigs nerdy cousin. or society becomes more and more self censoring if your thesis was true we should seen a decline in say drug testing for standard non sensitive jobs already. so why are you not posting with your real name on here then? as a rule of thumb triple the salary to get an idea of the total cost - this is for bog standard jobs. Very technical organizations (Bell Labs JPL, F1 Teams) can have OH rates of 600%+ like the ranked 1 RnD organization I worked at it costs to have those very expensive shops, master level craftsmen and engineers on staff. And at the time (this is pre OS X) apples OS was not preemptive multitasking which is sort of required for a useful window based GUI the problem is that for higher IQ's you at the end of the distribution so the effect of errors is much higher maybe the two Nobels just had a cold or a bad day when they took the test. And how do you factor conditions like dyslexia in I have seen suggestions that dyslexics score 15 or 20 points off so by that mark I am a genius :-) what a French company gets preferential treatment in France - to quote Captain Renault: I’m shocked, shocked to find that favoring of national champions is going on in here. Hint Which companies got raided over the 35 hour week a few years back not French owned ones. well in that case why all the fuss and fines over Janet Jacksons wardrobe malfunction at the Superbowl. What the OP doesn't say is this going to be a desktop replacement or not which makes a lot of difference. Remember most professional code writing is going to be done on a full sized desktop with 2 or 3 screens - a laptop is a second machine is for when you are out and about. Well different strokes. The problem with desk top replacement laptops is that you need to spend more on the laptop and all the docking station kit takes up desk space where as a midi tower can go under the desk. And whilst Mac airs and displays are nice "hand on heart" I could not justify the extra expense to an employer or the share holders (whose money it is) when compared to an equivalent PC and a cheapo laptop (shared between the team) for the times when I need to be mobile. And the problem for going mac air only is that people will stereotype you as hipster wannabe if you not careful. Well as in life its the "perception" of a thing, can be more powerful than the actuality. Amen brother its how capitalism works are not Cartels illegal under the The Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 - fixing the price of labor presumably counts. Now that is cool will have to try that on one of my PI's Interesting I suppose a "resonable person" would think suppressing the wage bill counted but as ever one rune for you and me one for the employer. Though this does reduce the state tax take which I know that individual states can get quite litigious over this issue The problem is that 99.99% of these motions to propose a new law are not written by people who understand parliamentary procedure and drafting of valid motions. passing a new law may require altering existing law or striking down old laws - the "conseqensials" get this wrong and you will lose. and there the whole question of time tabling if the government can control when the motion is time tabled it might fall off if time runs out if they schedule it at the end of session for example. or if its a badly worded motion/petition it would have to pass the rules for validity according to the rules of the finish parliament and if it failed that it wouldn't even get on the order paper let alone moved. yes why would a printer need to be externally addressable - the problem will only get worse if ipv6 (aka ipv4 with rivets as the sainted verity stobb calls it) takes off. um no Apprenticeships are strictly craft skills and sit at the base of the engineering pyramid. An apprentice might make a wind tunnel model designed by an engineer but they would probably know zero about CFD. I do wish people who have never worked in proper engineering would stop throwing craft and apprentice in to discussions when they have no understanding of what they are taking about. What next if you don't do this are they going to send round her flick and von smallhausen. I am tempted to join instagram just so i can upload a picture of ian lavender - "Don't tel Him Pike" I think your point "same job offers, the same salary? Probably not" i think you just made my point. And I seem to recall the German education system has some quite strict streaming. I think going from apprentice-> ->technician->engineer (or similar level of job) might be harder in Germany than it is in the UK or US. Having said that Germany has a very powerfull vocational training system unlike any where else in the world. Seeing as the president cannot propose his own bills is not this a rather "pious" and pointless exercise - surly would not the effort be better spent finding a sympathetic senator or congressman to introduce a reform the DMCA bill. well you have to look at the wider picture Germany is rare (almost unique) in that engineers are looked up to as the equivelent or a doctor and lawyer. And how many senior engineers at Audi and BMW and Mercedes started as apprentices. In the English speaking word this is not the case we are look upon as greasy almost sub human. for example the wife of the no2 at bt labs you know the place where the first computer was designed and built when she said that he husband was an engineer she was asked patronizingly "oh thats nice dear what sort of cars does he work on" As some on coming from Birmingham Ozzie has lost most of his Noddy Holder (the lead singer in slade) has a stronger more black country accent (the rural brummie accent and how Sam Gamgee should have sounded like in the LOTR) As well as the accent there is the question of the brummie dialect which can be much harder to decipher for a non native "yow" for "you" for example are you going to internationalize the salary for non US locations. £ for the Uk and Eros for the Eurozone countrys (BTW for some eu countrys you need to mention if you get the 13th Month or not) yes given that my employer a FTSE 100 publisher must have spent a huge amount time and money on this stupid law - can we claim this back against our tax bill. um the CIA are not police and neither are the FBI in there internal security role nor sould they - note that the only time MI5 had an ex copper as a boss as a disaster I would imagine that SIS officers work in the US under cover as diplomats - and what does the USA broken system for electing electing Law officials have to do with how intelligence agencys are run ? Given the way that the Icelandic government has written off the bank accounts of the pensioners who had money there leaving the UK and I presume US governments. You will have to forgive me as a uk taxpayer who is having to cover icleands debts - I personally don't give a fuck that the wheels came of there ponzie scheme. um if I where a CIA operator id be highly pissed of if you compered me to a sheriff billy bob elected in some rotten borough) let alone some minimum wage security guard No but it was the MACs lock on the "creative" industrys that helped generate halo effect on the mac brand. And high end mac users have been worried that apple is throwing them under the buss for the consumer market for years now. If I where MS id set up a workstation division just for this market and produced built to the hilt machines for the high end users Good luck with that should or do you not understand the class/status system - society defiantly thinks that there is a difference between a minimum wage security guard and say a FBI,CIA,SIS,SS officer who will have an directly equivalent rank to his or her counterpart in the milatery? yes thats why the original official secrets act was passed in the UK after they found a german national sketching away inside a dock yard pre WW1. And if I find an open telecoms cab and tap your phone that is still an offense. It's the elected nature of judges and prosecutors that is the main problem - to much emphasis on news worthy cases to get elected and not on applying the spirit of the law. No Judge or Prosecutor should ever be elected its just to dangerous and to make a start I suggest that supreme court Justices should have a minimum of at least 20 years experience as a Judge - not as one recent one zero experience being just an academic lawyer. Ah sorry I was confusing this with District attorney. The point about Judges or prosecutors being not selected because they have pissed off one side or the other stands - I think the UK system is safer as it mush harder for politicians to block or influence. so you have these rights but the govenment can over rule it for "public interest" or "as necessary in a democratic society" I am sure that the Chinese leaders would say that the labour camps are "as necessary in a democratic society" Oh and that old chestnut its for the children As some one who used to work on OSI based systems well thats just sloppy standards writing the bane of internet standards. Its a pity that RFC's and other internet standards are not written and implemented more rigorously - for example Google have problems interpreting the xml sitemap standard and that is only 3 pages FFS. oh I agree but who defines what is "necessary" and looking at the nordic states (iclelands constitution is based on the danish constitution) they can be very communitarian and the down side of those systems sis they can be very unforgiving of outsiders and those that do not fit in. The original Tesla is a lotus with shed loads of batteries stuffed inside which destroys the handling. And having to take extreme care to look after the battery is not low maintainance. If you want a beautiful machine with US style handling buy a Shelby Mustang (though they have now seen sense and make them with a non live back Axel) you obviously don't know much about tactics the Sturmtruppen in ww1 did use more complex tactical maneuvers and where successful. And the french system (impulse) developed out of the 7 years war and used by Napoleon used manover with combined arms to defeat the static linear armys he was facing Sounds like your not taking your meds - a us citizen who has joined terry taliban and in a war zone is not the same as having doubts about working for Huawei. The obvious thing to do in such circumstances is to offer your services to the CIA as an inside source. CPAN is probably the main one when i built a front end to authority labs api all of the heavy lifting (apart from the Callback handler) was done using perl modules work (excluding production line blue collar jobs) expands to take up the hours worked for example back in the 70's the Uk went to a 3 day week during the power strikes funnily the output of the country did not go down by 3/5. True but you have to pay the price when caught as Russia did when the uk expelled 140 or so KGB and GRU officers. Probably because designing and running a big DC crosses discipline boundrys that a pure CS guy would not have the skills. As Seymore Cray said he was more a plumber that a computer guy - well strictly speaking cooling HPC's is more fluid dynamics rather than a domestic plumber. This is what allegedly happend with concodrski (the Russian version of concord) blueprints with design flaws where leaked to the russians. In terms of IPC X.86 is where its at performance wise - this is not a mobile device so power isn't a major design issue. Estonia is a former Soviet republic and now a fairly poor European country one does have to ask is there not better things to spend this on? Support for start ups that create long term jobs and values might be a better use of the carbon credits they sold to Mitsubishi. Then why are there tons of educated Estonians moving to the UK doing the low level jobs then. And first amongst former soviet states is not exactly knocking it out of the ball park. Your Dev system should be the same as your live server (same distribution and ideally the same hardware) other wise your just a hobby programmer. Back in the day at BT we even brought all our systems (Dev, Test and Live at the same time so we had identical systems from the same production run from sun. What you use as a dev client is not the point its the dev and test hardware the application running on that needs to be as close (ideally identical) to live as possible. And the random approach to hardware that clouds use well maybe thats why they have such poor up time when compered to the carrier grade gear a telco uses. Which is strictly forbidden in most jurisdictions. It's the secret meeting where they fiddle the figures from a APR system to fit what ever curve HR wants - and if you need to downsize do things like dump those poor buggers with cancer in the poor performer category. Its the main problem with APR systems they get captured by sections of an organization who use it to achieve their own agendas with no though to what it does to the company as a whole. And will deliberately slow down when the time and motion guy comes round this is old old school stuff thats been going on on the factory floor for hundreds of years - if not thousands of years. BT offered this (nationwide fire lookout) to the thatcher government 20+ years ago in return for 20 years to payback. Refused of ideological grounds unfortunately. But that would not had let the fast boys in the city make a killing. I suspect that France Telecom will contrary to EU regulations will not allow this local loop to be unbundled - France Telecom still acts as a defacto PTT and national champion In theory good parliamentary practice is not to allow conflicting motions and any consequentials should have been worked out beforehand. Also any amendments should be relevant to the original motion - which if applied in the USA would stop a lot of the pork barrel amendments. MM ever worked in a traditional factory type setting? all the workers collectively do this and if you not you would get sent to Coventry. And this is tame compared to what used to happen back in the 70's in engineering "go slows" and backhanders paid in brown paper envelopes - I was told "even the tea boy got £900" about a 1/3 of the average wage at the time. well compared to Seattle anywheres weather is better :-) You wont like it when you get a UGC spam penalty though - had to sort one of those out for one of Reed Elsivers sites. Its how I understand no follow - Used in login and print page links and the like to stop the creation of massive numbers of duplicate pages. Presumably the idea is that teams are collocated which is where most of the value of team bonding comes from. scales to FTSE 100, DOW 30 or Global 500 size one place (British telecom) I worked at had a division had more developers/engineers than google has employees. Out of interest how do dutch keyboards handle the IJ Agreed and local government tiers worldwide should STF and stick to the local issues and not get disillusions of grandeur and get involved with things that are above their pay grade - though Germany is even worse their counties have there own secret police FFS. One one of the reasons for the lack of push back from the unions over the modernization of the UK's telco infrastructure was that the people building system X etc where Union members. and the BMA and AMA do quite well for there members. Mm resurrect Poptel then :-) For you younguns Poptel was a cooperative and an early ISP in the UK. Given the amount of government subvention and subsidies compered to Farmers we are very very low down on the totem pole. In the EU in 20010 €43.8bn (31% of the EU budget) compared to the support that STEM industries get this is far more. Blue states like CA and MA support the smaller interior agricultural red states - the USA is set up to favor farmers. You don't get satire like Farmer Palmer in VIZ from nothimg err a 3 person company is in not in an position to support apprentices - this is the problem with the half assed Modern Apprentice system its abused to hell by tax dodging coffee shop chains and supermarkets to get cheap 1/3 the minimum wage trainees for non skilled work. What he doesn't say is the the dual system in Germany is very stratified it can be very difficult to go to a tier 1 university in Germany if you don't get steamed into the right sort of high school. note that he moved to the USA where the stigma of going to the wrong sort of school is less of a problem. Ah you mean the Torry plan to bring back the 11 plus and ship off poor kids to dumbed down Modern Apprenticeships so they can stack shelves at safeway. Brand Searches drive a lot of traffic to major sites people are lazy and use Google instead of bookmarks But that is NOT an apprentice that is a Technician (aka Associate professional) doing the a traditional day release course (ONC/HNC/BTEC) for Technicians which is how I came into IT. Clever apprentices would only go on to do this after doing there 4/5 years. And ok my BTEC was a some what specialized one (mech eng with Thermofluids) but we looked down on the "apprentices" form the local Garages. Though I suspect (borrowing John Cleses line) alowing "jumped up F%^&*ing Caterers" to devalue the term that fight is lost. cough well I can still recall having to hand load the boot strap into our PDP 11's when the boot loader failed a couple of times. And remember being dead jealous of the management school at Cranfield having 40!! color pc's donated by HP (this is pre IBM PC) - when we had 4 or 5 total. Sounds rather French you have to use a name approved by Google - France used to until recently only allow certain names to be used by law. So are Google saying that there should be ZERO ability for law enforcement or TLA's to enforce the equivalents of HOW's (home office warrants) on their customers. If you don't like the heat don't run gmail G+ and get out of the phone biz. Would you rather reactivate those mothballed B52's and have collateral damage on a wider scale. Yes - the only time that the NVA and VC tried to take on the US in a straight up fight (Tet) they lost. they won the PR battle though. After the US pulled out though Why would you include corp taxes in that. I looked at Amsterdam as a move and it was about the same as the UK and other European states, and as I have the max years in for the uk pension scheme I was temped to move to Holland to buildup a second pension there. The lack of a VCT's, CGT exemption and taper relief is an issue for smaller investors - Seems to me that the ducth have a lot of german style Mittelstand companies and cgt/taxsystems is trageted at that . and the 30% rule ie 30% of you salary is disregarded for 10 years for migrant workers is an amazing tax break( http://www.expatax.nl/30ruling.php#.UTnYdjfRqE8 ) bad analogy to use a car analogy a high end iPad would just be a tuned scooter as opposed to a full on 4wd super car say the Audi R8 with the factory approved performance pack. It wouldn't even be say a Shelby Cobra Mustang There are at the high end for workstations there are companies that make a living selling overclocked watercooled SR2 based systems into this market. Maybe police should have to obey the Geneva convention:-) cops are allowed to use ammo that would be considered a war crime if used by armed forces. aka dum dums as I understand for a solder to use something like hydrashock in a war zone would be a war crime - also the police use of tear gas is a little dicey legally if you used it in afganistan. BME aka Black and other Minority Ethnic groups um you do know how to calculate % do you this is effectively adding 30% tax free to the base you do not get taxed at 52% on all the rest you still have the tired tax rates as well as the 30% And by that time id have moved back to the UK :-) I would take a M60 (which was a crap MBT when compared to the chieftain) against customer T55's which is efectly a tweaked late ww2 tank. G is 90% But adwords users get that data - this is hipocrasy on teh part of Google. Can you point me to a detailed Google document on how to migrate a large say 5M page site from several platforms to another one. I had to work with 10 RC's and almost 5 months from the third party developer to get FWI's new classified platform in a fit state to launch - and that snot counting the work to develop the redirect plan. oh a single page how generous of them :-0 ironically I got voted down for that comment obviously the Google Krypteia are out in force on HN that could break a lot of sites that use a cdn for speed :-( its old school publishers who often have very little idea what they are doing and have sclerotic development processes 9 week sprints! in one case. One site I worked on did not manage to sort out a redirect of its .net version of its domain and its over 2 Years since a flagged this as a high priority problem. There is a world of difference between doing a cute vanity project that works for say 99% of the time but doesn't mean that they buckle down and do the hard work involved delivering a major publishers site. Another example Google has a lot of smart people but they cant parse a robots.txt file with a BOM in it. ooh come one the NFL is cosy cartel ask a premiership football (soccer) manager about the pressure they are under. In the UK the bottom 3 teams are relegated down to the lower division now if the NFC and AFL did that you'd seem some pressure. I think if you get caught driving with out insurance the cops will arrest you. Cutting edge research isn't cheap in the 80's I worked at a place that brought a single item of HP instrumentation kit that cost the same as a small house. This was before HP started to suck obviously. well for some id agree but if your building models of nuke reactors you do have to backcheck your mathematical model and some times at over scale - and that is not cheap. There is a reason that Red Bull (f1 world champions) have wind tunnels as well as CFD models um the CIA and related organizations where some of the first major users of computing - they are investing into Quantum computers for example. So not exactly NIH unless your claiming that Tommy Flowers etal at the Post Office and Bletchly park invented this as opposed to the FBI under Hover which did a lot of nasty things to US citizens as opposed to the CIA. I am sure that CIA and SIS officers must get annoyed some times as how the FBI and SS (MI5) are normally the heroes and the CIA /SIS are the bad guys. So was it the well known missing robots.txt killing a site problem (as described in the original article) or a manual action gone astray? When you looking at protections you need to ask what happens of this is a mom and pop site and not a well known sv company with high level Google contacts? Well Tory boroughs sold off a lot of the social housing stock and in at least one case where caught trying to use it to gerrymander - there are senior torys hiding out in countries with now extradition to the UK to this day. Ironically one of the recipients of this council housing sell off in Westminster I worked with was a very left wing lesbian - She had great fun at election times with the Tory election canvassers. If they are non domiciled for tax is the normal way they do this. edent was talking about DC pensions and not DB so DC is afordable. And the Uk has some nice tax breaks for pensions tax relief at your highest rate of tax plus over $20k capita gains tax allowance per year. and you can shelter £12k every year from tax in ISA's Even the basic share save is very tax efficient I know people who made $50k from a sing years share save at a big uk company - and thats the one everyone from the lowest clerical assistant gets. Depends on the scheme. I was even allowed to vest mine early when I left BT and latterly Reed Elsevier - I even get to pump another 6 months into the Elsevier one. My options at 4.10 REL is currently 7.65 What you don't get is the insane tax liability on worthless shares which the USA has. In the UK you only pay tax on a gain -after subtracting your Capital Gains allowance yep same in the uk the average GP (family doctor) makes $180k which is far higher than the Average engineer makes. who then sold them to private landlords or their wealthy children who inherited their council house did so - One of my sisters friends is one of the few who did the right thing actually gave up her right to buy her deceased mums council flat (at a 30% discount) well a few years ago a team member said "oh I cant go to a social event with the team" as he was upper caste. I did not raise a fuss and get him fired - though we where all shocked. no I meant a chartered engineer with several years experience and a senior role earns far less than a GP does. Rather ironic as Finland has a comprehensive schooling system he seems to be arguing for selective schools by the back door. Though in Finland do seem to have the same rigid vocational / academic track similar to Germany where going to the wrong sort of school locks you out of or makes it very hard to go to the top universities. And comparing his experience a tiny European country with a small and homogenous population and thinking that the USA is going to have the the same challenges or possible solutions is a bit naive. The questions some one needs to ask is how old was the OP when he was convicted (where they a minor) and does the USA have an equivalent to the rehabilitation of offenders act? Well A the finish system would be dammed as "socialist" and B America is some much more diverse in terms of wealth and race. The bar has only recently been relaxed according to wikipedia until recently in the finish system if you went to a poytechnic you where bared from doing a Masters or PHD. Well you cant compare a large sparsely populated agricultural state to a small densely populated and richer nation state such as Finland. And no offense ment here the problem is the Linus doesn't seem to understand some of the political and social history of the USA which would act against his ideas. Law and Medicine both get more pay and have higher social status and have less ageism :-) And if you SE is hard try being a woman in Civil engineering - a place I worked at (an Arab Civil engineers) had to arrange a swap with an Italian Consulting engineers. All our work was in the middle east so she was unable to get the required boots on the ground experience on our projects to progress to chartered status. I recall a mate about 15 years ago who worked at Texas Instruments - once shared a plane ride with a director (they had a policy of upgrading people if they where on the same flight) Apparently after the 3rd stiff G&T the older guy mused "gee I wish i had gone in with those guys" and he was referring to the traitorous 8 who left Shockley labs :-) The internet was done by amateurs ISO was done by professionals :-) Which is a good job other wise we would all be using x.400 and x.500 et-al and you subs would take what your PTT gave you and like it. Of course I would have a cool mail address - but I was root on the UK's ADMD at one point ;-) yep years ago on Matt Cutts blog I said at some stage googles going to get regulated. Googles no1 priority should be managing the process to delay and mitigate regulation and not keep drinking in the last chance saloon going "hey fuck you" repeatedly which is only going to make it worse when the evil day comes. I know I shared a office with guys in BT who spent years working on a project (ISDN D Channel) and they where not even sure if we could ever launch the product as Ofcom had the final say. You know that these recruitment sites are run at arms length by a specialist recruitment agency and not GCHQ its self. Though it doesn't send out the right signals as a list of potential candidates for GCHQ, The SS and SIS does have inteligence value to other actors Your totally right I am an "approved" person within the meaning of UK employment law ie I could represent you at an Industrial tribunal (labor court) This sort of ill informed commentary on UK employment law does not help you can legally discriminate if there are objective reasons for doing so and hiring a senior developer you could objectively justify x years experience of leading a team for example. The problem comes when some one uses poor quality information form sites like hackerjobs.co.uk or some solicitor you met down the golf club who did your house conveyancing and makes decisions based on it and then gets hammered in the courts for it. Which in the UK would belong to your employer in most cases any major piece of work is 95% likely to have been done at work. You need to talk to a HR professional and understand how the master and servants act (as amended ) apply and who owns what. Startups could be opening up them selves to legal attack by competitors if they are found to be looking at a competitors code. Yes I am being deadly serious In the UK if its at all related to your work - your employer owns your work if its at all "related" even if you do it outside work on your own equipment. This is direct from a very senior hr/ir Guy (our GC at the time) when we where discussing the implications of this for a colleague who had come up with some advanced algos for improving big iron systems - IBM used to get him in to consult for them as he was a Mainframe rockstar And you don't know much about UK and US employment laws as most of it descends from the original M&S act as both countrys share the same roots for their legal systems. er no I put "approved person" in quotes as it has a specific meaning in the UK context. True but id suggest an actual employment law specialist not J random guy who did your house conveyancing. And given that a large % of uk adverts say x years experience some where in them its unlikely to be "breaking the law" in all but a tiny minority of cases. Sounds like recruiting people like me which is never a good idea - could lead to problems with accusations of discrimination. And it all depends on interpretation as what is a top university I worked on campus at Cranfield University in the Uk. There was a joke on the CIT campus was they looked down on lesser institutions such as Oxford, Cambridge Harvard etc as "they offered BSc's as well as Masters and Phd programs" Cranfield at the time only offered higher degrees I think your muddying the waters by introducing Francs-tireurs into the mix - I am sure this document is about state actors resistance groups are a trickier proposition eg USA politicians effectively turning a blind eye to PIRA fund raising. Some research finds that under current laws of war “Combatant and prisoner of war status is granted to members of dissident forces when under the command of a central authority. Such combatants cannot conceal their allegiance; they must be recognizable as combatants while preparing for or during an attack." So it looks like the self organizing nationalists as some of the Russian a Chinese hactivists have been described that attack enemies of the sate are not covered. exactly there are death camps as far back as classical greece as any one who has read Thucydides will know. Um am I the only person who is surprised that the OP doesn't know that flexitime has the concept of core hours a 10 oclock start is not unreasonable. Though he's right teams should know how how to run meetings and Action Points. Your so right one of Barack Obamas roommates at uni went to a minor public school in my town - what a lot don't realise is the network this gives you in later life. I do wonder what my life would have been like if my family had stayed in Birmingham and had managed to pull strings (grandad was headmaster) to get me into King Edward VII (Tolkiens alma mata and one of the top 2 schools in the UK) Well wired Ethernet just works in far more cases than faffing around with Wifi - find a spare port and plug it in. You would also have to add connectors for antennas. Good idea but with my consitutional/wonk hat on probably needs some form of appeal system to make it fit the principals of natural justice. IE if you are charged with bringing Django into disrepute and say are banned from attending a conference you have to have some way of appealing the sentence. Maybe have some suitable body of say 3 people from within the Django community to be an appeals panel. Yep and as I worked on sites for a big Audi dealer in the past they would not be happy giving stuff to scrapers as opposed to getting the lead direct. BTW for information in the UK a lead for our Audi B2C site was worth around £60. Sounds dodgy from a Google perspective republishing other peoples content - though I know that Google looked at doing a niche car product - like they have with hotels etc so might not be a viable long term business. yeah its a bit of a grey area I suspect that the big players don't want to be the first one to start legal proceedings - they want some one else to pull the trigger. I used to work for Reed Elsevier and there was rampant scrapeing and plagiarizing going on usually to create crappy MFA sites or to insert middlemen (offering no social value) into the job board market. I possibly could see EU based recruitment companies going after indeed - maybe if stepstone are up for a fight. Matt Cutts whats the deal on allowing indeeds search results into your index I thought you did not like other se results in Googles index Good article a while ago I was at a meeting to discuss the grading / job role system at BT for the Systems engineering division (where 90% of the techies are) It was a disaster as my colleague commented the only thing they decided was the grade of the hr person who fetches the coffee and biscuits at the Industrial relations meetings with the union. HR does have a role in making sure the rules are followed though this should be delivered as training to the actual line managers. Why the UK isn't as puritanical as the USA and gambling has been legal for a long time. Seems a bit grasping at straws for arguments against the new laws. Are news papers tos justicable ie are they enforceable - you can put any kind of crap you want in a tos/contract for example you can sign a contact giving up your righst to a public holiday but its not a valid contract and is unenforceable. The test woudl be are teenagers restricted from buying the print edition no they are not. For an organization supposedly all about understanding and lobbying for sane laws I would expect better than this pathetic effort. I suspect that the poor bastards who have bank acounts in cyprus aren't feeling top happy abotu the 40% haircut they are getting courtesy of the EU yes making wildly stupid statements like this is no way to act for a supposedly professional organization - all this will do is get the EFF treated as "nut jobs" by law makers and politicians. Well true but a lot of adults play farmville and that cutesy cartoon style is used by many bingo sites with out problems. And betting shops have been legal since the 60's I can walk in place a bet on any high street since the 60's The casino membership is a bit ott typical British "elf and safty mate" over the top regulation. I don't drive and don't have a passport so i have difficulty in becoming a member. Its the proliferation of fixed ods machines in bookies that needs looking at True but not everyone is as culpable as some and don't forget the central core made bank flogging high value goods to the periphery that realisticaly they could not afford. I agree with the Guardians finance editor when he described the euro as a bad idea whose time has come. And the problem is if this goes ahead it sets a precedent as various Eu finance types have said that this will be used elsewhere For Americans whats proposed for Cyprus its a bit like the Presidential Executive Order 6102 which confiscated private holdings of gold back in the 30's. Would be interesting to see what Ivan Pope thinks of this (tech entrepreneur who was in the same year as Damien Hurst) the trouble is for art dealers you have to wait to late in peoples lives or for the second generation to grow up before they start investing in art in the main. they do seem to be "chardee" events for 60 year olds who have made it to squire their third trophy wife to I have had a halon dump when the aircon went out and when it restarted the dust that burnt off the elements caused a dump. why do you need that you from my termofluids classes you should be able to calculate the heat loss for a given Delta T by taking a ball park figure for the materials ie so many square meters of brick Glass etc. you do realise that they are using rel=canonical here? But OMG is amazons html fracking messy or what huge amounts of white space which increases the page size. Seems rather anodyne and doesn't seem to have much (or anything) that could be considered sensitive the fact that a state has installations like say RAF chicksands or the Lincolnshire poacher numbers station - both of which have Wikipedia articles. Sounds like some french civil servant overracted - though unfortunately the French do have a nasty poujadist anti American strain that can come out at times.