Which tasks are hard to accomplish? You realize you can tell it to use your system default to read a given format right its under behavior in preferences Whine much please provide an example of a) an application like calibre with a better ui and similar features or b) how the ui should work. You may be incompetent You couldn't be more wrong. Maybe if you have 4 plugins this is a workable strategy. What if you have 20 or 50. How on earth do you update any of them cleanly? Perhaps the reason pulse and gnome were disliked has something to do with distros that don't support the old versions after a new one comes out and foisted unfinished buggy releases on their users before either was ready for prime time? Why didn't you just pirate the songs you had already paid for? Or perhaps your reading comprehension sucks If you use firefox on the desktop and on android you can easily sync your passwords for anything browser related without any third party extensions and without trusting unencrypted data to a 3rd party. Rasberi Pi 2 $35 crummy usb drive $6 Keyboard from thrift store $2 Mouse from thrift store $3 Monitor from thrift store $10 A functional computer for $56. Not the best but probably a lot faster than the one you paid $2500 for. When I tried it Netrunner was an abortion. Its first stable release crashed more, both individual components and the whole damn thing, than Windows ME. Even the name is stupid and sounds like a 10 year old thought of it. While awesome in theory, it seems pretty easy in generic pentadactyl to focus a text field, hit ctrl+i, and have an instance of vim where after you :wq the contents of the buffer will be the contents of the text field. Also compared to a real vim window this lags terribly. Its also worth mentioning that its totally broken if you use vim-startify https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify . Except every linux distro on earth...ever. Its sufficient just to NOT overwrite the mbr with your own bootloader if you see one is already there. Pretending this is hard is pretty disingenuous. How long have you worked there? Didn't you download gigabytes worth of os in order to run this in the first place? Come back when you can write excel as an excel macro. The argument that spreadsheets are easy for non programmers to use is not an argument for replacing programmers current tools with structured tools. Nor an argument against. The sandbox is a false or perhaps in your case imaginary sense of security. Malicious packages are still possible Its still unsafe to run software from anyone you don't trust Worrying about getting root is beside the point when almost everything valuable on your system is whats available to your user A app store situation where alternate repos or ppa need not exist because everyone can just add packages to some huge store is a horrible horrible idea. Unless you know they have the internet. That book is available from several sources. Safer. Its a matter of degree. Why does there need to be a way to takedown hate speech? Moderation provides a way for communities to decide what they will and wont accept and you can choose what communities you would like to be a part of. If a person spews hateful garbage all over the forum report or comments look to the people that run the community to take out the trash. If they wont find a different community. There is no reason you ought to be able to shut down speech because YOU find it offensive. It sounds great when its happening to a lunatic spewing hate but its a perfect tool to squelch free thought and discussion and it can and will be used for less benign uses if you put that tool in the hands of government. The poem made more sense than Janina Point by point - A private passport service that nobody accepts is no more valuable that the group of people that trust the people doing the verification which as of now is zero. In fact since nations are the arbiters of identity within their border there is not much chance of this changing inside this decade. - She admits she doesn't understand the technology at all just thinks it fits in with her super unrealistic libertarian ideas - All governments are bad because they are all in debt! Governments and people budget differently you can't reason about a government as if it were a massive version of your family. This is economics 101. - The blockchain will help us replace the nation state! The blockchain could provide the basis of a currency, distributed dns, identity etc I'm not seeing how distributed identification has anything to do with replacing centralized government or that that's even a good thing paying for just want you personally use and want is in fact an incredibly stupid idea. The kinds of things you actually WANT government to take over are exactly the kind of things that the free market is bad at and precisely because it is bad at it. How much national defense do you want this year citizen! - Getting fake married on the internet is so much safer! Of course because its not real. Real marriage implies legal and moral obligations. Those obligations are complex because peoples lives are complicated and include lots of complicating entanglements like money, shared obligations, houses, kids. In fact if you acquire all those complicating factors you wont find your fake marriage much easier to extricate yourself from. The more I read the more embarrassed I am for her. I'm pretty sure you could do that with nix and skip the docker part She had a affair with a married senior partner who was also a lecherous jerk at her prior job, betraying both her spouse and her fellow cheaters spouse. Then when he, the lecher, was under fire for his treatment of another female subordinate she defended him. Men make up 75% of the IT workforce and 82% of computer science graduates. If women aren't even studying the field it makes it a tad harder to hire them don't you think? People should aspire to hire the best people in their field not the "right" gender, color, sexual orientation etc. Anything else is bigotry under the flag of diversity. Also if you can do a little basic math you should be able to see that the average company will be no more diverse than the labor pool. For every company that is 50/50 other companies will have even less than the average. You mean the demographics of the videos match the actual demographics of tech companies shocking I don't believe Bram said it would replace vim I think he took something out of context. I think people aren't complaining about the quality of the app. Rather we dislike the fact that when clicking a link to a forum we are forced to decline to install their app before we can view what we are looking for. Personally I close the page. I really hope the creators of tapatalk go out of business. You realize the norm is that the taxi company owns the car right. Drivers rent it In a text editor something like easymotion for vim or I think ace jump for emacs makes this very easy to do with the keyboard. Ex I press 1 key then the desired character I would like to jump to say y all ys on screen are replaced with 1-2 yellow characters typing those jumps to that location. There are actually several plugins for this and several different ways to set this up. Some variations include typing 2 target characters leading to fewer possible matches. On net though you can jump anywhere on the screen in 3-4 keystrokes. Another example hyperlinks plugins like pentadactyl and vimperator have a function wherein you hit f to highlight all the links which are marked with letters so basically you can click any link with 2-3 key presses. Obviously this doesn't work with anything involving hovering clever expanding menus but for a large portion of cases I find using pentadactyl keys better than a mouse. This is one of the most ridiculous ideas I have seen recently and Trump has been in the news since then. Can you imagine not being able to work on a given feature on a given day or having otherwise sane builds of software that behave differently based on the clock? You realize that although LEO is cheaper to resupply it is actually more inhospitable right? There is by definition no resources available save sunlight. We have burned more money for less reason also make your head explode? I can imagine a variety of extinction events that could touch one world and not the other. I'm sure you can too. You are correct that code doesn't "expand on memory" but there is no fixed relationship between code size and memory usage. You could certainly write a tiny program that uses a ton of memory pretty easily. We are talking about a hypothetical scenario in which we have colonized mars. A meteor could take out earth but not mars for example "we have seen competitors actively exploiting our good faith by using our open source code to compete with us directly in commercial products. On the flip side, we have received almost no meaningful contributions to our open source code." The first indicates that they unwisely picked a license that allowed their competitors to do that and hoped they would share out of the kindness of their heart, the second indicates that they failed to find people interested in working for free on their commercial product. Maybe if they had been less generous with their competitors they would have paid them money which could have made it possible to keep it free. So no the "freetards" didn't kill it and by using such terms instead of logical arguments you reveal the quality of your intellect. They cannot take away licenses already granted nor stop existing holders from redistribution however I would think that the other poster would agree that such contributions are effectively wasted if the company discontinued the oss version. Article has a plethora of problems. "Each generation of technology goes through an S-curve of development - slow improvement of an impractical product, then explosively fast improvement once fundamental barriers are solved, and then slowing iteration and refinement as you solve every last issue and the curve flattens out. PCs are on that flattening part of the curve," There is no reason to believe that the non mobile form factor will go away in the coming years nor that we have perfected the "PC" a concept the article can't even seem to nail down. "just as the move from command lines to GUIs was" The gui became the de facto way for non technical users to interact with computers the command line didn't go away in fact the number one way a lot of users interact with their computer or mobile looks a little like a command line we just call it google or siri. "Second, iOS, ChromeOS and (debatably) Android have a fundamentally better security model" Than what windows? "No-one is going to found a new company to make Win32 applications" I'm sure we could find a recent one "And fourth, the broader scale advantage - the ARM/iOS/Android ecosystem is moving towards selling 10x more devices each year than the Wintel ecosystem." People pretty much implicitly need their own phone, they wear out/get broken quickly, and they are advancing so quickly that it makes sense to upgrade frequently. PCs are often shared, or at least less than 1 per person, are often seen as good enough for years, don't break down quite as quickly, and are often upgraded on a more leisurely schedule. This quantity of mediocre phones dumped onto the market doesn't allow you to infer their relevance and doesn't necessarily allow you to predict future differences in market share. https://xkcd.com/605/ In short reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated --PC You still have not provided your line of reasoning WHY it is nonsense. If you have thought this through and have useful insights please share. He is working backward from his own personal preference and working awfully hard to justify that as if he came to that conclusion for logical reasons. People often think they are acting logically when frequently they are working backwards to write narratives that justify the way they choose to act. It's really not drm but it sure is ugly Manning does it to. Fortunately it's super easy to unpack a pdf with pdftk or the like then you can delete the text of the watermark with sed or perl if you like then compress again. I have a script that removes a list of watermarks automatically prior to importing to calibre. Come to think of it I should propose this as a feature for calibre. The reverse seems to be true now with the closed gear commanding outsized prices I see no particular reason why this should be reversed. Factually I think we should forbid selling devices we are forbidden to touch and avoid the whole issue. Actually it most likely will lag years or more likely decades behind the capability of the cars because the people that stand to profit from such rules limiting the usefulness of self driving cars. So the human lives saved would be the valid rationalization. "What makes Waterfox so fast? It's built with Intel's C++ compiler. One of the most powerful compilers out there. This enables us to make the fastest possible web browser for all the code changes we make. This potent combination makes for an unparalleled browsing experience." So basically a build of firefox with a different compiler with binaries available for only mac and windows. For extra fun its based on an older version of firefox and there is no reason to believe it has devs backporting fixes from higher versions nor that there is anybody with the chops to build anything useful on top of it meaning it - Is virtually guaranteed to have security vulnerabilities and bugs that have already been fixed elsewhere - It will either end up with the same flaws you don't like about firefox or alternatively it will be forever stuck at an old version while the bad guys find more and more exploits. You shouldn't be subject to US law as a non us citizen regardless or would you like US citizens hauled off to saudi arabia to answer decency charges? I feel like your suggestion is extremely naive and wasteful of both hard drive space, transfer, and ram. Please explain how you can put an entire system together that way in a non stupid way. Its entirely possible for an individual app to have its deps included without forcing every app to work the same and I'm far from convinced that is a real benefit. It would be far better to work towards standardization to make producing a package for multiple distros easier. Actually Jobs prognosis had he not gone with alternative medicine was pretty good. From a forbes article on the subject "Jobs’ cancer had been discovered by chance during a CT scan in 2003 to look for kidney stones, during which doctors saw a “shadow” on his pancreas. Isaacson told CBS’ 60 Minutes last night that while the news was not good, the upside was that the form of pancreatic cancer from which Jobs suffered (a neuroendocrine islet tumor) was one of the 5% or so that are slow growing and most likely to be cured." http://www.forbes.com/sites/alicegwalton/2011/10/24/steve-jo... You don't think there exists a middle ground between a minority of the rich running our country into the ground and running the country like American idol? Most people will never be aware of every minor or even most major issues. I think the majority of people who were aware of it were against it. It forces people to - Write simple sentence bereft of complexity and nuance. - Split the same thought over multiple tweets hurting continuity - Use url shorteners making it harder to discern the source before you click - Write their long post on their blog and tweet the link to it. This post describing the limitations and disadvantages of the twitter character limit couldn't have been tweeted! Nobody would pay for this. They would just continue writing blog posts and linking them on twitter This is a non argument. Dismissing an argument out of hand as invalid because you say so adds nothing to the discussion. Feel free to expand that to an actual argument Which doesn't make it wrong. How many others do you imagine would pay twitter by the character rather than use mediums not so constrained and how much. The most expensive medium per character is text messaging https://www.twilio.com/sms/pricing and each carrier effectively holds a monopoly on reaching that customer via that means especially since plenty of phones still can't receive any other form of electronic message. Twitter has more than ample competition this kind of blackmail would destroy twitter. ok got it Lots of assumptions there. X isn't dead and wont be for years I would tend to wonder if there was a connection between how many Mac users who don't buy or need malwarebytes or for that matter any 3rd party security software and them wanting to scare people into buying their product. They don't want to hand out either health care or education. Disneyland with the death penalty => http://www.wired.com/1993/04/gibson-2/ Extending the popcorn button thought, the popcorn function doesn't suck because the engineer is an idiot it sucks because its legitimately unreasonably hard to make a popcorn function that actually works and if it were feasible at all would add ridiculously to the cost and complexity of the microwave. Since its unreasonable to make a reasonably optimal popcorn button it would actually be simpler and better to give the user more controls so they can make popcorn manually by setting the power level and time and starting and stopping it manually. Bash unequivocally sucks this is not to say it doesn't have its uses. Are you sure its not just other peoples experience that doesn't match yours rather than FUD? You understate the difficulties actual people have. My parents were VERY confused and frustrated with windows 8 until I "fixed" it to work exactly like 7 which they could not figure out how to do on their own. Most users don't even change defaults or even know how to find and install alternatives this is why software intended to be used by noobs really requires good defaults. I do not accept your premise and I have zero intention of investing money and the time required to read a book to find out what your argument is. Perhaps you could expand on it here? Nobody is saying root shouldn't be able to access such functionality but rather it just shouldn't be mounted rw by default. This is actually fairly uncomplicated. Fixing every vendors implementation is an impossible task. Ensuring that the default configuration can't brick your motherboard is an easy one. So do the easy thing to ensure user safety WHILE working to solve the hard one to the extent feasible. Robust systems must work in the real world not just in an ideal one. The mobile experience is in a lot of ways absolute garbage designed by incompetents. That the dominate platforms have any customers at all just illustrates how mediocre the entire software industry is. If software were medicine we would still be leeching people and learning about the miasma theory of germs. I don't believe you ought to be able to give up either. I think the point is they are ignorant but opinionated not that they understand the fine points exactly. Another reason to never buy Lenovo. Meanwhile Dell recycles bad parts and Apple glues batteries in is there an oem worth buying? Exposure IS worth something and a business that pays a team of analysts and other professionals ought to be in a position to access this and decide accordingly. In this case in the long run something is better than nothing which is what wired will end up with. As a publication they have little to offer to justify their high subscription cost and the portion of people interested in tech who don't use an ad blocker will eventually be the empty set. Alternatively they could offer tasteful text and image ads served from their own domain and many people would be willing to allow them. If only Microsoft had run with the idea of package management and trusted repos that has existed in open source for decades without restrictions that inspire people NOT to use it. Example to release a debian repo to share your software with your users you have the option to handle hosting/payment if any yourself and keep 100% of the revenue not 70%. Their position in the market is such that had they started pushing this around the time apt-get started to be a thing they would have had near 100% adoption and users would be used to installing everything that way and would be naturally suspicious of manual installation. Bad actors could end up on a blacklist that users would opt to enable. You would even have multiple black list sources from people like antivirus vendors etc. What about letting people decide whose votes they want to count for them. You can be as meta as you want to be with this. I don't want to count the votes of anyone my friend considers an idiot. I don't want to count the vote of anyone whose tagged as a #foo by anyone tagged as a #bar by such and such a group. Alternatively you want their vote to count double. Instead of a single score you have as many scores as you have users and its impossible to interfere much in others affairs. I think that this could be a very important improvement. When included in a larger work it would seem that you can argue you are charging for everything else and providing Firefox for free kind of like Microsoft and IE. Going with the safe analogy given reasonable suspicion and a court order its clearly within the governments powers to say drill the safe, it MIGHT be in the governments power to force the individual to open it depending on how they see it. It is hard to see how a 3rd party not involved in the crime ought to be compelled to work on the governments behalf just because they happen to have made the original safe and possess the know how to break into it. Can you explain how that duty comes to be? Foo is less bad because bar and baz are so much worse is a terrible line of reasoning Scrub? Do you imagine that one iota of crime would be prevented by making drug lords pack an extra suitcase full of money? If not they why bother. So logically if they phase out the largest note the drug dealers income stream doesn't get any smaller its just moved around in a lot more smaller increment and now you can logically say that some huge percentage of the new largest note is now used by criminals. At what point do you stop to realize that you aren't doing anything useful to combat crime? You can start by defining what the intention and purpose of the GPL is and move on to explaining how Canonical's uncooperative and unclear stance towards the community whose contributions enable it to exist serves to further those purposes. Instead of trying to put out the "twitter trashfire" How about avoiding using such a crummy social network? Patents are mostly bad and the bar for invalidating even horribly ridiculously bad ones is so high that if a patent was struck down in court it was probably on the wrong side of ridiculous and thus its demise is indeed a good thing. Physician heal thyself. It would be optimal if this could be made more clearly gpl compatible as the current owner has a compelling interest in Linux as they now offer their own distro. That said nobody is whining just wishing. It is comparable in that they are both filesystems... Supposedly the situation has been improving but at least as of months ago compared to zfs performance was horrible, features were lacking, and likelihood of data loss was a lot higher. I really think that although this might be a boon to packagers it results in an inferior system wherein people end up with bloated,buggy packages. I don't want to deal with 2 different package managers and new users are apt to be confused by the idea that they get packages from 2 different places. Windows XP users ought to be shown a fullscreen banner ad warning them to upgrade. I really hate that people have this idea. It's why people create apps which consist of a built in web server their own copy of chrome that connects to said server. In the end something that ought to have taken 10mb of space and 20mb of ram requires 100mb of space and half a gig of ram and still manages to be slow on a new system at operations that ought to have been fast on a ten year old machine. Down with the Javascript generation. Installers regularly install packages to system dir because it would be idiotic on a multi user system for each user to install different versions of Firefox to their home dir. It also serves to keep unprivileged users from installing software. You are free to install software to your home but it shouldn't be the default behavior You actually cannot make malicious applications safe you can however make nonmalicious applications inconvenient. You can make it slightly harder to infect the rest of the system leaving the factual truth that the moment you install malware you are hosed unchanged Which is not a good reason to design anything based on that assumption it's extremely easy for a single user to use a multi user system but not the reverse. Employers are people to we expect them to behave both ethically and humanely. Society doesn't owe you much but we can afford to give a little extra consideration to those who might be in need of it. You company wont go bankrupt or fall apart because of it. Taking the 3 days off to care for the bf regardless of whether his injury was his fault or half a day to care for a sick kid are not unreasonable requests. The concept of the community is an abstraction and in this case a bad one. There is no community. There are a million different individuals and within that thousands of communities each composed of some subset of those individuals. There is no reason each subset or each individual even shouldn't have their own opinion and based their actions upon it. Which means you will have one choice which has a 50 50 chance of being crap. We really need a single way for all compositors to delegate this functionality to a trusted application. I cannot comprehend a situation wherein open source is negative. Clearly it might not be the most lucrative path but we are all net consumers of technology. What's the better alternative to billionaires getting their software for free? It's unlikely that companies will contribute manpower to software if they then have to pay for it too. If you have a better strategy I'd like to hear it. Everyone should have the option and this ought to be protected by law to some extent. Allowing the manufacturer to determine where you can service your car has been tried before and it ended badly. Seems unlikely that either will ever come to windows guess you should check out ReFS or install Linux https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReFS#/search So we need to implement user restrictions licensing codes software audits etc and ensure that there are no benefits to companies embracing free software ensuring their contributions dry up. Not precisely a winning strategy A seat on the bus wasn't on its face a huge thing either its the symbolic meaning attached before and during that made the act relevant. You realize that this is exactly how it works with locked crypto systems normally right? If the system is designed better there isn't even an apple to cry to to demand it be unlocked because they don't possess the key nor the means to get at it. This is not nearly so huge an impediment as you might imagine. A computer that you couldn't unlock for love nor money when its off and cold could be attacked and accessed beforehand and most people leave a multitude of electronic evidence behind outside of their own machine. " If Atom continually makes the HN front page then many people must be using it just fine and like it?" This is terrible reasoning. Also if you need a new computer to edit text then something is terribly wrong even more so the more applications adopt such a casual attitude towards sane levels of optimization. What happens when you want to run 10 applications without having to start and stop them and all require for no particular reason 1GB of ram. Should we just all go buy 32GB of ram and screw anyone with an older machine? "The right to privacy does not prohibit any publication of matter which is of public or general interest. " This is not only nearly impossible to define in the general case more importantly what is of legitimate interest to me is potentially different from what is of legitimate interest to you and only by allowing the general publication of facts is it possible for the information relevant to you and i to each flow freely. " The design of the law must be to protect those persons with whose affairs the community has no legitimate concern, from being dragged into an undesirable and undesired publicity and to protect all persons, whatsoever; their position or station, from having matters which they may properly prefer to keep private, made public against their will." If I intend to hire you to watch my kids, work in my store, allow you to hang out with my daughter etc etc I have an interest in information about you being available. " The right of one who has remained a private individual, to prevent his public portraiture, presents the simplest case for such extension; the right to protect one's self from pen portraiture, from a discussion by the press of one's private affairs" This is great if the press is a handful of newspapers instead of the reality in which it is all of us communicating to each other. I could go on and on and on but the problem remains that the "right to privacy" so defined is fundamentally impossible to distinguish from a club to stop people spreading the truth. It would be more useful to continue punishing liars and try to better protect people from being fired/discriminated against for their private lives and speech rather than providing the rich a better way to silence inconvenient truths. How about proximity to a key fob which also contains a button to lock it down? Funny that you picked that example windows is actually not a valid trademark at all. This has been tested in court. Those products would not conflict there isn't a giant category called computers and further you can't just take a generic word out of the English language and take possession. Apple is a generic word for example but not in computer technology. This matter has even already been litigated. Microsoft Windows is a valid trademark, Windows is not defensible. Please see lindows aka linspire. AMD has had 64 bit processors for 13 years. When the opteron released it was faster than intel too. Why are they managing tech then? I don't think anyone on earth installs a package with npm without specifically knowing what they are installing. This is in contrast to users going to foo.com expecting to find foo corps website. Going to foo.com is a very serviceable strategy for getting foo corps website and if it's not you have invested 2 seconds and risked nothing. Contrast that with npm unless you specifically know the package by name getting foo corps software by npm install foo is a total crap shoot that is only somewhat likely to succeed will cost you as much as a minute or more of your time and is installing software considered by most technical people to be risky. Nobody is likely to confuse foo package with foo Corp unless the description of the package is unclear thus name and description should be considered together to decide if confusion exists. On firefox also on linux reader mode is nice. Further nicer with Pentadactyl and toggling reader mode bound to rr. Further its possible to style the reader mode with stylish. Example: https://userstyles.org/styles/114669/firefox-reader-custom-w... you can of course further customize it to allow you to say pick a more desirable font. Page in reader mode: http://i.imgur.com/uWrgtMm.png Now owned by Chinese ad company delete delete delete Funny none of my stuff on Linux does. How about someone with a shred of dignity and decency Wouldn't it be a bit unrealistic to try to enforce this? Trademarks exist to prevent confusion in trade not in people who read headlines and not articles. It's more likely that most had heard of neither and now way more clear on who both parties are. You kind of are a slave aren't you? After all you can only auto update microsoft and store apps. Other apps will either handle updates themselves probably with an annoying UAC prompt and possibly at inconvenient times when you actually want to use the apps. Some have processes that constantly sit in the background sucking up your resources to pop up annoying prompts to update application foo during which you must watch for them changing your browser preferences and installing adware. Others you will simply have to go to their website and download an exe or msi. Meanwhile you are missing the fact that people don't want to avoid automatic updates to fix security holes. They want to avoid updating to the next undesirable update foisted on the users before its ready and much to peoples annoyance. Example the windows 8 UI change. Unbelievably staying on an older still supported platform until you are ready to update is a feature you have to pay money for! Lest you misunderstand I'm not talking about clinging to windows xp till they claw it from your cold dead hands 3 years after end of life I'm talking about the future equivalent of staying with windows 7 and upgrading to windows 10 because 8 sucks. I think the lack of linux gui software was a comment on why a linux user wouldn't find this a compelling reason to switch not a comparison of the software available on each platform. Personally I think someone interested in graphics/cad/audio production might find something compelling even if alternatives exist on linux for the above. I don't see much in the way of gui softare that anyone would care for as a developer. You can bring up visual studio if you like but I don't find it compelling. You are disrespectful and your rudeness adds nothing to the discussion. His made a valid point. This entire site is just by its nature very pro business even in the case of really bad businesses. Wouldn't it be extremely easy for this to happen in the users browser wherein you have no right nor power and just fetch annotations based on the current url? If it doesn't already work that way it would be trivial to do so. Nice about telling you how you could use the car you purchased from them in what universe is this reasonable. There is zero reason to believe that prices will go up as much as wages. At the bottom end we see companies offering wages that aren't survivable without welfare and food stamps effectively forcing the tax payers to subsidize their low wages. Effectively setting a sane floor prevents this abuse. It's possible that a national minimum wage increase could be achieved revamping the entire nature of labor and unions not as likely. We can talk about implementing the later and doing away with the national minimum wage thereafter. The labor market exists to turn work into food and shelter not provide money for bored children. Factually the overwhelming majority of low wage work is done by people who do in fact need to support themselves and their families. Even so it's entirely possible for special exemptions to be made for kids and the other cases are hardly worth mentioning. To be pedantic there is no reason to believe increasing the minimum wage to 15 usd will increase prices proportionally to the increase in wages. Ex. Someone who would be making 9 would see 66% increase in wages but because wage earners as a whole would only be earning a little more so the increase in prices would be proportional to the overall increase not the much larger individual increase. Suppose that wages earned only increased 6%. The individual would easily see a great increase to his standard of living despite a small bump in price. Also note there is no reason to believe that costs of businesses that rely on minimum wage work would go through the roof. Imagine 30% of their costs are labor and 2/3 is minimum wage work. 20% of their cost then double it perhaps and their costs increase 20%. Note we are talking about an atypical service oriented business dominated by minimum wage labor. This means that your taco costs a few more dimes but the dude making it doesn't need food stamps and welfare on your dime. Nobody is disputing the idea that prices will rise as wages hopefully you aren't so greedy that you would rather they not make a living wage So don't allow contractual exceptions. Incidently almost all union workers make more than minimum wage. The amount I'm willing to work for is effected by the availability of subsidized housing, food stamps, and Medicaid for all. Free minimalistic cellphones. I probably benefit 15k annually. Making the crappy 14k I'm making survivable. My wife can't work due to medical issues. Basically we don't have a rational market now and can't so the only rational way to keep companies from riding on everyone's tax dollars is to set an artificial floor. What positive effect would be accomplished by abolishing the minimum wage. People don't actually have to be rational let alone moral actors. Do you really believe the middle class should be taxed to provide benefits for people that are working so that their employers don't have to pay more in wages? That is literally what is happening now and there is no reason to suppose that in the absence of benefits that wages would be adjusted upward to compensate with any degree of expediency. The people of our nations are precisely stupid enough to let the economy crash and burn as has been previously shown. The content you have merely contains a link to the provided resource. The user can fetch your page without violating the law, the user can also legally fetch the image from the owner. So neither you nor your user have committed a crime. You could try to argue that the user requires a license to combine the 2 in ways not considered by you however this has several problems. - Its laughably unenforceable - In the us it would probably be fair use - It would make literally the entire internet illegal - It would make adblocking on your end illegal - It would make you a world wide source of negativity and scorn. Basically there is a technical solution to most hotlinking issues and every imaginable legal solution would be a cure worse than the disease. Or a sign that European nations need to stop propping up an obsolete business model with internet breaking laws. http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/ge... http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/ge... spread is an average of clinton +10% vs sanders at +16% It is far easier to glance at your watch than it is to pull your device out and turn the screen on turn it off and put it away. Neither is hard but I can check the time in 1/2 a second while doing other things rather than 4-5 seconds and interrupt what I'm doing. So you are developing a package in language and you package it with insert language specific package manager you are now done. If you package it for insert system package manager to achieve a similar level of coverage you must not only figure out how to create packages for 17 different systems you have to either figure out the standards and procedures required to get your package included on each platform or figure out how to host your own repo and instruct users on how to set it up this may include variations in setup and instructions that differ between multiple versions of the os that may be in use concurrently. This could be 1000 x as much work for not much gain. Why do such salaries need justification other than people are willing to pay them Generally someone is more invested in a particular OS than a particular CPU. I am far more likely to buy a different piece of hardware in order to have proper Linux support than to switch to an entirely different os. Whether its the hardware maker or Linux that is at fault is immaterial. Generally someone is more invested in a particular OS than a particular CPU. I am far more likely to buy a different piece of hardware in order to have proper Linux support than to switch to an entirely different os. Whether its the hardware maker or Linux that is at fault is immaterial. The country that can't produce baby formula or pet food without plastic and or poison in it you mean. Quick before anyone else thinks of this! Realistically information technology has the potential to be a force multiplier and good developers seem to be in sufficiently short supply that there is room for the Romanians and the Americans. Whomever is responsible for the boxes that follow your mouse ought to have their commit privileges revoked. Between 1984 and bad people doing bad things I choose the later with no regrets. I don't want to be rude but it's not luck its competency. You would derive a lot of benefit from learning how to manage your system properly. Trying to argue that clicking a link creates a contract that obligated me to cede control of my machine to you is laughable and harmful. More importantly you aren't entitled to run software I don't approve of by virtue of putting up an openly accessible site. Don't like it charge money. Can't make money that way go sell shoes. If it were entirely easy it would have already been automated and you wouldn't have a job. -Why would you deal with 4 different distros wouldn't it be a lot easier to learn the quirks of one or two? -Expecting every single package on something like the aur which allows anyone to contribute to all be of optimum quality seems a bit optimistic. Why would you use arch and the aur if you want low maintenance? -If you have constant issues you are either in the wrong profession, picked the wrong employer, or the wrong software. Skype has been trash for years. He incorrectly accounted for another users greater success by calling the user lucky. In fact what the other user has is greater competency he could improve himself by learning from it instead of dismissing it as luck. He called me a jackass I merely stated that he should improve his understanding. It's hard to tell someone kindly that they are incorrect. It seems super likely that you don't want to click on each track as the prior one finishes so a queue is needed. It would seem then that playing directly from the library would be functionally identifical to adding everything you click on to a transitory playlist. In fact you can more or less use it like this with a single playlist that you either clear or just keep adding to. Seems like that would work better if there was an option to start with a blank playlist or trim the playlist automatically so that only the last x tracks were shown. What is the difference if any between playing as you say directly from the library and a single transitory playlist. So how would you put the same thoughts more politely or is the mere expression of the idea implicitly too rude to be communicated here. So if you gain lots of money via semi nefarious means what fraction do you have to dedicate to good works before the earlier wrong is cancelled? I know that he didn't gas 6 million people but letting people buy their way out of moral debt with a fraction of the money they gained still seems horribly repugnant. While value judgment of any sort requires perspective I don't think it's wrong to prefer our own. Rejecting all value judgements of any sort would simply leave us without anything to converse about. I think the kind of things people can do have more value than the sort of things a dog can do and further that it's only the dogs limitations that prevent us from appreciating it. Our abilities are nearly a superset of theirs. Finally survival beyond the scope of your biosphere ultimately requires intelligence of the human sort and that is certainly worth something. Its pretty clear that OS X has existed for what 15 years most of that time without retina screens it didn't retroactively become better because screen resolutions improved to make what was presumably an inferior algorithm in the prior context work better in the modern context. Multiple issues here first and foremost the modern environment wherein people can fairly said to have earned what they get from society has never existed in history. The closest thing would be say primitive hunter gatherer societies. Ever since we started having specialists that paid for their decreased production by providing greater fitness for society as a whole benefit from society has only been tangentially related to utility provided. The creation of such a society wherein value is so related would be such a profound improvement over every society in existence wherein value seems to derive from leverage not value that it not ethical implications would surely be the primary topic of discussion. In a bizarrely unfair real society arguing that you have the right to maximally leverage whatever value you your dad and your grandpa managed to drag away and coral seems greedy and disingenuous. Devoting a minority of societies resources to ensure everyone has something so that they can find their own way to contribute seems to be the only sane solution to an otherwise broken system. Secondly you mention drug companies and specifically their intellectual property in the same breath as speaking of protecting a man's ability to freely go about providing value to society but ip is a wholly artificial construct and designed to shape how value is distributed disproportionately not to empower creation of value but to empower others to extract rent from society something that seems antithetical to your own desires. You are concerned with the government taxing and spending on handouts but not about enabling monopolies that have no basis in reality or the notion of property rights. If I have a right to my chemistry set surely if I make the right molecule my property doesn't become yours. Basically Objectivism is a great way for those who have historically controlled the Lions share of a societies resources while providing minimal value to society in return to justify their greed. Interesting I would never have considered print publishing. That said. Was this configurable and what percentage of users were concerned with producing print copy? In what eras? I would but that these individuals were always a minority and the arrangement appears to be inferior for the majority of users for the majority of the time it was a factor. The entire os can in fact take advantage of a 50 core cpu and most of the things that would benefit the most can. Conway's law Organizations which design systems ... are constrained to produce designs which are copies of the communication structures of these organizations It could be that they both benefit from building complex systems and believe honestly that such systems are the optimal solution from their own perspective. This requires no bad faith or conspiracy theories. Its simultaneously possible that such a complex solution is sub optimal for other parties. They are under no obligation to build a solution that is best for other parties and others are under no obligation to adopt or like such solutions. Its entirely possible for two parties to disagree without either being evil. The 19th century was a terribly limiting time for people that weren't well off, white, males. The part about inherited wealth not lasting is entirely fictional. "I'd argue, if folks are upset by the current tax laws that allow (and some may even argue, encourage) this behavior, then we ought to change the laws, not get upset at those capable or smart enough to use them to their advantage." Can't we do both. Personally I like to multitask. "It's not patriotic to pay more in taxes than one is legally obligated to pay." No but its stingy and crass for those who doing well to skip out on paying their share because they can. Can we admit their is a qualitative difference between filling out a form to take a credit and hiring a team of lawyers to hide your money in a foreign shell company? "sometimes even fudging the numbers here" So you regularly commit felonies in order to avoid paying your share? Yes. There is no reason we can't work to make government less wasteful and keep people from cheating the system. While a lot of tax money is wasted a lot of it does a lot of good. They are skipping out on paying their fair share of those too. Nobody cares how much more it costs you to do the right thing after the fact. Example paying a parking meter. The penalty was bizarrely sized considering the damages suffered. Companies regularly suffer less hurt from killing people. The problem is that proving that copyright as it stands is the cause of the prosperity of the current market is problematic. You don't and can't have an equivalent control. I really wish people would stop pushing manjaro quite so hard for newbies to linux I honestly don't think its an optimal choice. That's not what that word means. Why would never touching console be a goal I use the console for basic tasks and find it effective and useful. Some concepts have upsides and downsides such that notice may be required in order that the individual can make an informed decision and if they choose poorly it's on them. Some ideas like this one are so bad that they shouldn't exist at all on the premise that the idea of spell checking requiring sending all your documents over http is so bad that anyone that runs it must perforce either not know or not understand because understanding would lead any reasonable party not to install it. Therefore the addon exists only as a trap for the unwary or the stupid and makes the plugin ecosystem worse for existing and thus ought to be deleted. "Why do we hire hourly wage labor as if though its was permanent?" At the current cost of hourly labor if you made it even more like temporary labor than it already is the quality of worker you could obtain at that price would be terrible. Anyone else find the idea of a central party with absolute control over what addon you are allowed to run more of a concern than the bigots having their own extension? It seems likely that the bigots will just find other ways to share names of people to harass. He acts as his own lawyer in the 123 meritless lawsuits he has filed since 2008. He probably couldn't afford to pay lawyers for this even if anyone would take the case. It looks like mad libs to me with all these little boxes in place of some of the letters. This appear to be little input boxes. You can grab and resize the box but it snaps back, you can also type in the box but it is quickly erased. Super ridiculous. Are you using chrome? It looks pretty dumb in firefox. It looks like this. http://imgur.com/IT7x83h Web devs as a group seem to be ridiculous. Note this doesn't mean everyone just a greater incidence of such. What is slippery slope fallacy Alex. The fact that governments can do terrible things doesn't logically follow that giving the FCC limited authority to keep ISP and telecoms from totally screwing us will lead to the holocaust. I believe you have just Godwinned your thread. There is active push back from a whole host of multinational megacorps for any relatively toothless threat represented by todays FCC what should concern you is that those same forces are actively largely ok with the real existential threats to freedom on the internet today. There is every reason to suspect that this will be so regardless of whether the FCC limits comcasts ability to milk us for all we are worth. The issues are nearly entirely orthogonal. Network neutrality was pretty irrelevant to them installing boxes to spy on all our communications. It was irrelevant to using that data to decide whom is a communi... err terrorist. It will be irrelevant to when they decide to use that same data to limit your freedom. Slippery slope is valid when party A is trying to move parties B into a position far down on the slope gradually by easing parties B down the slope. Many situations exist wherein a series of steps could superficially be arranged in a progression or slope between points a and b but in fact individual steps have different costs and benefits and are in fact independently good or bad. Often those arguing for/against a subset of the points in the graph have good arguments for/against then some jerk goes and implies that if you allow point 1-3 on the graph somehow by magic you will eventually arrive at point 37. They ignore the fact that its possible and in fact reasonable to support point 1-3 and skip right to the extreme and absurd. They neatly bypass any and all relevant arguments in favor of 1-3. This is destructive to conversation because you can use it in nearly any situation. It is especially frequently used in anything involving government because somehow all roads that don't lead to anarchy somehow lead to hitler. Its frequently useful to just point out the obvious fallacy and move on rather than giving a longer treatment because such tracks are frequently useless and drag the entire discussion inevitably towards stupidity. ZFS requires a lot of ram to enable on line deduplication. From Freebsd Mastery: ZFS Pg 135 "For a rough-and-dirty approximation, you can assume that 1 TB of deduplicated data uses about 5 GB of RAM. You can more closely approximate memory needs for your particular data by looking at your data pool and doing some math. We recommend always doing the math and computing how much RAM your data needs, then using the most pessimistic result. If the math gives you a number above 5 GB, use your math. If not, assume 5 GB per terabyte." Otherwise I think this is like the myth that ZFS requires expensive ECC ram whereas ECC ram is recommended for any filesystem and zfs needs it no more nor less. They want the safe harbor provision repealed so that they can make Google et al bear the brunt of the effort of figuring out who owns what. Long term basically they want to shut down businesses like YouTube Even mobile cpus will be all 64 bit before long and it seemed to run great with 4gb others reported success on systems with 2gb. Meanwhile ram available in all sorts of devices is ever increasing. What fs a laptop/workstation uses shouldn't be determined by whats suitable for a watch in 2016. Flying didn't violate the basis premises of physics. Also it exacerbates the issue wherein space doesn't appear to be full of aliens. Even a few races in the galaxy expanding with slower than light travel could fill the galaxy in tens of thousands of years. Now imagine how fast the universe fills up with ftl travel How hard is it not to try to embrace extend extinguish the VR headset market. How can you possibly conflate those who aren't pleased with scummy companies manipulative nonsense with "can't please no matter what you do". Its actually relatively easy to please most people. Make something worthwhile, take their money, fix it when it breaks. It usually becomes complicated because people want to give people as little as possible, rake them over the coals as hard as possible and blame someone else when it breaks. You realize that the fact that most people are silent doesn't imply they are entirely indifferent. Especially the developers. In the prior thread you accused people of being emotional. I don't have personal relationships with people I do business with. I don't do business with people who treat me badly even once unless I have limited options. So how long have you worked for facebook? Would you take more pleasure in reading faster? Apply that to any other enjoyable activity. Have sex faster! Funny as this is names are unique identifiers. There are certainly individual names that probably correspond to hundreds of individuals. If the effect of getting arrested can in and of itself be life destroying then perhaps its far more rational to keep the evidence for further testing and act if and only a real lab finds the evidence compelling. If the offender is from out of town and skips that is unfortunate but not as unfortunate as wrecking peoples lives. You are over complicating. We can and should have different rules for speeding tickets and murder trials. In the case of the latter and other serious offenses it's simple restrict sentences to what was offered in a plea bargain excepting situations in which an offer was contingent upon giving evidence against another. Its still perfectly possible to deal with traffic and other tickets mostly without court at all and plea bargains designed to make cases in which guilt is unambiguous go quicker by agreement between defense and prosecution about a fair penalty can still be negotiated. If there is any doubt of guilt or a fair sentence let it be adjudicated and let us bear the cost as the cost of a fair system. Perhaps deal with a few less offenses and spend less money paying officers to troll for victims.... err I meant criminals. This is why I canceled my subscription. Decidedly half assed support. I'm aware of pipelight, recent versions of chrome etc. This is a terrible metaphor and the entire thought behind it. If you provide some sort of consideration in exchange for something even if that consideration is your eyeballs which the provider can rent out you are a customer. We await your efforts. Please detail the advantages your system will have over existing cron implementations and put up a kickstarter. If web developers ran wars the world would be a safer place. There’s one final catch worth knowing about. I said at the start I wanted everything I listed to be open source. Graal & Truffle are huge and very expensive endeavours written by skilled people who don’t come cheap. As a result, only some parts of what I’ve described are fully open source. These bits are open and can be found on github or other repositories: Graal & Truffle themselves. The pluggable version of HotSpot they rely on. RubyTruffle Sulong (LLVM bitcode support) The R, Python 3 and Lua implementations (some of these are hobby/research projects). And these things are not open source: TruffleC/ManagedC TruffleJS/NodeJS API support SubstrateVM AOT support TruffleJS can be downloaded for free as part of the GraalVM preview releases. I don’t know how to play with TruffleC or ManagedC, although as Sulong implements some of their functionality, it may not matter much. Funtoo has a zfs install guide worked for me. http://www.funtoo.org/ZFS_Install_Guide Its news because both the issue reported and the inability to address this constructively doesn't speak well of them and unlike most landlords they are soliciting outside investment from the kind of people who read hacker news.