I presume they aren't interested in anything that AMD is selling right now, but rather Llano, AMDs APU (CPU and graphics on the same die) which has had test silicon going out to partners recently. If there are only 100 widget and there is a price such that there are exactly 100 people willing to pay the price for a widget, not only is it ok to charge that price but its probably the _socially optimal_ price for the widget since it will be the people who want the widget most who will get it, rather than the widget being distributed randomly. So the markup isn't something insane, but rather what the manufacturer should have been charging in the first place. The only bad part about reselling is that the manufacturer doesn't capture the extra sale price and invest it in making more widgets, so everyone can be happy. I found it really odd how much the MC scores increased relative to the Xeon in the one Linux benchmark they ran. Maybe there's something about the that Windows handles NUMA that doesn't agree with AMD's system? No, the critical difference is that as things currently stand none of the people involved in the drug trade have any reason to cooperate with the authorities. And really, once alcohol was legalized look at how quickly the mob violence around it disappeared. I seem to recall hearing that when alcohol was legalized the number of people drinking roughly doubled and the number of alcoholics went up by around 15% (there seems to be a correlation between substance abuse and willingness to break the law, surprise surprise). Whats that economics law that says something like "Once pressure is put upon an observed regularity in the markets for control purposes it tends to disappear"? When buyers only cared about the truth of a rating they had a pretty good reason to want the ratings to be as accurate as possible (counteracting the seller's incentives). But as soon as reserve requirements are dependent on how what the credit rating says suddenly both the buyer and the seller have an incentive for things to be rated as highly as possible. If I might ask, what windowing systems do you have experience with? While its true that desktop Linux has been lagging behind in a lot of areas it seems that a lot of innovation in window managers is happening there. Having multiple workspaces each with its own reasonably sized set of windows really eliminates the need for expose for me. Well, thats how it is at work where I use a default GNOME workspace. One the laptop I'm using right now I'm running a window manager called Awesome (its a silly name, I'll agree) that actually assigns one or more tags to each window and displays a set of tags to the main screen at once. Mostly I just have one tag per window and display one tag at a time and it ends up working like multiple workspaces, but sometimes I'm working on something where I want to toggle another window in and out repeatedly. Since Awesome has a tiling as well as a stacking mode, when I toggle the new window in all the other window rearrange themselves to accommodate it And using a tiling window manager makes it easy to do everything with the keyboard instead of having to use a mouse though you can use your mouse too if you really want to. Thanks to that and vimium I'm not sure I've had to touch my mouse yet today. Yeah, according to people around MIT talking on zephyr we get our water from Fresh Pond. Yeah, though people have made better user interfaces for it. The particular space between Twitter and IM that it sits in doesn't seem to have been colonized by anything better yet. EDIT: Though I'm sure there are people here who'd be happy to try :) You should be able to find the MIT opencourseware lectures for 6.004 (the introductory computer course) online somewhere. The idea, I think, isn't that this grey goo would get energy from dirt and rock and literally consume the Earth. Rather, it would use dirt and rock plus solar energy to grow and if its efficient enough out compete existing plants. The other bad possibility is that some nanite comes along that can digest typical organic matter but that can't be digested in turn. Then it proceeds to much on the biosphere while leaving the rest of the planet alone and just eat all the organic life (that hasn't hermetically sealed itself away). Either of these scenarios would, of course, be Bad Things. I'm not sure either is actually credible, but I'm not aware of any reason to declare them impossible. That's what I've been using for all my IMing for the last Month or so and I'm loving it. If only it worked as well for web browing... EDIT: Actually, how hard _would_ it be to make screen work with x-forwarding? This is unfortunately outside the area of my EEly expertise. Apparently Glen Beck mentioned it. Via Marginal Revolution, http://hayekcenter.org/?p=2719 I'm not sure about Dalvik on a chip, but ThumbEE is there in ARM A8s just for accelerating virtual machines. And I know at least two people using linux on their T510 laptops so I can tell you that that works. Actually people tend to really overestimate how important trenches were to the stalemate. Sure, it took a lot of effort to break through a trench line but both sides were perfectly capable of doing it when they could devote enough resources. The problem was that railroads meant that the mobility of the defenders was always much greater than the mobility of the attackers and telegraphs meant that the abilty of the defenders to coordinate was much greater than the ability of the attackers to coordinate. The internal combustion engine and radio changed this when WWII rolled around. There were also very many places where things could have turned out differently. For instance, if the Germans had stuck to the original Schlieffen plan and managed to outflank the allies they might very well have captured Paris right at the start. The post is from the forums attached to the realworldtech website. Even worse, accepting a password with special characters in the "Change Password" screen but having it not work when you try to log on with it. Evolution is just a way of explaining how someone came to be, not how they work. Being a good materialist I do think that people are reducible, but we certainly haven't been able to figure all of the steps out yet. If BMW was the only car brand out there, then yes the emergence of the Corolla would actually represent new competition. Don't the existence of thing like the Gödel sentence show that there are things that are true but which humans can't prove, contradicting the claim that this is an important distinction between humans and computers? I was annoyed at how the article just blithely asserted that wavefunctions collapse, as if that wasn't a matter of ongoing debate. In fact, Penrose is remarkable among big name physicists for being sure that wavefrom collapse occurs. http://www.hedweb.com/manworld.htm#believes "People must choose, when a computer need not choose." Perhaps I'm not understanding something, but that seems to be obviously false. A human always has the option of being unsure in the face of non-computable statements like "You can't know that this sentence is true" or such. Ok, I'll confess that I'm not sure what you're talking about when you mention second order systems. However, Godel's incompleteness theorems (plural) were a lot more general than you're suggesting. First Theorem: "Any effectively generated theory capable of expressing elementary arithmetic cannot be both consistent and complete. In particular, for any consistent, effectively generated formal theory that proves certain basic arithmetic truths, there is an arithmetical statement that is true, but not provable in the theory." Second Theorem: "For any formal effectively generated theory T including basic arithmetical truths and also certain truths about formal provability, T includes a statement of its own consistency if and only if T is inconsistent." It wasn't that Godel proved that Peano arithmetic was incomplete that shocked mathematicians, it was that he showed that _no formal system_ could ever be complete as long as remained consistent. Of course maybe this second order system isn't consistent, in which case there's no problem. After all, I'm fairly convinced that human reason isn't always perfectly consistent, so it makes sense that we can avoid Godel's theorems. Of course, I see no reason we couldn't make a slightly inconsistent computer either. There are several obvious explanations like that we evolved conciousness in order to be able to explain ourselves to other humans. But I thought Chalmers believe that the physical world was "causally closed" and that therefore a purely material feedback process like evolution couldn't select for qualia? When he said that he had just been voted out of office, and therefore perhaps not as enthusiastic about this whole "democracy" thing as he usually was. When I started learning vim I put that up on the wall next to me. It was a big big help. Emacs is a better IDE than vim, but vim is a better editor than emacs. Emacs is far easier to script and plays nicer with other programs so there are more, more useful extensions for working in various languages. On the other hand, I find vim's modal interface faster and easier on my hands than emac's chording interface. viper-mode in emacs might be ideal. I'm not optimistic about this ever being legal even if it ends up being safe and effective. The bottom line is that I can't see the FDA ever approving a mind-altering drug that isn't for a recognized disease. I've found History According to Bob endlessly fascinating; http://www.summahistorica.com/ Short, digestible college style lectures about various history topics. I might be missing something, but how is it that overall the number of leading 2s is greater than the number of leading 1s, but not in any of the constituent regions? I've had two runins with the patent system, and both have severely weakened my trust in it. Back in the day a student at my dorm in college decided tit would be a cool idea to make a webserver for our laundry machines so that we could tell if there was one free without going down to the basement. It attracted some interest, and was even Slashdotted a couple of times over the years. Between Slashdottings one and two a company applied for a patent on the idea of connecting laundry machines to web servers. Much later, after our dorms laundry server had been in operation for about a decade, they sent us a cease and desist letter. We informed them that they'd lose their patent if they took us to court and didn't suffer, but they are still charging people millions of dollars for the system their invalid patent gives them a monopoly on. After I got my Master's I started work at a consultancy that did custom sensors. They had previously outsourced their engineering, but the company that had been given the engineering work had tried to patent the ideas of the consultancy out from under them. Luckily the consultancy had filed for patents first, but the company was granted one of the patents anyways. Really? Generally I mostly simulate things whose macroscopic behaviour I don't understand, and I simulate them so that I can understand them better. C++ at work for the new code C at work for supporting the old code (and at my last job for embedded systems) Matlab at work 'cause the science phds I'm collaborating with don't know anything else Python for most random tasks (and some analysis for myself using numpy) Lua for extending my window manager Haskell (just starting) for fun Spice at my last job for circuit analysis You don't need to know more than the other market participants to do well in the stock market, you just need to know one thing that other people don't (assuming your investment is a tiny fraction of the money in the stocks you pick). You should always expect that all the information on a product that is accessible to Wallstreet traders is already factored into a stocks price, but there may be things (does this product really make sense for someone like me who lives in a small appartment, how will this inovation interact with the stuff I learned in all those technical courses I took in college) that you might better information about than the market makers. Of course, it might just be that random chance has caused the author of the post to do badly in the market and me to do well - causing us both to be biased. You should always diversify your investing and its probably a good idea to put most of your stock money into index funds. Solar hot water heating is probably a much better deal than photovoltaics. Generally, any company that is doing ok and isn't trying to expand quickly. Solar cells are expensive now, but production of them has been going up at something likely 20-30% a year for a decade. You got to figure that a lot of the price of a cell is going to the rapid ramp-up in manufacturing capacity, and that at some point the supply will have increased enough that the price will drop. That's not really true, we self-replicate all the time (thanks mom and dad). What we don't know how to do is design things that self-replicate from scratch, but we do already have plenty of existence proofs. Also, self-replication is actually easier at the molecular level because all the parts are perfectly regular. I really wish that the author would have, when complaining about "Drexler's Book", been clear about which one he was talking about. Also, "Mechanical objects on microscales do not exist" is gratuitously false, we even have really simple mechanical objects (like cantilevers) on the 100nm scale now. Yeah, but we were reusing the cell's own molecular machinery there. What I was thinking of, though I wasn't clear, was all new machinery. I found that criticism less than persuasive. If a person says that $1000 in medical bills is to low a threshold to declare a bankruptcy to be due to medical expenses, then the fact that the actual threshold the study used was even lower ($1000 in medical bills or A or B or C) doesn't detract from the argument and merely makes the critic look bad. All the other specific criticisms seem to be either equally pedantic, or matters where there could be a reasonable difference of opinion expect for his proper criticism of her for getting the response rate of the survey wrong which does significantly effect one of the points Megan raised in the article that was being debunked. McArdle didn't distinguish between covered and uncovered bills in her writing, and given the context (covered bills can't push someone into bankruptcy by definition) it was pretty clear she meant uncovered bills. So yes, the author is being pedantic for insisting that something that was clear from context be spelled out. My main workspace has several terminals, each with multiple tabs open, mostly with copies of vim running. It might work better than King's experiment, I would guess that Stephenson's natural audience is more willing to read things online. " As a society, what is our solution to this so-called problem? We add another layer of victimization on these innocent women who are already victimized!" 'Fun' fact, one out of every 50 times a prostitute in Chicago has sex she's doing it with a cop for no money so he doesn't arrest her. I'm not sure that anything you're saying there contradicts what was in the article (or the headline), though thank you for detailing what the article calls just "new therapies that work". The article seems to have been written in the context of the numerous people who have been sent to jail solely on the testimony of people who thought they had repressed memories which psychotherapists were able to recover. See wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satanic_ritual_abuse The SCUD was doing a much easier job, though. And the amount the patriot missed by is actually pretty close to the accuracy of a SCUD at hitting its target. Ah, I was sort of hoping to find that someone had made a theme with syntax highlighting as useful as fish's. I think your post is actually an excellent example of the thing being warned against. If you say "Doing X will maximize growth" that is perfectly scientific, but if you say "Doing X will maximize growth and therefore science says we must do X" is not, because the audience might give some weighting to things besides maximizing growth, changing the outcome. After all "an ought cannot be derived from as is" and people claiming to do so deserve to be criticized. And if all you've got is a statistical correlation without any good causal reasoning it always pays to remember Goodhart's law. "Most astonishing to Rhee was how easily the contract was finally approved. “The entire time the union was fighting us, they said, ‘Our members are never gonna accept this’—then it passed by an 80 to 20 percent vote!” she exclaims." Hah, never assume that the interests of the teachers and their union representatives (or any other set of elected officials) always coincide. Specifically, proposals to decrease the number of workers but raise their pay (and/or give large amounts of money to those layed off) often bring workers and unions into conflict. On behalf of an ex-girlfriend, I feel obliged to point out that the Big Five personality test is a lot more well grounded than Briggs Meyer, and is the one that's used in actual scientific research these days. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Five_personality_traits But doesn't Apple already have user interface guidelines to let them reject apps that (inappropriately) behave the same way on different platforms? Reading that mostly made me appreciate how much my Linux Distro does for me. First, let me say that you should all read that link he posted. Second, worry about my ability to distinguish real dangers from fake makes me avoid many sources of news. To get a sense of what dangers are actually real, I pay attention to the lives of people I know and read my local police log occasionally. I also try to learn as little about people who get into the news for doing stupid/petty things as possible - no need to give them encouragement. Actually, I suspect that the victims just shared their addresses with everyone. While I also don't use AdBlock for the reasons you described and because I think I owe it to sites I enjoy, I always browse with Flashblock enabled. Still images I can interact with at my own pace - flashing or moving images are just too distracting. > GCC is also a piss poor compiler by any standard, that's why many people have such high hopes for LLVM. I hear this a lot, but when I see places where people have actually done benchmarks GCC usually doesn't come out too bad, and when you look at the correctness of the code (for C at least) its hard to find something better than GCC. Oh the other hand clueless people often don't realize that they're clueless. For instance when I was in high school I took a C++ class and never touched it again until much later, but I still had it on my resume for a long time because I didn't realize how little I had learned or how much I had forgotten until I was extremely embarrassed at a job interview. Also, sometimes the sales tax might or might not be applied depending on the status of the purchaser. When I was a in college the campus stores would always have to ask us if were students, since only non-students paid state sales tax. You may think its simply of the better of the two options, but other people think that being the person to cause any deaths is simply the better of the two options and its good and useful that we have words like "utilitarianism" and such that let us talk about these differences. While I distrust the author's claims to be able to reliably distinguish devices created by data thinking and design thining irrespective of final quality (I'm having a hard time thinking of a situation more rife with the potential for hindsight bias) he does make a number of good points. Perhaps the best was that if you're trying to grow a market then being like your competitors is probably the wrong was to go about. A common expression of mockery with a group of friends is that a company is "trying to differentiate by embracing the dominant paradigm." These seems related. The article was very interesting and I was also interested in the "Removing a Button" article they linked to: http://www.uie.com/articles/three_hund_million_button/ I recently bought something from the website of a company that does that exact same thing wrong and made me hesitate a long while before purchasing. I sent the article to them and hope they change their setup, I really want them to succeed. Another important difference that went along with Boyd's thesis is that the Sabres had less obstructed canopies, letting the pilot see around themselves more easily. Not only did Boyd make important contributions to the theory of air combat (and contests under time pressure in general), he helped develop ways to quantify the manoeuvrability of aircraft leading to the F-15 and F-16. Generally, if you know where you're going its a lot faster to just start typing a search until you get to the word you want than to mess around with j and w (why incremental search isn't default eludes me). I won't claim that will always be faster than a mouse, but it should narrow the difference a lot. I totally agree with you about the clipboard issues though. I'm sort of disappointed that on the personalized layout they didn't suggest doing something useful with the caplock key. Why did you feel it neccesary to criticize his coding skills when we are discussing a semi-humorous piece of writing though? Does Reymond's skill or lack thereof these days effect whether the Unix Koans are worthwhile? If there's something wrong or inaccurate in them surely you could point that out rather than proceeding straight to criticizing their source. I'm having trouble understanding your comments here as anything other than defensiveness or elitism. While Microsoft Office has the majority of the market, growing the network of relatively compatible alternatives is going to help Google Docs. I wonder how close people's guesses as to wealth are to the actual distribution of income in the US? Lamarckian evolution doesn't exist... except as specifically evolved via Darwinian evolution. Its fairly well known that starvation can make even a human's grandchildren smaller on average, so it shouldn't be surprising that other starvation related metabolic effects can be passed on too. Hard drive space is cheap but bandwidth less so. Having only one copy of a library makes downloading, installing, and updating your OS much easier. Generally speaking, two vulnerable apps is less than twice as bad as one vulnerable app - and if a centralized repository means that all of your apps are fixed sooner they its a big win. Trying to confine myself to books I haven't seen others mention: "Guns, Votes, and Democracy" is a wonderful book about democracy in the third world and is both insightful and surprisingly readable. "The Retreat to Commitment" is the only philosophy book I'd actually recommend. "The Design of Everyday Things" is a book for anyone who makes or uses things. "The Transparent Society" is a thought provoking book on the future of privacy. "The Mystery of Capital" is a book on the importance of non-corrupt government in successful capitalism, a good point of view to have in addition to Rand. "The Strategy of Conflict" on how to use game theory in the real world, and negotiations especially. As someone who is rather attached to the idea of entitlement programs, I fear you're right. However the amount of good that could be done by more open borders is likely to be much greater than the good done social programs, so this looks like a place I'll have to just grin and bear it. That graph doesn't show that people are hoarding cash, it shows that they are saving. If they're investing in stocks the money doesn't go out of circulation and if they put it in a bank it mostly doesn't go out of circulation. All of which isn't to say that there are people or institutions hoarding money, only that your graph is irrelevant to that. Or possibly so many developers are just used to using ALT-button 2 that it isn't a pain point for them. I think I've heard that Suse is more popular outside the US? In any event, another good reason for running RHEL is when there' a legal requirement that you can't use "freeware". Mostly the place I'm at develops on CentOS and then pays Red Hat for what we ship simply because then we'll have paid someone for what we ship. Pretty much everyone I know who runs Linux on their laptop uses a Thinkpad. They don't come with Linux installed but they tend to have good driver support and pretty good quality. You might also consider system76, but I don't have experience with those. EDIT: I'm currently running Linux on my T410. Suspend was broken with Ubuntu 10.4, but everything works perfectly now with 10.10. I think the reason suspend didn't work for me was that I had the new version of Intel graphics whereas with a 510 you probably had NVidia graphics. Still, given that the new Intel graphics system had only been out for a few months when 10.04 came out I'm not really complaining too much. The Mayas compared well with the ancient Greeks in many areas but were still stone age some. If you're looking at contemporary comparisons they support the article's point. Human rights? Working in a sweatshop beats being a farmer, which is what workers in those sweatshops would be doing if they weren't employed there or in places like them. Because its usually better to give your money to someone who's desperately poor than to someone who's moderately poor, even if you give less money in the first case than in the second? If you're arguing that South Korea and Taiwan are politically free and that its better to give money to democracies thats understandable. But its pernicious to think that giving a desperately poor person something which is far less than you could give makes you morally responsible for their plight, causing you to avoid helping them at all. South Korea and Taiwan clawed their way up to being only sort of poor through working in sweatshops (and before them Japan did too), the sweatshop system is something we should actually be encouraging in the short term while we work on improving infrastructure and education in poor countries. EDITED: 'if' to 'is' You're anthropomorphizing here horribly. There's no entity called "The Sweatshop business" that sits around with an evil expression on his face plotting on how to make more sweatshops and taking my money, the system in only an abstraction for the wide variety of people, workers and capitalists, each with their own goals and desires that when taken together produce the things that we call sweatshops. This is important because if you are lazy and rely on anthropological reasoning ("I'm the sweatshop system, of course I want more sweatshops") you won't be able to make correct predictions about how the world will change in response to your actions. Yes my money goes to a person. I hand off my money to the clerk at the store and then it travels around and eventually some of it goes to the suppliers of raw materials, some of it goes into the pockets of the capitalists who provided the funding, and some of it goes to pay the wages of yonder sweatshops workers. In principle that's quite possible, but China hasn't had that sort of central planning for decades now. What China does do is use its redidency permit system to restrict many of the people who want to move to the cities from the countryside from doing so. This actually raises of the wages of Chinese workers from the $3-4 per day you'd expect given China's level of rural poverty up into the $5 per day range. If China were to become democratic of course there's no way the repressive residency system would last (that's what Item 8 of the Charter 08 is partially about) and the urban workers know this. Thus China tries to prevent democratic revolution (which tends to be urban) by coopting the urban workers. EDIT: Edited a bit for clarity. EDIT2: Actually, reading up on wikipedia it seems that most of the price controls weren't removed until the mid 90s, so I exaggerated when I said "decades". My bad. Another reason we've stopped getting faster is that we've reached a point where velocity saturation in silicon has become an important issue: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velocity_saturation Nothing against the language, directly, but the the name seems to similar to lua (which means moon in Portuguese) for something that can also be billed as "A better javascript". Totally agree about Unions, and I think that one of the reasons that nil is there might be because there aren't any yet. I'm not sure I agree about overloading, though. Maybe something like Haskell's infix notation (1 `add` 2) would be good enough. I don't think its clear that ARM would actually be that competitive with x86 at the high end. Many ARM features, like conditional execution, are great for increasing IPC for traditional in-order designs, but make complicated OoO designs more difficult. As you have bigger more featureful chips the relative cost of x86's decoding stage becomes less significant too. All of which isn't to say that the article is wrong and that ARM isn't about to take over the mainstream (I could see it happening but wouldn't bet on it). You have something better than a degree, you have work experience. I really wouldn't be worried about the number of unemployed people around - you have specialized skills that are in demand and most of them don't. It may be that they'll all try to apply to any job they see, making the matching of jobs to candidates harder for all concerned but I really wouldn't worry about it too much. I think this is probably a good time to plug the book "The Myth of the Rational Voter" on why our government tends to end up the way it does. I'd seen the book plugged by people I trusted but still sort of expected to it be an overview of rational ignorance plus some amusing anecdotes. Instead, it convinced me that rational ignorance can't explain bad outcomes in the first 5 pages, and went on to totally overturn my ideas about democratic government - though looking back I'd already seen many of the general principles the book outlined in certain special cases. Not really, the government can already tax away all the money it wants and (thanks to withholdings) probably annoy people less. What you're describing feels like the sort of thing municipalities do to get money from people who live in other towns, like shorten yellows on streetlights with speed cameras. The federal government doesn't really need to do stuff like that, though, and compared to the money its already getting from you this is peanuts. You seem to be missing a word on that last sentence, so my apologies if I'm misreading you. John Carmack talked about what he saw as the problem getting worse, and I think he would say that most of what we spent money on 200 years ago was money well spent. In fact, I would be very surprised if there were many things that the government did 200 years ago which he would be against the government continuing to do. I don't really think that anarcho-capitalists are _that_ crazy. I'd be quite happy if some of them were to try getting together and building their utopia somewhere, because I'm honestly curious as to how it would end up playing out. I mean, I strongly suspect it would be worse than the government we have now - but would it be that much worse? People even managed to make communism work for a little while and this seems a bit less crazy a priori. You only have to pay for marketing for the drugs that make it through FDA trials, not the 9 others that didn't. It doesn't actually work that way, if you think about it. In an election your vote pretty much doesn't matter. That means that if you're just going to vote for your own self interest you might as well not bother getting out of bed in the morning. Instead people mostly vote in ways that let them tell themselves that they're good people. Empirically, this is pretty well backed. For instance there isn't much correlation between income and how people vote on taxes, or between age and how they vote on social security. Of course people have little incentive to find out which policies will bring actual good results as opposed to those which superficially seem nice. Luckily politicians who hope to be reelected can't do anything that turns out to be too stupid in practice... some fraction of the time. And so we sort of muddle our way through things. Don't worry about schools, just worry about what 90% of economists agree on and it'll be a huge improvement. http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/2009/02/news-flash-economists... Only 2 percent of nonsalaried workers earn minimum wage. ---What I said about efficiency in China is a faithful description of what academic econ commonly says. Moving production to the location with the highest comparative advantage is the most efficient things for a market to do, that doesn't imply that the final producer is the most efficient producer. ---Still, my explanation for why China is sewing the buttons and South Carolina is not is correct: The government in China makes their young women offers they can't refuse. So what about all the young woman in Taiwan where this happened before China was the low-wages threat? What about South Korea before that or Japan before that? The "offer they can't refuse" is that if a young woman goes to a factory she makes twice as much as she did on the farm, but with better access to "nutrition, medical care, information systems, transportation systems, public health, public education" than she would have had on the farm. From a global welfare perspective its a lot better that three Chinese women go from desperate rural poverty to moderate (by global standards) urban poverty even if it means some woman in Carolina going from working in a textile factory to a lower paid job at Walmart. Don't decide that the FDA is risk averse on that one example, but I hope you can see how, in general, the FDA has every incentive to be too cautious. If the FDA approves a drug and people die then there'll be political hell. If the FDA delays the approval of a medicine by a year and a few people die during that year who could have been saved pretty much no one will say anything, and even if they never approve a needed mediation then only if its for a disease with a well organized group of sufferers (think AIDS or breast cancer) will there be a political price. Its a testament to the altruism of the people who work at the FDA that they approve things at all, since the politics of the situation are so against them. I've only seen one study researching whether the FDA is too risk adverse overall. If you look at the number of drugs denied approval to, you find that the FDA saves about 2,000 lives each year, which is really awesome. On the other hand if you look at drugs that are later approved but which are delayed in testing you find that the FDA causes between 5,000 and 20,000 excess deaths each year, which sort of sucks. All of this doesn't include the effects of making drug companies more careful about which drugs they try out, which really might go either way in its effect. Remember when looking at those number that there's a definite diminishing returns effect with each additional level of inspection saving less lives but costing the same amount. Of course, this is only one study but its the only one I've seen. If anyone could point to more data I'd be quite grateful. I think you believe I'm trying to get rid of the FDA here. I'm not, I just want it to approve new drugs more quickly. Generally I'm in favor of things like the late 80s/early 90s reform which reduced the gap in approval speed between the US and Europe * , or like HR.6270 (which never made it to vote) which would let terminally ill patients use drugs that haven't been proven safe yet. There's no reason to get rid of the FDA, its probably both better and politically easier to reform it. *Europe generally approved drugs much more quickly than the US (well, United Kingdom, France, Spain, and Germany at least) and there wasn't any statistically significant difference in the number of bad drugs let through. People noticed that and hence the reforms in the early 90s. For instance, you could use propranolol to treat hypertnsion in most of Europe by '68, but not in the US until '78. That cost 10,000s of lives right there. Luckily the modern FDA is better - though it still needs improvement. If a cargo plane blows up over a highly populate area it will kill about a dozen people (see example in blog comments). This isn't nothing, but its pretty hard to get your bombs set to blow up at the exact right time. As to 9/11, that was a hijacking rather than a bomb and an entirely different attack vector. Erm , no it wasn't. Opium was illegal in China which is part of the reason that China ended up at war with Britain where it was legal. Its totally unfair to use that as an argument for legalization since the problem was more complicated than that, but its also unfair to use it as an argument against legalization. I'm personally sort of scared that Mexico will just give up on the drug war, and the US will retaliate by making cross-border trade really difficult, totally screwing over both economies. GPS won't work inside a metal shell, which is what cargo compartments on airplanes are (passenger airplanes have windows). 1. Yes 2. Yes 3. No, cargo planes are metal boxes and cell phone signals can't make it in, so jammers would be superfluous. Then it explodes when loaded into the cargo hold, in which case only the loaders die and the terrorists could have done much better with just a bomb on a street corner. And families being destroyed by alcohol is almost a stereotype. The thing about MITI, though, is that they weren't very good at predicting the future, just at getting everyone on the same page. They initially tried to prevent Japanese car manufacturers from getting into the export business, and tried to prevent Sony from licencing the transistor. They reversed course quickly once it was obvious how the markets were responding, but its hard to call them crazy geniuses. These are relatively tiny nukes coming in one at a time - the sort of thing we might see if attacked by North Korea or Iran in 10 years. The fusion weapons used by the USSR were fifty to five thousand times as powerful. By the time new members get organized enough to start pushing for reforms, they're not far away from becoming senior members. They can't leave the union because the union doesn't want the airline to hire non-union workers. It isn't as bad as the UAW, though, where the majority of the voters aren't even workers any more but rather retirees. They can't vote in certain elections, but are otherwise still full memebers. See here: http://www.uaw.org/node/158 Not to defend the patent system too much, my experience with it mostly involves a second parties trying to patent ideas that others came up with, but there seems to be a bit of a selection effect problem here. Of all the people who consider copying something patented, some fraction of them are stopped by the presence of the patent. Of all the people who independently invent something you would expect only a very small percentage to be stopped by a patent. Also, someone who knowingly copies someone else's work knows to hide the fact. So unless we know what percentage of people were stopped from copying someone else's work without the need for a lawsuit, this study alone doesn't tell us very much about the social costs and benefits of patents by itself. I tend to believe that our patent system is too strong and I might very well mention it in discussions with proper caveats, but we need more research. Changing the behavior of bullies is the responsibility of adults, not the child being bullied. Of course we should be trying to change his behavior, but throwing that demand on your kid as he's being bullied is irresponsible. As someone who also reads a lot of fiction, I think this fic is in great need of a good editor... but that after the normal publication process it would be as good as anything Asimov or Heinlein wrote. AMD seems to have done the right thing here. They aimed for the weak point between CULV and Atom and actually hit it, plus they added some pretty good graphics too with a small number of chips overall. We actually have a very good idea how much damage x-rays and millimeter waves do to the human body, since we've been dealing with both technologically for many years. Because x-rays are used in medical devices that have to be approved by the FDA, we've developed some very good ideas about what sort of doses are harmful and which aren't. The damage done by the x-ray scans used by the TSA do indeed produce damage, measured in Sieverts - a scale used by medical technicians, nuclear power plant operators, NASA, etc. Generally a dose of 1 Sievert all at once is enough to make you sick. Radiation expose is usually measured in milliSieverts and a person who doesn't do anything dangerous will usually receive a couple of milliSieverts a year just from the sun and the radioactive decay of things like the carbon in their body. Going through a TSA x-ray scanner will give you about a microSievert (or 1/1000 of a milliSievert) unless you do something like stop in the middle of the scanner and daydream. Because flying on a plane involves going higher with less atmospher to protect you from radiation from outer space, even short flights tend to cause you to rack up 10 microSieverts and longer flights will give you more. So even if you fly every day the excess dose you're getting from the machines is ignorable, and if you are flying every day its only increasing the amount of radiation you're getting by 10%. As to millimeter waves, well, I'm not sure quite what mechanism they could possibly use to be dangerous, since they're less energetic than the visible light that we're exposed to every day. If you're inclined to worry about stuff like that, I'd recommend worrying more about fluorescent lights (where all the energy is concentrated in a few frequencies and which we're exposed to for long periods of time) or cell phones and wireless access points (which have about the same energy as the TSA devices, and which we're exposed to for long periods of time). There's clearly a level of money you could offer that would get most people taking it and I sort of agree that $3000 isn't a huge test of loyalty, but at the same time its a really good idea. The people who are most effected by relatively small amounts of money like this are marginal employees - people who don't really think they'll be happy at Zappos or are just working there until something better comes along. If you're getting rid of people who wouldn't have stuck around that long anyways it seems like a really good deal for Zappos (you don't have to pay the wages of the employee _or the people who were training them_). It seems like a really good and obvious in retrospect idea that many other companies might be wise to adopt. Generally when a company fails it goes into bankrupcy, where the process is designed to keep the business functioning while things proceed. So even if Amazon or Google declared bankruptcy tomorrow Adsense and Amazon Marketplace would go on. The people who would be in trouble would be the people who Google owed money to, which was very much the concern with Lehman Brothers. Where did we see failing of the current process? Not the financial system, which obviously failed, but the bankruptcy process. I'm not aware of any company suddenly closing up shop during the crisis. We didn't use follow the normal rules with the automakers but that was because it would have been bad politically for the UAW to lose their pensions, rather than out of any inability of bankruptcy to keep the automakers going in some form. If you have specific examples of things suddenly shutting down during the crisis apart from debt repayments or people being less willing to spend money, I'd be really interested in hearing it. Ah, Benford's Law. Hearing about it inspired me to do my master's thesis looking at the statistics of what actually enters an adder when you're running real life programs in terms of neighbor and auto-correlations for the various bits, instead of just assuming that they're all Bernoulli processes. Two responses to that. First, I'm not quite sure you appreciate the cost of that industrialization. The USSR achieved fast extensive growth in its early years by forcing a very high savings rate. What does that mean? They exported lots of grain to buy machinery. Where did the grain come from? The peasants. What did the peasants do after their grain was taken? They starved. The general attitude during this time (which helped the Party consolidate power) was not so much of withholding food from dissidents, but rather withholding food from anyone who couldn't make a convincing case for how they were benefiting the party or the state. So most of the progress in bring up the USSR industrial capacity per person was due to increasing industrial capacity, but a notable part of it was due to decreasing the number of people as well. Second, forced savings is a good strategy for playing catchup industrially when there are lots of obvious ways you can invest the savings (called extensive growth). Its possible to mess this up (see the Great Leap Forward) but if the beaurocrats are competent its possible. But when you've urbanized and need to start specializing more to keep growing the economy finding efficient ways to do so becomes harder (you're in intensive growth). Its here that government directed industrial policies tend to fail (or at least work more slowly than less directed solutions) due to coordination problems. First, they do often fail and are replaced by new companies where sclerosis hasn't set in yet. Second, even huge megacorps are tiny compared to countries. Microsoft is about the same population as Antigua and Barbuda, and if Antigua and Barbuda tried to go the Soviet state controlled economy route I predict that they would be much more successful at it than the Soviets were because its much easier to govern a smaller country. I seem to recall that there was also a small but significant minority of conservatives, who were freaked out about civil rights abuses under Clinton but then became strangely silent under Bush. Government powers are always less scary when the face on them is someone you feel is a member of your tribe. Partially this is from reading a book by a Soviet ex-patriot (who I'll admit might be lying) and partially from the textbooks from my early Soviet history class in college. I'd give you better references, but my books are at home and I'm not right now. The population grew from 1926 to 1937, but not from 1930 to 1937 - which is the reason the producers of the 1937 census were sent to the gulag. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soviet_Census_(1937) And the discussion about Soviet population statistics in this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ukranian_famine I should also point out that during the 1920-1940 period the USSR did a lot of territorial expansion into the lands held by the Whites, and then later into the Baltic states and grabbing parts of Finland and Poland. I'll admit, though, that given that we're talking about the industrialization period in general I shouldn't be talking about a decreasing population since over the whole early industrialization timeframe the population did rise even without considering conquest. I would have done better to day "but a notable part of it was due to keeping population growth down with the use of famines." I think a second big factor in this is that people tend to suffer from scope insensitivity, so it feels much nicer to win $5 ten times and then lose $100 once than it feels to lose $5 ten times and win $100 once. I'm not sure about subsecond windows, but 24 hour windows certainly matter. Say you're planning on making a big order of lumber for your mill and you're ordering from a market with zero speculation so the prices jump up and down with the supplier's inventory. It makes a lot of sense then to wait a few days (during which your machines and workers are idle) to get the best price possible. I'm not going to say that high frequency trading serves a useful purpose, but to me that looks like a zero-sum struggle between Wall Street firms for profits that Wall Street deserves for doing its thing on a minute to minute or hour to hour level. So this is how Intel is going to go after the embedded space without having to offer embeddable CPUs. ARM has done very well because people like cell phone manufacturers can take an ARM attach some specialized cellphone DSP logic, and put it in a cellphone as one space-saving package. Since Intel was never going to allow something like this it was a big factor holding them back, but with an FPGA that third parties can put their specialized cellphone or whatever stuff in Intel will be able to get into this game at only a minor disadvantage. Not an actual disagreement, but remember to consider General von Manstein's thoughts on intelligence and energy too: “There are only four types of officers. First, there are the lazy, stupid ones. Leave them alone, they do no harm. Second, there are the hard-working intelligent ones. They make excellent staff officers, ensuring that every detail is properly considered. Third, there are the hard-working, stupid ones. These people are a menace, and must be fired at once. They create irrelevant work for everybody. Finally, there are the intelligent lazy ones. They are suited for the highest office.” What do you mean grammatically incorrect? The singular they was used by Shakespeare for heaven's sake, its not some recent invention. Rather, the prejudice against the singular they (and the split infinitive) stem from when people looked down on ways in which English deviated from the rules of Latin. Personally, I think its silly to call any construct thats been in use for hundreds of years among educated people% and serves a useful purpose "ungrammatical". %The Chicago Manual of style lists "Addison, Austen, Chesterfield, Fielding, Ruskin, Scott, and Shakespeare." No. The e^x properties of imaginary number are way easier than mucking about with much more complex equations involving sine and cosine. From accidents in the early days of nuclear research and extrapolation. An example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demon_core Japan style stagflation? Japan has been suffering deflation during its recent period of stagnation. Indeed, the Japan central bank has long worked hard to insure that inflation in Japan remains roughly 0%, and they have on average succeeded at this, with some years the yen increasing in value and some years decreasing - but generally these changes cancelling out. Indeed, many people like Milton Friedman have blamed the bank's insistance on 0 inflation for playing a role in Japans economic problems. I wouldn't bet on inflation. Inflation is most directly caused by people's expectations about inflation - and the market's expectations as seen in the difference in price between inflation protected securities and securities that aren't inflation protected (the TIPS spread) is still that inflation will remain low. "The Noah principle: predicting rain doesn’t count, building arks does." -Warren E. Buffett Really? They seemed to print hand-wringing articles about how developed countries are too far in dept semi-regularly until the recent financial crisis. Example: http://www.economist.com/node/275183 Are you involved in web development? It probably is about equal there, but where I work we have a substantial contingent of people who use Python on top of C or C++ for hardware control or who have switched from Matlab to Python, but I don't think I know a single Ruby user. Given that our current Lithium batteries decay over time, its not unreasonable to suspect that new ones based on this technology will too. Individual households, small business, and the government are all actors in the free market that are within the same ballpark as corporations. And any of these is quite capable of forming hiveminds too - as do individual government departments, charitable organizations, political parties, labor unions, professional associations, and internet discussion forums. You can't see the change in the overall economy, but you can see if the people who you gave the tax cut to are investing or spending more. But its not too far from being true, wages have increased very slowly vs. GDP. What _has_ risen at the same rate as the GDP is the amount spent on employee compensation, but that includes wages, benefits, and the costs of administering the first two. A lot of this is rising health-care costs that have been increasingly been met by employer provided health insurance, but part of it is just companies preferring to give compensation in ways that won't be taxed. I've had that taped to my office wall since way back when I decided to use Vim. That, and the intermediate learning cheatsheets here were very useful. http://www.viemu.com/a_vi_vim_graphical_cheat_sheet_tutorial... I don't really see why we should try to be indpendant in energy rather than copper or cars or anything else. Trade and specialization are important and its only nationalism to want to try to produce everything in one's own country. Now if you're saying that we shouldn't be dependant on the the particular countries that now produce oil I might agree, but what would be wrong with the US being dependant on Mexican solar energy or Brazilian sugarcane? Really? If you consider that more poeple would be living in and paying rent for the cheap housing than for the expensive housing it isn't obvious that this would all go one way. I don't think that we can or should try to totally eliminate the variations in income among neighborhoods, but we can stop passing laws that make it worse. I'm not sure the historical record bears that out. The problem that popular moral philosophies have is that over time they accrete rationalizations for allowing their adherents to do what they wanted to do anyways. Thats one reason why converts, who might not have been exposed to the culture surrounding these ideas, are often the most fanatical. If you like Banks you might consider checking out the other two members of the "Scottish Clique", Ken Macleod and Charles Stross. Both write some really good stuff. Other new good hard SF writers might be Cory Doctorow, Michael Chabon, Rachel Swirsky, Sara Genge, Geoffrey Landis, Elizabeth Bear, Ted Chiang, Paolo Bacigalupi, Aliette de Bodard, Mary Robinette Kowal, Charlie Jane Anders, Felicity Shoulders, and Ian Tregillis. I haven't read them all, but they're all at least on my reading list for good hard SF due to recommendations from friends I trust. And I'll second the Alistair Reynolds recommendation too. We live in a society where its ok to joke approvingly about prisoner's suffering violent rape. Of course our prisons are horrible to be in. He's certainly good, I really loved Distress, but I guess I don't think of him as new. Which is sort of silly I guess, given that he's still putting out stuff. If we're including him might as well do Bruce Sterling as well. I'm rereading "Distraction" at the moment and it hold up pretty darn well - except for failures of understanding about the economics of software development. I love Vinge as much as the next guy, but he really hasn't done much in "the last 10 years." Well, except Rainbows End which was pretty good. So now it seems that AMD is going in a more GPGPU direction, incorporating the equivalents of some of the changes that NVidia made with their most recent architecture. Except that policemen and prosecutes only ever interact with a jury once, and judges are often former prosecutors making them sympathetic to what prosecutors have to do to win cases. Have you been following the "Videotaping the police" meta-story thats been coming up these last couple of years? Even when video evidence laters shows that a police officer was lying on the stand there are seldom any consequences, and those are usually just a period of paid leave. In High School civics class Back In The Day we discussed a study that showed that a significant majority of Americans would agree with the statement "People should be able to advocate any political belief, no matter how wrong" but an equally significant majority would disagree with "People should be able to advocate Nazi beliefs." That is, people hold many abstract beliefs that they don't apply to specific situations. The problem is that Comcast wants to sell "20 megabits down, 20 megabits up, no torrent traffic" but market it as "20 megabits down, 20 megabits up". Which is actually a problem that doesn't require complete network neutrality to solve, but might benefit from government intervention. This is sort of a divisive issue for Libertarians. On the one hand, patents extend the reach of Capitalism into new places, which some libertarians who are reflexively pro-Capitalism like. On the other hand, patents are government restrictions on what you can do with your property, so more consistent (imho) Libertarians tend to be against them. But on the other hand, Martha Coakley just narrowly lost a senate election, so while there is some rare downside risk to prosecutorial misconduct, there's the potential upside of being elected to high office for being "tough on crime". The notion that you ought to be willing to become an expert in any field if your need is great enough is entirely in line with the ethos of Hacker News. I seem to recall a similar study I heard about a while ago, showing that although the average life expectancy of Norway was a lot higher than that of the US, people of Norwegian descent in the US tended to live longer than those in Norway. Lets see, for the simple text editing: qa/vim yypjddq@a@a so 18. qa/v yypJDq@a@a 15 Arg, the fact that Y and yy are synonyms always messes me up. Why can't it be like c/C/cc and d/D/dd? Yes, the TSA's policies cause somewhere on the order of 100 extra road deaths each year. Not for every piece of software I install on my computer, but if I'm doing it for work or if its important like an OS or a cellphone plan I do try to read the entire document. Its really not that bad if you're willing to take a few minutes and they aren't written purposefully to be hard to understand - just to be legally precise. Yes, and I've also seen 150 road deaths on one http://www.thenewamerican.com/index.php/usnews/constitution/... and 190.7 deaths via all TSA causes in another that even includes methodoloty http://patrick.wagstrom.net/weblog/2010/11/24/do-the-tsa-new... The bias of those sources might skew their results, but I really doubt the number is less than 50, hence my use of "on the order of". I don't think that ARM is as clear a win in high performance areas as you seem to think. ARM does let you get away with not having most of the decode logic that an x86 has to carry around, but thats pretty small penuts compared to out-or-order logic with a decent reorder window size, or a wide execution cluster with the associated bypass network. And while instruction predication does let you avoid a lot of branching nearly for free in the ARM architecture it makes out of order logic much less effective because now there are a lot more dependencies between instructions. That was the reason the Alpha team decided not to use predication, even though they were familiar with the idea. Its also why the Itanium, an in order architecture, used predication. As the other commenter pointed out, I'm talking about instruction predication (also called conditional execution) instead of branch prediction. In any ISA you have branches that might or might not execute depending on some conditions. With ARM, the first four bits of every single instruction - not just branches but loads and stores, addition and subtraction, etc - are used to specify under what conditions the instruction will be executed - so you can have small 'if' statements that don't actually need any branches when they're compiled. All that is really pretty awesome if you're designing your processor to go in order, but if you want to try out of order execution it becomes more complicated. Now you have to check every instruction to see if its predicated, and if it is you now have a new dependency on the previous arithmetic instruction even if there isn't any data dependency between the two. Of course you could argue that if you find a predicated instruction in ARM code then its replacing a branch that would be in x86 code, and that overall your job is no harder. And you could go back and forth arguing over it. The important thing to remember, though, is the things that give the ARM ISA inherent advantages when you're making low power, in order processors aren't necessarily advantages when you're talking about high performance, high power processors. The most exciting thing about the new processors are the AVX instructions and we're going to have to wait a bit more to see gains from those. With Sandybridge Intel created a new set of instructions to replace/supplement SSE. There are some nice things about them that ought to mean that they should have higher performance. However, no existing software uses them so the AVX stuff isn't being used right now. In N months when software has code execution paths using AVX we might see these guys pull ahead of Nehalem processors. AMD will have its own processors using AVX coming out soon too. On thing I didn't realize immediately. Since the larger registers are program state that has to be stored and restored between thread switches you need operating system support before you can enable AVX. Apparently this is coming to Windows in service pack 1 of Windows 7. I don't know. For all that some people treat Ayn Rand's stuff as The End Of All Wisdom it can also do good - it shook me out of some bland and unconsidered pieties that Hollywood had instilled in me. I have a fair number of huge disagreements with Rand and don't really respect her much as a thinker - but I'm still glad I read the book when I did. The law was different back when Google was having its IPO. That law has but Sarbanes-Oxely, which has caused Facebook to avoid an IPO and Google not to, was much more recent. It must have been a very compelling dog and pony show that Microsoft put on to get ActiveX mandated by law in South Korea. The fact that people are getting smarter over time is the firm scientific consensus and I'd think that most science writers should know that: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flynn_Effect Brain volume contributes to a lot of things. It might be that we're getting clumsier, or that we're less visually perceptive than our ancestors were. But we can be sure that IQs aren't going down. On the other hand AMD's chips will be much, much cheaper to produce between using less transistors and working on an older process. But there are also cultures that say that someone who doesn't demand a bribe is selfishly turning down money he could use to support his relatives out of fear of punishment for bribe taking. I very much agree about window management being much easier on Linux. Windows 7 made things better, but there's still a ways to go before they catch up with Gnome in this regard. And you'll notice that the BBC and CNN reports don't have any of the background or details that would give you intellectual gratification. "Mossad killed a guy, here are all the press releases we were sent" like the BBC and CNN news certainly wouldn't belong on Hackers News, but I think this article does. I think their interview's might be a little uneven. I was asked how to swap the values of two registers in hardware and I said something about muxes and lines. When the interviewer sounded skeptical I started expounding on different types of latches and their properties. In retrospect I think they wanted the xor trick, but that's really a firmware or software thing. Needless to say I didn't get the real interview. Thumb1 sort of sucked at performance so the only people who used it were the ones who were very memory-constrained. Thumb2 is much better. Presumably the professionals who have a financial stake in the matter have the time to submit their videos again and again and again, while actual amateurs don't. At least, thats what seems to happen on craigslist in many catagories so I presume the same dynamic holds on "user-created" porn sites. If you're doing these on an industrial scale a liquid salt battery might be worth while. But the working poor who suffer only because they haven't had opportunities are the ones who "have life expectancies, security of food and shelter and rates of possession of consumer durables that mark them out as among the blessed of history." All of which isn't to say that we can't afford to do more to help the unfortunate in our country, but comparing the plight of the poor in the US to the plight of the poor in, say, the Congo is ludicrous. But if the only bad thing about being poor is comparing yourself to people who are better off then thats not a problem that we'd ever be able to solve. If we're actually increasing poor people's life expectancies with welfare (and we do!) then we have a good excuse for using government money to help poor people. If all we were doing was acting on people's envy then welfare wouldn't be justified. But if we're spending money not to cushion people's feelings but to materially improve their lives, and if we consider the life of someone in Rwanda to have the same value as someone in the US, then the relative plights of the people in Rwanda _do_ figure in to it. If it were true that the only measure of welfare were relative then, since I care about myself somewhat more than other people, it would behoove me to not only eliminate welfare but make the lives of the poor as hard as possible so I could raise my relative status. Luckily, the scientific studies I've seen show that there are many things (health, marriage, security, etc) that are more important to people's happiness than relative status or wealth. Sodium Sulfur, Sodium Aluminumchloride, Potassium, whatever. This actually seems like an "almost there" technology which would blossom if there was a big demand for it. Honestly, just reading through the help system in general is fascinating. The effective intensity of a laser falls of as the range squared, so you need a pretty hefty laser to dazzle someone at range. The intensity of reflected laser light falls of with the fourth power of the range, making reflected light not much of a concern for the crew. Its quite possible for the pirates to put a mirror between them and the ship, indeed it should be quite possible for the pirates to just turn their heads away from the defending ship. The problem for the pirates is that its hard to effectively attack something you can't look at, however. Red glasses might be an effective countermeasure, though, as other people have pointed out. Far more useful than looking at inequality in wealth or even income is inequality in consumption. On the other hand, nothing says that the China censorship mechanism has to be consistent, in fact I'd almost expect them to be arbitrary and capricious. It might be that whatever individual decided to ban this book would also have wanted to ban other the things you mention if they had been aware of them. You misunderstand, I'm very much not saying that there is or will be a general policy of banning things related to Bayesian methods. Rather, thats its quite possible one mid-level bureaucrat thought that Bayesian methods were unacceptable in this one instance. Maybe he (I think "he" is a safe assumption here) was confused and really thought that this sort of math was subversive. Maybe he was worried that he hadn't banned enough things this month and his supperiors would think he was lazy. Maybe the publisher failed to pay the customary bribe. In any of these cases, though, the official reason for the ban might very well be that "Bayesian Methods are subversive". Reviewing the evidence a bit more, it seems I shouldn't be. I imagined the gender ratio in the CCP was worse than what evidence I've been able to dig up suggests it is. While NVidia has had the most powerful single chip for the last while, AMD has had the most powerful board and until the last half year or so generally beat NVidia on performance/price to. Before the 4000 series NVidia had the lead, and before that I hadn't been paying attention. One area NVidia has held the lead in for the last few years in GPGPU, but thats a pretty small market. I'll agree that 100ms to 10ms difference probably isn't a social good, but if a certain amount of money is due to a group of people for their role in providing liquidity and they choose to collectively wast a fraction of it on cutthroat zero-sum competition with each other I'll say thats sort of a shame, but I don't really think its anything I need to worry about. And its not even true for all top consulting agencies and investment banks (I can't speak for law firms). I know that Goldman Sachs recruits pretty heavily at MIT. My college dorm's Laundry webservers were slashdotted but someone was still able to come along later, patent the idea, and try to sue us. Yes, and really it wasn't much of a problem for us. The company still has a monopoly on the laundry-webserver business, though, and overcharges other people horribly. Don't look down on the social sciences too much, there was a time when great battles were fought between the people who believed in Darwinian evolution and those who believed in Mendelian genetics. Generally, whether or not the science that goes into a newspaper article is good the science that comes out is bad. "No feedstock" is very different from "no nutrients" but the way the article was written makes me think that the reporter didn't know or didn't care about that distinction. So it might very well be a hoax, but we really can't take the article as any sort of evidence. I'm pretty sure this would be a matter of having lots of genetically engineered microorganisms in tanks rather than in the wild. Hard to collect the oil otherwise. Moore's diagram's in his origonal paper, presumably. However, while he only plotted a few data points he presumably used his experience with the semi-conductor industry in general and so actually had more. ftp://download.intel.com/museum/Moores_Law/Articles-Press_Releases/Gordon_Moore_1965_Article.pdf