Excellent work! Thanks also for responsible behavior on the pending flaws. Sorry, but this is a joke. The internet was indeed invented in Europe, but you have to acknowledge the inventors, not some unrelated causes. normally ted nelson is cited as most important cause. the early inventions were http and www in geneve, cern and in parallel hyper media browsing (htp and integrated browsers) at the tu graz. Not yet indexed by Play Store, but can be found by going to the http url. Oops, the problem is: My 2 T-Mobile HTC 4G phones are not compatible with this app. Neither T-Mobile Samsung SGH-T679, and Vodaphone Samsung GT-I9000. Only works on Asus Nexus 7. Guess it will not turn out as killer app then. This suggests other fixes, such as apk sizes http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10475954/why-does-the-goo... Because US tech companies still use MS Windows and their employers may use Facebook and Gmail on their PCs. Easy as that The boss wants putty, the user can edit .ssh/config by himself already. I especially chose code.google.com over github. After the SourceForge troubles I thought, this is a big company, which will not go away soon. I can trust them hosting my repos there. In comparison to github. But unfortunately github turned out to improve their stack constantly in contrast to googlecode, and now it seems they are also turning down downloads, though that would be a feature that is much cheaper for them to support than for github. It's minimum support cost, their bandwidth is free and almost unlimited. bad bad bad. I start to regret my decision. Though really, binary downloads for open source projects make not much sense nowadays. Compile from source or leave it to a distro. So, if windows users cannot deal with open source they should get it from closed source. The binary distros do exist. mingw or cygwin even have graphical UIs. Not a googlecode problem. I hate to provide binary dll's for lazy windows users. windows compilers are free nowadays. I can wholeheartely recommend this tool. With tsan I found a lot of races in parrot threads, which I didn't detect in months before. Those were all real issues. http://blogs.perl.org/users/rurban/2012/08/threadsanitizer.h... Welcome to micromanagement to its extreme So Turkey is helping preparing the first strike tomorrow morning. The UN inspectors are out finally, the chemical theatre took place again, and finally they strike can begin. Reportedly Saturday until Wednesday. The not-social encumbered myopenid bows down to social login's only. This is an interesting decision in the light of recent steps back from social login's over privacy misuses. There is a great potential for new services, which do not misuse globally trackable social logins. But I cannot find his previous open-sourced tool anymore, UNA. Now I'm only waiting for ZeroBrane to integrate the profiler into the IDE and LUA beats the rest by far. I'll try to integrate the profiler and debugging API into the lua derived potion and p2 as well. Dynamic and static parsing is different to just calling eval within the parser. "Dynamic parsing problems" such as solving the halting problem, by e.g. changing the prototypes or eval'ing code in BEGIN blocks are just small practical problems. In practice the parser only has to be GC-safe, which needs a few days work. | BEGIN b:block { p2_eval(P, b) } On the other hand the "dynamic vs static parsing" on perl11.org talks about compiling and extending parser rules at run-time, which needs a fast vm to do this. To be able to support macros. Not perl5, perl6 or nqp. Efficiency should be near the C level, but you shouldn't be forced to go the rakudo way with its insane bootstrapping and serialization overhead just to support BEGIN blocks in its stdlib and support run-time parsing. The JVM or .NET could do that, but I don't buy the overhead, esp. when you look at fast parser combinators in lua, lisp or look at maru, which is basically a jitting parser, bootstrapping itself. The author p2 because of perl11: 1+1=2 And 2 as the next perl, because it should solve the p5 problem, being not extendable and improvable. And the p6 vm problem being not fast enough, and being tied to inadequate vm's and mops. This is the idea at least. The p2 goal is to use as much non-conflicting p6 syntax within p5, and mark conflicting parts in special lexically scoped syntax blocks. But data and methods should be shared, the ast, compiler, vm, threads and event model ditto. Syntax blocks also allow easier ffi and sql interaction, { use syntax "C"; c declarations ... } being a nice FFI language, compared to "extern { c decls; ... }", which is also nice. We want to use efficient signatures, methods, classes, tasks, coros, promises, hyper operators, types, lazy lists and so in perl, regardless if you call it p5, p6 or p2. Yes, the crazy numbering numbering scheme is an inside joke. First we had the endless perl7 discussion just skipping over 6 and show some artifical progress in 5. Next came the moe folks (p5-mop in a new vm) who registered perl8.org as domain pointing to scala. Then came Ingy with the 5+6=11 idea. Whow $ zcat ~/Downloads/static.log.gz | perl -lne'if (m/ 200 (\d+)/) { print $1 }'|sort |uniq -c 390 0 523 10881 639 12479 16276 1279 178111 2602 1 4071 14 4072 63 4801 112 4812 9431 5097 27654 5821 110 5911 1348 6008 162 7884 256 8278 568 9035 1103 9634 That's a lot of changes Finally a proof that New Yorkers are more stupid than anyone else. They cannot predict the speed of approaching vehicles and thus have to be protected from such vehicles. I wonder how the city council found proof for that claim. I also hate those Deletionists who have no clue about what they are talking about, use no real names, but still are allowed to make decisions like this. In open source you could fork it, but unfortunately this doesn't work like this in Wikipedia. I dared to recreate it. May those uninformed deletionists come again. So far the new/old page got one positive review. True header. Don't write code first. First write the docs to understand the problem domain from the other side, the user, and come up with a better API. Then write the tests to support this API you came up with, and help structuring the code into small testable units. And lastly write the code. The business model needs not to be written, it must be simple enough to stay in your head and explain it to anybody in two sentences anyway. I always consider Spike Lee as technically worst filmmaker working today, and wondered who on earth did he get to rights for the Oldboy remake. He cannot even get the simpliest things right, and I wonder how often the DP needs to help him adjusting the shooting plan, tell him that he crossed the line and adjusted angles, and how much the editor has to fix. And we have to see the results. But with the Oldboy remake you would need a master, not an amateur with a hyper ego. Anyway, I decided to skip that desaster last year already. And now we see that he is also in other departments one of the lowest. Unrealistic. He has the last word on the posters being choosen. He already chose these posters, but was told that the guy asked for money. It was his decision to rip him off. He is the producer also. The controversy already started when we heard that Spike Lee (!), the amateur who doesn't even know the simpliest technical film skills got the rights. A similar controversy arose when M. Night Shyamalan sat on the rights for "Life of Pi" for a few years, but was ultimately replaced by Ang Lee. The only one who could master such a job. With the Oldboy remake it was clear from the beginning that it would lead to a desaster, but apparently the studio owed Spike Lee a big favor. Of course I agree with Dekorte. Having written compilers written in perl, C and LISP - the ones in perl in pure OO, and the ones in C and LISP without, I conclude that I rather add classes and methods to my compilers than trying to improve it without. In the one written in C, classes are supported by the intermediate VM though (dynamically typed, very similar to Io), which is still better than having to write it in horrible C++. Google is going now after DOD (defense = war) contracts? This is frightening indeed. asan being less feature complete than memcheck is arguably wrong. if you look at their feature overview https://code.google.com/p/address-sanitizer/wiki/ComparisonO... you'll see that they do detect stack oob and global oob (buffer overflows), and some use after return. being 10-20x faster also helps, that rarely someones uses valgrind (we found a lot of bugs even valgrind would have detected, if someone would have tried), but you can ship betas compiled with asan. Again he is spinning/lying about the word "collecting". Their interpretation of collection is still collecting + looking at it, while the rest of world still interprets collection as collection. Countermeasure: plastic http://eyebloc.com/ or just a small piece of paper on a tape, which looks better. http://hospitalityrisksolutions.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/... commonly called the bus factor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_factor I believe we heard that some months before already. The biggest problem is IMHO their libcrypto still being used in Java and MS Windows. Interesting interview: - He obviously speaks german now quite fluently, so I assume he will stay in Berlin, in a much safer country. - Obviously the CIA still tries to get hands on the Snowden data to know how much and what exactly the journalists have, to be prepared. So they still don't have this information. This could eventually lead to better NSA reforms, as they still have to fear the worst. Yes: > The anger that motivated the writing of the Cookbook blinded me to the illogical notion that violence can be used to prevent violence. I see, right. Perl objects are even bigger and need one indirection per access. A perl head is 32 bytes plus 48 byte body, ie. 80byte on 64bit systems. For my perl rewrite p2 I need one single word per object on the stack. Common Lisps usually needs two words, the class pointer and the tagged value. I really liked the visualization of the various GC's btw. Excellent work! The important number is the avg pause time. Here with ruby 2.1 7ms for a minor and 58ms for a major sweep for a typical ~500K heap app. In my potion-based GC (a stack-scanning, compacting, cheney two-finger GC) the avg GC needs 3ms, but it's not concurrent (multi-threaded) yet. All of these can be considered real-time, i.e. The best java GC I found needed 150ms pause time. Good lisp's have real-time GCs. Ok, so let's agree on 6 years. In the EU had lifetime plus 30 years. The 70 years came from the US movie industry and was forced upon us. Excuse me? Do you have no idea what right the TSA has and how the TSA abuses their rights? Besides being highly overpaid and highly ineffective as mentioned by the Israeli airport security chief recently. Only in 3rd world countries like the US and some of the worst parts of Africa and Asia you have to wait over 1hr in the line on average, and it's better to avoid the worst airports, like Detroit, Chicago, Minneapolis, Atlanta or Newark at all to fly in from abroad. Paris CDG (de Gaulle), Heathrow, Rome and Istanbul are the worst in Europe and you still cannot compare it to any airport in the US when flying in. I don't think that the president has the effective power to do any harm to the security apparatus. He didn't even try so far, though it was rumored that he might go Bulworth some day. They probably have too much power and info over him. But at least he is still alive. JFK tried too but was eliminated by them, and afterwards only the Church committee tried to limit their power a bit, but not their budgets. The fact the Obama completely turned 180° on all security and constitutional matters from his senate times should tell you. The first and second act are quite plausible, but Jonze complelety blew it in the third, by introducing her crush on the influental hippie buddhist philosopher ("The Way of Zen") Alan Watts. Using AI to discuss jealousy and modern relations ships is too off. Agreed. The potion/QISH implementation of the two-finger cheney loop is extremely efficient even without register values (volatile), typically 3ms pause time on a mid-sized heap. Compare that to typical java or ruby pause times, starting from 25ms to typically 150-250ms. You need more memory though, as in most lisps it's using copying, i.e. compacting, not just simple mark&sweep. Incremental is doable, but you need to add GC state then, which is a bit tricky in threads. Actually libgc is pretty good. The US is in state of emergency, essential martial law since March 9, 1933. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_of_emergency#Ongoing Surprisingly shadow article for someone like Walter Bright. Just some basic recommendations, but nothing practical? No links to books, parsers, implementations? The easiest start would be "Compiler Construction using Flex and Bison" by Anthony A. Aaby, available as free pdf, and for adding LLVM to the mix the link would be: http://gnuu.org/2009/09/18/writing-your-own-toy-compiler/ There needs much more to be said, e.g. links to such languages which were written in a day and are not necessarily lisp or scheme. That would be too easy. I find it very naive to believe that the FBI agent filled out the form incorrectly. Looks like a bad excuse to me to get over that issue finally. It rather looks like that she was put on the list just because of an overzealous agent who didn't want to risc anything or maybe mixed up her name. And he didn't care to put that back, esp. after she complained. So they played the national security game for a while. How can government agencies still can get away with accusing someone of "theft" and accessing a "private computer" and "private documents" when they just publish documents on the web, and the public is consuming them? The fact that there was a HTTPAUTH protected login page in some up path on the site does not infer that the documents should have been protected. They are or they are not. And they looked legit, i.e. public. Esp. with government documents you are safe to assume that they are public, if they are public and look public. Given the latest news it is also very likely that the FBI with the help of some other government cyber-crime unit raided Silk Road 2. You will see it only when the thieves will try to sell or exchange the bitcoins. The FBI won't do, and it will be in the news sooner and later. > Actually Poland which is 2nd world country really, has better life expectancy that USA! Which is easy to explain the US also being just a 2nd world country. The difference is that the US standards are falling and the other 2nd world countries are mostly rising. Oh nice. They have now almost a Common Lisp environment. Getting closer to Greenspun's tenth rule. Sure. Ukrainian Security Service hired criminals and led criminals out of jail, gave them weapons and so they went shooting at the protesters. World news (i.e. US, UK and some other state sponsored news services) are still behind Yanukovich, so I wouldn't trust how they are spinning the events. Exactly the same for me. I was approached several times, tried the interview up to the second stage, but it was just horrible. Same as you explained. I also said, no thank you. Not any other technical company I interviewed with was THAT bad. They should really fire all their hiring personal. he was talking about scope here. hashes do not help much. assoc lists were important to implement dynamic environments simple and fast, which is not so easy with hash tables. In assoc lists you tolerate duplicates, but by putting new at the beginning you override/"shadow" the old ones, until you leave scope and use the old assoc list. and share the data! with hashes you have to actively delete or copy the tables. non-efficient and very complicated. Remember DSSSL anyone? Obviously worse was better Hell, those criminals were even granted immunity for their crimes. Forward immunity by letter 2511, and retrospective by the FISA Amendments Act of 2008. And just because the DOJ and the gov say it's legal does not mean it's legal per se. parrot is definitely not dead. Some people left. It has some architectural problems (missing 6model and slow method calls) and had to survive some destruction done over the last years, but it had a good jit and has better threads than moar, which will bite moar sooner or later. parrot threads are essentially lock-less and scale linearly, moar threads are traditional, they lock on every single hash, array or object access. The parrot jit will come back soon. And I just fixed all internal compiler optimizations, so parrot -O2 is safe again. On the other hand, the moar GC and calling convention is better than parrot, their new GC is a copying one, similar to the third vm targetting perl, p2 on potion. http://perl11.org/p2/ If this is the actual goal they are not even bad at hiring, which I can testify personally, they are also bad to be hired at. They cannot offer interesting jobs, their hiring practice and personnel sucks, their pay is not really competitive. Who wants to work for Google if you are >30 and experienced enough? You get free meals elsewhere also. Sure. LISP is always worth the time, even if you cannot use it at work. Technically still far superior to everything else out there. I heard Germany and Italy had many double taxation issues also, besides Australia, but they have at least treaties to avoid such. They only other state which goes after their people living abroad is Ethiopia, but they have double taxation treaties with at least Israel, Italy and South Africa. So yes, US tax laws are the worst. Come on, this guy is not everything. The first link I clicked was at the bottom left: Project which brought me to https://ramen.is/projects/ramen which explains everything in detail this guy did not find and searched for. Overall, looks a fancy new kickstarter site. I care about projects not kickstarter per se, so I like the idea how the projects are presented in ramen. Better description: http://techcrunch.com/2014/04/02/microsoft-updates-visual-st... I would have appreciated if you would also had described the downsides of using DynASM compared to other jitters. E.g. In lightning you don't care too much about the target architecture, as you jit to an abstract RISC machine. So the jit library is portable (not in DynASM), does handle the calling conventions for you (not in DynASM), and does register optimizations automatically (max 6 with lightning), again not in DynASM). The real trick you seem to like is the syntax abstraction, using | as prefix. But normal C can do the same with __asm(string) and it's easier to use C macros for portable ASM, and LISP jit libraries have long done the same, with the advantage in LISP that the JIT macros in lisp are part of the normal language. No need to deal with restricted C macros. If it would be that easy. ssh not, but all those. Some of them actually use the heartbeat feature. curl seems to be the worst. $ apt-cache showpkg libssl1.0.0 => http://perl514.cpanel.net/libssl1.0.0.depends (186 deps) I loved his Zortech compiler, esp. the nice GUI which beat all others, but mostly his C library which came with it. I used a lot of his libraries for while, until I decided that C/C++ is a dead end. With D he found his mojo, but people are still raving about Rust and are still mostly ignoring Walter. Big thanks to Facebook for deciding on D. Only ObjC came close but D is better. Is this a late April 1 joke? This should be the major argument against GnuTSL and OpenSSL. PolarSSL is symbolically verified! You can see some screenshots at http://blog.frama-c.com/ but unfortunately their frama-c annotations for polarssl are not open source. It would help a lot if such annotations could be used for similar crypto APIs also. There are many more such symbolic verifiers and bugfinders out there (using solvers), but Frama-C was one the first and is still one of the best. Their test system knows about valgrind and ASan and runs it if available. There's also a frama-c annotated version. not open source, but still this is exceptional. I'm just missing CPU specific optimizations (SSE, Altivec, ...) I'm not so sure about the fuzzer. We have several good symbolic fuzzers around by ourselves, like fuzzgrind, but not so many open symbolic bug finders, like BAP, MAYHEM, EXE, forensic, cmbc. It could also be that they just added symbolic annotations like with Frama-C (as done with portalssl) and found bugs thereby. openssl nor gnutls is not in the shape to add something like this by themselves. It's much easier to come up with workable exploits in decent time with symbolic input and the stp or z3 solver than with simple fuzzing. Klee, EXE, Forensic, cbmc, BAP all mix symbolic analysis with SAT solvers into the C parse tree, and can come up with input to contradict the assertions. (automatic testcases or exploits) Frama-C still beats all with it's interface, but Forensic is so nice that it even tells how the fix should look like. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_checking Frama-C does not say much, when do don't tell it what it should do. It needs to reason over symbolic facts, C code is not enough. It's not just another simple static code checker. You can look at the Frama-C blog what it does with a major openssl competitor, polarssl. http://blog.frama-c.com/ He missed Erlang, heavily used at Wall Street. In my experience I could concentrate much better on work, and got much more done. Esp. in wintertime, when depression can catch you much easier. Work is a good excuse to forget the private mess, and this needs time, at least a few months. Try to forget, get distraction, go outside. Looks like doing business with US companies is now in severe trouble as the US does not care to obey foreign privacy laws. At least it's official now. No serious concerns. Just the typical overly debian knee-jerk reaction to bring someone down by bullying "because we can" and not for technical merits. There was no argumentation why cacert should be removed. Maybe Assange was right? (I still doubt it, debian politicians are just as stupid and like to abuse their powers as any other politicians are) You do want to support a non-commercial and community driven CA cert authority, because you don't want to rely on commercial-only cert's which are not based on technical merits, just on friendship and common business interests. You really want a free HTTPS connection to your favorite open source projects login page, and do not force them to pay yearly CA update fees to not trustworthy cert authorities for no reason. Currently you need to add the cacert into your keychain on some distros manually. See http://wiki.cacert.org/FAQ/ImportRootCert Pathetic. Still waiting for one and a half year. Why should I pay a not-trustworthy company, when I can get one for free, from a widely respected and completely open sourced and community managed authority? Hash randomization avoids the O(n) attack on collisions if the randomized seed is not detectable. But if you don't sort the output of keys, rather depend on the random seed to iterate over the keys, the seed provides no protection anymore for the O(n) attack. It is very exposed and a minor security risc for DDoS attacks. Perl is bit better than Go here, but not as good as Python. The real problem is exposing too much information of the seed by the ordering of the keys, and not preventing the algorithmic explosion on collision attacks. Such languages should really rework their collision handling strategy and not rely on randomized seeds (which can be brute forced or easily guessed such as here) or even worse, by strengthening the hash function. TL;DR: The poster has no idea about hash tables, what Go did, why they did it, what the problem is and what should be improved. PS: His cygwin git blog post is also completely wrong. He uses msysgit with some msys openssl version and complains about cert warnings. Of course, he is not using cygwin. Nonsense. A high-level language developer uses the higher concepts to get more work done, in better ways, and less time. Hacks always strike back, sooner or later. Instead of "Codes like a class, works like an int!" they probably meant "Codes like a class, works like a struct". The fact that a final class cannot be represented and optimized to a simple struct in a non-dynamic language is really disturbing. Logarithmic is not constant. The fact that elm announces constant array access will not surprise anybody, as this is an inherent property of arrays. But then seeing that they have to use radix-trees for arrays and announcing it as constant is highly misleading. These guys should switch over to politics. And this only holds for immutable arrays! So even without push,pop,shift,unshift they have to use trees for arrays. That's almost a month old Regarding the "Perl 5 interpreter for the JVM": See rakudo-jvm. It can run perl5 and perl6 code, and has proper threading support, but the perl5 backend is still in development. Regarding the "Perl 5 to Javascript compiler": See perlito perlcc, the static C compiler is very stable and used in production. Nonsense. In industrial applications there's mostly german SW controlling the world market. They don't care that you never heard about it. Same problem for any graphical programming environment which doesn't provide proper software tools, like diff's for updates, tests, coverage, debugging. But nevertheless they are used and recommended very successfully. Matlab Simulink is a very similar environment used professionally to a much higher degree. There are extensions in some toolbox for graphical diffs, but who uses it? Who can review the diffs in a version control system? And those systems are pretty hard to debug also. In a 10Khz loop you cannot step through or set breakpoints and hardly do printf debugging. Looks good, but the syntax is ugly, and sol uses a much nicer type syntax and allows definitions of subtypes already. https://github.com/emilk/sol The limit is 15. Around this number Not to be mixed up with Alexei Shulgin, the popular internet artist from Moscow: http://www.easylife.org/ He is well and alive. He was not indicted because he was merely running a TOR exit node, he rather was indicted because chat protocols proved that he was aware of child porn being run over his server, and he even announced it to be better to run child porn over his server. http://m.futurezone.at/netzpolitik/tor-prozess-du-kannst-kin... he himself says in his blog that this protocol parts are out of context. he wanted to get access to certain botnets. I aligns to previously known data and studies that >50% of all black men in the age group 18-60 were in US prisons. I didn't know about the rates of young whites and hispanics. But given the enormous prisoner numbers in the US it also sounds plausible. Reading the letters would help. A physical attack. "Choking" But I would highly doubt her credibility having read her smear letter and the questioning methods they did those times, and the four years needed for the divorce. p64: from an "Los Angeles Times" report 7/18/56 "His ex-wife reportedly testified that on several occasions when she unwittingly disturbed either his calculus or his drums he flew into violent rage, during which time he choked her, threw pieces of bric-a-brac about and smashed the furniture." The other citations left out the choking part literally: "...the appointee's wife was granted a divorce from him because of appointee's constantly working calculus problems in his head as soon as awake, while driving car, sitting in living room, and so forth, and that his one hobby was playing his African drums. His ex-wife reportedly testified that on several occasions when she unwittingly disturbed either his calculus or his drums he flew into a violent rage, during which time he attacked her, threw pieces of bric-a-brac about and smashed the furniture." I wonder what she wrote on the deleted 13 consecutive pages attachment at the end about his "Evidence of Disloyalty" and "Personality and Character", that the even the FBI decided to delete it. And a second questioning about 2 specific points brought nothing specific, so it was only this famous single letter. I find it interesting how she made up the numbered list of arguments which sound like FBI wordings, probably influenced by the questioning method. She is summarized by the FBI as "She said that her personal feeling is that FEYNMAN is without character or acceptable moral fiber. She ... emphatically he is not acceptable to her as an appointment to any position with the U.S. Government which would require moral character and emotional stability." (p188) And she refused to furnish a signed statement on these allegations. I call this bullshit. As far as I know, criminals had always a designated driver for exactly those reasons. "bad actors will be able to conduct tasks that require use of both hands or taking one's eyes off the road which would be impossible today" Looks like the FBI is just pushing to get a real-time interface into the car control. "Algorithms can control the distance that the patrol car is behind the target to avoid detection or intentionally have a patrol car make opposite turns at intersections, yet successfully meet up at later points with the target" root_ordner: german only word And what to do with the executive? And what do you with the legislative? Only the supreme court can be replaced by politicians. There's no other way out than start telling people the truth. Which might start with independent media and education. But US people are already even more indoctrinated than in the 30ies with Goebbels. Seems all press and misinformation to me. This was 2006, but couldn't be reproduced by others so far. I would consider this quantum gravity research by far more important and cheaper than the CERN experiments which got us the mass of the Higgs boson. So far only Podkletnov, Tajmar and de Matos worked on this. Goff and Siegel 2004 on FTL "Faster Than Light": “Current warp drive investigations [Goldin and Svetlicny, 1994] apply general relativity to try to produce spacetime curvature that propagates at superlight speeds. Special relativity is preserved inside the warp field, but the contents are perceived to move at FTL speeds from the external frames. Such a classical warp drive cannot avoid the temporal paradox (i.e, time travel). If quantum systems are the only system that permits backward-in-time causality without temporal paradox, then any rational warp drive will need to be based on quantum principles. This means that until we have a workable theory of quantum gravity; research into warp drives based on General Relativity is probably doomed to failure.” Indeed. I'm a H1-B visa holder, with exceptional wages, and my wife is not allowed to work here. Ok, so she finished her Ph.D in the 3 years here. But with all this new visa drama going on, no updates in the visa extension process so far, and the broken promise that spouses will be able to work, I just told my company that I'll have to go back to Germany and work remote from there. Plan B. But the benefit is that I will be able to live in a democratic country again, with a much better standard of living. It's only 7 hours and I worked remote for a couple of US companies before. If companies need those foreigners why should the government on behalf of the unions intervene? Do they know better than the companies which is good for them? "Privacy Badger" is the only option nowadays. No whitelisting, and no corrupt companies behind, doing the whitelisting. Call me unconvinced. It follows entirely the flawed US gov interpretation of "collection", which means collect everything, and only call it "collect" when if you search through it. How should this convince the global business that using US IT, telecom and cloud services is trustworthy and legally safe? There are still massive holes in a number of public laws and who knows in how many secret laws and interpretations, not talking about illegal practices. Without a 2nd Church Committee nothing will change. Getting consistently worse results? :) He didn't even mention when matlab 5 started using his 64b only recommendation, the results were getting in-precise and matlab was getting unusable. http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~wkahan/MxMulEps.pdf I cannot take a floating point rant seriously without knowing Kahan's arguments. And a crazy requirement to compare it to slow and false debugging code does not really help. Be fast and use Cheney (copying, double memory) or be slow with Mark&Sweep and only the current memory usage. Nothing new here. Catching up old GCs via concurrent GC states is fine and tandy, but it is still just catching up, and it requires GC state. Cheney not. And a typical Cheney GC is 3-10ms not 10-50ms. Maybe it would have helped missing out in the mandatory spying features, and providing only the required customer features. Those features really take a lot of memory: * “Record audio with the microphone … at any time without your confirmation” * Take videos and photos using the camera * Access the phone’s call log * Read data about contacts stored on the phone, “including the frequency with which you’ve called, emailed or communicated in other ways with specific individuals” There are liberals in the government? The last one was killed immediately, when he tried to stop the upcoming Vietnam theatre I don't see the issue. Armin went completely insane IMHO. This problem is usually solved by expressing the type "Foo or Null" as Foo? in such a gradually typed language. Maybe the critics should lookup the basic type literature first. Such posts will kill python. And this type of type critic already did kill python for Google. (And kept perl 10 years behind) No, it's a horrible article. And no, they cannot. I implemented such a type inferencer for perl (B::CC), which has the exact same problem. With a highly dynamic run-time which changes the types at will, the compiler will never be able to do proper optimizations without explicitly forbidding certain coercions. The inferencer has to give up in 90% of all cases. Only with optional explicit types, esp. for loop counters and array members, those operations can be efficiently optimized. Up to 2000% for the typical array or loop benchmarks. And no, a v8-style tracing jit also does not help in all cases. This kind of run-time type caching has a huge overhead, and will always need an explicit run-time check, and does not catch the typical type errors writing programs. It helps with simple scripts, but not with programs. You don't have to worry. If you don't like to use types, don't use it. Nothing will change. It will only compile-time optimize and check the cases where someone added the types. Of course the standard library is free to add type-optimized versions later, as e.g some Common Lisp's did with their arrays and vectors. But this was done mostly in the compiler, not in the library itself. re preciseness: You should really add your preciseness limitations. Also add that pointers located in loaded shared libs are not detected with this method. Boehm has special methods to detected the ranges of loaded shared libs. Maybe you should mention weak refs and volatile also. volatile to keep pointers on the stack, so that you don't have to inspect the registers also. And some easy ways to make it precise. E.g. int tagging, float boxing, ... You obviously never worked on VR. Latency is the only problem, and far more important than the UX. Why do you think we still have no consumer grade VR equipment, even if all the technical problems and fancy UX solutions have been all solved 20 years ago already? Latency. With a bit too much latency in VR your users will not only loose immersion, they will start vomitting and suing the maker. Google glass was ready for >20 years, but nobody dared to sell it. 20 years all the VR industry only cared about were the various UX tricks (speech, motion, position, floating windows, tiles, ...) but still latency, i.e. HW brought it to a halt. Even with special GL HW. VR window managers were amongst the biggest projects out of Xerox Parc. Everybody had tons of ideas how to design intuitive UI metaphors for VR then. Creative people will play around nifty interfaces for sure as they did during VR times, but we still need the cheap, reactive and not overheating HW first. This is called "constant folding", and every better compiler should do that. I have no energy to deal with people like Czarkoff on Wikipedia, who clearly have no idea what they are talking about. They should clearly think over their guideline keepers, if declining a perfectly notable programming language like Nimrod for Wikipedia makes more sense then keeping it. From a fellow language designer: Nimrod is very notable, combining previously unthought language features like efficient compilation and macros (only Elixir can compete here) and a real-time GC, with a python-like syntax with types. But not only that. It is also practical. Didn't know about the GCC amd64 array alignment issues >16bytes and >32bytes. Horrible for my method dispatch, not just C++ vtables (fixed with gcc-5.0). Cannot this be overturned with the aligned or packed attribute? (if not on the stack as this was broken for aligned for while) I prefer your version by far over the overly verbose and overly simple new haberman guide. Knuth and Goldberg made fantastic and precise overviews, and there is a need to terse it down for programmers, but not too much, down to ground school level. That's why I believe their FFI plans are doomed. We implemented FFI's for emacs over the last decades, but RMS always strongly opposed it, because you could call windows DLL's then. gtk-emacs e.g. Typically the Atlantic fails to mention Ralph Merkle the actual inventor of DH. But since he was just a student who went to his professors with that concept, they published the paper. Read about it: http://conservancy.umn.edu/handle/107353 "if you’re going to put names on it, it should be called Diffie-Hellman-Merkle key exchange, since it’s actually based on a concept of Merkle’s. We give him credit for that in the paper, but it was in a paper by Diffie and Hellman, so it’s called Diffie-Hellman key exchange." This is also the best internal opcode description for the LUA derived VM's: potion[1], sol[2] and tinyrb[3]. 1: http://perl11.org/potion/ 2: https://github.com/rsms/sol 3: http://code.macournoyer.com/tinyrb/ What I'm really worried about now is every single cable modem and router out there, as they are very rarely updated. They run their shit for years. The bigger routers yes, but smaller ones and the modems not. Perl5 don't just needs a name change. It needs management and capable developers. Maybe the CPAN authors should take over. They keep continuing to produce quality software and updates. The number is the smallest problem they have. Not that this a good qualification. Being the redhat bash maintainer and member of the redhat security team is one. When I read the title I originally thought it's about Perl 5, hostile development environments and communities. But it's only about about hostile hackers. But you cannot call that a FFI then. A FFI is the abbrevation for "Foreign Function Interface", not "Friendly Function Interface". FFI's are not sugar coated. bashcheck https://github.com/hannob/bashcheck/blob/master/bashcheck includes now also tests for the last 2 lcamtuf bugs, so it tests now for 6 known vulns from this shellshock series, plus a general test for variable function parser safety. 4 is the wrong number! we are talking about 6 now. * CVE-2014-6271 (original shellshock) * CVE-2014-7169 (taviso bug) * CVE-2014-7186 (redir_stack bug) * CVE-2014-7187 (address sanitizer) * CVE-2014-6277 (lcamtuf bug #1) [no patch] * CVE-2014-6278 (lcamtuf bug #2) This was 2013 and he never heard of the CLOS arguments against traditional objects as he describes it, and he attributes Alan Kay with generics and method based OO dispatch, the functional approach? All these arguments were already cleared in the early 1990's, and people still don't get it. CS scholar's shouldn't care about the popularity of certain languages, or do they wanna teach VB or PHP? Objects are of course evitable, functions can do more, can do it better, and functions can represent not only scoped blocks (variable hiding), but also objects easily. http://www.gigamonkeys.com/book/object-reorientation-generic... talks a bit about this mindset, mentioning also Kay's simple dynamic message passing approach. Any updated plans when we can expect -fcps/-fcpi to land in clang? Looks much better than the current -fsanitize solutions. Adalbert Stifter! It's basically the same strategy rperl uses, compiling a restricted and typed subset of perl5 to C++11 on the fly, via Inline::CPP http://rperl.org I wouldn't call that JIT, because the term JIT is normally used for direct compilation to machine code, and all those other compile-to-c|c++-on-the-fly languages don't call it JIT neither. Please read up on Ebola. It is only contagious when the patient is experiencing symptoms, not earlier. He got fever Thursday morning. So he knew better, just hackers have no idea. "Since returning, he had been taking his temperature twice a day". Or maybe they just cannot read. So no, they don't have to disinfect the bowling area. But people are hysterical, so they did. Even the NY Times got it right this time: "People infected with Ebola cannot spread the disease until they begin to display symptoms, and it cannot be spread through the air." Of course, fascist regimes need to hold together. http://www.globalresearch.ca/is-the-us-a-fascist-society-exa... Some comments from the maintainer of parrot, p2 and perl B::CC which do similar things: tracelets instead of basic blocks analysis sounds interesting, but php is still doomed by not allowing optional types. In-house code can easily be optimized by explicit types. The AUTOLOAD problem is a big one, and I am just planning to tackle it, but came to the same design decisions mostly. We are compiling modules, files as this is easiest to handle. My p2 jit has no type guards and seperate specialized methods yet, I rather support optional early binding, a jitted method cache and small tagged data, which doesn't fill up the cache that much. It outperforms java and clr by far, just luajit is ahead. With the static B::CC, type inference has the same problem as php, but has the same performance advantages as hhpc, but I added special syntax for typed and sized arrays, and to disallow too much runtime magic. The current production compiler at Cpanel only uses better data layout to get its performance boost at startup and overall memory usage. Readonly strings and hash keys mostly. Perfect hashes not yet. IMHO most important is smaller data and ops overhead, not the optimizer. With perl6 the peg backend is built-in, so you can compile and execute grammars on the fly. A bit like lua's lpeg. A perl6 Grammar is a first-class object. Unfortunately I cannot recommend the parrot backend for production use yet. We recently found a serious GC bug which is reproducible under very tight memory constraints, such as my mips box with 256MB RAM or with very big perl6 modules. I'm working on it for a week already and cannot promise to be finished until Jan 31, 2015. But the other 2 backends, jvm and moar, are doing fine. If you care about small perl6 apps, which do not have to scale with concurrent CPUs, yes. But parrot has a much bigger scale. And lock-free threads. The parrot jit will need some time. First the runloop changes for method calls and argument autoboxing needs to be reverted, then the jit will be revived. But on the other side I just fixed the GC bug, so it looks good now even on parrot. Are you actually allowed to fly drones over the nuclear power stations? They are also not marked in this map. Very interesting to me that the author heard nothing of Assange hints that Anke Domscheit-Berg is probably a US spy. Guardian, still angry at Julian? His update to this old blog post is much better: https://www.imperialviolet.org/2014/09/11/moveprovers.html but he hasn't found cbmc yet. A little list: http://anna.fi.muni.cz/yahoda/ Optional type annotations do exist for ages in Common Lisp, and the optimizations are implementation specific. All good implementations do not only check the types, they are mostly used to optimize the data types (raw vs boxed) and reduce unneeded run-time type checks and unneeded generic methods. See e.g. the python compiler for SBCL, formerly knows as CMUCL. Perl5 also has optional types since 15 years, just the implementations (checkers and optimizers) were broken in the last big refactoring around 5.10, and there's no interest in enabling it again. The optimizing perl5 compiler B::CC honors optional types (besides doing type inference for core types, IV, NV and PV) and gets a typical 2-5x speedup. http://act.yapc.eu/ye2013/talk/4637 BTW: This is a very old article, and was posted here some months ago already. So "Armageddon" was right. A comet looks much more interesting than the Moon or Mars. No boring dunes and flat sands, really rocky. With git and github you can have the best of both worlds. merge commits (seperate tree), linearized at the end (--no-ff) or rebased commits (pull --rebase). 1 and 3 have their usecases, 3 is esp. useful if the branch contains only 1-2 commits, and 1 is useful if the branch contains > 10. You can add test information into the merge commit. I hope github will take more gerrit features into their tracker or allow tracker extensions, so that we can live with github alone. gerrit still is a UI and performance nightmare. Beautiful code, beautiful layout. Great, xan Sorry, didn't read the code yet. But malloc free means stack allocation, thus dangerous to stack attacks. Please clarify. I'm impressed by the bbv idea, but not about the startup-time overhead which is even worse than perl6 or the jvm. Even if the run-time of big loops is later on faster than v8. $ time ./higgs --e "var x = 4; x = x + 5; print(x)" 9 real 0m1.191s e.g. my own little jitted language which compiles also to C like asm with tagged data, but with inner-loop type-checks, does it in $ time bin/potion -e'x = 4, x = x + 5, x print' 9 real 0m0.005s so I don't buy the compiler overhead yet. type checks are not that slow. $ time ./perl6-p -e'my $x=4; $x=$x+5; print $x' 9 real 0m0.818s $ time ./perl6-m -e'my $x=4; $x=$x+5; print $x' 9 real 0m0.614s and uncompiled: $ time perl -e'my $x=4; $x=$x+5; print $x' 9 real 0m0.010s Unfortunately this blog post is misleading and uninformed. Python and the related other slow dynamic languages perl, php, and ruby are slow not because the dynamic type checks, branches and indirections are costly, but because they are badly written. They are just inefficient and poor interpreters, with bad ops and data structures. In comparison efficient dynamic languages like lisp, scheme, lua or javascript and many others not so well known do exist. Mine, potion, is also in the lua category, and not in the slow PPPR (python, perl, php, ruby) category. The seminal paper about efficient dynamic interpreters is Ertl's "The Structure and Performance of Efficient Interpreters" http://www.complang.tuwien.ac.at/papers/ertl%26gregg03jilp.p... The abstract is: "Interpreters designed for high general-purpose performance typically perform a large number of indirect branches (3.2%–13% of all executed instructions in our benchmarks). These branches consume more than half of the run-time in a number of configurations we simulated. We evaluate how accurate various existing and proposed branch prediction schemes are on a number of interpreters, how the mispredictions affect the performance of the interpreters and how two different interpreter implementation techniques perform with various branch predictors. We also suggest various ways in which hardware designers, C compiler writers, and interpreter writers can improve the performance of interpreters." My own input to this is that the GC, the JIT, the calling convention and esp. the size of the datastructures and ops do matter more, than eliminating the type checks. >> Snowden’s acts were justified because he chose to seek “reform of the surveillance state,” (248) and journalists have the absolute right to be the final arbiters of what to publish. Greenwald’s often bitter ad hominem rationale for this is unlikely to be the last word on the subject. Interesting comments from the other angle. As they are just waiting for prosecution. Who should care if GPL is bad for a SSL library? First of all it needs to be correct and PolarSSL is the only one in this field. It is trusted, and it is fast enough. I would never trust GnuTLS, NSS or OpenSSL over PolarSSL. So according to the timestamps it's pretty clear it's only the US, not UK nor Israel, who developed this software. Rather the opposite. Almost all HPC (high-performance computing) systems use message passing and not shared memory. The fastest and imho best unix-like kernel L4 is entirely MP based. So if you want to embrace high performance (and concurrent), go message passing. Alan Kay's favor of late binding does not help performance, as method lookup at run-time dominates the cost then, but the fast systems are early bound, i.e. typed. Using SSE4.2 or more is trivial. Same goes for fast hashes with the crc32 intrinsic. Mostly the compiler does it for you (-march=native) But you cannot assume everybody has such a CPU. Hence you'd either need to compile your own (a la macports, gentoo, perl, ...) or do run-time checks for the CPU feature and switch to the fast version then. They remind me of these folks: http://www.commitstrip.com/en/2014/11/05/when-a-project-mana... It's fixed, but not packaged. You need to compile it by your own and add some dyld suppressions. Oh my, goodbye sanitizers? There's still work on the kernel sanitizer and a few other things to be done. Disturbing. I assumed that they will not fire their best engineers. But will their families relocate to Europe, having to speak weird languages and spend a lot of money? Zurich is super expensive. No, it is a problem with languages if you want to have competitive performance or precision. On the assembly level it's trivial to check the OF. But compilers and the libm didn't care enough, and languages didn't know better, as old knowledge was forgotten or ignored. The good old Lisp's used those assembly ops to detect the overflow flag for decades and promote to bigint afterwards, and bad languages like Perl, Python, Ruby (created much later then the good old languages) did it the slow way with multiple checks before and after and then promote to float and loose precision then. lua at least refused to deal with this crap and does everything with double and looses precision by definition. Newer languages are now coming back to the old lisps and auto-promote to bigint, not double. But they haven't found out yet how to check the OF after the op, as only a few can compile natively or deal with inline assembly. I start loving the chinese! Almost every langs have a CPAN alike. They just copied it. CTAN for TeX, CCAN for C, forgot the ruby name, LISP has it even with a cpantesters alike testers grid, PHP split it into PECL for binary extensions (higher quality) and PEAR, which struggles. emacs lisp, node.js, ocaml, ... go uses git only for their distributed module system, which is a nice and simple idea, (github as default) but also appeared in common lisp before. Nice. I did some of my best projects in Tagazhout and Ericeira, Portugal. But honestly, riversurfing is easier and is more fun. Munich, Montreal, Graz or Boise come to my mind. Better infrastructure than on a beach, and less hassle with antisocial beach surfers. No. Rivers with standing waves, where people line up to surf, in contrast to sea waves where people cut in to surf. Special about Nim is also that Wikipedia consistently tried to delete the article about Nimrod (and did), because someone considered it not noteworthy. What a joke those editors are. If you have no idea about software languages don't interfere. Fantastic. Thanks for doing this. Esp. the compiler and FFI is super simple, much simpler than SBCL. I was one of the few people who worked with it those times. I feel Roger's pain with the MSVC changes over time. But I don't think porting it to the newer compilers or mingw64-gcc would be that hard. for i in [0..width[ do for j in [0..height[ do if foo(i, j) then break label outer_loop # The 'break' breaks the 'for i' loop end end label outer_loop ouch. I see why mathematicians would like that, but programmers are surely annoyed by the open range "[". And if the target are mathematicians, they surely dont like the verbose do end blocks, instead of {}. the for loop could be then ∀ x in [0..height[: if foo(i, j): break outer_loop. just odd syntax choices. It might be an unpopular opinion, but "I am not Charlie". Even as atheist, some of those Mohammed caricatures are not funny or satire, they are simply over the line. Not just juvenile, silly or stupid. In most other countries they would be forbidden. E.g. this one from 2010, who caused the stir and death threat. http://torstenh.de/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/CH8.jpg France has a different liberal, explicit anti-clerical and anti-censorship tradition. The US and scandanavian countries also. But elsewhere it would be illegal. Compare them to similar Jesus caricatures, e.g. http://www.zensur-archiv.de/index.php?title=Satire It's a fine line and in some cases german Titanic covers were allowed. "Ein Strafverfahren wurde von der Frankfurter Staatsanwaltschaft mit dem Verweis auf die "Satire" und deren Mittel der "Verzerrung" und Übertreibung" abgelehnt. (Sdt. 24./25.4.2010)" The legal situation in Germany and Austria: § 5 explicitly states to respect the religious beliefs of the population. In addition to the insults of religious faiths (§ 166 para. 1 of the Criminal Code). Anybody who explicitly agrees with Charlie Hebdo and posts images will probably fall under these paragraphs in those countries. I miss links and comparisons to other and IMHO better implemented jitting regex engines and greps like redgrep, sregex or pcre. ISIS or someone from China? The 4share uploader of the caught leaks reported to be from HongKong You know that this is one of the oldest constitutional laws. Based on the french constitution, the 4th amendment in the US, and the Art. 10 Abs. 1 Grundgesetz in Germany, and everywhere else. And even if the UK has no written constitution, they signed the Human Rights Act 1998 incorporated the European Convention on Human Rights (the “Convention”) into UK law. Article 8(1) of the Convention provides that “everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home and his correspondence.” See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy_in_English_law for more. Obama does not care a shit about his constitution anymore, and consequently his poodle in the UK neither. So they should just waive the Human Rights Act, and consequently leave the European Union. We pay enough for their cows anyway, and they are way above their tolerable abuses of civil freedom anyway. There was one actually recently. Wrong bignum square in OpenSSL CVE-2014-3570, which caused quite a stir with Bitcoin Core. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/2rrxq7/on_why_010s... Great, time to buy! James Risen published that already, it was the very first Snowden document on day 1, the "PSP" - the presidents surveillance program, and the fact that they destroyed the call record database at the justice dpmt probably just means that they have now warrantless access to the NSA call databases, which are bigger (full content) and searchable with much better tools. I don't understand. Is it this sentence at pg 338? "(A) the district where the media or information is located has been concealed through technological means" But this applies to warrants, and would apply to all of SSL or SSH traffic ("information") or password protection of the PC or media, or sending encrypted word documents, not just vpn, ipsec or tor. Even binary formats would qualify as concealed. I don't see anything about tor or vpn. But basic knowledge of fast VMs would also help. Maybe get an engineer from a good school? E.g. a decent GC would help ruby a lot, i.e. Cheney Copying Collector with thread support. Ruby is used on devices with lots of RAM and big cache lines. Or optimized data structures (nan-tagging, better tagging) and slimmed down ops. I need 32bit per op plus 2 args. Check out how much more ops fit into your cache line then. The ruby hash table implementation also sucks. Write a good one. Study the literature. It's basic engineering, you don't need to be a genius, really. And embrace types, either optional or inferenced. Optimize on type information. Looks more like a "SW update gown wrong" scenario. People reported problems a few days before already, empty timelines and such. They roll out incremently. Those kind of problems quickly affect the backends. I also rather trust the algorithm to see what is a good movie and what is not. In my case the collected ratings of the experts, not the users. Current example: http://cannes-rurban.rhcloud.com/Sundance2015 There are some outliers, typical "festival hits", which only relate to festival specialists, but they are easily detectable, with a "10%" human bullshit detector. Like last years Godard at Cannes, 2012 Leos Carax, 2011 the Kaurismaki and 2010 both the Godard and the Jury winner Weerasethakul. Those outliers are even statistically detectable. One thing is clear, you can trust the collected experts more than the juries. So I can fully confirm the story. Exactly. Almost everybody agrees that The Bronze is shit, you can trust the collected experts in big numbers. But you also need the standard deviation to filter "special audience" flicks, like festival masturbation, horror or erotic movies, which are targeted to a very narrow audience. The real question is, if we finally will be able to use lock-free, wait-free concurrent skip-lists with this new variant, without paying patent fees to Oracle? http://worldwide.espacenet.com/publicationDetails/claims?CC=... With perl5 + Moose, perl6 beats perl5. In startup time and run time. With simple small scripts the small startup footprint of perl5 still elevates it over perl6. perl6 has much more features than perl5, it's a completely different world. I wouldn't call that bloat. I don't want to hijack a pypy thread with perl stuff, but this needs to be corrected: > I think MOAR was designed specifically to run NQP efficiently. yes > NQP is a subset of Perl 6 which the Perl 6 compiler is written in. yes > That compiler takes a program written in Perl 6 and converts it into NQP. No. moar is a vm backend for nqp, with a traditional bytecode interpreter, a jit, gc, ffi, and binary format. >That NQP program is then compiled to different targets such as JVM, Parrot etc. This is my understanding, of course. No. Of the current three perl6 backend moar, parrot and jvm is the fastest, but has problems with its traditional threading model. It does not scale linearily up the number of physical cores. It needs locks on all data structures, but this is still better than with perl5 or pypy. parrot does scale linearily, has locks only in the scheduler, but needs compiler support to create writer functions, only owner can write, access through automatically created proxies. The jvm threading model is also faster and well known, but has this huge startup overhead. perl5 has to clone all active data on thread init and creates writer hooks to copy updates back to the owner. this is a huge startup overhead, similar to the jvm. Overall, would you expect any c/perl compiler dev to switch over to rpython to back your perl6 vm? Writing a jit for a good vm was the matter of a summer, and writing the compiler optimizations needs to be done in the high-level language of choice to be more efficient and maintainable. You should better look over to rperl to compare it to rpython. This is the similar approach. A fast restricted optimizable language subset, which compiles do typed C++, with fallbacks on unoptimizable types to the slow perl5 backend. No need for a jit with its compilation and memory overhead. A jit only makes sense for dynamic profile-guided optimizations, as in pypy or v8. Even if the simple static jit's as in p2 or luajit without much compiler optimizations still run circles around those huge battleships in the jvm, clr, v8, pypy or moar. optimized data structures still are leading the game, not optimizing compilers. GPL => Apache license Similar to the HN penalty, reddit also seems to have some Snowden countermeasures in effect. It was a very popular IAmA, but the Android AMA app, displayed only 2 answers for it, and the 3 people who wanted to answer, Laura Poitras, Ed Snowden and Glen Greenwald, were limited to about one answer per 10 minutes, so for the whole hour they could answer about 10 questions. This limits usability and civil interactions a bit. People should really choose boards without such censorship in place. In the type community dynamic types are called tags, to contrast from static types which are thrown away after compile-time. Types are not just "types", there exists myriads of interpretations and implementations. E.g. nominal vs structural, compile-time vs run-time, dynamic vs static, polynomial (HM) vs exponential (cartesian), sound vs unsound. Please get yourself accustomed to the type literature, or invent your own glossary, as perl usually does when it has no idea about prior art. In this case it has. From the implementation POV tags are indices into types and used with primitives as tags, hence the name, reserved "bits", e.g. with 30bit intnums or the many free NaN tagging bits in doubles or normal class slots with multiword objects. They are carried along the lifetime of the variable, hence add critical run-time safety and inherent slowness. Exactly. Normally the debugger or repl provides reflection capabilities to be used by the editor to support warnings, errors and hints, and restructuring tools. Such a typo catcher would be a written (I'm thinking of a lisp or lua here) on the editor side, having the information about the variable and being able to query the namespace or locals visible or not visible. The things jonathan did was just to put this into the compiler for the thrills, but it can be easily extracted, extended and customized from the outside, in emacs, vi, eclipse, ... such as jonathan did with his perl6 debugger. It might be worth mentioning that I'm working on a similar type system for perl5 for quite some time, which is efficient like perl6. In contrast to Moose, which is inefficient and more about the MOP. Types there are only used to slow things down, not to speed it up. All these things were developed around 2002, just forgotten and then partially destroyed with 5.10 and ongoing. Perl5 hates it, but they haven't seen it and they have generally no idea. It is entirely doable in perl5 only. I got 2-6x speedups in prototypes. But then, perl6 has so much more features worth switching over. It is safer than using SW without those "Additional Grant of Patent Rights". They explictly state that you can use it, other didn't make the effort to check for patents, or simply can screw you later. ... with older compilers, without -fdevirtualize. Ha! Clickbait. > "What’s so wrong with the U.S. judicial system? Nothing, actually" That's a very unique point of view only the government paper can present. In this special case having a bit more international law would do better for everybody. The post should rather critize the TPP where it really is broken, not with this international arbitration argument. Read the TPP leaks Wikileaks published and you will be surprised. Looking at the coding style he certainly wrote every single bit by his own. The code itself is standard of the shelf lisp introduction as done by good universities in the last decades. (SICP, Lisp in Small Pieces, ...). But bringing this simple code to the masses who just known C, python, perl, java, php or ruby is the interesting part. They can now relate to eval, tailcalls or an env. That's why he called it 8cc, on purpose. He works with his fellow Rob Pike 8c author at google, and Go just switched away from 8c to their new internal compiler written in Go. And 8cc shares the similar KISS principles as 8c, by far simpler than the big and slow c compilers gcc, clang, CompCert. Oh right. Didn't see that 6 vs 8. Odd name then. Clojure yes. But not a single LISP. 3 ruby, but no perl, no Java, no javascript core. Cannot agree at all with this list. For me it was: * SICP * Antipatterns * Bentley Programming Pearls * Sedgewick Algorithms * Stevens Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment * Knuth TAOCP * Tanenbaum Computer Networks I'm only having a problem with default sealed classes on block level. With perl, which has similar characteristics we decided to seal classes only from the main application, with "use oo :final", and modules, libraries, implementations of classes do not seal their classes. Thus you can easily allow duck-typing in the calling application for testing, or go fast and disallow adding or changing methods and properties. So you cannot pre-compile modules per se, but js has no static block compiler anyway. Inspired by a standard algorithm which is in every better geometry textbook and used in the industry far earlier than 1999? Come on, even I wrote such an adaptive polygon smoother depending in the angles of the neighboring faces at around 1996, during the VM boom. It is a required method to get rid of the huge number of automatically generated 3D points from scanners or terrain data, esp. in 3D cards. Games etc. Use this better method from 1996: "Francine Evans, Steven Skiena, and Amitabh Varshney. Optimizing tirangle strips for fast rendering." In Proc. Visualization ’96, pages 319–326. IEEE Comput. Soc. Press, 1996. It uses the better subdivision-surface wavelets for Catmull-Clark subdivision surfaces. There should also be libraries out there to do that. You must been living on an island over the last years. "OpenSSL was the best SSL stack for years?" Best no, only fast. PolarSSL (now "mbed TLS") is the best, to the best definition of best. Still better than OpenSSL, which was known to be fast but insecure and poorly managed, are the stacks used the biggest clients: * NSS used by Chrome, Mozilla, et al * GnuTLS used by exim, GNOME, et al. I'm not at all grateful to the OpenSSL team for using horrible software practices and putting their clients into danger. Wish I had knewn this before. Too late now. Oh that's nice. I sat with Kent and Eric at the very same Lisp conference in Berkeley at the very same dinner table, Eric was just elected as some sort of community spokesman, which was odd but nice, and he was the nicest person. He was never arrogant. We always respected him, because he was mostly right in his endless and beautiful posts to comp.lang.lisp. He used the emacs news reader with block aligned paragraphs. But it was also a bit threatening to newbies, because he easily lost his control with them. I rarely dared to ask something. Similar to other famous figures in SW mailinglists. I know of 2 others, who I also highly respect. Just because they were always right and their code was beautiful. His posts were so famous, someone even made a searchable archive out of it: http://xach.com/naggum/articles/ # -- sufficiently advanced political correctness is indistinguishable from irony The SGML/XML rant is a classic topic of his, and he ranted about it constantly. And lisp was the perfect forum for this. Everybody was with him on this. But you need to know some context: Before the simple WWW there was the better web, with consistent client editing tools (Amadeus), where all your links and pages were in (HTP Hyper Text Protocol) database. The server part had builtin search, was stateful (sessions), and was overall just better. The markup language to create those new rich formats (i.e. with links and media) was lisp based (DSSSL), and formatted down to the stupid formats we know now. Everybody thought who can you be so stupid to reinvent the wheel in such an insane way. But insanity prevailed, as usual. The machines and SW environment were rich and good, he had a Sparc, and not so simple as the typical Windows 3 environment, That's the world which was destroyed by the web (stateless simple servers without any features, stupid clients, stupid inconsistent "loose" markup) and its new language XML. The technical SGML and XML groups were considered the problem of the whole IT industry to Eric. LISP expressions were not only superior, condense, readable, we also had all the tools already to work with them. XML was a huge throwback. It was a political battle we lost. That's why he loved to go on and on like this on every occasion, when ever he found someone who seemed to be fond of the web, html, xml or those likes. Those stupid people destroyed our better LISP world. A very special high school friend of mine also died of this. He was super intelligent, a very depressive computer hacker, very insecure with other people, almost never left his room after high school and that's how he died eventually. Alone in his room. He wouldn't go to visit a doctor or call someone or tell anyone. Oh, I am on HN :) Okay, point taken. I didn't know about this name. "pperf" maybe then. Note that this is still work in progress, I just had to finish another project, and will come back to this one soon. EDIT: I've renamed the frontend to "pperf" now https://github.com/rurban/Perfect-Hash/commit/b475886f37d9 But the memcmp trick with unrolling of the comparisons beforehand for constant keys is already usable, and I believe someone already considered that optimization for gcc and llvm. If I remember I even saw a patch already. It should be used for switch statements with constant keys. Excellent. I'll take it :) I'm interested. Robin-Hood optimization was on my TODO list. Dmitry Chichkov from XAMBALA? I couldn't find your email. Thanks, I know. I used one of the CMPH algorithms for the first three default methods (from pure perl to pure C), -hanov, -hanovpp, and -urban, and those perform much better than the original CMPH. And I haven't enabled compression. But I still haven't found the best overall method yet. Hashing all keys shouldn't be necessary. There will come more later. OpenSSL has not even a testsuite or build tool helpers to help finding those simple bugs, usually found with normal build and test methods, such a valgrind or AddressSanitizer. Insanity prevails.