That, and that governments do what they promised they would do in the Paris agreement. It should really not be that controversial. Off topic, I'm wondering, do people on here tend to have subscriptions to sites like wsj.com that are behind a paywall or is there a known way to get past it without one that I just don't know about? > That being said, the dismissive use of 'Happy Pills' is a bit problematic IMO, for some that is the most effective way to heal depression 100% agree. For some of us, a low dosage SSRI is all it takes to unclog the brain and start the healing process. This video shows the thrust and motion vectors: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HyJHX6MZOWg > Even if every car on the road had the ability to respond instantly to the car ahead, being forced to brake hard still risks loss of control especially in bad conditions Driving on the road is not some kind of high speed car chase. If one had left enough space to the car in front based on the current road conditions and speed one wouldn't have to brake hard. Anyone can adjust their speed to increase the distance to the car on front. Often arguments sound like driving too close or too fast are inevitable facts of life. Right now that's Signal. The same way you could be on Facebook and not being radicalized at all. At the end of the day it's people who chose to be misinformed, who chose to not question, not look elsewhere, not to be skeptic about how content is making them feel. Facebook just shamelessly takes advantage of people's shortcomings, for profit. Is this wrong? Am I misunderstanding anything? I'm genuinely curious. I feel that it's a choice because it's under our control what we do. We chose to believe, we chose to hate, to judge. Believing everything FB puts in front of you in their feed is just lazy. We have to do better than that. Absolutely, it's more than just Facebook but also other social platforms and "news" outlets. And in some countries definitely the political class as well. They struggle with the size of their mobile apps so they've got that going for them For me that's still what it's best at and what it should focus on. "Paper", Signatures, Password, to me that feels like they're desperately trying to find something to not just be a reliable external hard drive for people. Oh and of course their number one ambition, trying to convince me to upgrade to whatever more expensive plan they have. What?!? I have to try that. I hope I can get my codes out of Authy somehow. Looks neat. Hopefully it'll be available on non Apple devices someday. > All data is encrypted even if is stored in iCloud, so you never have to worry about nasty hackers. That looks like there's a word missing or something. Are you implying that the Switch hardware isn't good enough for its games? I have yet to play a game that doesn't run well. Maybe I should try Witcher 3. One day we might see an article like this, marking the beginning of the end. Looking back 1y+ I wouldn't have thought that something so life altering was about to happen, yet it did. I remember news stories about a respiratory illness but didn't think much of it. Now I often read news stories, hoping that that's not going to be the next headline I don't think much of of, but will think back to in a year's time as something horrible that has happened. I think parent is talking about professions where the scientific method is followed. It's not about how "sophisticated" something is. I remember my partners parents saying the same about star fish population around Hornby island. The time frame matches up as well. Do what you want others to do as well. Yes you can't change everything yourself, but as a community you can. This is a problem of individualism. You can't fix that with more individualism. While I don't agree on the premise here. There's never gonna be the one thing solving the whole problem. It's gonna be the sum of a million little things. Don't let good be the enemy of perfect. For many it was the prospect of metadata being sent to WA's big brother Facebook. Personally I don't want anything to do with the FB ecosystem so I deleted my WA account. I didn't have anything against WA per se, I really like the app , just the connection to FB is unacceptable. Obviously not "absolutely every company in America does this", this sounds like an attempt to normalize it. It makes me sad to time and time again learn that the low prices of services I love are unsustainable and instead subsidized by treating someone unfairly downstream. I wish I could be told what the ethical price for something is and I might actually pay it. And if that price is too high, then maybe that service shouldn't exist in the first place. That's right. I don't think I said otherwise. Any reason you couldn't replace "Postgres" with "a database"? I didn't find anything Postgres specific other than maybe "SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED" which you can do without. Using some equivalent, yes I recently switched to Click from argparse and like it better so far. > That said, the bands will almost certainly be collecting a lot of data. That might include incredibly fine variations in typing patterns; overall levels of bodily tension; and any biometric information captured by fitness tracking sensors, augmented reality glasses, and other tech that could be integrated with the bands. Why on earth anyone would hand over that much personal data to a company like Facebook is beyond me. We all have to do a better job at educating non tech people of the implications. Why did I just spend 2 minutes on that?! Given that the list of organisations [0] consists of public and private ones, your statement reads somewhat disingenuous to me. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House_press_corps I think you're right if you are actually able to get ms or μs but as far as I know the unit your getting most of the time in python is second. Maybe they scaled back in just a bit too much /s How would a self driving car "change humanity as we know it"? Sure it might make travel by car suck less but not in any significant way that would change humanity in any meaningful way. At least not outside of a very narrow bubble we might be a part of. More and more I appreciate Signal for what it is. A no nonsense (okay, stickers) messaging tool for people that know each other in real life. I hope it never changes into something "social". This here happens on the retrieving side so clients can get a different "view" of the data. You're 100% right. I'm just worried that by going more "social", chances increase of Telegram going the same way as WhatsApp and Instagram. Your example is way better than what AWS has on their page (marketing, analytics) which made me think immediately: you shouldn't use a file store for that but a database. Personally I rather it didn't, yes. Being sold to Facebook just means I have yet to switch messengers again. I think Athena has to get a lot less expensive for that to become true. I very much doubt that. There is no serious movement with that goal. It's a bit more subtle where I live but rest assured, even the unmarked van, the yellow vest, it's pretty obvious even without the Amazon logo. I agree. In a way that's one of the strengths of SOLID in my opinion. All places I've worked at had slightly different versions of what e.g. SRP meant. And that's ok. It's a way to make sure your team writes code in a way their teammates would expect. Whether that's objectively good code or not doesn't matter as much to me. Do you have a source for that? > Because otherwise how do you know when they suddenly change their script to do something entirely different? Even though it's inconvenient maybe we should treat it as just another 3rd party dependency that needs to be downloaded, screened, and then used from the internal store. Pretty dangerous to dynamically load a script from a site like facebook.com. I wish we could collectively accept that meat consumption is a huge ecological and environmental problem our planet is facing and simply transition to a more sustainable, vegetarian diet. Reducing the effect that industrial meat production has on the environment is great and it's something we as humans do, improve the negative effects of our behavior when instead it would have far greater effect to change our behavior instead. > z3 is tested on python 2.7 Yikes! I have to admit, just yesterday I changed my phone notifications to audibly (sound or vibration) notify me only for calls of any kind. Signal still gets a silent notification with no details but every other app, including email, doesn't really deserve my immediate attention. Will that piss some people off? I doubt it but maybe. Will I spend less time on my phone, for sure! It's hard to believe that the behavior we saw can be reasonably explained by demand. Interesting, what's the benefit over exposing the port through Docker? > She also dressed as a Native American at a Halloween party as a teenager. As someone who grew up in Germany, this made me chuckle, as probably 50% of children did this at least once in their life where I lived for "Fasching". The other half were cowboys. Most GUIs let you stage individual lines quickly and efficiently to achieve exactly what the author laid out in the beginning. Make whatever changes while you're in the zone and then spend a couple minutes grouping your changes on a per line basis. Maybe it's more cumbersome if your want to stay in the command line but that's a choice. Use the tools that fit your workflow. That is one well written Github issue! It is a premature April fools joke. People who argue #2 might simply not understand how insurance works. > For comparison using JSON configuration files this entire class os problems would not exist. Every application would read the data in the same way The issue they mentioned earlier remains, as it's not specific to env vars. What if you don't supply a config file? > The environment is now different. What should the program do? Use the old configuration that had the env var set or the new one where it is not set? Error out? Try to silently merge the different options into one? Something else? I'm really not a big fan of using env vars for configuration but there are cases where it's a good choice, for example running docker compose and passing a .env file that becomes the configuration for the container. I agree that it's not a very good way to configure an application in a "shared" environment. For instance, I'm not a fan of curl reading my HTTPS_PROXY env var and implicitly using that value. That should be controlled exclusively by a cli switch imho. Hell no! I'm a passionate software developer but no way would I move down south. Compensation is about a lot more than $. > games and events Not tied to uni but virtually mandatory to participate in social events. Sure you can just say to simply opt out but then it might be more difficult to socialize. When I took the trans siberian railway in 2008, they actually took a break at the border of Mongolia and China I believe to change the axles for different size ones which took a couple of hours. > I could imagine myself enjoying being at the office much more in such a place. It gets old too. There is a reason why companies create an environment like that and it's not to make you genuinely happy. I hope this dip into remote work makes people move somewhere they like, being able to create a work from home environment, work (remotely) for a company that doesn't make them miserable and focus on the things that really matter in life. Maybe it's different for me because I have a dedicated work room but I don't really get that mindset. I love being at home, being able to switch between work and personal life multiple times a day, it's so liberating. This very much depends on where you live and how your local government is handling the pandemic. Maybe "make it fast" could fall under #4 Make it elegant, as an elegant way to solve a problem could be a way that solves it more efficiently (faster) than others. It sounds more like a "offline" codec, not a Google service compressing your voice so I don't immediately see how Google would violate our privacy here this time. I'm not saying I could do it, but it's certainly a dream. That's quite some cherry picking you're doing there. ... Total deaths pM Norway: 123 Total deaths pM Finland: 148 Total deaths pM Germany: 915 ... Source: https://www.statista.com/statistics/1104709/coronavirus-deat... > I'm not sure why you consider Belgium cherry-picking but not Norway, Germany, and Finland. > You could make an argument for Finland and Norway as more culturally similar Exactly that. Germany I simply chose because that's where I'm from originally. The data couldn't be more clear that's why I thought it wouldn't be necessary to list many more countries with a stricter Covid19 policy and a considerably lower death rate. Same here, deleted about 6 months ago. Was just as surprised. Have a look at this study that analyzed different countries'/regions' responses to the pandemic and the outcome in terms of economic impact, death toll, etc: https://www.institutmolinari.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/17... > Here's the text without having to execute arbitrary code from twitter Ok, I'll bite, what's this about? What "arbitrary" code is being executed when you visit Twitter? Regarding boiling frog metaphor: https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2006/09/the-b... What do you mean by that? Is there a point where if you're on the left of it on the political spectrum you're in favor, and otherwise against? To be fair, your credit score is completely irrelevant for everyday financial transactions. I'd just get a new card or two with different banks and wait for the score to go back up. It doesn't take that long and isn't even a big deal unless you're applying for mortgage or something similar. Or am I mistaken? It sounded like OP experienced the drop because they had to get new cards. But once they have new cards, the score doesntayter amymore. That's why I usually don't get the obsession over the credit scores. Does that include consumer credit cards though? If it had to be backed by assets, people would just spend the money at a different time. I guess the economy would be missing out on all that predatory interest. Well, it sure will make him rich. > For a list of domains that should not break anything, use telemetry-domains.txt For sure, because it's empty. > the situation in Europe is unsustainable with all the youth and elders voting for "free healthcare" (it's so hard to make them understand it's free for them but oh so expensive for many others) I think you might misunderstand how the systems work. First of all, there is no such thing as European healthcare. Every country has their own system. In Germany for instance, 14.6% of your post tax income go towards healthcare (capped at a post tax income of EUR 58.050). No one thinks it's free and it isn't free for anybody except for those who really cannot afford it which have never heard anyone critizise. I know it's pessimistic but that's what I thought as well. This post isn't about the Twitter service becoming available I know, but still, starting a presence there will probably increase usage which in turn will probably add a couple of countries to the "divided by social media" list. Meaning? Fwiw, it's not tracking location > The app, called Blip, generates a geofence — a virtual boundary, created by the employer using GPS — that detects when an employee enters or leaves. I understand location tracking as being tracked, i.e. someone knows where I am at any given time. Here it's a binary information. Inside the fence (place of employment) or not. Once you're out, all the employer knows is that you're not at work. Don't get me wrong, I despise this but it's not tracking strictly speaking. Technically no, the client does not have to send the exact location to its server at all times to determine if the device is within the fence. I like apps with browser integration like 1Password so I don't have to copy the plain text password to the clipboard or even have it be visible in my she'll. Except that the cavemen were able to live sustainably in the cave in the first place. > And what are you going to do about it? Call customer service? I know it's not perfect but I feel much better knowing I pay for my email service, online storage and password management, knowing I'll be a paying customer in someone's system deserving of at least some degree of customer service. Interesting, thanks for the link. My comment however was in response to the comparison cave/hut, not caveman lifestyle in general. But I get what you're saying. Maybe we're just fundamentally unable to live sustainably, by design so to speak. > Useful for running unknown scripts Or just, you know, read them before you run them. > the moment it gets converted to anything real, the owners will be caught Is that how it works? Won't there be, say banking institutions that simply won't keep a record of who converted the bitcoin to money similar to how VPN providers are claiming to not log user's IP addresses? You're probably right. I was thinking of the usual suspects when it comes to offshore accounts but also Switzerland with historically very strong privacy laws. But I'm know nothing about the banking industry so I could be totally off here. Plus the risk associated with running Linux or any of the executables is orders of magnitude lower than copy/pasting and running a bash script one found on the internet. How does one get from > The Government of Canada Launches Consultation on a Modern Copyright Framework for Online Intermediaries to > Canadian government proposes website-blocking system for piracy websites ? Except that nothing has been proposed here. This is a RFP. What do I, as an end user, have to do to be protected? Is it sufficient to use Firefox with its default settings? Honestly I don't know and I think I should. I have uBlock Origin, Privacy Badger, ClearURLs installed on Firefox, I'm running pi-hole at home, it's just so much. Thank you, I'll have a look! Love that data this is making public but I wish it wasn't always so much blue vs red, Republicans vs Democrats, who is worse, my team or theirs. They're all corrupt to some degree, why make it even more partisan that it already is. > It took four hours Love this guy's prototyping skills, I wish I could hammer out a project in that short a time. Takes me longer just to get the soldering right. Hopefully this will bring in actual competition and lower prices. Do you have examples of how that would be used in real life decisionmaking? Given that it seems that you can be transmitting the virus without developing symptoms, would it really be that much safer for an unvaccinated person? Does the distribution matter here? I wonder if there'll be pockets of unvaccinated people in areas of higher vaccination hesitancy and what that means for herd immunity. Probably true. Too bad a big part of the population is so easily inconvenienced and seemingly unable to understand a complex situation given the information landscape that exists. I'm not saying you're wrong but the feeling about being a guinea pig feels to me like it must be rooted in either ignorance or disinformation because while this whole thing is definitely sped up (pipelining), there have been trials with a lot of people that were the actual guinea pigs. That's fantastic, thank you. I might be naive but I don't see how the CC company would have the list of items you purchased. Is that some kind of meme that I missed the inception of? I've seen that "temporarily embarrassed ..." a couple of times in the last week. I get your point, it's magnificent. But something seems off with those numbers: 7.3+4.48+5.998 > 13.8 Oh man, you're right :+1: > I have to imagine that vegans have an incredibly low risk profile for prions. What do you reckon the risk profile of vegetarians would be? Are prions likely to end up in eggs and milk? It's a balance I'd say. Arguably those satelites serve a purpose that ads don't. Do they really "fly" those satellites over areas where they don't provide service and if so, do they have to? > Today, Apple is carbon neutral for global corporate operations, and by 2030, plans to have net zero climate impact across the entire business, which includes manufacturing supply chains and all product life cycles. This means that every Apple device sold, from material collection, component manufacturing, assembly, transport, customer use, charging, all the way through recycling and material recovery, will be 100 percent carbon neutral. This sounds impressive. I wonder how that works in practice especially the parts of the supply chain that Apple doesn't control directly, like "material collection". Are they just planting a bunch of trees, buying CO2 certificates, or are they actually making the entire supply chain carbon neutral? Disqus -> qusDis -> cusDis -> cusdis I hope that's not too close to the original name I wish there was a Vancouver one. From my experience, clubs are much more connected with the community in Europe. Where I'm from, you'd have sports clubs that offer different sports at different levels. In Germany you'll find a "Sportverein (SV), Fussballclub (FC), Turn- und Sportgemeinschaft (TSG), etc" in almost every town. If it's a generic club, they'll have many sports. Eintracht Frankfurt for instance has a Bundesliga football team but they also have amateur football teams, handball teams, hockey, etc. Towns often have more than one sports club so there connection to "your" club as well. So there is a direct connection between your town and the sports club. It's the place where you sign your kid up to participate in team sports. Independent clubs aren't really a thing in Europe, for instance Bayern Munich is the team from Munich. They'll probably never be based in Berlin just because they're making them a better offer. Local clubs often have a long history, too. It's not uncommon for a local sports club to be over a hundred years old as well (TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, founded in 1899). I don't think that's it. For fans, whether you "belong" to a club has nothing to do with money. It more what city you were born in, what games did your parents take you to when you were young, what trading cards did you own when you were a child or who were your idols when you played football as a kid, things like that. Correct, it's a wrapper around csv.DictReader https://github.com/Pytlicek/sheet2dict/blob/main/sheet2dict/... Same experience here. We were lucky and with just a few adjustments are being able to cope quite well. It does require for me and my partner to go to bed earlier to have more of our sleep overlap with baby's, otherwise it'd be hell. But at the same time we get up earlier, too. Whatever happens, know that it's ultimately not only up to you. There's quite a bit of luck involved how they are able to cope with the environment and what sleep pattern they prefer. And OT but relevant for every new parent, sorry for giving unsolicited advice. But always remember, whenever it gets tough: "They're not giving you a hard time, they're having a hard time!". That helped me better understand that it's our job to help them through whatever crazy thing they're going through at any given time. I don't get it, can anyone elaborate on what they are talking about there? I would assume multi-repo also means dependency on packages rather than code. So code changes that are not backwards compatible yield a new version of the package that doesn't have to get applied across all uses of that repo. So many organizations you could say that for. They're probably paying people enough to keep them "happy". I only skimmed it and I couldn't find anything practical enough that would help me in my day to day work. For example it talks about design patterns but only in an abstract way, not what pattern could help you solve certain classes of problems (2.3.3). Or API design, great that's a constant source of contention, again, nothing meaty to reference in a discussion either (2.4.1). I'm probably grossly misunderstanding the purpose of that document. I was hoping it to be more similar to the OWASP cheat sheets [0] but more general. [0] https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/ > And 9% is a very important amount in my opinion! It's important to know what amount that's 9% of. In case of the German Kirchensteuer it's 9% of your income tax [0], not of your gross income or even after tax income. [0] https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirchensteuer_%28Deutschland%2... This is great, I actually had fun solving this one and I learned something too. Why do you believe that unless they're paying their developers "250k-500k a year", they wouldn't have built something useful? Do you think they care? Do they have rules around residency? I did a bit of searching and found people saying you can sign up and use it in Canada without issues as long as you can provide a US address which shouldn't be a problem, especially that you don't need a physical SIM anymore if your phone supports that. However I was wondering if this is actually a good deal for us Canadians. I'm with Fido and pay CAD65 for unlimited calling, text and 10GB of data which is less than the USD60 that I saw online. That includes roaming between US/Canada/Mexico but at least right now and for the coming months, that's of little value. It implies that only an extremely highly paid developer can write efficient code which I think just isn't true. And don't forget: during production I agree with you that the risk of getting Covid-19 far outweigh the risk of blood clots associated with some vaccines, however, I've read this comparison with birth control related blood clots many times and it just doesn't seem to be comparable. https://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-comparing-blood-clot-r... > Indeed, government health officials are investigating a type of blood clot called a cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) among the J&J recipients. These clots formed in the draining veins of the brain, combined with a low platelet count, essentially causing a stroke. Hormonal birth control pills, on the other hand, raise the risk of blood clots in the leg that can break off and travel to the lung, causing a pulmonary embolism that blocks blood flow to part of the lung. The latter clots can be treated with anticoagulants, while the J&J clots cannot. One seems to be far more deadly than the other. I've been to many malls in south east Asia and found them much nicer. Lots of good food usually and better integrated into the city. Often adjacent to residential areas. 100% agree. It drives me bonkers that even now with towns and cities expanding and new town centres forming, there's still a strict separation between residential and commercial use. Why not allow spaces for light commercial use in apartment buildings? > Changes that build on the original either go in the same PR, or have to wait until the PR is merged so a second PR can be created. For feature branches feature-2 that's based on feature-1, why not create a PR from feature-2 onto feature-1 to get the review started? Once feature-1 is merged, simply rebase feature-2 and update the PR. Pipeline that shit, baby! For sure. I get annoyed when people argue along the lines of "but look how all the power is generated using coal and oil" because people simply don't understand that electricity is the interface that decouples the car's energy source from the way its source. As you said, once electricity is generated using only renewables, bam, instant success, without changing anything about the cars. Depends on your circumstances at home. It totally depends on your setup at home! In what kind of scenarios do they use Protobufs? I can think of messaging systems, streaming, RPC, that sort of thing? Sorry, I couldn't help but read this as an ad. I guess it's not a shortcoming if privacy isn't their primary selling point. It seems more like they want to be like wechat, packed with all the features you need to never have to leave the app. So downstream from the LB it's no longer HTTP? Or is every component just protobuf "aware"? I think having it in the back is genius as that's where I always have a finger as opposed to the front. It's so awkward to try to hold the phone in my hand securely AND holding my thumb on the scanner at the same time. I've always found that unlocking your device with your fingerprint scanner on the front of the device only works nicely if you're holding it with the other hand. Education, to me, seems like the perfect way to "fight misinformation without censorship". Teach our kids how to read, how to understand, how to contextualize and think critically. We don't need big tech to come up with a solution to a problem that big tech caused to some degree. > Tinder Plus, Tinder Gold, Tinder Platinum, Tinder Super Like, Tinder Boost, Tinder Super Boost, Tinder Top Picks I can't tell whether you're joking which in itself is hilarious to me. Believing in there being 2 sides is probably a good indicator that we've already failed. I'm glad we have choice then. Learning how to use knots is just so satisfying, I don't know what it is, I can't really put my finger on it. My father in law has one rule: Don't get any blood on it. Midday showers are one of my favorite things about WFH. I envy those people that go on 500 mile road trips all the time and therefore can't live without a car with ICE. Personally I think I could live with not having that kind of range at all times if there were reasonable car sharing or rental options around. That link is just an ad for a service called Backflip. What does that have to do with this? > The new DoNotPay app acts as a “robot lawyer,” letting you “sue anyone by pressing a button.” > DoNotPay also offers services that help you renegotiate a cheaper flight or hotel price. > “We are in an AI arms race between good and evil,” Browder added. “We hope to help consumers fight back, protect their privacy, and avoid stalkers on dating apps!” They should add video streaming and messaging, then it would be the only app you ever need \s Been there, done that. Not the same. Unless your company is fancy I guess? I just have a really cozy bathroom with everything I need =] I agree that knowledge is connected to trust. So what happened, we don't trust our institutions, schools, government, anymore and all of a sudden we believe every dumb thing we see on Facebook? > a sense of meaning, inclusion and purpose for many I think you're right, that IS crucial as well. I often feel that I'm so content with how my own life is going that I neither have the time nor interest to marginalize a certain group, hate another, feel superior to immigrants or whatever. No matter how much Fox news or CNN I read or watch (which I don't do much at all). I think your last paragraph is spot on! I use https://sequencediagram.org/ quite frequently these days, I like how you can get a link with the actual diagram encoded in it, makes it trivial to store and share. What an unfortunate name these days What made you use KOReader? I've always synced between my Calibre library and my Kindle directly and that works great. That's my flow actually. I look up books on Goodreads or Amazon but buy them from Kobo. There are the additional steps of downloading, removing the DRM and uploading it to my Kindle but I think it's worth it. It is, isn't it. Many people find the UI charming, the top post actually put that into words nicely. If you wanted to remove Amazon from the equation, I recommend Kobo. Prices are similar and you can remove the DRM quite easily. I don't know why and I don't want to jinx it but I get no ads at all when using youtube on my laptop. Only on my mobile which is why I don't watch youtube there. Well now I think it's a badass name =] > Why don't we just improve air travel? Unless you go electric, you'll never get anywhere near a carbon footprint of rail. Not at all what I noticed. Everywhere I can go with a fast train (expensive) I can go with a slow train aswell, for far less money. I went to the hospital a few months ago for something that could have been covid-19 and they did test the various influenza strains as well as the covid one. Not sure how representative that is though. I don't think the covid-19 swab or gurgle tests automatically test for the flu as well. I recommend buying plain yoghurt and adding to it whatever you actually like. It's less waste usually, cheaper and exactly what you actually want to eat. After 2 years or so of eating vegetarian I don't think that meat burgers are actually better. First of all, a burger is all about toppings and condiments. And vegetarian patties have come such a long way, texture and flavor wise, it blows my mind. Compared to the boring and ever the same taste of meat it doesn't even come close for me. Exactly. On the topic of grocery store real estate. It blows my mind how much space meat products take up. Huge shelves of beef, pork, chicken in all forms and stages of processing. It's crazy to me the degree of reliance and attachment to animal products we've been coerced into. When I was wwoof'ing I picked I'd say an apple every 2 seconds. But only until you have to adjust the ladder or empty your bucket into the big bin, etc. The thing is you have to be quite careful. Apples don't like falling down as that causes them to bruise. We sure are. But there is no reason to keep eating meat other than personal preference. We don't have to eat meat and given the environmental impact, maybe we shouldn't anymore. Sure things taste different but who cares, we've enjoyed the privilege for a long time, so let's move on. What I mean is that there is huge amounts of money out there working hard on preventing us to move on through commercials and lobbying, things like that. Recently, right wing conservatism even started using meat consumption as a signal to show that you're not a liberal. Fried cauliflower is so good, thanks for reminding me about that! You're right, in the case where rail needs to get built and not just upgraded or used where it exists you need to take that into consideration. And I don't know what that means for the carbon footprint but my gut feeling is that it'd still be better than air travel in the long run. And a million other moving parts: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/0x4447/0x4447-product-s3-e... > Our initial conversations started with Roku simply to renew the current terms of their ongoing deal with YouTube TV > However, Roku chose to use this as an opportunity to renegotiate a separate deal encompassing the YouTube main app Those seem to be 2 different apps they're talking about I hope there's no internet fibre there Great article. I truly wish that companies that base their business model on environment destroying convenience would just die. But people love their convenience unfortunately. I highly recommend vermicomposting which involves hundreds of even thousands of little worms. I have a HungryBin and don't even need a green bin anymore, at least not for kitchen waste. What you get is compost which is great for gardening and worm tea which is great fertilizer. We only have a small garden so I don't have enough brown waste to get to the right ratio of brown to green. I might be wrong though but that's why I think a conventional compost wouldn't work as well. What I like about the worm bin, is that the wormies are perfectly fine with a very high ratio of green waste to brown. I also haven't had any issues with smell, in winter I even have the bin in my garage, a friend of mine has his in the kitchen. At the same time, obviously that's a property of vermicomposting, not of the HungryBin specifically. > Most of our neighbors put their green bins out every week and in fall they put lots and lots of paper bags with leaves out. Why? I agree, especially when it's so easy to compost at home with a little bit of space. Not for the purpose of making a carbon footprint calculation I believe. > as it forms closed cycle Wouldn't that require the grass to grow more to compensate for the increase in CO2? Sure you can argue about the specifics and how bad eating beef is for the environment and whether it's 10x worse or 100x worse than something else. But it's hard to argue that it's not causing an environmental problem that other foods simply wouldn't create. Monoculture, water poisoning, carbon footprint, animal cruelty, health and we haven't even considered the ethics of it yet. I get that it's part of our lifestyle but why is it so difficult to move on? I think this is only a problem in a subset of cultures, not one of "adults" in general. Seems unnecessarily retaliatory, what would that improve? I've never in my life seen a OS or app ask me what my race is for the purpose of determining what emojis to show me. Is that really a thing? This is a very North America centric view I think. The Simpsons aren't nearly as popular in other countries. I wonder if that emoji could procedurally be generated on the client without officially deploying every combination to the standard. Male child + Yellow + ZWJ + Gender Neutral child + Yellow + ZWJ + ... And then it builds up the family emoji from the inside out. This made me quietly lol You mean before they discontinued it last September? As the name suggests, it was a temporary taxable benefit. Unfortunately we don't have a UBI in Canada yet. > Our passions are easily manipulated. When you have sacred cows and official truths, you enable the very thing you're trying to fight. There is no arguing whether or not the Holocaust happened. That's not a debatable thing but something that affected millions of people. There are too many impressionable people on the internet and often a weak education system. How else do you suggest we prevent history from getting rewritten by a bunch of internet flashmobs? I'd say we don't let the good be the enemy of the perfect. This is what the article said and at least include more people with disabilities than it did before, isn't that good? - They have a lower limb deficiency (for example, due to amputation or congenital limb deficiency). - They have a leg length difference. - They are of short stature ( [0] https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=true&que... I'm getting downvoted, but why, I don't understand. There seem to be laws around having to put the "made in ..." on the product itself, it shouldn't be hard to put that on the online product description as well. I'd be for that. It's not an anti-[any country] thing, I'd just prefer things that are made close to where I am. > Many of them going so far as to say they would never use one for themselves now or in the near future. I'm less worried about the autonomous vehicle I might be driving and more about the ones others are driving. Here's an idea, how about being able to geofence a neighborhood as " After all, users would need to get a sense of what it looks like before they’d want to buy it. Interesting work but I doubt it's what anyone buying these assets would want. I don't know if you're being sarcastic, but you don't need to work endless hours to "be somebody", maybe to be a successful entrepreneur but then you have a very specific idea about what defines someone's value. I know very few people in salaried positions whose overtime isn't at least somewhat related to their inability to a) manage their time properly or b) stand up for themselves.