Tel Aviv: You should be moving faster. A lot faster. Dublin: Be wittier then smart. Melbourne: I agree. Its a confused message that definitely has to do with sports not clothes. Not exactly the same thing. Spoofing you comp's trade name is pretty much the definition of trademark violation. It (Google's policy) flops around a bit. It differs between countries and seems to get tweaked or turned over every so often. I believe in the US bidding restrictions on trademarked terms were recently removed. But you are still restricted in using trademarked terms in ads. Personally, I agree that restrictions (bidding on trademarked terms) should be removed. I would compare it to handing out flyers on the street outside you competitions' shop. Tasteless maybe, but shouldn't be illegal. Companies don't own the search results, trademark or not any more then they own the street. I don't think that's worrying. If Amazon or Facebook or any other site did it wouldn't even be noticed. I think that's just reaching for a way to fault Google. BTW, an interesting application of personalisation is not so much search ads (They are already pretty much the most targeted ads because search term is enough to target ads with) but content ads (eg adsense). Currently, ads are targeted using relevance to page content/site content or demographics of the users. But search history reveals a lot about interests & could be the key to 'fixing' context advertising (from the advertisers perspective). $4b is an awful lot. Especially since any potential business model is still to be really proven. The sort of targeted advertising they are aiming for is not necessarily easy to pull off. And I think it will take a couple of years to prove it either way. I wonder what this does to their runway? Here's a potentially interesting angle: Digital print isn't killing newspapers. One major barrier to entry (bottleneck) was printing. You needed a certain volume & a certain infrastructure to print papers. Digital print really lowered that barrier. You can now get in at a fraction of the distribution volume. But we haven't seen a proliferation of papers. What does that mean? Could this mean that they are already dead in the air? What're the other options? That the bottleneck they used to control is not something they've been leaning on? That seems unlikely. A good few are not as hot as they used to be. The 'cream' areas, mostly classified ads, are drying up. And they were the areas with big margins. Down here (Australia), 'Fairfax Digital' the online version(s) of 'Fairfax Media' - the 1 ton gorrila of Aussie media, probably has kept it's market share of the key areas online. The have the #1 job site, real estate & they are doing ok with cars, personals, buy/sell and other traditional media cash cows. In terms of market share, I wouldn't be surprised if the (society's) move to online media has not been a net gain for them. However, they were in a pretty cushy position before. They had to compete with 2-3 other media giants. Now they are in constant danger of assault from under the radar. Google maps may make real estate sites useless. It seems improbable that 5 more years will pass & noone will figure out an online dating or car selling or something that will take out their sites. Basically, if I were them I'd feel like it's almost impossible for them to hang on to dominance for long. I assumed that the company was buying back the stock using the company piggy bank. But as mentioned below, maybe this is achieved by direct trading between employees or investors. I'm not really literate in the technicalities but something doesn't add up. The preferred stock deal with MSFT values the company at $15b 'internal valuation' that the shares were issued at is $4b. Aren't these supposed to be approximations of the same thing, roughly? Does that means that they can't go public with a valuation lower then $15b? That MSFT deal seems insane. Facebook would have to be an advertising powerhouse. "The problem is that online news isn't really free -- it requires funding from the dying offline business because online news doesn't have a viable business model." Very True. An online reader is just not worth much. Even if they do get you onto their site. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model. " The business model might just be collapsing. And that does not necessarily mean a new one takes its place. I mean I can't take the 'new music business models' (t shirts and personalised songs & stuff) seriously. Sometimes industries collapse. Print news might be one of them. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model" How about 0 cost (99% of blogs) & 0 direct revenue. BTW, for writer I think the alternative business model is more feasible. Books, appearances, lectures etc. A good few big name journalists could pull this off. Quite a few bloggers (in the business blogging field at least) do. Makes sense. I guess they pay an evil premium. But wouldn't they have something written into the deal that they can't sell the company at a valuation lower then the preferred stock price? Isn't that what preferred stock means. I suppose that there would be no restrictions on buying at a lower valuation. - Maybe amateurs (some future form of blogger). - Maybe free lancers building a name & readership for monetisation via books, lectures etc. (This should at least salvage the top tier journalists) - Maybe none. Who said a change has to be 100% for the better. When the printing press was born, illustrated books (hand illustrated) died. Maybe the whole thing needs to be free. Break Apple's make a profit on everything policy. In this case, these are the types of features people will use because they're there and get used to having. The they get hooked. Apple could get their own social network out of it. And they're going for a few rubles these days. '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' It might even make sense for Techcrunch etc. to buy the thing to stick on their website. There's a bit in "The Elegant Universe" about how at this point it's impossible to distinguish between real but weird physics and just crazy. Well it is a good idea (I guess) if you want to keep taking chances but don't want an IPO or acquisition. You can't expect employees to keep working for risky stock forever. They'd have (I assume) a good few employees with $1/2m - $1m or even $50 - $100k worth of stock. For many, it's probably more then everything else they own put together. You wouldn't want to put everything you own on one risky & speculative tech stock. They'd be pretty keen on an IPO. I guess letting them cash out a bit is a way of releasing some of that pressure so they can keep taking risk. True, and neither of those are money-makers. The whole 'we'll make money off it with advertising later' has failed many times. Search is the exception not the rule. Until I actually saw some innovative advertising method making advertisers money and getting an excited response in that community, I'd be sceptical that they can do more with a pageview then NYT.com or About.com or any other 'site.' At banner ad monetisation rates, that would probably put them at around the $50m - $500m p/y mark. I guess a sort of important related question is: "Is money really much of a bottleneck here" If there was much more money from investors or the partners, would YC fund any more startups then it does? I have to admit, I know virtually nothing about how YC works, but it doesn't sound like it's all that capital intensive. And the cycle shouldn't be that long either. The technical difficulty is almost a side thing I guess. The box is the limitations of the medical profession. What I think is the interesting part of this is that he did not say: 'not my job' or (more likely) 'I wish that this was someone's job' or ' 'I wish we could do something.' He said 'what needs to be done. The guy who wrote it (Brian Greene) is a string physicist, so he definitely thinks so. Every time you hear a physicist interviewed about string theory what you get is: 'It's not very good, but it's all we got' According to Carl Sagan, the experiment will not produce much. I don't think they actually expect to produce micro black holes. The most 'interesting' probable result is actually a negative outcome. IE they fail to detect the Higgs boson. That would mean that the 'standard model' needs to be abandoned. Definitely. Another thing to note is that apple haven't really done any black magic marketing (though they have done that too) to get their margins up. They simply differentiated effectively. Noone else has in that market so it seems like voodoo. But in most markets (batteries, soap, jeans, cars) you have differentiated brands that command different premiums. A mac is not comparable to a windows pc (in the minds of many consumers at least). So the get to raise their margins. Dell including XYZ = Toshiba including XYZ. The specs are the value, pretty much exactly. So, like petrol stations, they don't have margins. Another thing to note is that most price comparisons compare based on seller costs. Because in a competitive market that is what market prices reflect. The value to a consumer is necessarily higher (or they wouldn't buy) and it can be much higher. If the cost of production is $1000and & the value to the consumer is $10000, the machine will be priced somewhere between those two. The more competitive (less differentiated) the market is, the closer to $1000. I wouldn't be surprised if apple is considering that route. Especially now after they've successfully bamboozled carriers with the iphone. But I actually think that the cheap ultra-portables (eg Eee) wuld have the edge here. If we take the mobile phone industry as a guide, the carriers will probably pay up to about $150 - $250 to get you on a $30 - $50 p/m plan. That doesn't make too much dent in an Air. If you bundle it with home broadband plan (maybe they'd subsidise $300) they could give out mini laptops for free or at $100 or so. Apple is actually in a spot. Experience & connections with carriers that no one else has, but no product to which a few 100s makes much of a difference. I never use Evite (no one evites me either) so I may not 'get it'. But I don't think anyvite necessarily needs to get people to switch (though maybe declaring war is probably good for PR). There is potential in the many people who have never used evite. I think anyvite has more of a chance for after work drinks or meals (maybe you need to reserve a table) an other casual & short notice stuff like that. It's probably good timing for a second wave of this kind of thing as mobile internet is getting a critical mass. According to the article's links (& I think this might be fairly accurate), we are on the 'mac is high' end of that swing. Ant this time it's higher more then a $100 difference. The 'is it alive' was always the sort of semantic bickering that biologists have always been prone to. Like all that arguing about classification (going back centuries). I don't mean when it's arguing about facts or their interpretation. As often as not it's just about naming conventions. Anyway, 'is it alive' is not an interesting question. That's just about defining 'organism.' Like defining, human or mammal, there has to be some grey area. 'Is it life' might be a better one. Because then you are talking about something that has consequences. In the absence of 'true organisms' can viruses themselves start an evolutionary chain? This discovery might mean that they can. First mover doesn't necessarily mean absolutely first. "Early mover" is probably a better term. Either way, it tends to apply to the first (or one of the first) to cross a certain hurdle. Doesn't bootstrapping also imply operating on founders' credit? I appreciate the distinction (& the modesty) but I think that YC is exceptionally sold. It seems to be a pretty good machine for getting people to do what you want them too. Does YC convince people to start companies? ..move cities? ..change game plan in a way that is as significant or more significant (to them) then signing a deal is to a VC? But I get what you mean. That knack for projecting momentum is rare. I think PG has said this before. There is incompatability between: A. VCs are 'funds' (IE they need to invest a big amounts) B. Partners only invest 1-2 times per year C. Startups are (or can be) cheap One of them has to give. Seems like its C. First/Early mover, is (I think) a more useful concept from the market perceptive then the technology perspective. eBay was the winner that emerged from the first tussle and as said above it was the first to hit a certain size. You might not want to call it a first mover but that is a semantic discussion. From the perspective of the market, it was. The iphone certainly is a late entrant any way you slice the market. Late mover doesn't necessarily mean loser though. Palm was a late entrant. I think what you get in that case is that the market had a few false starts. In that case, moving early would have been a mistake as the market didn't take off. You could argue that the ipod was a first mover from a marketing perspective. The idea is that the product (in the minds of users) is so different that it is essentially a different market. grey area But some areas definitely favour early movers. Interestingly, I don't think viaweb was one of them. You have a very large choice of online shop building software these days. There is not too much advantage in choosing the same software as everyone else. But I guess that wouldn't have been obvious at that point. Things could have rolled out differently though 'Web malls' could have happened. In that case, being in early would have been a big deal. Cheers for the link. Is there analysis that goes with it? "Google's customers are the advertisers." Technically. They do a great job of monetising search traffic but that's not the bottleneck. Search engines win by attracting their customers' customers, users. Advertisers will follow the users. I'm fairly new here but I am pretty impressed by the tone. The thing that I find interesting is the level you really notice how restrained people are. It's not more civil then a very relaxed in-person discussion. But when it's online, it seems extremely restrained. I had almost written off online discussion if a forum over a certain size (such as comments on a blog). As an experiment, I think it's very impressive. Shows it can be done. Tough Call. But on the whole I think a bad idea. True. From the perspective of most advertisers, they only care about their niche. If you your search engine or auction site is the place to go for tradesmen (plumbers, electricians etc.) or some other big money niche, you'd be able to make a lot more then you would with a much larger all purpose engine. I think you need to take this in Seth's Audience's context. He is not writing for startups. He's writing for businesses. Take Amazon (established 1994). It was a great success as a startup in 2-4 years (IPO in 97'). It got big fast. It made waves. It challenged the way the industry needed to work & it presented a net gain for the economy as a whole. It became profitable in 2001/2 (7-8 years). A reasonable definition of a successful business . By 2004 - 2008 (10 - 14 yrs) it's a stable business it is clearly here to stay. The elements of its strategy that made it successful in the second half of its life (the profitable one) are the slow & steady ones. Reliability, customer service, trustworthiness, customer goodwill, a long lived affiliate program... But I agree, some of the examples he gave were probably not the best. DO you have both or just a desktop? I wonder if Google realised before adwords started growing like wildfire that search was such a potentially powerful advertising platform. I know that other pay per click & search marketing services were around and were reasonably successful, but a lot of that was probably hard to seperate from the bubble. I mean I don't think there were many plumbers advertising on search in 99' & coca cola was never going to work. Yes that's how it will seem so long as it's not too big. Just like they present certain college jobs under some obscure classification that means they are not bound to minimum wage. Or mailbox stuffers. Down here they advertise those jobs as a way to make sure you get your daily walk & get paid a little. If it becomes a serious channel to a labor market, it might become a way of bypassing Chinas $144 minimum wage. (BTW, There are quite a few internet sweatshops going already with 12X7 weeks @ $144 p/m) I remember reading (couldn't find the link) that University texts were about the same price on kindle as hardcover. That has got to be a big mistake. - University texts are expensive because of the short runs. Authors get only a couple of $ for $100 sales. - University texts are heavy. - Students are the ones carrying multiple books around daily. (all those scenarios of not needing to pack 10 books on holiday...) Throw in the fact that students are a great segment to introduce these sorts of products to & it seems crazy that they haven't targeted colleges as the inroad for this product. I mean if you could convince Universities that: - Lecturers can prescribe aby books they want without worrying about being stuck with early editions or the print houses running out. - Lecturers can publish books themselves without a minimum run & keep 4X the profit from 1/4 of the cost to students. I mean they could almost make it a mandatory buy. Consider that over 3-4 years you spend approx $1000 (including buying & selling second hand), if they could sell college texts for $20, the total cost to students would be about 1/2 of the cost of hardcovers with reduced hassles. Amazon seems not to give a damn about that market. I think that they didn't do well in negotiations with publishers. Apple might have done a better job there I think. http://www.sed.manchester.ac.uk/idpm/research/publications/w... Seems sort of silly at this point. But with enough demand for more unskilled labour online, it might become something more substantial. From the paper: " The rather wobbly-legged best guesses for 2008 are that 400,000 gold farmers earning an average US$145 per month produced a global market worth US$500m; but we could easily more than double the latter to over US$1bn. There are probably 5-10m consumers of gold farming services. " Well, it might. Where I went, the campus bookstore was a co-op anyway. I think not for profit. I'd imagine for many campuses they just cost money to keep alive. But You'd probably still need them to an extent. I don't know much about VC structures. How much they need to invest per year. How many partners, etc. But I assume that even if the numbers are off, the principle stands: They invest in few companies per year, so they need to invest large amounts. Maybe VCs (or the ones currently around) don't need to be investing in software startups any more. The classic model is that VCs fund risky industries that need a lot of startup cash (like sailing to India to buy spices). If that's not software anymore, maybe they need to get out. At least out of some software areas. Actually, I was surprised at the numbers he was talking about: 50k, 200k.. Not necessarily. You have to compare sales to something. He's comparing (I assume) to what he thinks they could have been. Who is the real target of tech startup PR? Is it potential users or potential acquirers/investors? The point is that the reason that it's worth anything is one of the greyed out areas. All they really give you is the genre. Marketing Plan: 1) Get lots of people to use it 2) Charge a lot of money for it Funny. It's not necessarily part of the same. But it seems likely to be. The thing that is missing is what do 'you' do. If I am thinking up, designing, promoting & running the site. The sit = the business, what's are you for? BTW, there might be a his part. But it's not mentioned. Would you prefer me with an scalpel? I think the problem is partly the 'industry's' motivation. Three main reasons for outsourcing are: 1. Do it cheaper. 2. Do it better. 3. Don't want to develop skills internally, grow horizontally, grow at all. I think all these are variations & combinations of 1 & 2. If the motivation is 1, the effect is deep. Firms succeed by being cheapest. They hire, train & develop their employees based on this. The whole industry develops in that direction. Like with Customer Service. Most outsource to save money. Most should outsource because they suck at it. I think he was commenting on the software outsourcing in India industry, at its current state rather then the concept of outsourcing in general. I've heard a few versions of this. The PG is good. "Stuff has gotten a lot cheaper, but our attitudes toward it haven't changed correspondingly. We overvalue stuff." In other words, Hoarding is a vestige. I think this one has a lot of truth: "1. The things you own have a cost of ownership." Moving backwards in house size is nearly impossible. And it's largely because of stuff. Ever rented a cabin or tourist flat. They're small & relatively empty, but most people find it really nice. I wonder if any of that is taking a break from your stuff. FWIW, Apple and Google are both overvalued. :) Well as you said: 'growth bets'. Google are a long bet, I reckon. So far they're proven for putting out good products. But to be worth the money they need to monetise at least some of these. Up to now we have one success in that department: Adwords, which is extremely well thought out. But it's still just one point. They may not get another multi-$b cow. Adwords even if they manage to fix content ads, would be pressed to find that much growth (but 100%-200% is not out of the question) Apple may be justified. There is the old mantra of 'be very good at 2 things' instead of 'be the best at 1 thing.' Apple can do: 1- Software 2- Hardware 3- Marketing / Product Launches 4- Creating Markets & doing deals that put a nice chunk of it in their pockets (Itunes, App store) Take any 2 and you have a potential player in a lot of markets theat may grow very big. - TVish markets (some future apple TV?) - bookish markets (Kindle?) - thin clients (If the free with internet accesss PCs happen, who better then apple to make them? Nokia?) - gaming (could happen?) - GPSish markets (you never know where this might go) - In-Vehicle stuff (Ipod type thing for music & aircon & stuff in your new BMW?) You almost expect apple to grab a piece of any consumer electronics that come up. Problem is they seem to be running on momentum. Not sure that'll last forever. I suppose there is an equilibrium point in every scenario. A surgeon with a steak knife is preferable to me with a scalpel but not a medical student with a scalpel. But I guess the point is scalpels are usually easier to get then surgeons (or med students). And their quality scale is more finite. To add to that: How many of http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html could be cracked by Apple? I think 1, 2, 17, 27, they do, probably will do or are uniquely positioned to do. They could have as good a crack as any another half dozen. Come to think of it: "17. New payment methods" might be one for Google. I mean, the key(s) seem like they might be around millions of users with accounts & easy, frictionless interface. Google checkout's not really changing the word though. Users was probably the wrong term. I meant 'accounts'. Its funny how irritated the term web 2.0 makes people. Even more so if they end up conceding that some sort of a term was/is necessary. Hyped? sure. But fuzzy... It's not that vague is it? It's moving data storage and/or processing to servers. Even cloudier if it's through the web & even cloudier if it's something that was once done on the desktop. Outlook >> Gmail Word Perfect >> Google Docs Even wording it most fuzzily it's be something like.'Making the device less important' Concerts & theatre would sell it to me. I've been complaining there is no decent way to find something to do online (especially if you're visiting a city) for a while. I'm not 100% sure, but I think some of the best options down here a government run. & it's about selling stuff. If you're between buyers & sellers because buyers like you, you've got a business model. It's interesting that all these complaints from "IP facisim" to price are usually along the lines of: I shouldn't pay you because... or I will pay you because... That's not really a situation of ownership. At least not in the conventional sense. The conventional ownership meaning is 'I will pay you for this because I want it & otherwise I can't have it.' 'If you charge me an outrageus price, I will complain, or even not buy it.' I mean airport souvenir shops don't get more shoplifting because they have 1000% markup. Not sure what that means but payment feels voluntary to most people. And nothin aint worth nothin but its free Ramen Profitable - Great term. At great difficulty. A lot of people can't manage it. My girlfriend's father & his wife had two house. They liked the smaller one but it couldn't contain their stuff. The sold it. (and built a couple of new sheds to contain it's stuff) It's interesting to consider employee acquisition as a motivator. As far as I could guess there are a few motivations: 1 the technology 2 the product/userbase 3 the employees 4 kill competition 1 & 2 could be 'masterplan' motivations. 3 has a maximum dollar value. 4 is rarely admitted. It's hard to judge if they messed up without knowing which one it is. Well it may not be an immediate problem for founders (so long as they have no sentimental attachment to the company), because they've been paid. But it is a problem for acquirers & by extension a problem for future founders. If acquisitions fail to meet goals, they'll dry up. Well, seems to make more sense then separating observers from the universe. Ironically, I have heard quite a lot of people say that many Chinese tertiary courses are not actually very difficult. 'Ah, such economic ignorance! What is this "country" that "can't provide" if it isn't the people themselves who are to be provided for. People both take and create jobs.' There are constraints. For one, economies cannot grow faster then a certain rate (they're pushing it already) without fallout. For another, this is a largely controlled economy. I think they might be talking about 20 - 30 years ago. Wang (the child) is 29. I think the relevant point is not whether you can improve your test score by studying (you can). It's whether or not this is a good thing to be expending your energy on (from the public point of view). Is the next step up the scale 1 week cycles? I like this idea. Any ideas on how to scale past 100 shirts a week? ah Great site. I'm sold once you get going down here (Australia). Signed up with Edinburgh to practice ;) Now I wish I lived there. BTW, I'd love to see the long tail get taken care of properly. That's what I'm really interested in. I'd probably use a 'what's on tomorrow' page for small shows 100X more then a 'what's on this month' page for $100 + shows. Any way crack away at the RIAA thing. 4. Don’t use gender stereotypes: Were bikini models demo-ing the startups? Why is this so important? So many 'are macs expensive?' articles. Why does this keep coming up? >"An objective of the compulsory license is to ensure that a listener's experience is similar to traditional radio and essentially non-interactive (i.e., you can't hear a specific song when you want it), so as not to substitute for music purchase." If the legal environment that these laws (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) are trying to create is actually going to be, this sounds like it could be a great idea. Otherwise, it seems like obeying the law is trying to win a swim race in shackles. I think it comes back to not really wanting the internet to happen. And not necessarily irrationally. The recording industry world has been in a pretty sweat spot. The current (& past) world creates a substantial income built on 1. selling albums, 2. strict adherance to a 90/10 rule (revenue/artists), 3. Periphery industries that support 1 & 2 (eg: movie soundtracks, radio). Almost any step is a step away from that cushy world. So any slowing of change is good. That's actually an cool idea. I mean, if they can really pick your preferences effectively, you don't need 'stars' anymore. >"That makes me really sad" Id say it makes a lot of people angry. It's also another step in making people reconsider the concept of copyright for music. I think someone's mentioned it here in the discussion: Copyright protection is not an inalienable right (like the right to remain silent), it's an instrument designed to have some desirable result (like tax deductions). Copyright in this case is preventing innovative products & services, and very probably harmful to the art itself. 'Small' artists & genres have the most to gain from the potential of free music. An irony of this kind of business is that if someone isn't going to buy, it's still to the benefit of the vendor if she has it. The only issue is that it's almost impossible to distinguish between a give-away that cannibalises a sale & one that does not. Presumably, terrestrial radio is not seen as a potential replacement for CDs while internet/satellite is. It's all rubbish of course. In a way, 'stars' might be a lot worse off without piracy. Consumers might be drawn to free music given away by weird artists (Radiohead, NIN). Presumably a lot of those would be artists with 0 sales & nothing to cannibalise. Take, software as an analogy. How many users of pirated MS Office would otherwise use Open Office? In the south, these might have become the standard if not for piracy. It's actually a little ironic. The Venture industry exists because big opportunities can be pursued with fraction (maybe 1/10) of their potential worth. But now opportunities of the same size can be pursued with a much smaller fraction (say 1/100). As an investor, you're still willing to pay the 10th. Economics goes a little fuzzy around the edges. So the problem is not: - Off-topic articles are not interesting. it is: - Off topic articles are interesting also to off topic readers & off topic readers jeopardise the nature of the site/community. I don't think you have to. http://appjet.com/docs/faq "I think it's extremely likely that JavaScript will be absolutely pervasive in applications in the coming years" Why? Why hasn't it happened yet. JS has been around for a while. Web developers's have known it for a while. Why now? Because of Appjet or whoever else will fill that role? Or because 'rich web apps' have reached that point? {I'm not baiting, I'm actually asking} DO you have an exit strategy? If so, when did you formulate it? If early on, how has it affected your product? "He says once he can afford it he will pay" There's a few things that I never could believe: A woman when she weeps A merchant when he swears A thief who says he'll pay - A lawyer when he cares A snake when he is sleeping A drunkard when he prays I don't believe you go to heaven when you're good Everything goes to hell, anyway... (Everything Goes to Hell, Tom Waits, ) Apple's like a case study in multiple competencies. "Early stage" of the market. That does not necessarily equal in the technology. What seems odd is that Amazon seems to be trying to avoid a game change. They want to make reading /book ownership & retail different with as little effect on what goes on further up the value chain as possible. Prices are more or less the same, for one. That doesn't seem to make sense. I don't think the argument is about (or entirely about) attractiveness (or lack thereof) of high margin sectors. It's about being able to thrive in that kind of environment. For example, Apple cannot thrive in the same kind of environment as Dell. Apple's corporate culture, habits & history would put it at a disadvantage in a world where margins are thin because it has not evolved or been optimised for that environment. In a world where competitively driving down costs via stock turnaround times & cheap production determine success Dell has the upper hand. Similarly, in a world where revenue per employee is low, a company such as Google might be ill equipped. I am not agreeing or disagreeing with this position (I don't really know enough to). I'm sure you could argue other forces at play might be more significant or that his assumptions about Google's tactics are incorrect. But it's not nonsensical. What I did find unclear was which category he places himself in: SMB software or enterprise. But that's a limitation of the medium (personal blogs). Some background is assumed. I'm willing to take that as it means writers don't have to start from scratch. If what collapses the current industry structure is apple's device, they'll probably come out in a decent position. If that's what's going to happen anyway, isn't it better to lead? Especially if there's a chance of locking users in to a device with DRM. And it seems impossible that there won't be a change. The whole economics of printing is built on the realities of.. printing. How long can they keep pretending that books are being printed? But I guess you're right. It's not 'no sense' it's 'no cojones'. That is by definition a very niche problem. Apart from running each other's proprietary browsers, there is no reason not to make any browser with enough of a following to determine machine choice, available on any platform. Normally, the reason an 'app of choice' wouldn't be available is obscurity. The point here is that the only app that matters now is the browser & maybe another handful. Fewer chances for an obscure killer app to kill the sale because all your obscure apps are online. If all you need to do is make sure that all important browsers are available on your platform, it's doable even if it's chasing down browsers with less then .01% of users. Yes that's true. But it still plays in the phone league. It replaces a purchase of another phone. If hadn't bought an iphone, you probably would have bought a nokia. You know 3 or 4 doesn't seem that bad. Should be manageable. It's not, that's unfortunate. In lots of cases 3 - 4 players can virtually act as one. Look at the RIAA. A model of cooperation. "Design Products for Yourself" works in the brave new world of the long tail. 'You' are probably representative of a bunch of consumers worldwide. Enough to make a market. 'He' isn't in that world. He's in the mass market world where you need 'market share' and 'mass appeal.' So being very appealing to some people is no good. In that world, you needed to be 'good enough' for lots of people. Problem is people will move away from good enough to good when it becomes available. And it almost impossible to be good for everyone. This article's a bit unfair. If you read the interview (kinda long) the quotes' are a little out of context. At least they don't really represent the jist of his arguments. Sure, the business model is built on artificial product life-cycles, content-container hybrids that are unnecessary and market segmentation that is being aggressively created to wring as much out of a new flick as possible. He refers to this: http://www.flickr.com/photos/13736953@N00/2762004788/ (He segments the market across 2 axis (medium - store/mail/internet/kiosk & method - rent/buy/subscribe) But given that environment, his arguments are reasonable. They want to focus on the big market - Physical Store. VOD subscriptions, he sees as a small market indefinitely. VOD buy/rent he sees as a long term direction so. The point about new releases sounded a little more along the lines of: The new release market is more substantial. We have chosen to focus on those. We can, if needed support the long tail. It's a bit cheap taking shots at everyone & anyone in an anachronistic business. What do you expect them to do throw the business out the window & start over? The in store market still exists. So more like a dating/matchmaking site? Which ones are Hebrew, which Russian? I'm venturing this guess: 1. Russian 2. Russian 3. Hebrew I speak Hebrew. I don't speak Russian, but I had a lot of Russian friends growing up. So I've heard a lot of jokes fall flat in translation from Russian. I thought I recognised the sound. I would say a slight Russian accent. There's still a problem that no one's figured out matchmaking properly yet. At least not online. Offline the two main methods are: - friend set-ups/ Family - Dating (I think this is what this site does) I guess a way of asking is why are we so married to the concept of classifieds. Maybe you should look at innovation in finding jobs, finding houses, etc. Ebay is an innovation in buying selling stuff (once classifieds territory). Personally, I think maps/real-estate, very possibly from Google could be a major point of attack. just makes sense to find real estate on a map. Also makes sense to book hotels. 2 money areas online. fatalism >People are paying for good apps. As in, they’re giving you money in exchange for software. You gotta hand it to Apple on the market creation side of things. No one pays for music. No one pays for small consumer software. Micro-payments don't work. It's as if that stuff doesn't affect them. hey! For one thing, it means that Justhackit's got a few people on it now. True. They did come down on Slinkset with a sort of : "You don't need a push button news site. Installing your own is easy enough." >"So is Slinkset really necessary?' "I don't think JustHackIt will take off, but I..." http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=281199 Still? This isn't just a-typical it's dangerous. They are trying to be something they are not. Mac vs PC is not a symmetric fight. If apple wins 1% of windows users, its a big win (somewhere around 10% increase in sales). But it doesn't work both ways. If windows 'steals' 25% of mac users, it's less then a 2% increase in windows sales. (& reaching those markets with airtime costs the same) Windows could have beaten that just by reducing replacement time by a few months. Going after Apple's (tiny) market, with their hands tied (Vista isn't fun) for meagre rewards isn't smart. Reads better then The Republic That's exactly what I was thinking when I read it. But Cuil was trying to pull off a bigger sting than most. Exactly. Microsoft need to keep people from thinking & making decisions about OSs. Forget that there is a choice. More of the first. Some of the second. But the latter with a sort of sly smile. If only they came with a free sample dvd. disposable cameras. Hawaii sounds like a good idea. Mostly because a few rental companies own 100% of the cars. Be a good experiment. But if you're trying to test run for the world, a resort island doesn't prove anything. Israel's just small enough to be feasible. But it's big enough & 'normal' enough to be applicable to most European Countries. It's also got a big advantage that a large number of cars are leased by employers as part of salary packages. Similar advantage to the rentals in Hawaii. The phone model isn't pretty. Making deals with governments, locking people into networks. But I suppose at this point, anything that works. But the end result may be ugly. I think there's a need for "If it worked in ___ it could also work in ___". Japan & Korea may do that for China. I'm not sure. Israel may just do it for a lot of Europe. Even though the fact that Israel has uber high vehicle taxes (I think only Singapore is higher) gives it a huge advantage equivalent to a big subsidy. But in papers & on politicians desks it may not be the same thing. 'Tax Break' sounds better then 'Subsidies.' So a good strategy is finding somewhere with massive taxes. You could make a pretty strong argument that IT guys in a solicitors office means something is broken. This article is just saying that taxi companies don't need as many on board mechanics. Do you have alternatives? If you're speaking hypothetically to figure things out, maybe keep the (hypothetical) alternatives all on the investors' side of things. Something like ''brand name' VCs that don't care vs lower tier VCs that are excited about the technology'. True. That is what makes it a great read (I thought it was) & a great experiment. You can easily understand the pieces. But hopefully, some rules & guidelines might emerge from this type of experimentation. These would (if they are good rules & guidelines) be applicable more widely. It'd be difficult to work out the laws of mechanics by examining an engine. But playing with a lead ball in a lab can eventually help you build a better engine. I was just trying to simplify the comparison for the purpose of valuing a VC's excitement about your technology ( assuming that you are unlikely to be looking at 2 term sheets simultaneously). Unfortunately, I don't have the experience to offer any useful advice myself. I went over it again and had a look at the linked paper. The farmer originally had the minimum wage problem. The piece rate needed to keep everyone over minimum wage regardless of skill level or field quality. So (Piece rate) = (Minimum Wage) / (the lowest performer's fruit quantity). You can scale incentive on additional output, but it has to go up from there. In this environment, he could probably work out a pay scale that works & it is to his advantage if worker earn more then minimum wage (because he probably pays less for marginal output). Problem was that another productivity factor is the field. So, if he sets the above rate based on the worst field he is over paying workers on the best field. This is where 'generous' comes in. It means they were getting paid for being on a good field not working faster. His solution was scaling based on group productivity. In a perfectly individualistic market, this is a good system . But the workers colluded to work less for the same pay (as opposed to getting paid more). The economist 'fixed' that by removing the group incentive (they call it an externality) to pick less. Down here (Australia) you hear "highly qualified" very often. It's used interchangeably with "highly skilled," which is the Governments' favourite phrase. Drives me bananas. I've also lived in Ireland & heard this terminology used a bit. Yes. The seasonal thing is central. Important assumptions here are basically: A - Workers have no incentive not to screw the employer. B - Employing/Retaining staff's not an issue. This is also part of the seasonal work. It's not worth looking for a different job when it's only a couple of weeks. If this were a more perfect market (infinite time, perfectly informed participants ...), the decreasing marginal rates (to avoid being over generous), would disappear. You'd be better off pinching your neighbour's picker that picks twice 2x fruit with 2 X minimum wage then keeping you 0.9x picker at 1 X minimum wage. Thanks for the extraction. It's interesting that the deviation went down when the pay scale was 'fixed.' Makes you wonder if it was the same workers that were productive or not. Maybe it was a good opportunity to make a good wage if you were willing to take social flak. I'd like to point out that this is coincidental. The standard deviation might have gone up to the benefit of the (hardest) workers. The farmer would probably still been better off too. Another interesting thing that you can clearly see in your numbers what a blow to the farmer (and advantage to the workers)it is to have weak workers. They set the pay rate. The next con could be to collectively hire bad workers. This is brought up in the article's thread: Is VC funding needed or optimal for the majority of these companies? To add to that: Is there a gap between the common ceiling for angel funding & the common floor for VC? Well not 'free' exactly. Minimum wage is the regulation that's causing all the trouble here. Without minimum wage, Many of Farmer Smith's problems would have gone away. He could just pay the lowest rate at which he could still get enough workers to pick his fields. He still might have to adjust the rate by field, bit once that's done he wouldn't have to worry about motivating workers. Bring up an interesting point. With Amazon, you can see a reviewers other reviews. A good thing to do might be to identify those who have purchased the product, even if you don't exclude those that haven't. >>That's what they said about P2P and RIAA is still suing hundreds and hundreds of people. Sure. But I think that's ore out of frustration then strategy. P2P (among other things) is killing copyright. Well, at least in the way that guns kill people. Not sure if I'd make that a rule. Well many people do. But I think it's hard to keep things civilised that way. Great idea for a product to work on. Ballsy too, taking on hardware production & dealing with all that physical production, economies of scale, ploughing fields & the rest of that 19th century stuff. I can see a lot of potential for this. Nice thing is that you have a product and you can just sell it, in exchange for money. Just like any web retailer. On that note, you might want to take advantage of some of this PR for SEO and give your site a quick once over. I see that for digital photo frame, picwing appears 6-7 time in the first 100 Google results via reviews & press but your site doesn't even come up if you search 'social photo frame'. Who's buying the things at this point? I'd be putting money on people buying them for their mums. Could be a huge Mothers Day hit. Not beta friendly though. What would they do if pirating was impossible? Use Gimp or buy Photoshop? What is exactly is 'your way?' The better then nothing bit still applies. For those that would buy, piracy is a net loss for the company. For those that would use open source, it's a net a loss. It's like the old saying: "Only thing worse then being talked about.." Only thing worse then being pirated is not being pirated. Still. Doesn't seem like justification for a government ban. You could have a 'talkers' section like they used to have a smokers section. Keep at it & get down under. We like music too & we can't find it ;) Unless you're Apple So you think that the definition of theft requires lost revenue? Would you accept that in end cases? Say you steal a toy from a child that has piles of em? They don't even notice. Not theft? I think you guys are going down the wrong path here. It doesn't matter (to the status of piracy) whether or not piracy is harmful or any other consequences. If 90% of shoplifters get hit with a sudden case of Dostoevsky & slip envelopes under doors resulting in 120% ... It would still be theft. Just like assault is still assault if they sober up & buy you an icecream. I'm not saying piracy is theft. It is different enough to warrant its own word (& its own treatment). 'Preventing revenue' is not a reasonable explanation. Standing outside a store and yelling like a madman scaring away customers is also preventing (stealing?) revenue. In some cases, I think that piracy is helpful to companies (photoshop might be an example) in others it's harmful. But that's besides the point. You can invoke that in a wider discussion of how laws should be made or you may be making a moral assertion that rights & such aren't important, only consequences. But that's not really our system (or most people's understanding). Anyway this discussion is 90% semantics. It's only important to propaganda campaigns (saying stealing is more effective then saying violating copyright). I think the problem was with bad arguing. One person arguing the legality. Another, the morality. A third steps in with semantics. Since they all use the same words they think hey are talking about the same thing. But they are not. If you replaced the words they used with the words they mean they'd sound like a pack of hyenas. No good analogy. Giving bad advice professionally can be illegal (so is piracy). But it's still not theft. Exactly. I always get frustrated that gets left out of the debate. The issue is not money. The issue is control. Control is ownership (or a close cousin). That's why internet music taxes & whatnot are ridiculous. That doesn't restore ownership. Just money. nice to meet you Well. It's a problem requiring a creative solution. It's certainly hard. I don't know how to do it, but I wouldn't say it's impossible or all up to fate. That was actually convincing. This is a monopoly like market by definition. We have companies competing for a finite amount of customers (or customers' attention). If you had five equally popular search engines, they wouldn't really compete prices down anyway. The number of searches (supply) would still be the same & advertisers (demand) would still be the same. The only reason MSN & Yahoo (not to mention real obscure engines) still earn less per click is a sort of market imperfection: It's complicated & time consuming learning another system & running parallel campaigns. For an extra 5-10%, it isn't worth it for small campaigns. Monopoly or not, they are not manipulating the market. It manipulates itself. Are there any estimates on how much total has gone into iphone apps? We know what the market's worth (approximately). That's also the reason you're getting VC money. Because you have something to do with it. If you answer 'I can't grow' (can't find programmers). You are saying: no need for investment. If you say: I don't need VC money and still get it, that's a bubble. Lingo is so important. I was at a lecture once given by a top Australian political PR/Lobbyist. He recounted running the battle over some environmental policy that the National Farmers Federation (NFF) was opposing. Fascinating stuff. One of the central components was 'owning' a handful key phrases. They wanted 'sustainable' (as in economically sustainable communities).'Custodianship' (the farmers as opposed to collective) to be associated with them. He showed the progression of the use of these in the media over the campaign period. There was a 180 degree turn. All those words completely changed sides & completely changed meanings. The public attitudes (eg for/against sustainability) didn't. I wonder what RSS adoption would have been if the it had a better lingo to begin with. Well that goes to the definition of rich. I'd say it is (or should be) at least partially to do with the psychology. Work it out. Play with unknown factors (future rent, interest & house prices) and see what you come up with. Mostly it's about even. But just as you say a lot of human elements come into play. People choosing a rental or a purchase choose radically different properties so usually saying 'I would be paying this rent' is meaningless since you would be living somewhere completely different paying different rent. And saying 'I would be saving X' is also meaningless because you probably wouldn't be. I think these usually outweigh the pure financials. many people purchase houses that would have never saved a dime. But of course, that's beatable. And GUI Down Here (Melbourne) it's a lot more extreme then that. $2200 p/m for a $500k place is >5% return. Here it's about 3.5%-4% for a normal family house and 4%-5% for a flat. *Interest rates are about 8% Nor does it mean that they can't scale. I love that recipes is always used as a way of explaining how useful consumer technology is. I think Apple Lisa had an ad with a women using it in the kitchen. You'd think that recipes present our biggest problem needing a technological fix. BTW: I agree that if it's cheap, easy & nice, there'll be all sort of uses for it. Agreed. This is not a laptop. It needs to be a distinct creature. If this takes off it can have some sort of keyboard down the track. But only after the users figure out what it's for. And the keyboard is probably not central to that. Well well. So now I know. We've come a long way. From $10.6k, 70kg recipe computer with an integrated cutting board, to a $200, 0.5 kg recipe computer with touch screen. The start-up that finally cracks this recipe problem will really make it. That is an interesting question. (An is it evil question ). I guess it comes down to what they are trying to achieve with the browser in the first place. Is it improving the web experience or creating a dominant browser? I think it's likely that the latter will creep in once they're at it for a few years. But for now the first seems to be a pretty important goal. For now, Firefox is a pretty important way to further that goal. And for now, Google seems happy enough to sink some cash into that goal. $15m-$20m p/y is probably a reasonable sum (compare to other expenses in this area) as long as A: Firefox significantly improves the web for users & B: That is a Google goal that they're willing to pay for. It's not charity either. What's default search worth on the open market? Probably something. Question: Is there any/much value in controlling the browser or owning the most popular browser in itself? *By 'in itself' I mean ignoring advantages such as Google's: 'We need web-apps to work' or Microsoft's: 'We need web-apps not to work' If default Search Engine settings are actually worth what Google paid ($55m for 15% of the market X 3 yrs) & no other revenue sources exist, the market's worth about $120m p/y. is that it? Where is the browser == eyeballs? BTW, I think that the big success of Google is in realising that's really true. Web Searches == money. But not inherently. I agree that the theory is bogus. But.. 1) Explicitly covering their agenda only has value if you trust them. If Steve Ballmer was telling you about how he wants to improve the web experience for everyone, would you buy it. 2)They don't lose any impressions by replacing FF. They just stop paying for them. 3) I agree. But that just means you don't care if they kill FF. Not that they're not. The splash the pond strategy. Platform dependence. Are you talking about eyeballs for search? Because that'd be included in the above estimate ($120m p/y for %100 of the market) assuming they're paying mozilla fairly for defaults. Do you mean something else? Like eyeballs on the browser itself? True. Shows how much reputation is worth. Well the article was saying is that from a developers perspective, it is the bottom chunk of the market (IE6) that determine what he can or can't do, not the top. Assuming of course, that whatever he's doing needs to run on all computers. I think this falls in to the 'best for what?' category. Bookmarks are something that gets used differently by different people. Some freaks (no offence) with thousands of bookmarks have radically different needs to others. So information gathering? I don't think it's fair to call it a misconception. It is a claim or maybe even an accusation. One that Universities are are commonly accused of. One that is being extended to YC. Universities might similarly defend against this claim by pointing to the resources spent on educating as opposed to filtering. But I don't think that this is necessarily a good defence. If anything, it points to an institution's internal priorities, not its value to potential students. It seems to me that if YC is consistently successful, it can't avoid becoming a filter in the eyes of investors. This would eventually come to affect applicants' perception. If YC increases a company's chance of attracting investors, this might become the motivation for participation. Investors listen to pitches or even invest because of YC's track record. Startups apply because of investors' perception. Similarly, University applicants often think along the lines of creating an impressive resume. This is partly because it is true (an Oxford degree is better at getting jobs then an unknown one) and partly because people tend to undervalue educational potential of things beforehand. Throw in the fact that top Universities get the power to choose the best applicants & it becomes difficult to tell if they are picking winners, creating them or just in control of some bottleneck. In any case, I think it's a point of interest. New Book? Well this is the challenge. Chrome needs to be compelling for 'normal people.' As you say that's not easy. Most 'normal people' haven't tried Firefox on someone else's machine & said 'I want this not that.' In fact, many are still on IE 6. So the bar for 'compelling' is high. You need someone who does not find the difference between IE6 & FF compelling to find Chrome compelling. Big call. FF got to >15% on that sort of steam without much marketing (but still some). Google can probably out-market Mozilla. Religious monopoly was broken by the Washington Monument. Seems from the comments that what entrepreneurs want most is speedy responses. The biggest influence on Google's actions is probably public opinion. If they start large scale assaults on their users' IP because of a dodgy EULA, they'd lose all that goodwill (which for Google is worth a lot). I can't see them doing it. I've been thinking about that a bit. The fact that Chrome needs to 'sell' to users that haven't even made a switch from IE6. But is that really the case? Maybe the issue is 'will it be compelling for developers?' (Maybe this's more of a question for gears). But Salesaforce.com is a good example. What if you told users that they need to download a new browser to use an app. Still probably easier then downloading & installing a piece of desktop software (and it's by google). If a modern browser really enabled things that are just impossible to do in IE6 (or a browser without chrome), developers would develop for them and that would push user adoption. IE6 is annoying, annoying pushes user abandonment. But it's not enough to push developer abandonment. For that, you need 'prohibitive'. I think the day developers are making a choice between developing for certain browser(s) or developing for desktop, is the day we have a compelling reason to switch. harsh What game changing does a $98 laptop do? (Apart from the OLPC mission.) For example, does anyone think that laptop price is holding back mobile phone business models for laptops (free with broadband)? I can't say that I understand the subtleties, but I imagine the case would need to be built on Google's monopoly in the search engine market, not the browser market. Why do you need more than the OLPC mission? That's a pretty damned audacious thing. I didn't mean to imply anything about the benefits of availability in low-income countries or the OLPC mission. My question intention was more along the lines of: 'apart from the obvious.' Naturally, affordability for the remaining (majority) of the world that cannot afford a laptop is the important consequence of decreasing costs. What I meant was as the cost of a usable, connected laptop or laptop-like machines approaches zero, what changes (if any) can we expect in the behaviour of existing laptop users. Any new uses, products and such that might come out of this? Some bait: http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/09/04/secretive-storage-compa... I think that depends. If Chrome actually enabled features otherwise impossible, they might. At least they'd have a rational reason too (as would all developers). Maybe Gears is more of a candidate for this. He thinks Google is unlikely to invest much in enterprise applications, because profit per employee is much lower than in its advertisement-financed consumer business. I know this isn't the article's centre of gravity, but... It bugs me to hear this thrown around so easily. There is no existing business model that produces that type of cash from online advertising. Search is the exception. Not the rule. Google's hedging bets, tying their hands but at the end of the day, these free web services will either need to be: 1. subsidised by a giant (like google does now) for whatever reasons they can get together 2. very cheap to run. IE web-services will replace companies many times their size, taking only a fraction over the revenues. You can always get some revenue from ads. 3. paid for by users 4. a business model will emerge that will do for apps what overture/adwords did for search. I wouldn't be putting all my shells on 4. Unless i'm missing something. Gmail is probably one of the 'best-bet' ad-supported apps. If it was a yearbook, they might get 'most likely to succeed' Anyone have an idea how much they make? The idea is a very limited universe. Telling the same story with the same tools. Repetition without repetition. Repetition is one of the most effective ways of changing how people feel about something. I agree. An analogy could be the motor vehicle business. 90% solved by the 50s or 60 or 80s or whatever you place it at. But obviously cars still get better with time. I must be one of the few that actually likes albums. I don't like the industry acting like they have a right to sell them to me if I wanted a single. And if people don't generally like em they should die. But I'd prefer the album format stuck around. Come on... The point is valid. No need to be pedantic. Basic salary in the US (even though it is lower then in many countries with similar GDP p/c) covers basic nutritional needs. You could probably extend that. Though I would say that it says nothing about how much/little they are struggling. Paris Hilton would struggle on $10k per month. So do the record companies. There's a debate show here (Australia) that hosted a piracy/music industry. Some record industry rep explained that the industry wasn't thrilled about digital (even if people pay) because it cannot sustain on 'singles alone.' He seemed fairly confident that there cannot be any change of standard until they're confident that the new the change is sustainable . It's one thing complain that their rights are being trampled by piracy. IE they have a right to 'sell' their work. But a right to sell albums is a little far fetched. What would be the strangest thing? But I too am amazed that old ladies in middle America on fixed income are pretty much 99% of the ad market. That's not really true of adwords. The whole 'lower-middle wage housewife interested in sweepstakes' persona were the ones that clicked on banner ads, 10 years ago. Anyway, the way ppc adversising is structured these days, 'most clicks' & 'most advertising spending' are not the same thing. There's an old saying that half of advertising is wasted, but you never know which half. That's the point of adwords. You know which half. Roughly anyway. I must say, much more interesting then most goldmines in this world. Couldn't imagine Yellow Pages doing this. I imagine that Google has a clean tech agenda here as well as a 'how do I cool & power a data center' agenda. I have a feeling this is has been talked to death, but i haven't seen it. What is the range for core-member group size for which Slinkset/Reddit/HN - like is advisable. Naturally, there's a lot of squeeze room depending on the activity of member but... Anyone have upper/lower limits?