Yup, it's pretty bad for you. I try to stand as much as possible, but standing desks aren't exactly cheap, and I don't have a dresser that's the right height. NYTimes ran a few articles a while back about this very subject.. http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/02/23/stand-up-whi... http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/14/phys-ed-the-men-who... A key point: "The men worked out, then sat in cars and in front of televisions for hours, and their risk of heart disease soared, despite the exercise. Their workouts did not counteract the ill effects of sitting." Good idea.. I'll have to try that. Lots of Nietzsche, with healthy doses of pragmatism (James & Dewey), some empiricism (Hume), and rationalism (Spinoza). Hacker News. Not political-views-of-some-hackers news. I'm assuming it's just the general term for a 'piece of transmitted information', no matter what the medium. I'm strongly looking into transferring to the Koln International School of Design ( http://kisd.de/home.html?lang=en ) which is in Cologne, Germany. (I'm currently a sophomore at a US non-design school.) It's a unique program that basically covers every field of design; the major is called "Integrated Design." You essentially choose your own curriculum. It really comes down to what sort of design you're interested in. US schools tend to be focused on 2 subjects, with not much else: industrial design and communication/web/graphic design. Different schools are better at different things, but to highlight a couple: Carnegie Mellon: strong in communication design, interaction design, Human-Computer interaction, and generally anything computer science related. Cincinnati: not so great of a school in general, but the design department is top 5 in the country, mostly because the program requires 4+ co ops (internships.) Supposedly they're pretty good at traditional product/industrial stuff. I decided to pass on design school a few years ago, mostly because I didn't want to be pidgeonholed into either of those subjects. I'm pretty familiar with design schools, so I'd be glad to answer any specific questions. Also try http://boards.core77.com Are you looking for an undergraduate program or grad program? I know more about the undergrad program (Integrated Design), but they also offer a Masters in European Design and a Masters in Integrated Design. The following info is for undergrad, Integrated Design. (Just to be clear, I don't actually attend this school (yet) and haven't visited.) 1. To enter: a 6-month internship in a design-related field. I believe that they also consider relevant work experience. 2. The program is a bit different than most schools; instead of classes, you work on projects. Any student can take any project (with some limitations) and students of all years work together. Subjects: essentially, there are around 15 departments: audiovisual media, manufacturing, service design, typography, interface design, etc. To graduate, one must take at least 1 project in 10 of the departments, and fulfill the certain amount of project points. There’s also some other “classes”, like seminars and workshops. Hence the name “integrated design” – you can, for the most part, “design” your study curriculum out of the offered projects. 3. Most classes are taught in English if requested, but I believe you have to still take a basic German test. There’s a ton of information that I am leaving out, so I recommend you just browse the site for a while. Check out these pages, in particular: Studies - http://kisd.de/studies.html?&lang=en Study programs (notice the PDFs for each program) - http://kisd.de/studyprograms.html?&lang=en Departments/Subjects - http://kisd.de/subjects.html?&lang=en Applying - http://kisd.de/application.html?&lang=en Applying FAQ - http://kisd.de/application_faq.html?&lang=en International Students - http://kisd.de/1908.html?&lang=en (all from the nav bar) edit: sorry for the horrible formatting. And feel free to ask any other questions. Sorry, I really don't know much about most European schools, other then the few I'm stumbled upon. I'd imagine that schools in Italy (possibly France) would focus more on art, design, fashion, etc. as opposed to service design, engineering, etc. But I have little to no evidence to back that up. Looks like they're redirecting it to USA.visa.com Maybe "mother" would have been a better term to use? Sure. I couldn't find your email in your profile either! Or in your blog. Tsk tsk, HN. (and I mean the site, not you.) Anyway, feel free to contact me. http://www.google.com/recaptcha/mailhide/d?k=01YWSQ0iQDYIbvG... /avoiding spam It's certainly commendable to give away a vast fortune, and I don't want to take away from this honorable act in any way. But I wonder why more ridiculously wealthy entrepreneurs don't, ya know, preneur? Especially in the nonprofit "make a difference space". A billion dollars to charity is cool. You know what's really cool? A billion dollars towards a celebrity billionaire-spearheaded do-good project. (Or 1 million dollars each towards 1000 projects, etc.) Maybe I'm missing something, and I'm certainly no billionaire, so I probably am. But if I were a billionaire, I'd be more interested in angel investing (in promising, impactful projects) and my bringing my own ideas to life. But I digress. Bravo to the billionaires. Really, this is awesome. I always thought engineering was the application of science. A scientist observes, experiments, and records his findings. An engineer uses these findings to build stuff. I wonder if this has anything to do with server resources; IE is 1 30-minute video less intensive and take up less space than 3 10-minute videos? (Considering that most long videos are just cut into parts.) If so, I'd imagine it would have an impact, considering the sheer size of YouTube's userbase. Gotcha. But wouldn't longer movies being in multiple pages/clips serve more advertising? I realize that the clips may not even be uploaded if a time limit is imposed, but I would assume that more clips = more potential ad clicks. I suppose also that the advances in Content ID (the copyright checking system) may only be effective on longer clips. All in all, there are advantages and disadvantages to both approaches, and maybe YouTube is just taking the least complicated route. I see. I should probably watch more Youtube before I start asking obvious questions about it. Thanks! Not quite sure I agree. Anonymous has zero financial incentive to do any of this, which may or may not be a requisite to gang-status. Either way, it's still a point worth considering. Good point, but I think that some, if not the majority of gangs only exist to make money. No money = no power = no gang. Anonymous has no comparable feature. I see anon more as a sort of underground ideological group than anything else. The first comparable movement that comes to mind is Project Mayhem (with less physical destruction of property and more identity ambiguity.) Still waiting for my flying car... Actually, it's been even longer than 25 years. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2550902895914120566# But I'll be patient. Very impressive. I'm curious to see how it performs in the wild though -- can it translate signs outdoors just as well as in a studio? I really hope so. Make a simple web app that sells for $15 a month. You'll only need to get roughly 150 customers to make $2000. Or change the price and recalculate. I will be learning how to hack! Planning on going HTML > CSS > Javascript > Ruby. Not all over the holidays, of course. Yup. It just comes down to value, and it depends on the app. Underpricing something that has a lot of value is generally not a great business move. Especially when you intend on adding features later. But if it's just a simple web app, presumably one that has some similar competition, then $5 may be a better idea. I have no experience selling a startup, so my opinion is probably not worth much... 1. Running a company isn't the same as building a startup. Two different skill sets, for the most part. 2. On to the next thing. Unless my startup is fighting some huge, globally important problem, I'd rather take the money and put it towards something that is more relevant. Just think what Zuckerberg could do with billions of dollars towards a serious issue. Staying at Facebook isn't a bad thing, per se, but with that sort of financial power one could really make a bigger difference than connecting people online. Festivus. That's pretty much why I'm hesitant to do "cant.com". The only issue is that 'cannot' adds another syllable and doesn't sound as...casual; JoeCantDance.com JoeCannotDance.com I get your point about the logo though. That's definitely something worth considering, especially as some (a minor fraction, likely) of my target audience might not realize that typing "can't" into the url bar won't work. Yup, I'm a native English speaker. And thanks for the thoughts. Seeing as it's just a blog, and not a real "business," going with the more comfortable contraction may be the better move. It's a relatively old term actually. I believe the guys from IDEO first introduced it. Very valid concept though. Tim Brown from IDEO: http://www.chiefexecutive.net/ME2/dirmod.asp?sid=&nm=... (sorry for the long link.) Brevity. None, because I don't have an android app. Sorry. But have you considered selling the app, rather than giving it away for free/with ads? It seems that most apps aren't used after 30 days, so you may make more total profit by charging a small fee: http://techcrunch.com/2009/02/19/pinch-media-data-shows-the-... (Feb 2009) He's confusing "physical" minimalism (having less physical stuff) with asceticism (getting by with less/being exposed to less). He starts to draw this distinction, but for some reason he doesn't quite understand it. His entire argument falls apart as a result. The cool thing about "physical minimalism" in the digital age is that my stuff is digital -- I can have access to a huge variety of things, only when I need them. I can have innumerable movies, on demand, whenever I want them. Compare to 20 years ago, when I would have to actually own these physical VHS tapes (and they would presumably be more difficult to navigate/organize). This is important for his notion of creativity, too. Digitizing things lets you more easily access a larger body of objects. If da Vinci had a computer, he'd probably digitize a lot of his stuff too -- it would allow him to be exposed to more things, more easily. Plus, he'd be able to travel more easily, and new experiences are a HUGE part of creative thinking. Gonna throw this one out there: Pittsburgh. It's cheap (REALLY cheap) compared to most cities and has a large talent pool of college kids (Carnegie Mellon and Pitt). Not the most exciting place to live, but for starting a company, it's probably one of the better choices. Less distractions + bad weather = lots of work gets done. On experiences and creativity: http://www.businessweek.com/smallbiz/content/oct2010/sb20101... >>>>>>> Psychologists have spent years trying to discover the answer to the question: "What makes innovators different?" In one of the most thorough examinations of the subject, Harvard researchers spent six years and interviewed 3,000 executives to find out. According to the Harvard research, the No.1 skill that separates innovators from noncreative professionals is "associating"—the ability to successfully connect seemingly unrelated questions, problems, or ideas from different fields. The three-year Harvard research project confirms what Jobs told a reporter 15 years earlier: "Creativity is just connecting things." This notion of making creative associations through seeking out new experiences is worth exploring more closely, as it plays a significant role in the way Steve Jobs has generated one innovative product after another, and another, and another. Jobs is a classic iconoclast, one who aggressively seeks out, attacks, and overthrows conventional ideas. And iconoclasts, especially the successful ones, have an "affinity for new experiences," according to esteemed Emory University neuroscientist Gregory Berns. >>>>>> http://www.hnofficehours.com/ Is somewhat of a directory of hackers and their chat handles/contact info, if that's what you're looking for. Step 1: Don't give up a significant portion of your company. Admission fees? Retail stores are increasingly losing to online services, so the brick-and-mortars might have to focus on the experience of being in a bookstore. For more on this idea, The Experience Economy is a good read. (Skip everything but the first 2-3 chapters. After that, it gets redundant and a little weird at the end.) http://www.amazon.com/Experience-Economy-Theater-Every-Busin... But cafes aren't really selling books -- they're selling coffee and cookies. A lot of people seem to just hang out in book stores, without buying anything, so I really wonder if the cafe business model will work out long-term. Is testing his/her IQ+EQ a reliable measure? No. 1) I made Pokemon cards out of cardboard in 2nd grade, selling them in conjunction with a Lunchables promotion (cards on the back of food boxes). My biggest sale was a 5ft tall Charmander. ;) Unfortunately, the teacher got wind of my business and made me give all the money back. I'm still a little bitter about that one. 2) Selling PSP game ISOS to friends in high school, and repairing/jailbreaking PSPs to resell. 3) I waited in line 3 days for the PS3 launch -- went home and sold it on eBay the next day for a $500 profit. So they created fake accounts and pretended to be attractive women, just to get with a random girl? If that's not the definition of creepy, I don't know what is. The fact that he doesn't want the girl to find out should make this obvious -- any woman who found out you were doing this would be put off immediately, as they should be. Instead of spending so much time with some weird scheme in an attempt to put down the "hunks," how about just becoming a more attractive and more interesting person on your own? Newsflash, guys: women are attracted to confidence and a sense of self-worth, among other things, not complex mechanisms to distract the other guys. There are two ways to be the biggest building. One is to tear down the other buildings. Or two, just build the biggest building. - Gary V Sorry, but this is just really strange, and the lack of ANY negative feedback on here or Reddit is even more disconcerting. An excellent point that seems to be under-emphasized. Instead of swinging for the fences on the first at-bat, focus on getting a man on base first. /cheesy metaphor Gary Vaynerchuk? Not exactly "internet startup" in the YC sense, but Wine Library is definitely an online business. http://winelibrary.com/ Yup. Ebook editions typically include all future updates. With paperbacks, you're stuck with whatever is current at the time of printing. Is it possible to show the landing page on a user's first visit, then have a minor popup for returning users? That would make the most sense to me. Here's the story about AirBnb: http://money.cnn.com/galleries/2010/smallbusiness/1003/galle... I don't know much about Quora, and have never used it, so I can't comment on its chances of success. But I really don't like the name, and I think it may hold them back, as far as mainstream adoption goes. It's not an attractive name to begin with, and I don't quite know how to pronounce it: koo aura or kwaura (rhymes with Laura)? If we're comparing Quora to Facebook and Twitter, it loses the name game by a mile. Facebook and Twitter are both easy to say and there's no confusion on spelling or pronunciation. Also, Quora can't be easily or obviously verb-ized; "Facebook me" or "Tweet it". I don't see "Quoraize it" or "Quoing" becoming a commonly used phrase. All of this may be irrelevant if Quora is just that good , but it's certainly something to think about. Meaning =/= easy to say and pronounce. Apple Dell Yahoo Microsoft Google Facebook Myspace None of these really mean anything, but they're all easy to say and spell. Quora, not so much. Considering that word of mouth is the single most important "marketing method", I think it's relevant at some level. Cleveland is included, but not Pittsburgh? Someone's a Jets fan... On a technical note, the information in the hover bubble is mis-aligned; the right side is a space below the left side, at least on this older version of Firefox. Trulia's Q1 2011 Rent vs. Buy Index provides guidance to help you make a smart decision on whether it is better to rent or buy in each of America's 50 largest cities by population. Ah, I see. That makes sense, especially because the actual "city" of Pittsburgh isn't all that populated. Well, I fit into your category of non-typical hackers. I've been around computers for ages, but never really bothered to learn programming beyond some rudimentary HTML. Nor am I a math-oriented person. At the moment, I'm learning HTML, CSS and Rails. Unfortunately I haven't actually done something yet, but I'm working on a project that (I think) will be very disruptive. So, I'll have to get back to you on that one. ;) Thus Spoke Zarathustra Many of you are confusing "analytic" philosophy with all of philosophy. There are numerous distinct schools, with distinct thinkers and lines of thought. Assuming that a single quality applies to a uniform field of "philosophy" is completely misguided. There is no such thing as a uniform field of philosophy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analytic_philosophy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continental_philosophy Supposedly the Ak 47s used in the film were real, as real Ak 47s are less expensive than fake ones. But I'm not sure where I heard this, or if it's even true. Interesting idea. I'd work on the design a little. The not-in-use buttons (by default, 'Login' and 'Register') look a little bare. How about putting an arrow frame or light green square over them (when not in use). That will help to break up the giant green block. The text itself could also use a little work. I would probably cut out the ads too -- I can't imagine that many people would click on them, and their presence drags down the rest of the design. You probably won't make a ton of money from this, so think of it as a marketing tool to advertise yourself, not a way to make a few bucks a month. Other question: I'm curious as to how long you've been teaching yourself, and what previous programming experience you have? I'm currently teaching myself Ruby (with little-to-no programming experience) in order to launch a start up. I believe what you’ll see are more YC companies launching with bigger, more complete businesses. Notice I said businesses and not ideas, or features. This is probably the real benefit of the 150k. Sure, the money will help to alleviate rent-worries, but it also lets founders tackle serious (more expensive) business problems. 37 complains about Microsoft all the time, so I just used them. Replace MS with any large corporation that makes "bloated" software. Great point. I don't have a ton of resources, so it does seem easier to attack the low end first. I'd definitely agree that Facebook used to be clean and simple. These days it's too busy, redundant, and disorganized. Are suicide rates higher among 'the rich and famous' than among average people? If not, this really has no merit. People kill themselves because they have mental health issues, not because they come to realize that success isn't the secret to happiness. What a flat out terrible article. The ability to flag submissions such as this are the sole reason I aspire to gain more karma. Have you considered that business people actually end up doing [their jobs] out of an underlying passion? Everyone doesn't have the same value system as you. The Smartest Guys in the Room - about Enron This is a good reminder for us tech-savvy people: there's a HUGE untapped market of people out there who either don't have a computer or barely know how to use one. More importantly, they're not stupid or unworthy of your time -- they often need the same tools and information that we do, only simplified and streamlined. Why not do both (techies and non-techies)? This isn't the answer you're looking for, but I'll give it anyway: Reframe your site so that you don't rely on the community to power it -- make it so each user can use the product to its fullest extent without a single other user. We had this same problem during the early planning process for our (currently just my ) startup. Ultimately we realized that we were looking at the problem the wrong way. Instead of making the tool community-powered, we made it individual-user-powered. This lets us be "successful" with far, far less users. Obviously this probably won't work for your site, but maybe it's just a useful thought exercise. Agree with you 110% on the technical issue; most apps and websites attempt to solve problems in a technical way, which isn't always the best method. Rather than downvote you, I'll disagree in a reply. Ads are an extremely unreliable business model. If you want to be an entrepreneur, run a business. If you want to run a business, sell stuff. Don't fall into the trap of "oh, I'll just tack some ads on later and we'll be fine." I really don't read the (general) news. As bad as it sounds, I still manage to stay relatively informed. I think there's three reasons for this: 1. If it's big enough news, I'll hear about it from my friends/co-workers/etc. 2. If it's big enough news, it will usually pop up on a site that I do frequent (like HN.) For example, the abundance of stories about Egyptians using technology informed me of what was going on RE the revolution. 3. Most of the news out there is completely irrelevant. "Don't miss" on CNN.com: Groundhog predicts early spring, Charlie Sheen, How to Avoid Salt, and something about Bush's daughter. 1. The UX needs some work. It looks late 90s-ish. 2. The name is a little cheesy. I'd really consider changing it. 3. It's not immediately obvious how to play songs. Can you put a play button under each song? Ditto for picking the winner - put a "This is the best song" button under each song. I do like the music though. :) And it's a cool idea. Have you considered approaching local Battle of the Bands competitions and getting them on the site? Sell it as a all-in-one promotional type of thing. Have you considered Flippa? http://www.flippa.com Sell your company. If it's between killing it and making a few hundred bucks, why not? I'd also add that a sale (probably) looks better, resume and experience-wise, than merely shutting it down. Saying "I developed a site, made some money on it, then sold it because I no longer had time" is much more impressive than "I developed a site, made some money on it, then shut it down because it wasn't successful enough." My bet is on an educational bubble (although it isn't strictly comparable.) I wasn't around during the first bubble, and I don't actually run a company presently. (So take this with a grain of salt.) But from my perspective, most of the failed sites in bubble 1.0 didn't actually have good products - they didn't actually sell a basic 'X product' to 'Y customer'. I think the same thing is happening now. Just look at Path, Hipster, etc. being valued at super high numbers. These sites don't actually have a real, solid business model. They're just social networks. (In my opinion) the startup community needs to stop making social networks and pseudo-businesses and focus on real products and real problems, like the rest of the business world has for centuries. 1. Very true. 2. Also true, but I think there's somewhat of a distinction between eCommerce and all web businesses (at least what I've been led to believe.) ECommerce is selling offline things online, or rather, selling products through an online channel. Zappos, Amazon, 37 Signals etc. are examples of this. On the other hand, many of today's startups don't actually sell anything. They have a feature, not a business. Is Path really an eCommerce site? Hipster? 3. True, but again, ads aren't exactly a "product". They're an extra level above your service, and are notoriously much more difficult to pull off successfully. Also, I think that most people (customers) have a strong disdain for advertisements, on a whole. I wouldn't rely on ads to power a product indefinitely into the future; personally, I tune out almost all all advertisements, and I know many people who do the same. Building a business on a fluctuating ad market doesn't seem like a great business model to me. Selling products, however, is much more concrete. http://techcrunch.com/2009/03/22/why-advertising-is-failing-... (Techcrunch, I know. But it's a really good article from an academic.) From the article: People don’t trust ads. There is a vast literature to support this. Is it all wrong? People don’t want ads. Again, there is a vast literature to support this. Think about your own behavior, you own channel surfing and fast forwarding and the timing of when you leave the TV to get a snack. Is it during the content or the commercials? People don’t need ads. There is a vast amount of trusted content on the net. Again, there is literature on this. But think about how you form your opinion of a product, from online ads or online reviews? There is no shortage of places to put ads. Competition among them will be brutal. Prices will be driven lower and lower, for everyone but Google. Also, don't forget that the NYTimes is instituting a paywall, and the Wall Street Journal already has one. These sites obviously couldn't function solely on ads, and they get massive amounts of traffic. Likewise for Hulu: they couldn't get by with ads alone either. Unless your web business has an extremely low overhead (read: simple web functions) I seriously doubt ads will be enough. Also useful (but not mentioned): Universal Principles of Design . Sedo page clicky: https://sedo.com/search/searchresult.php4?showportfolio=d254... Direct link to the interview: http://thisweekin.com/thisweekin-venture-capital/this-week-i... Wufoo (YC 06) is essentially a better designed Survey Monkey. http://www.wufoo.com I have my road bike hooked up to a trainer right by my desk. Works super well for watching interviews and listening to podcasts. (A bike trainer essentially converts your 'normal' bike into a stationary bike. http://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&node=3403551 ) I'd get a .com domain. Anything else is just asking for confusion. Or, to simplify: Does it solve a relevant problem for people who have money? If so, you're probably in the clear. So 37Signals is a lifestyle or family business? They definitely need a new design. I really like the "broadsheet" style of their site, but it badly needs to be cleaned up. Pittsburgh is pretty much all of those. Insanely cheap housing (I pay $400 for a 2br - with no roommate, just me.) Access to the best young talent around (Pitt, Carnegie Mellon, + numerous other schools). Relatively low crime rate, and it's named the best city to live in fairly often. The only downside is the weather, which isn't that bad in the winter -- certainly much better than Detroit or Boston. That's not very fair. Unless you're fortunate enough to be working on your most passionate, most world-changing idea right now , I don't see the problem with taking an exit. Many people have passions outside of their company, so what's wrong with taking the money and using it to fund another project? Make your idea so out-of-the-box that the people with immediate skills to implement it, won't (or can't). What does that mean? Pick an idea that is either inherently non-technical or requires significant non-technical work to launch. Your idea can't be stolen if it takes a massive amount of research and pre-programming work to launch. Most hackers (typically the people most capable of executing quickly) will try to solve a problem technically. So, don't solve the problem technically. I'm solving the "I have no technical co-founder" problem by becoming the technical co-founder. Let's hope it works out. I am very familiar with tech and computers, but not in the programming sense. Wouldn't that lead to the top rated comments being rated even higher, while newer (but still good) comments are left by the wayside? This would happen simply because the commenter posted outside of the time the topic was most popular (most viewers). I love the domain. Perfect for a simple web app. A few things: 1. I would move the 'About' tab over next to the 'Owed to You' tab. Stretching it across looks slightly off. 2. The last line of your copy could use a rewriting. Maybe "Try it out! Just use your own e-mail address."Or just take out the comma. 3. Is there a way to remove yourself from the e-mail list on the site? (not just in the e-mail.) Doesn't seem like a business; more of a web app. But maybe a small ad at the bottom of each e-mail? College student here, working on a startup. I've actually gone part-time on classes to work on my project full-time. Don't disregard high school until you've actually done something significant on your own time. Saying "this is a waste of time" doesn't have much merit when you haven't launched a successful product yet. My phone translates foreign languages, provides maps and directions, recommends restaurants and tells me the news of the day. It lets me communicate with friends around the world and in general, allows me to function. All my knowledge depends upon access to communication services: my email, my calendar, my maps and guidebooks. But all of this is at the mercy of the service provider. While I agree with his post on the whole, nearly all of those smartphone apps are available offline. His point is more valid when it comes to content. Related: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh_left The driving practice of the first left-turning vehicle taking precedence over vehicles going straight through an intersection. neither. Avoid numbers entirely. So if I asked you about art, you'd probably give me the skinny on every art book ever written. Michelangelo, you know a lot about him. Life's work, political aspirations, him and the pope, sexual orientations, the whole works, right? But I'll bet you can't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never actually stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling; seen that. Great movie that I just had to quote. I really hope to visit the chapel someday, and this site only reinforces my desire. Typically 2-3% is considered average/good. You're doing great at 10%. I'm in Pittsburgh and looking to meet a cool and smart co-founder. Well, sort of. :) Where are you best places in the Burgh to find tech entrepreneurs? While execution > idea most of the time, I think it's become a little too accepted, for its own good. Ideas are worthless when they're another spin on a web 2.0 site, or rather a spin on something that already exists. From the link: Oh, and what was the company? It was yet another Web 2.0 flavor of a question-and-answer, poll-your-friends site with a distant revenue model and no user acquisition strategy. Ran if for two years before we shut it down with almost no revenue achieved. Shocking, I know. Going stealth is more worth it if your idea isn't in the same universe as ye old web 2.0 social network/web analysis/etc. tool. Hint: these aren't real businesses. This is especially true if your idea is simple to implement technically, but not necessarily simple to implement on a whole. And the idea that "someone is already doing it" is far from a truth. There are plenty of HUGE problems that no one is working to solve - most likely because they aren't problems with technical solutions. The notion that "ideas are worthless" is really only valid if the idea isn't all that original in the first place. If I am not doing it at the moment, someone else is. You're assuming that # of people with an amazing idea = # of people with the tech skills/knowledge to make it happen. Don't forget that the vast majority of businesspeople (very, very successful business people) are significantly less technically-inclined than a HN-reader. I'm in a very similar situation: building a startup that's not technically complicated and has no real competitors (only substitutes). I'm trying to stay semi-stealth; avoiding talking about it to startup/techies/online but still asking friends, family, and potential customers. Facebook might count, depending on what you mean by stealth. Nope. I'm nearly at 400 and I can't find a downvote button anywhere. I hate to be one that argues about definitions, but: generally known and talked of; especially : widely and unfavorably known http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/notorious They pay for the university's existence. You are oversimplifying the educational system to a very large degree (pun intended). Education isn't about the 'information', it's about the collective sum of benefits that a university provides. If it were strictly about the education (courses, books, etc.) there would be no purpose -- most of it can be found for free online. University is about the whole package, of which a strong alumni network is often a major piece. Without a strong sports program, many of these schools would lose a large fraction of their alumni's attention - and I don't mean dollars and cents. To use a previous commenter: Ding ding ding. I went to a D3 school for football, and when considering a possible MBA, something I was looking at half jokingly, but half legitimately, was whether the school was large - because I thought it would make watching sports on TV for the rest of my life, and having true attachment, a lot more fun. Undoubtedly, as I progress further in my career, that fervor would have grown with team success, and also made my attachment more real - while my current alma mater (Chapman University in Southern California) - would have fallen away from consciousness with no legitimate way to grab my attention. Whether I make a donation to any school in the future is up for debate, and I am now not likely to get an MBA based on many of the points raised here and elsewhere - but the point made on this comment hits the nail on the head. I find it extremely unlikely that I will ever donate to my small private school in Southern California - because the thoughts of how it's helped me depart with every passing second, and they have no way to get it back. This obviously leads to a weakening of the school on a whole, in terms of future enrollment and overall reputation, leading to a decline in the quality of education. I don't necessarily agree with you in that there shouldn't be a overarching consistency to their products (no matter how subtle), but Google definitely isn't the strongest when it comes to design. UX rule #1249042: If anything on a site is ever confusing, it's always the site's fault, not the user's. So don't feel bad. Eh? It's a pretty fundamental part of usability, design, and business in general. Blaming your users is never a good idea. I am in a similar situation (20 years old, semi-dropping out to start a company.) Here's my advice/what I'm doing: 1) Don't drop out entirely. Being a part time student allows you to still access most of the university resources. Many of these can be very valuable. 2) Don't move to SF. It seems tempting, but if you have no plan, no skills, and no money, it's a recipe for disaster. SF is also extremely expensive; unless you're going to NYU, it's probably a lot cheaper to live in your college town. 3) Work on your own projects to get some experience/a portfolio. No one will hire a random kid with no skills. My advice is to work on a project yourself until it gets the attention of the online community. Then you can drop out 100% and move to SF, as you'll have proven that you can provide value. An exception can be found for every rule, in just about anything. Nitpicking specific examples and then saying "oh, well this disproves it" proves nothing. 99 out of a 100 times, blaming the user isn't the right move. For the sake of brevity, I used ever and always . Agreed. The window of opportunity for a new social network to take the thunder of Facebook is long closed. Social networks are a bit old at this point, and as you said, Facebook is pretty entrenched. 1. You need a new domain name. 2. The design could use some work. Sorry to say it, but nearly everything is very poorly designed. Have you looked into Wordpress themes for video? There's a lot of quality ones floating around. 3. Your copy needs re-done too. It's not completely clear what the site is, and there's some readability issues there too. Good luck! Email isn't stale. It's a default. Facebook is on its way to being the same. Tumblr? Not a definite need there. http://www.cookingforengineers.com/ A wristwatch? What's that? - Sincerely, people under 25 Yup. I pay $400 for a 2br, all to myself, in Oakland. Doesn't get much cheaper than that. The weather is pretty bad though - and I say this as a native. Thanks. They're doing Launch 2.0 now, which are existing companies. Any idea if Launch 1.0 is after this, or did it already happen? Clickable: http://www.weezic.com 1. What's with the name? It reminds me of two things: Weezer, the band, and Weezy, as in the rapper Lil Wayne. Neither of which have anything to do with classical music. But I'm no musician, so I might be missing a reference. 2. I'm no designer, but I think you have slightly too many colors on the home page. Try to limit it to no more than 5, total (including the background, borders, etc.) Other design issues: the "become a weezician" shouldn't be in all caps, as the "Learn more..." isn't. On the same button, I'd reverse the colors; blue seems to indicate "You are here," but you're using it as a link. 3. I like the idea, but again, I'm not a musician, so my opinion means nothing. That said, the intro lines definitely need to be re-written. Are you looking for a classical work to play? For each work, enjoy instantly all the quality resources you need. I'm not quite sure how to reword it, perhaps something like... "Classical sheetmusic at your fingertips." It is a lot more polished than most beta-type sites though, so good work! Always get a dotcom. Anything else is just asking for confusion, especially if you ever plan to market to non-tech customers. That said, if it's just a webapp or something, I wouldn't worry about it too much. http://www.NameChk.com works well too. Fortune favors the bold. Cliche? Maybe, but I don't see or hear it often. It really applies to everything in your life. The fact that it's an ancient roman saying with a lot of history makes it even more relevant (to me, at least.) I can attest to this as well. I checked mahalo's quantcast a few weeks ago and it was hidden. Awesome photos. This needs some equally awesome music in the background, though. Try this: "Nevergreen" - Emancipator http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RChF0wlcWfQ (timelapse video link) http://www.vimeo.com/14718221 1. Typo: "FreemusicforthemassesS.com" - extra S in there. 2. I'm not entirely sure what your site is, judging from the homepage. I know you explain it on the tour page, but it should be immediately obvious what your site does. Cool idea, but you should communicate it more clearly. I've always thought it had to do with control - in a car, you "have control" over your vehicle, whereas in a plane, you don't. Which is essentially the theory you're referencing. Worth a read: The Experience Economy http://www.amazon.com/Experience-Economy-Theater-Every-Busin... Read online: http://books.google.com/books?hl=en&lr=&id=5hs-tyRrS... Skip the last few chapters. The author's personal (religious) beliefs start to show, and his line of thought weakens (experience economy leads to "transformation" economy, in which people seek to be "transformed.") The majority of the book is an excellent read, though. Information =/= experience. Two different things. The author is referring to the experiential aspects of Facebook, i.e. keeping in touch with friends, etc. Not the actual information on the site. That's why he brings up college dorms being nicer - since it's difficult for universities to provide a better education , they focus on providing a better experience. As Hollywood wanes, indie filmmakers rise. Don't forget that a decade ago, a HD-quality camera was out of reach for anyone but Hollywood directors. Today, you can get one for $1,000. Bad times for Hollywood film? Yup. Good times for the art of filmmaking? It's never been better. Water. Alternatively, stocks in desalination companies. For the impatient, skip to the end of the article. It is the connection between memory and creativity, perhaps, which should make us most wary of the web. ‘As our use of the web makes it harder for us to lock information into our biological memory, we’re forced to rely more and more on the net’s capacious and easily searchable artificial memory,’ Carr observes. But conscious manipulation of externally stored information is not enough to yield the deepest of creative breakthroughs: this is what the example of Poincaré suggests. Human memory, unlike machine memory, is dynamic. Through some process we only crudely understand – Poincaré himself saw it as the collision and locking together of ideas into stable combinations – novel patterns are unconsciously detected, novel analogies discovered. And this is the process that Google, by seducing us into using it as a memory prosthesis, threatens to subvert. No: tech people and hipsters aren't normal people. Grandma isn't going to ditch Facebook for the hot new social network. Nowhere in particular; by "hot new social network" I just meant any potential Facebook alternative. I can't think of any real ones offhand. Charlie Sheen? It's already been done. http://livethesheendream.com/ If not, that site is filled with good ideas. You're acting as if Conan is in explicit control of his lawyers. He's a major celebrity worth millions of dollars. If the lawyer didn't try to shut down sites with his name in them (that are about him), he/she isn't a very good lawyer. Besides, the grandfather post said they asked for the domain - not the site (?). That could be very relevant. If obesity is a disease of poverty, then how come truly poor people (e.g., the poor in India or China) are skinny? Corn subsidy in the U.S.. Not much else to say. I hope it goes down too, but for a different reason: so startups will stop using "ly" at the end of their name. I'd agree that the news is bad for you. But that "article" was underwhelming, to say the least. Can't help you on the standing desks, but; Have you considered using an exercise ball instead of a chair? Am I correct in assuming that you just want a standing desk for the health benefits? If so, exercise balls are pretty good for you as well (at least better than a chair). They are a lot cheaper than standing desks. http://www.gearfire.net/10-reasons-to-use-an-exercise-ball-a... I attend one the affected universities, so it's really frustrating for me too. At least they've thought the whole circular plan through: - Teachers won't get rewarded for master's degrees - Cut funding for universities, resulting in less teachers being able to afford master's degrees - Teachers don't bother with master's degrees Simply amazing that a guy armed only with a tablet and a microphone can have this much impact. Khan Academy is miles better than any of those when it comes to design and ease of use, especially when it comes to presenting the material to elementary/middle school aged children. I certainly don't think a MIT lecture will appeal to 5th graders. We're working to solve a problem that virtually all businesses face and doesn't have a real solution. Other than that, I'm in stealth mode, sorry. :) That may be true, but I think his point about "not focusing on the technical aspects of why Apple was better" is really important. The idea does matter. Don't get caught up in the false dichotomy that plagues this issue. Obviously execution is hugely important. But that doesn't mean that the idea is irrelevant. The key is to take a great idea (that has a market) and execute on it well. Step one is to stop classifying people into "douches" and "non-douches". Being "damn near 40" and still making judgments on people the minute you meet them is your first problem. I've had the same issue - couldn't get work done and couldn't relax. My solution was to cancel my home internet plan and go to the library. No more working at home for me. :) Plus, it saves me ~$50/month, which helps when you're bootstrapping a business. Sedo clickable page: https://sedo.com/search/searchresult.php4?showportfolio=d254... It doesn’t even matter if you don’t have a co-founder. Any additional thoughts on this? "You really, really, really should get a co-founder" seems to be the standard response, but I'd really, really like to hear that it isn't an accept-or-reject issue. Glad to hear that, thanks. “When we’re talking primarily about good typographical rules and creating a balanced visual hierarchy, those things are not subjective. Those just are. You can guarantee that people will react a certain way to these things. And we’re not actually looking for an emotional connection where we might be with color and the more artistic layer if you will. That’s the nice thing about design. At its core level it’s not really subjective. It’s just a matter of good balanced decision making and not cluttering things, not overcrowding.” — Dan Rubin Maybe, but that's really glossing over the entire history of design, especially people like David Carson. Google him for examples of his work - it's not clean, balanced, and clutter-free, yet he was pretty influential in the design world. Of course, he knew the rules before he meaningfully broke them, but that's nowhere near being "objective." Universal Principles of Design Wow, that's impressive. Well, at least it sounds impressive to someone without a lot of math knowledge. Which has me puzzled. I can't think of anything offhand that I "discovered". I suppose you don't need to have been the first to discover it; it merely needs to be relatively unknown to most people? If that's the case, then nevermind: I'm full of obscure knowledge. I've actually "invented" an impressive device, but I'm not sure if "something you invented" is what they're looking for. Of course, I'm probably reading into this a little too much. If you're renting a $100,000 house for $1,500 a month, you are probably overpaying on rent, no? (YC Winter 2011) I just wanted to comment on the excellent picture choice. Didn't realize it was a cup of coffee until I read through the article. I then imagined myself as the entrepreneur, staring down into his coffee on the table, pondering the deal. I don't think I would've had the same visual response with a stock photo of a coffee cup. Not sure if that was your intent, but good job either way. I feel like the future competitor of telcos won't be a telco. It will be something like an interconnected wifi network spread across a vast area. Imagine a city like New York or SF, with wifi access points everywhere . You use a "phone" to access this network. In other words, an iPod touch that's designed specifically for communication over wifi networks. Obviously that's a wild prediction, and I really don't know much about cellular network, but hey, it seems possible. I suppose I should have searched a little harder. This (from the last class) says they pushed it back to Oct 28, so I'm assuming that it's mid to late October, depending on the specifics that year. http://ycombinator.com/w10announcement.html No, but I probably will be in the fall (when I apply to YC.) Namely AlphaLab, which is out of Pittsburgh. http://www.alphalab.org/ Semi-agreed. Reddit is minimal in that it is pretty simple and straightforward to use. Not minimal in the designed-to-be minimalist sense. The best example of this is Google and Apple. Both are minimalist. But Apple (arguably, of course) has a much better sense of design. Reddit is like Google. ...only one way to find out. Interestingly Apple used a similar tactic with their "Think Different" slogan, which was hugely successful. The difference, I think, is that Apple was positioning itself against the monolith IBM, hence the "Different". Google is in a similar position today as IBM was back then (in being dominately huge). So maybe naming the magazine "Think Quarterly" makes sense after all. If I stood on one leg “to exhaustion” — until it hurt too much to continue — a few times, I woke up feeling more rested Wouldn't it be easier to just exercise? Regular physical activity leads to better sleep, and doesn't require you to stand on one leg. Well, yeah. It just seems a little strange (and likely less efficient) to do leg raises, when a decent workout of real exercises would be just as easy and more effective. Even if you stick to the legs, exercises like bootstrappers, squats, and lunges would be significantly better. Something I've always wondered: assuming all other things (connections, community, alumni, funding, etc.) being equal, does YC win out over other "incubators" simply because of Hacker News? YC startups (quite rightly) get on the front page easily, which obviously drives a lot of traffic. Most other "incubators" don't have anything comparable. I meant more in the scenario of: "our startup got into 4 different incubators, one of which is YC. They all have strengths and weaknesses, which roughly balance each other out. Is Hacker News the trump card?" Fair enough. I just didn't get the impression that the OP took an exercise approach to his experiment. It seemed less isometrics and more "I'm gonna stand on one leg until I get tired." No caffeine? The average person in the united states makes 2-3 million over the course of their entire life. True, but I don't see any reason why low capital = low innovation. Cheap internet companies aren't derivative by default. I don't disagree with you in that entrepreneurs choose software because it's cheaper. My question was: what's inherently derivative about software startups? Why is everyone making photo-sharing software and not software to solve other (unaddressed) problems? 1. According to that line of thought, every problem has been solved already. Are we really at that point? There are hundreds of problems that are more relevant than "how do I share images of my location with people in my same location". 2. ^What real problem does a company like Color solve? Is there one? 3. Maybe the problem is that startups are targeting consumers ? B2B has a way of culling the herd: if you don't solve a problem, no one buys your product. I'm trying to sell a number of domains. Take a look and see if you like any. https://www.sedo.co.uk/search/searchresult.php4?showportfoli... Thanks! Really getting tired of the constant reiteration of this soundbite. It's much, much more complex than that, and the constant chanting of "ideas don't matter" just leads to groupthink. For example: what if the bulk of your product is copy (writing) or design? All it needs is a simple account system and framework built around it - the majority of the work is nontechnical . That's not to say that it is easy or simple; rather, the work is just not technical in nature. Technical execution deserves 85% in a tech-heavy startup. Technical execution deserves far less than 85%, probably even less than half, in a non-tech-heavy startup. The OP didn't specify "what" his site is about, but regardless. Now you're just arguing about definitions. "Technical" = coders in 99/100 uses, especially for the OP. Don't forget about chartbeat. http://www.chartbeat.com A few things I'm doing/done: 1. Selling random stuff on Craigslist and Ebay. Say, that bike trainer is really cool, but I haven't used it in awhile, and I should go ride outside anyway. Ditto for every other non-essential item I own. 2. Setting up a few minor content-type sites. I wrote a bunch of articles awhile ago and never did anything with them. I'm spending this weekend setting up a simple wordpress site to host them. Not going to make me rich, obviously, but anything helps. 3. Start a minor side business. If you can figure out a way to spend an equal amount of time (say, 20 hours/week) and make more money than a comparable random job, do it. You'll learn more and it'll look awesome on a resume. (I'm doing this too). 4. I've looked into using AirBnb to host. Not sure if I will end up using it, but if you've got the space (and the comfort level) you can definitely pay the rent with it. I think that's the point - Musk is running both successfully. Trying not to get hit by a car (I ride a bike.) I'm not fan of the public school system, but I don't think it's that simple. Mainly, wouldn't home-schooled children (and their parents) presumably be more concerned about their "education" than your average family? The fact that they are homeschooling their kids, rather than dumping them off to the school system, seems to suggest this. If that were the case, these students would probably get a higher quality of education even if they were forced to go through the system. It's this same flawed argument that always comes up with college earnings. (College grads are more successful, therefore you should go to college.) Isn't it likely that those who are likely to enroll at a college are more driven, potentially-successful people to begin with? I posted this awhile ago on a similar Ask HN. It's probably not relevant if your site is really community-driven, but it might be worth thinking about. --- Reframe your site so that you don't rely on the community to power it -- make it so each user can use the product to its fullest extent without a single other user. We had this same problem during the early planning process for our (currently just my) startup. Ultimately we realized that we were looking at the problem the wrong way. Instead of making the tool community-powered, we made it individual-user-powered. This lets us be "successful" with far, far less users. 1. Where will most of your customers come from? I get the feeling that (potential) 37signals customers first go to 37signals.com, then to highrisehq.com from there. 2. Who are your customers? If your business is consumer-focused, I'd probably try to find a .com. B2B or to tech-savvy people, on the other hand, probably wouldn't mind GetXApp.com. I am in a similar situation (20 years old, semi-dropping out to start a company.) Here's my advice/what I'm doing: 1) Don't drop out entirely. Being a part time student allows you to still access most of the university resources. Many of these can be very valuable. 2) Don't drop out to work on your project. Start planning what you're doing, begin to work on it, show it to people, and then drop out once it looks promising. It's tempting to drop out right away, but if you have no plan, no skills, and no money, it's a recipe for disaster. It's also expensive; paying the rent and food is no fun and occupies my mind too often. 1. Brush your teeth in the shower. 2. Listen to podcasts/news while cooking, working out, etc. Never only watch / listen to a show, always do something else simultaneously. But do you think the "vast majority of kids" take that as their main reason? No, but many adults take it as their main reason, which leads to more potential "role-models" becoming police officers/fire fighters, which leads to more kids wanting to be like these particular role models. Example: kid grows up admiring his uncle the fireman, who has nice things (always employed) and makes a difference in his community. His uncle might have simply taken the job because of the benefits mentioned in the grandparent post. Kids don't necessarily need to know the labor benefits of a job, but (I think) they know the types of people that take these jobs, and want to be like them. Of course, it doesn't mean that they'll actually become firemen, but we're talking about the "what do you want to be when you grow up" question, not necessarily what they end up doing. Very, very true. A friend of mine is considering the military, largely so he gets more experience and a better shot at a firefighting job. Have you tried looking for angels through your potential customers? As in, ask your (future) customers if they can introduce you to a VC or angel. Even as an American, I still love to read about others' views of America. A little narcissistic, maybe, but I think it's more like getting another pair of eyes on something you look at everyday. That's a good thought. Maybe the plan should be to launch one quickly, get traction, then hire people to help you with the nitty-gritty while you slowly start working on the second idea. 1. They both roughly have similar timeframes. 2. One targets entrepreneurs, while the other targets virtually everyone (consumer-based.) The former is SaaS, while the latter is free to start but costs more to remove ads/add features. It doesn't necessarily need a lot of users to be successful (not something like Facebook) but the experience of the site is better with more people. 3. Both have virtually no competition and solve significant problems. Sorry for being so sneaky and vague about it, but there's nothing out there like either of these ideas, so I'm a bit hesitant to broadcast on a savvy community like HN. I would, but: a) there's nothing that solves either of these problems b) they aren't new problems and have been around forever c) technically, they wouldn't be very difficult to implement (they aren't technical solutions to these problems). I've talked to multiple people offline about both ideas, so I'm very certain that they are good and will work. I've been working on the one for about 5 months now, so this isn't "just an idea". I'd just rather not broadcast them to HN when I'm months away from launching either one. Not sure if you're implying that KR isn't a technical guy (he may or may not be, I don't know enough about him), but with your logic, Bill Gates isn't a technical guy either, seeing that he dropped out of college too (although before choosing a major). Majoring in comp sci = having some technical knowledge, whether you graduate or not. Not majoring in comp sci != not being a technical guy. Yeah, sorry if that came across as hostile. It just seemed like you were saying "he's not technical because he dropped out." I do agree with you in that his major doesn't necessarily mean he's technical, though. A little snarky, no? With all the talk of "save HN", comments like this really don't seem to add anything worthwhile to the discussion. Your previous comment had nothing to do with the disadvantages of the name and everything to do with making a clever, ironic joke, which, by the way, was negative to begin with ("for when it fails".) Unless you think that "Milk" is a bad name because a random iPhone app's name can be used in a roundabout way. I hate to be so critical, but Reddit-style comments like this really don't belong here. Glad to see that the pageviews didn't dip after launch. Question: how did you initially get advertisers? I'm assuming that the $500 ($462 last month) is from your sponsors adhering to something like this: monthly fee = pageviews * $X. Did they pay anything up front, or do you charge at the end of the month? Feel free to not answer if these questions are too prying. [I'm launching a small (side project) content site soon, so I am curious]