I have happily lurked for a year and a half and finally created this account to say one thing: enough with the Marijuana news. This is not reddit. Please. WRT to the article, people have been saying weird things since the economic crisis started. For a truly strange proposition read this[1] Times article where a Western banker wants the application of Islamic Sharia banking to the financial sector: [1] http://business.timesonline.co.uk/tol/business/law/article58... I didn't post it when I saw it first, why? because the news paper took one fringe opinion to bait for viewership. If California passed prop-8 to deny some humans the right for marriage what makes you think it would grant others the right to consume a recreational drug? this is just one politician "planning an 'off the hook' public-relations offensive to attract younger voters, especially blacks and Hispanics, by applying the party's principles to urban-suburban hip-hop settings." With apologies to Michael Steele :-) "eBooks have no manufacturing costs, no inventory costs, and almost no distribution costs. Best of all, it is a GLOBAL business." As long as the topic of your ebook does not appeal to the mainstream[1] [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=516239 I decided to learn Paint.NET "over a weekend" to do some mock ups, ended up spending weeks and actually getting fairly good at it. My advice to you, if you're creating any type of logo, start downloading fonts like crazy. I recommend a site like www.dafont.com (unaffiliated.) The reason? you can find very interesting graphic elements in wingding-type fonts and you can scale them to any size. You will need math unless you want to spend the rest of your life as a second-class programmer. You don't have to wait for your teachers to "teach" you good math, you can start today by reading a good book. I recommend Peter Eccles' "Mathematical Reasoning"[1]; it will teach you how to think logically like a mathematician. [1] http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Mathematical-Reasoning-Pe... Mathematics will give you a language to reason about your problems, and once you have the foundations you can start using algorithmic cookbook-type solutions you find in texts for your own problems. A good grounding in Analysis, Logic, and some basic formal methods (you can ask me to explain what these are) will make you a better communicator with yourself. Along with mathematics you should probably venture more into systems programming. There are programmers who make software for other people, and there are programmers who make software for other programmers. At the risk of sounding snobby, you can probably guess who is having more fun :-) Master your environment. Whatever computer and Operating System you use, tinker with it to no end and figure out everything about it. Systems programmers make Operating systems and compilers, linkers and loaders, debuggers and disassemblers, packet sniffers, and hardware drivers and programming languages. Don't forget to have fun. Most people you see here are doing software for the money/independence. Nothing wrong with that. But you don't have any bills to worry about, so you can afford to actually become a HACKER (in its cool "dark shades and gelled hair" badass sense) you can start to make stuff your friends at school will go crazy over. In addition to maths and systems programming you will also need a COMMUNITY. A bunch of hackers who you can chat with online and show your stuff to. There will be experienced members and there will be beginners, however, your community should foster free participation and mutual respect (don't go to forums where people use sexist and racist language and don't hangout with people who call you "n00b" or some such derogatory terms. Bullies are the least capable hackers, usually.) Challenge yourself. Read books even if you can understand only the first chapter. That's usually a good sign that you will be able to understand the second chapter, if you read the first carefully and did the appropriate research. Browse wikipedia. Lookup difficult English words; not everything has to be technology related, I learned the ABCs of English at the same time I learned programming. You will become good at what you love, so if you love hacker culture, you will become a better hacker. Plan your weekends to have fun. Grab an assembly language text and sit by your computer to type in the examples. You might need to get an older computer and install MS DOS to read most of the cheap books; Windows assembly programming is not fun or easy, but Linux's IS ( http://asm.sourceforge.net/ ) Nowadays, Windows is becoming a more difficult hacking platform, all the cool accessible systems programming level stuff are being done on Unix. Discover Unix. It's a beautiful thing. It's OK to be a hacking snob, if you talk to your friends about what you can do on Unix and brag about it, you will set a standard for what's cool. You will be the trend-setter that your friends copy and if enough of them are interested in hacking you will all compete for brag rights and all will become better for it in the long term. Make something and show it to your friends, either at school or online. That will motivate you more than anything. I know this is too long, but I had to say it. When I was your age and slightly younger, I was a child-militiaman. I carried a rifle and sat up all night for guard shift. I dug a well with my own hands. I collected wood all day and burned it in a whole to make charcoal for cooking. None of that matters now though, by the time I was 18 I was a Unix hacker; that changed my entire youth, I don't even remember being in a war-zone as a child anymore, all I remember is making my PC speaker scream with a buggy assembly language routine and waking up the whole family at 4AM :-) You need to take a look at PAL, a 2D game programming library built atop OpenGL and SDL. http://common-lisp.net/project/pal/ It even has a game written in it already: http://www.cliki.net/Bermuda I use SBCL with lambda-gtk, lispbuilder-SDL and CL-OpenGL. Couldn't be happier. And oh, on Win32 and Linux :-) I use my gmail accounts via IMAP. You can't see me when I'm logged in. There are also hybrid models. A "market place" startup might introduce individuals to other individuals or companies to individuals. In this case there might be a per transaction cost or the startup might charge one party and not the other. In this case, the startup might grow horizontally with the freebie crowd and obtain a large market share, then sell the audience to an interested party for a fee. That's what my startup is doing :-) Do something interesting. My project consumes the whole of me. I go to bed thinking about it, sometimes I get ideas in my sleep, and I wake up eager to implement or research whatever I "dreamed" up :-) It also helps that my girlfriend is on a different time zone and calls me early in the morning for her good-night kiss and chit chat. I designed a Lisp dialect in Arabic, there is Arabic C called Jeem: http://www.jeemlang.com/index.php?page=examples Looks interesting :-) the problem with giving away ideas like is that exposure of your current interests and daily life. A quick glance and I know a bit of your daily life :-) No blog at the moment. I'm trying to save all the big ideas for my startup's blog; the more immediate and/or irrelevant ones I might throw them out to the public here. "Probably most people who read this site can write reasonable code. So what is the problem?" Business is not just code. Ask yourself these two questions: if ICANN or the FSM yanked your domain and the cloud/linode/dreamhost/datacenter went belly up tonight, and nobody was able to reach your website, will you still be in business? that's the difference between a website and a business. The other question: if you invested a few grand and flew to a conference and paid all your expenses to industry cocktail parties, how many actionable contacts are you able to bring? a business idea can be realized off-line. I'm starting out of the DC area with very little expenses. I would move to SV in a heartbeat just to be around people who I can talk to. Being "groked" gotta be worth something. In case you ever need to generate your own data, I found it MUCH better to generate the data according to a clean, debuggable grammar, vs using a "test" database. You can return a spreadsheet with four columns, A, B, C and D for example, where each recordset would have a column-name prefix and to that you append a progressively "increasing" string. One sample recordset might be: (a-aaaa b-aaaa c-aaaa d-aaaa) (a-aaab b-aaab c-aaab d-aaab) (a-aaac b-aaac c-aaac d-aaac) The size of your data would depend on the "width" N of your variable string suffix. In this case N=4 or a dataset of 26^4 when using only lowercase alphabetical letters a-z. Predictable data makes debugging trivial. I'm not sure how that helps you with UI. It goes without saying not to return large datasets via ajax ;-) China has some open WIFI services (I deployed some FON routers in South China.) I have also been to Burma last year, and the biggest risk there is not technological censorship but human snitches. Burma is a massive country, some parts of which are controlled by the opposition groups, but in government strong-holds, you probably wouldn't find wifi, much less an unsecured one. In any case, do not use someone's network to do something that might get them killed. Just store a session ID in the cookie and keep the client state on the server side, indexed by that cookie. No need to make a memory lookup into network transfer. You deal with it by using said 3rd party libraries 100x before you embark on your "current" project. Know your tools well, inside and out, and you're 10x more productive than someone just starting out :-) Also, there is something that has to be said for compromise. Get libraries for the language you know best and you will more productive than if you used a high-performance library for a language you don't know. Start small, and worry about scaling or "going big" later. A whirl-wind tutorial on pitching, for sure. For the uninitiated, the company he uses as an example "ZapMeals.com: the eBay of take-out food" is/was a complete hoax. http://machinist.salon.com/blog/2007/06/22/supernova_startup... http://zapmeals.com/ Scene gossip. Nothing worth reading. What doesn't Sun get? this is a hacker's hack; an Smalltalk implementation in javascript: http://research.sun.com/projects/lively/index.xhtml Read what the man wrote: "Everything you need is in the browser. There is a dynamic language there. It may not be your favorite, but it's not a bad one either. There is also a graphics system. Not the best, but pretty nice. Hook it all up with a simple user interface and you're having fun the way people should have fun with computing. I don't mean just fun for entertainment, but it's creatively inspiring. It makes you want to do cool stuff," Ingalls, for the uninitiated, pioneered the implementation of high-performance Smalltalk systems, including his contribution to Squeak. Wikipedia credits him for inventing the BitBlt algorithm that made bitmapped displays FAST, and invented popup menus. If anybody is qualified to say what is a fun, intuitive programming environment it's Dan Ingalls. ZenCart. > what a whacko. ad hominem. > I should allow you to access my servers and services for > free? You can charge for Free software. If you're using any Free software in your web application stack, if you're using any Free documentation, and Free data sources, then isn't it a little hypocritical of you to lock-down what basically amounts to a component assembly of Free software? > I should allow you to control how you use my resources in > a way that guarantees I loose money? Make all the money you want, companies are making billions out of Free software. And nobody wants to use your server, bandwidth or material resources. However, the _software_ should be given to the people who USE it. Giving the public a freebie web service for now, until you figure out how to sell their information and useage stats to advertisers, does not make your service free. People are typing their twitter logins to little apps that are poping up everywhere. Wouldn't you rather have these web apps open, somewhere in github, with a transparent database backend that you can see is not hoarding any personal infromation about you? > Stallman is a digital socialist. And that's a label many would self-attribute, with pride. > The idea of services (or anything other than direct > labor) that people charge for offends him. That offends me. Fine. Don't use Free software then :-) Facebook can release its entire application platform as Free software and you could not take their user base away from them. I think web developers are over estimating the sophistication of their work :-) "If the source was available, copy cats competitors could spring up and take away market share." Image-editing algorithms are published in text-books. Graphics API for the web (flash, java, canvas, etc.) are published in API documentation. Nothing is secret. If someone copies your GPLed Free software and improves on it you can go and copy the improved version if you want it. If a competitor is blindly copying you, you probably have nothing to worry about (should I elaborate?.) And if your competitive edge can be taken away with cut-and-paste, then you have ALLOT to worry about. Respects. But allow me to add that the great majority of web startups are running on the value of a "social network". Remove the users and the service is worth nothing. You can't say that about shrink-wrap software; even if the great majority of the people don't use it, there is that one or two lucrative corporate or government contract to make it all worthwhile. So in that light, shouldn't the users of web apps be entitled to something a little more than "free use"? Say, a little assurance that the platform they trust so much of their private lives is transparent, extensible, and should the company sink tomorrow, available for replication? What happens when you strike it rich, sell the startup to a Mega Corp and move to Tahiti? The users will be at the mercy of greedy suits who will fill data warehouses with every click, persona and profile of your users, the very same people who made you rich. Arab world. My fiancee is Sri Lankan, I'm Arab. Sup cousin! :-) Represent! I must understand everything thoroughly before I use that API in an "application". In the meanwhile, I try to make as many little sample toy apps as possible. Having said that, learning a new API is made easy if you understand its application doman; see one 2D bitmap graphics API and you have seen them all, for example. I have never received a single spam letter just because I used a toll highway and the toll highway operator doesn't know about every other road I have traveled, every destinations I have driven to or what shop windows I have looked at while I'm driving around aimlessly. ISPs do. You are overestimating the significance and impact of Clojure. The language has potential, but it hasn't stolen mindshare from Scheme or any other Lisp dialect for that matter. People going to Clojure are coming mostly from non-Lisp languages. Lispers are quite happy with what they have; there are standards compliant, mature Schemes for the JVM. Clojure offers nothing to Schemers. It's just a good idea to always have a $20/mo vps unix account. Just far less headache for just twice the price of a shared host. For one thing, it will allow you to have a platform to test several versions of your app; you can run several instances of a web app and use a proxy to direct incoming traffic to one of them based on your own criteria. You have a full blow Unix environment, install every oddball development tool you want, it's just you. So much potential in the title and the opening paragraphs, such underwhelming conclusion. Summary: "Conficker authors, please destroy Facebook, MySpace and World of Warcraft so I can hangout with my friends face to face". How did you overcome NIH syndrome? my first reaction was to reach for Richard Stevens' volumes and write Etherpad over BSD sockets; a mix between (y)talk and nano (note to self, read up on the various buffer management strategies, roll a little transaction layer and shelf this project under "I'm sure I can do that with an emacs mode ..") A "good" reddit submission is a bad article that makes the rest of your blog look iffy. 30k hits in a day, zero registration. Seriously, if you want to make a good reddit submission, take an inflammatory/biased/extreme opinion pieces or research and quote the most provocative part of it as the title of your submission. Almost a whole paragraph. spam. Of course, "DIY" here doesn't mean you personally. If there is an area of expertise you lack, by all means, reach a domain expert for help and bring him or her on board. I wasted 2 months of my life trying to become a graphics artist; my hacking suffered for it, my business suffered for it, and my RSI prone arm suffered it (not to mention the taste buds of everyone exposed to my "art work") SPAM. Don't forget to keep an eye on browser cookies when you surf travel sites. Delete them often, or use a browser that lets you surf in secure "zones". For me it's Attitude Travel and Asia Room for hotels. Shoe string baby. "We are microfinancing platform, like Kiva.org." Complete the sentence. "We are an X platform like Y, but with/without ..". If you can't differentiate your service from a competitor yourself how do you expect others to? Also, name dropping your competition without naming your business is not a good idea. Regarding your query, you're already in the right place. If you want to hire developers try Craigslist. For contractors try Odesk. Usually for me it's just a matter of reaching to people I already know. True, NPR can't compete in the internet for information, because the internet itself is the source of much of the news they synthesize. I can also add that what I value most about NPR is hard to translate to a la carte online format. You see, NPR fits into my daily schedule: I'm doing a certain thing when Morning Edition is on, another thing when Diane Rehm or Kojo Namdi is on, yet another thing when it's time for Market Place or Wait Wait Don't Tell Me, or This American Life or All Things Considered. During those times I'm probably driving, at the office, or doing household chores. NPR on the radio allows me to multitask. NPR on the Internet will have to compete with my work, which is on the computer, my visual entertainment (Hulu, Netflix) which is also on the computer, and also compete with incoming mail and other electronic chores. Allocating an specific time for "NPR" and hearing my news programs out of order at different times isn't just the same. I listen to NPR when I'm overseas, and my listening schedule mimics the exact broadcast times of WAMU, my local Washington DC NPR affiliate. Morning Edition just doesn't make sense to me after 9AM :-P Mix 1 part bad clone of 2002-era hotornot, add two tea spoons of sexist subject matter, three pieces of non-obvious business or hack value. Stir together under slow fire and add a cup of 43 minute old account and half a slice of URL submission without a paragraph of introduction. I will not feel bad for flagging this as SPAM. 1) Escrow based freelance sites are a scam. Rentacoder is an outright scam. Odesk will have a little nice timer on the desk and the project owner will be able to track your progress as 1second precision. Too micromanaged. 2) There is nothing inherently precious about an "American Programmer", Yourdon's 15 year old polemic notwithstanding. 3) Craigslist. Nice portfolio. Cocktail parties. You will end up doing software, hardware and websites, prepare for that. You will end up moving to the business side of things, asking management types what they need done and you will be writing tens of emails a day in correspondence, meeting people face to face and juicing software requirements out of one off-remarks that people make. You might also end up becoming an integrator or procure hardware and software licenses. Just don't expect to write fancy systems software for a living and brush up on your PHP and system administration. It's a million-hat job. "we just wanna try if this could work" You could have known if it could "work" the moment you edited the source code of your web app and hit reload of your browser. Elementary one-table database backed web app. And if you mean commercial success or wide appeal, you have hotornot to look at. This sexist submission is reddit-grade my friend. I suggest you retool it as a clearinghouse for supporting women in politics, at least you get to keep the domain then. "how can I do a paragraph of introduction, you mean just a first comment?" You should see an edit link right next to your story submission. Click it. The two little text input areas are for title and link. The slightly larger textarea is where you put your summary. A little background would be nice. Here is a list of all the recent CL computer gigs in NYC that demand only a local candidate: http://newyork.craigslist.org/search/cpg?query=local Cast your social net wide and deep. Talk to everyone. Usually you start your freelancing career with accounts you get from previous employers, coworkers or people in your daily life who know what you do AND that you're available for freelancing work. Here is a tip: instead of just reading the available jobs section, read the services offered section. What might seem to you as "competition" might just be someone with complementary skillsets. Partner with them. Try a post like "software engineer seeks competent business person"; grab everyone who replies to you and kick some ideas back and forth. Offer them hefty cuts and they will go out and source you a project. Scratch backs and offer kickbacks. Most people just need a "computer guy" and they have no clue what sort of service they need. Offer free consulting help ("hey, let me come with you for that meeting, I can suss out the guy for you and see if he is really good", etc.) Once people consider you "their guy", they will turn to you for help. However, it takes ALLOT of fucking socializing, chit chatting, catching up and going out for coffee and beer. You're gonna kiss the REPL and that debugger good bye for a few months my friend. P.S. Don't hesitate to take a side white-collar gig (sales, support, billing, etc.) you will get some killer domain knowledge, make contacts, and you can always resurface as a software developer when you know of their needs. Right now, in this economy? I wouldn't hold out for that $120k C++ Architect job that we all had a while ago. Cheers! That assumes you want to be at the mercy of HR for the rest of your life. Some of us want to forge empires my friend, do what you can to survive now, but in the long term, prepare to become an employer yourself. "“Slicehost” and “slice” are trademarks of Slicehost, LLC" -- Slicehost.com website footer. I run off of VPS accounts hosted with various VPS providers (vpsfarm and linode.) I don't want my tax dollars being wasted on reddit or twitter. Yes, and according to the article, he runs a Tor exit node. Which is a clone of a Common Lisp search engine ;-) this is how good people are made into cult-figures; please do not idolize hackers, they don't care if you do. Give them a poll with fixed answers and an option to reply in text with comments. There are many times when I wished a site would remove the flashing banner ads and ask me for a subscription fee (this is specially true with websites that offer data; i'm forced to waste their bandwidth scraping their data when I would have paid $19.99/mo for an RSS feed) Some regional newspapers are so bought-out by special interest and industry, it's hard to get accurate market figures from them. There is enough market for paying users who want OBJECTIVE news and market analysis, but the newspapers never offered us this option. It really satisfies me to disappear from the public for a week, hacking away at home, and emerge with a new facial hair :-P over the last year I had elvis side-burns, a Saudi goatee, full bear, thin immaculately maintained pimp beard, and today I have a handle-bar porno mustache :-D Maybe we work differently, but I certainly associate with ideas rather than their originators. The fame of a successful work should eclipse the fame of its author in hacking, unlike other fluffy fields of work like management and self-help industries (hint: the "Linux Torvalds" effect.) I don't know if it's the intention of PG to become a "Get Rich Quick" guru, but to me he is the author of ANSI CL and On Lisp, a decent human being in the same league as Norvig, Kent Pitman and Dick Gabriel. Actually, I like Paul Graham more than "PG", thanks to all this idol-worshiping. Whatever that guy wrote in his blog should have been a private email. Better yet, a personal diary entry in _paper_. A decent human being is _modest_ whatever of his or her technical skills. Successful decent human beings encourage you to think for yourself and reach your own conclusions, even if they're emotional and subjective in their own analysis of themselves or their work. This blind fanfare and celebrity-worship just makes PG look like any other self-promoting guru that you find filing the paperback shelves. Tim Berners Lee is a decent human being. Self-promoting commercial bloggers, faddists, and get-rich-quick types are not, even if they're competent enough to roll out a sophisticated web platform for their self-promotion campaigns. First of all, go to the root of the website and see the promotional weight-loss program therein (no comment.) Secondly, go through the essay again and you will find someone who is attributing his life choices, good or bad, to someone else who he has never consulted, met in person or even corresponded with: > "Alone in my room I rolled on the carpet and screamed “I love you, Paul Graham.” " This is after reading "A Taste for Makers" >"Over the next three years I must have read A Taste For Makers at least twenty times." Biblical exegesis? >" I felt bad because your writings had more influence on me than my own father." Completely unwilling to accept/admit that his life choices, influenced by an external input (in this case PG's writings), are still his own. > "Admittedly I am a nobody compared to you but a part of me was a tad jealous of your success. " No comment. >At this point I figured you had completely lost it. Your stature as a guru was toast! See, he wants a guru. I understand your point and your compassion towards others. Thank you. But this is "Hacker News", not "Self-promoters and gurus anonymous"; I'm sure allot of people enjoy and benefit from reading Dr Phil, Napoleon Hill, or the Rich Dad Poor Dad guy. Just not me. PG will have to speak for himself, imo; does he want this place want to be a fan club, or does he want it to be a peer moderated discussion forum for entrepreneurial hackers? I have noticed that in the people I have been pitching my startup idea to. Thirty seconds or so and they would "lock up" and stare blankly. It took several iterations and beta-testing on friends and family until I formulated my pitch into a 3 minute high-level interactive approach. E.g: "We all use the web and love it. Oh man, this is my favorite website, I'm gonna do X and catch up with Y, but look! [problem description here]. [explain the aggravation caused by the problem. [real numbers about the loss in productivity or lost sales potential]. [projected growth in my industry, a quick highlight of what's out there and how we're different and better]." Then I go into the project description and everyone is delighted at that point. To engage the people ask them questions. Instead of "we all do X" say "don't we all do X?". Instead of saying something is a problem for you, say "is it just me or does X bug the hell out of anybody else? [then look the audience members individually in the eye]" Participatory learning is something good teachers and salespeople have known for a very long time, as far back as Socrates at least. Absolutely phenomenal find there c00p3r. The paper in question is here " rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programmer%27s_Stone">here&... . Any more pointers on the psychology of programming would be nice, folks (I know there is google, but I want to crowd-source that searching and vetting ;-) don't worry too much about numbers on a website. This is mostly for corporate, assembly-line production type shops. For hacker-shops and startups: use what you know best first, then look around for something that does the job best and learn it on the side. For me, I hack in a language that absorbs all other languages and development methodologies and fashions them in its own image. (Lisp hackers have the smug look on their face, like that playboy bachelor you see in the morning who is just itching to tell you about his "last night" story ;-) This should be read in the light of the National Academy of Sciences' report on forensic science which condemned it as unscientific. http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-na-crime-science19-2009... "With the notable exception of DNA evidence, the report says that many forensic methods have never been shown to consistently and reliably connect crime scene evidence to specific people or sources. "The simple reality is that the interpretation of forensic evidence is not always based on scientific studies to determine its validity," the report says" From my own experience, I can tell you that all American hand-writing looks the same. Elsewhere we were taught to write neat cursive penmanship, while Americans prefer big, clear handwriting. I found "abstract NLP", specially their use of Chomsky's work, a bit of a voodoo. I have worked through Bandler and Grindger with a pencil for months, and eventually became disenchanted with the faux-science aspects of NLP. People who download movies/music/games do not edit the content to make themselves appear as the creators and artists. Quite the opposite, warez releases usually come with a synopsis and background info on the distributed work. Does anyone know if something like this exists for C? It would be nice to be able to call it from $LANGUAGE. When I was single I hacked for hacking's sake. Really hard sexy problems. Didn't care for the world. That also meant keeping a dull, soul sucking job for the sake of bills, and rushing home in the afternoons to do what I love. Now that I'm in a loving, supportive relationship; we decided to pool our resources and each of us pursues our dreams. I am working on my start up, she is a singer, we have money coming in and we're saving allot. Sometimes I freelance on the side, other times she does a corporate gig. It's good to have someone coming home to you to ask you "honey how was your day". How else are you supposed to edit that research paper before submitting it as your own? Get into the semantics and formal methods side of things and you can pretty much "learn" all programming in ten grueling years. Start with lambda calculus, combinators, basic one-step operational semantics to reason about virtual machines, move to large-step operational semantics for the academic hand-waving, taste a little axiomatic logic stuff and proofs, maybe dabble in prolog-type resolution and inference, backward and forward chaining, take a deep breath and study a little syntax theory, mess with turing machines and automata, maybe pickup a little "actual" machine and write a compiler for a clean Algol dialect, say, Scheme (oh no I didn't just call Scheme an Algol dialect!) Yeah, like I was saying, do your first Pascal then do a little Lisp, like Scheme (wtf? didn't I just call scheme an Algol dialect? what is it?) By now you're pretty much ready to mess with early Lambda papers, but before you start, grab Wilson and read up on Uniprocessor garbage collection techniques. Yeah, you pretty much ignored languages without automatic memory allocation, but you aren't missing much; ones with block structure and no heap allocation can be done with a strict stack discipline, pick up Hennesy and Patterson and play with SPIM, you targeted MIPS in your early pascal compiler right? right? And Algol type languages that need dynamic allocation usually need it for datastructures, and not executable code, so you wont have to worry about closures, again, read up on Wilson and implement that with the Unix brk(2) system call. Big boy! (or girl!) It's time mess with a few real systems; you look at GCC and it's a mess, you opt for LCC and it's a well documented toy, you get bored with C and discover Common Lisp. Without even trying, you pretty much learned a bunch of scripting languages and tool syntaxes just to get things done. CMUCL keeps you busy for about 2 years during which you realize you're not really done with programming. So you "learn" denotational semantics. No one ever learns denotational semantics, not even Scott and Strachey. As a matter of fact, you didn't even learn lambda calculus when you said you learned earlier. Time for Barendregt! the big yellow book that falls apart in your hand. Worst binding ever. You spend six months in the first two chapters. By now you have memorized CiteSeer, you have grown an afro and you're pretty much feral. You go back to fuck with combinators and you're side tracked to term-rewriting and all that jazz, stuff wacko British guys come up to milk Red-Brick institutions for grant money. Graph reduction is your next step and by now you're tethered to your last neuron, stretched thin. You're sick to your stomach of all this theory. You think more than you feel, so you go back to the basics and learn yourself mathematics .. but your ten years are almost over and you're still not a programmer. You know everything and nothing. You can hack on machines that haven't been invented yet. All this hasn't prepared you for a career in web development, and now you're a lamer in SitePoint forums begging people to teach you CSS and Photoshop. The joys of being a startup hacker. [Edit: inserted line-breaks for the meek] Web development will expose you to the worst parts of programming: bug-compatibility, broken non standard-compliant systems, bad layering of one type system over another incompatible one (session management over state-less HTTP), and finally primitive edit-and-reload development process. If you start with desktop application programming, even console programming, you will see what the fuss is really about. Once you have had your few years of honey moon doing stuff for fun and learning proper systems engineering, you can move on to developing web applications. Ahhh fuckit, just learn PHP and you will be gainfully employed for a very long time, plus you will make useful things for other people. Also, avoid talking to people like me :-P Tietelman was also famous and ran his own Lisp machine company, InterLisp, and probably had wads of cash and the social clout to push whatever he wanted. His Lisp with English-like syntax had a Futile And Ill Life. CMU/Apple Dylan; they wasted a perfectly good CLOS successor and a kickass user-interface framework not to mention a great type-system, on a non-Lisp syntax. The rest, as they say, was history. An obscure and long forgotten history. Lisp doesn't like to be dressed up. No doubt he can sell well, but how in touch is he with the customer-support side of the company? is he aware that his products are lousy and inspire anger among its users, and there are bright minds working hard to deliver a better product, and would have much sooner, if he didn't smack them down with patents? That Microsoft comment is both trite and undeserved. Microsoft doesn't particularly sell "garbage"; no, it undercuts application vendors for its platform, copies their products, delivers a freebie/cheap knockoff to the market to compete with them and drive them out, but works very hard to improve it as time goes. Microsoft is evil but it's not incompetent. Sometimes it even puts its market dominance to good use; MS whipped hardware vendors into shape and gave us a truly uniform PC platform with Plug and Play. Move around. I don't have a "desk", I have many mini work-areas; about three favorite spots at home, as I like to chase the sun and reorient myself throughout the day so the sun isn't in my eyes or against the LCD screen but still nearby. I also take my laptop to cafes, library, or I just drive to a shade in a parking lot with a giant cup of coffee and a pack of marlies to get some work done :-) adsense, common sense! For the uninitiated, Hunchentoot is a multithreaded, complete, standards compliant Common Lisp web server written by Edi Weitz. It dutifuly server 8 "web sites" for me (internal web apps rather, and 2 public facing sites.) http://weitz.de/hunchentoot/ CCL is Clozure Common Lisp, formerly known as Open MCL. A Common Lisp implementation with a native compiler[1]. Clozure runs on various combinations of 32 and 64 bit x86 and PowerPC running the usual suspects (Linux, Windows, FreeBSD, OS X and Solaris) [1] Not to be confuse with Clojure, which is another Lisp dialect that runs only on the JVM. Or Closure, which is a Common Lisp web browser. Or Closer, which is a portability layer for advanced CLOS meta-object protocol extensions. repost. They are making more. With so many people scared for their future financial stability, it doesn't take a genius to figure out that more people are more likely to fall for a "get rich quick" scam. Sex-related spam might go down with respect to male targets also, but you can bet some spam will appear targeting women with "get rich quick stripping online (doing phone sex), etc". Spam and most blackhat businesses are just that, business. The operators are your average greedy bastards, the great majority of whom are technically incapable twenty something men who think "the internet" is still in a dotcom boom. I'm not pulling this out of thin air, all you have to do is lurk in spam boards to see the prevailing mythology; a huge majority of 20-something spammers who want to live the Hip Hop lifestyle and who will do anything for money. They themselves get scammed left and right by everyone from competent systems programmers who sell them backdoored tools to sophisticated mafiosi who open fly-by-night "online banks" to fake advertising networks that lure them into distributing their spam links and malware and then fold just when it's time to pay up, not to mention the ponzi schemes. The life of a spammer is a bitch. If you were dealing drugs you at least have your tangible goods in hand and cash proceeds in the other. Spamming is like drug dealing, except someone keeps your stash and drop-ships it, and another keeps your cash and gives you a metered ATM card, nickle and diming you in every step of the way. So the question becomes, what sort of spammer is making the real money (or the most of it) instead of asking if all spammers are making moolah. And the answer would be, the guys getting paid are not exactly in the spamming business :-) You might be able to get a larger sample size by polling the audience of a related board, I can recommend movie-fan sites. You can also try GetSatisfaction or do the usual google fight with "netflix rocks" vs "netflix sucks". Good luck! We had that with assemblers. Back in the day, the Linux kernel was built with the x86 assembler from Minix (or a clone of it at least) and the rest of the system used GAS. Yep, google seems to have done its deed. Better Summary: AST's rant on Linux. Everybody should know that thread by heart. I figured what it was when I hovered the mouse over the link and saw comp.os.minix in there. iteration and getting system setting stuff are so generic you might as well implement it yourself or write a thin wrapper (in this case iterating over entries in a hash table and getting the OS name) IMO, a good chunk of the java libraries are there to overcome java deficiencies, and don't produce anything grand on their own for other languages. My OS class used his book, my networking class used his book, my compiler class used his book, my distributed computing class used his book .. and by "class" I mean self-teaching :-P AST is a legend and altered my life for the better. I can safely say that I paid more attention to AST's writings on my 18th year on earth than anything my friends or family have said. I had OSD&I and the Amoeba book on my desk, standalone linux with a bad winmodem, and floppies upon floppies of assembly language tutorials I downloaded at an internet-cafe. Life was good then. Code was good then. A "good idea" would be a Lisp OS running on a "commodity" multicore, super-power-efficient RISC processor with a hardware MMU accelerated garbage collection and programmed in SSA-assembly. I started clocking real money, admining unix systems, when I was pimple-faced and fresh out of high school. The trick is to run your own 5k shell-account service and drop a heavy resume on someone's desk :-) You can always do your own things and "get experience", fuck these pricks man. That shows more initiative to real entrepreneurs who want to hire you later. IMO, internship just tells me you did your time being someone's in-house rookie. I couldn't fail. My current project could, but I have gained enough intelligence in a niche market segment while researching my startup that I could start working as a highly paid consultant NOW. Dude, it's a bit too premature for adsense, dontcha think? Also, your summary of the project is too much jargon: "It's technically a Wiki + social networking site, and semantically a crowd-sourced review + social news site." Put that in active tense: "Read, edit and publish news and important stuff. Contact others and talk about stuff" Also, entries have the URL linked to the source. You might not wanna do that. I recommend a URL from the front page should go to a summary page, where people can read and post reviews, and there should be a big button/link where they can go to the original. Having a separate page will help you with .. err, figure that out, I'm not sure I want to go there now that I remember the adsense ;-) Cf. Fred Brooks. Here is his own summary: "The conclusion was inescapable: the problem wasn't Perl or C++ or Java, it was me. I just wasn't a very good programmer any more. Lisp's power had made me complacent, and the world had passed me by. Looking back, I actually don't think I was ever a very good programmer. I just happened to have the good fortune to recognize a good thing when I saw it, and used the resulting leverage to build a successful career. But I credit much of my success to the people who designed Common Lisp." Yeah. I can attest to that. Many non-lisper friends have learned to do very difficult things while I personally remained ignorant of them because I never needed them. This is analogous to how being a fortune 100 CEO is bad for your health compared to being a day laborer; you no longer sweat and work your muscles, you no longer get the necessary daily vitamin D from sun rays, your hands are not as manly and rugged, etc. Yeah, but then you can afford a chartered JetStream to fly you to the Bahamas for 2 hours of Jungle Gym and back. Ron Garret just wishes 37Signals to fork SBCL and get us Lispers some hype :-P McCLIM windows with rounded corners FTW! > Am I crazy to think MS should officially support Facebook You don't need a corporate behemoth to give you an API for a web service. You can bitch about MS withholding binary API for its system calls, but the web is wide open baby! XML protocols are the easiest to implement, no wonder there are clients for all the major languages, and the not-so-major ones: http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Client_Librari... MS is a platform vendor, it can't afford to hitch its wagon to a wild horse like a web application; these things come and go, but the platform stays (even if it changes face.) If you want tight integration of "facebook" with Visual Studio, you will probably have to write your own plugin. Or use an open development environment, even if you target a proprietary OS. Cheers! (decf (cool-factor ruby )) zaph0d, if you know the author please tell him to put a summary of the project in cliki, http://www.cliki.net/chronicity , that way automatic tools like asdf-install can see it. what the hell? this is not "just coming to lisp", it's something someone wrote as a personal hack. I upvoted it and commented to encourage more lispers to post here. Erik Naggum's essay on the subject is highly referenced and cited by people developing time and date libraries for other languages and systems: http://naggum.no/lugm-time.html The premiere text on time and date algorithms IS written in Common Lisp: http://www.amazon.com/Calendrical-Calculations-Millennium-Ed... And here is a taste of what's out there; http://www.cliki.net/TIMER http://www.cliki.net/net-telent-date http://www.cliki.net/local-time http://www.cliki.net/Date-Calc http://www.cliki.net/cl-l10n Jasmina Tešanović is no goddman mail-order bride. On her own, without a USian hubby, Tešanović is exactly the sort of person any healthy democratic society needs and we should welcome her with open arms. Of course, I wouldn't put it past Uncle Sam for targeting her because of her activism. Warlords have their kids and trophy wives here, naturalized and all. > Remember: all else being equal, the simplest explanation is probably correct. Occam's Razor. "In Smart Money Magazine's 2008 Broker Survey, Smart Money named Zecco as one of the worst in the customer service category. [6]." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zecco.com#Criticisms Very good Chaitanya, welcome aboard yar! :-) For web apps, reframe the "coming soon" procrastination crap and stick a little text entry where people can leave their email "to be the first to try" or get an invite. Less under-construction orange cone blocking the road, and more like an exclusive concierge to RSVP for a velvet-rope event. Plus you collect leads :-) holly adsense-laden batman. that site is unreadably over stuffed with ads. Look, if you can't sell your startup to your parents how can you expect to sell it to others? I upvoted you but I disagree wholeheartedly with your google invocation: No, Larry and Sergey never expected their startup to become what it is today. Your small-step success feeds into your ambition; it's one they nailed search that they have started to visualize bigger and bigger success, then execute it. You might also be interested in "The Little DOer", Friedman and Felleisen's guide to imperative programming with the Algol family of programming languages :-P Write algol languages with sexp syntax and you pretty much cut your compiler hacking in half (just focus on semantic analysis and code generation.) You can further cheat and write a short and tidy attribute grammar for a tiny block-structured and well documented dialect like Oberon, and your grammar will be 1:1 translation from production rules straight to assembly language. No optimization, and certainly no intermediate representation. What you're left with is a clone of the first Turbo C without dynamic memory allocation (just static allocation with a strict stack discipline) Then you can run around and say you're a compiler hacker. That's how I started :-P No kidding, Spain has great Mexican food. England the best Curry ;-) It wouldn't have any of the following: First class continuations. First class lexical closures. Automatic garbage collection. An explicit Eval function. Explicit READER and PRINTER functions for builtin parsing and serialization of code and data (not sure if Scheme requires these, but they make a lisp Lisp) A full numeric tower. Hygienic macros (or any macro for that matter; CPP doesn't count) Symbols as datatypes. An interactive REPL. Tail-call elimination. Variable-argument procedures (with no kludges; va_list, va_start, va_end is not the way to do it.) Delayed evaluation constructs. Multiple-value returns. Quoted forms (a sexp syntax does not necessarily mean QUOTE is available.) We Lisp2 hackers might pick on Scheme for its Algolishness, but that doesn't make it any less of an excellent language. Scheme is a purists wet-dream come true and a fine Lisp dialect, albeit an algolish one ;-) The new entrepreneurs you're meeting are probably working in markets that aren't established; you can't plan for what you don't understand. The best you can do is make something that's good NOW, but be prepared to change your product if not your mission as the circumstances dictate. Flickr should have higher quality "artsy" images than all of them, imo. Anon84, you have been churning out some good links lately. What is it? hack mode? beautiful isn't it? :-) [sorry, had to make a private remark publicly, to someone I don't know because HN doesn't have messaging. just had to acknowledge that Anon84, and others like him, has been keeping the place more "hackish" and less TechCrunch-fluff.] Based on that research, I guess my next startup will end all home work and help people "be there" (wherever their friends are hanging out) instead of working. From my experience, the bland prose that begins with "Hi, my name is X and I'm .. from your town/neighborhood" is absolutely killer. It performed better for me than an expensive copy I paid an agency for. I'm doing the same right now. Massive scraping plus "gisting" or document summarization. You're pretty much on the right track; half of those papers are industry standards (my browser marked them as "visited" automatically :-) start with LSA: laten semantic indexing, if you want information gisting/summarization. i'm not worried about IR because I use a good search-engine library: Montezuma, and it's in Common Lisp. It's Java clone is called Lucene :-) There is nothing wrong with the human body; don't fear it. I just skimmed through their manual[1], which by their admission is "under redaction" [2]. Here is what I read from the manual and the tutorial[3]: The language looks like C++ in syntax, which means it should be readable to Java, JS and ActionScript programmers. This is specially true of the class-based OOP they implement, where a class definition lexically encloses all instance variables, except maybe for methods. Nice seems to implement generic-function polymorphism, or multi-methods. Methods can be defined outside the class they act upon, but unlike C++ it doesn't use a scope resolution operator but dispatches on the argument type. [my suspicion is confirmed upon further reading]. It has parametric classes with the same exact ugly syntax of C++ templates. It is strongly and _statically_ typed; the later making it less-nice for people like me. Nice is apparently embedded in Java. But unlike Clojure, it doesn't target the JVM with its own compiler, but seems like a source-to-source translator to actual java code. You can cut and paste java code into the bodies of Nice methods! It has enumerated types, aka enums. They completely don't understand what "variable argument functions" mean. They confuse variable argument length, with optional arguments, with arguments with default values. (at this point I would have thought brushing against Lisp would be a prerequisite for designing programming languages; they betray the Alan Perlis quote in the opening of their manual.) They have some assertion and design-by-contract constructs. The manual says their assertions are just like java's, and give a trite example of displaying an error message when an assertion fails (no hint of first-class conditions here, a la Common Lisp's.) On further reading, their asserts and contract stuff is strictly for "dying"; no means to recover from conditions or how to return to a handling point up the call chain. Their implementation of tuples just looks so horrible; again, would have thought a language designer would know at least one ML dialect, and see how tuples should be done. The arrays are your usual algol arrays. Nothing about adjustable array with fill pointers, a la Common Lisp. Nothing about a type hierarchy that points to arrays being of a sequence type, for example, so you could use sequence operations like LENGTH, INDEX/NTH, SORT, FIND, etc. on various datatypes with the same interface (lists, tuples, arrays, vectors, etc. all satisfy a common denominator of sequence operations; they should be layered.) Look, a masochist can only hurt himself for so long before reading the Nice Manual becomes unbearable. I might have reached my threshold :-P [1] http://nice.sourceforge.net/manual.html [2] ibid [3] http://nice.sourceforge.net/language.html All the newsletters and business-mailings I subscribed to, but ignored for years, became handy as case studies to see what marketing format works and what doesn't. If you kept getting pricelists from manufacturers/vendors, you easily track the market growth of things and gain valuable insight into the direction of a niche market. This is specially true if and when you pick up AI and data mining as a side hobby and you suddenly figure out ways to infer business insight from large corpora. I say archive them to separate folder and keep them away from your inbox. Sometimes marketers make a mistake and CC thousands of people. Instant targets for your own marketing. I "pitch" ideas to everyone and anyone who will listen, specially if I know they're entrepreneurs, I will flood them with feedback and can spend the night visualizing ways they can improve their business, etc. It's good sometimes, but it mostly overwhelms people. I am also known to express dismay whenever a friend tells me he will take/keep a full time job. A few days ago I was at a party when I ran into an old gym buddy. I knew he was a pharmaceuticals post graduate then and I wanted to kick back and forth a few ideas someone else raised to be about starting a medical software business. My friend said he was working full time at his university and he wasn't interested in losing that lazy but paying academic gig. It really ruined my night and I kept trying to talk him out of it. Sometimes people will come to me with ideas and I will take them and run with them. The next day I would have been exhausted all possibilities and now I have several pages of business analysis in my notebook. Only problem is, people usually "have" ideas but they're not convinced of them. It than falls on you whether to put the 4 weeks of coding necessary to launch the service and start marketing it and make $, along side your other projects in the little time you have. It's a judgment call you have to make, and I always choose to ignore it and just apply the lessons I "learned" to my own projects. Ideas are cheap, just make sure you're not telling them to an _executioner_ if you're not yourself a taker. You will waste his time and put him in a moral dilemma when he finds out you're the one dragging his feet. My "website" is a digital brochure for my business. Ask me how I make money from brochures if you want. Probably SLIME, though I have never seen a shot of the window borders or any of the emacs decorations. If this was indeed Emacs, the author doesn't seem to know of the M-( parenthesis matching keychord. You can see him type the opening paren, types the code which is autocompleted just find, but he also types the closing paren manually. M-( will give you matching parens and put the cursor in between. What do I think of sun-bathing as an alternative to the wasteful water-based shower? What do I think of roofless habitat, living in nature as God/FSM intended and having sunflowers for a pillow? What do I think of human-fur as an alternative to soul constraining fabrics that bind me in slavery to my own comforts. Also, when dipped in animal fat, your nails can be strengthened to sharp claws for defense and excellent hunting tools. It's just a friken, unsubstantiated and abnormal fad. Just like Polyphasic sleep, the master cleanse all liquid diet, and James Bond life-style advocated in the 4 Hour Work Week. These are extremist ways to alter one's lifestyle, and it's usually done by people who want MORE than they already have, not people who are forced by circumstances to eat raw foods, or sleep 2 hours a day, or work 4 hours a week or only consume liquid diets. And from my experience, people susceptible to these fads make for awful companions and hangout buddies. Sure, Voltaire might have advocated for the Noble Savage who lived in harmony with nature, but the SOB was writing praises to nature and animal-like living when he was himself collecting royalties, living in castles and rubbing shoulders with European nobility. Integration usually means symbolic integration. Numerical integration of the definite integral is usually referred to as Quadrature, or Numerical Integration: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numerical_integration Good on you taking criticism so well jgrant27, testament to a mature mind. Also, absence of tail-call elimination in the spec doesn't have to stop you from using it, if your compiler supports it. We all love Common Lisp, but usually not "warts and all"; we all end up using our personally "attractive" subset. I personally code in Dylan with s-exp notation that happens to compile under SBCL :-) It would be like real-life; anonymity is the third pillar necessary for The Greater Internet Fuckwad Theory: http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2004/03/19/ HN is the first "community" I have ever given my real name to. Frameworks? really? how about a list of positive words, string concatenation, a random number generator, and a hashtable to store the URLs and their short versions, possibly with persistence. Common Lisp hashtables are transparently persisted with Rucksack, Prevalence, BKNR, Elephant, cl-store, etc. So here is my take on it, 10 minutes! http://paste.lisp.org/display/78367 P.S. how does one post code in HN? Sorry, didn't mean to jump at it like that. It's just URL-shorteners have been annoying me lately. Just because they're easy to make doesn't mean you should; there is no hack value in them, as nothing new is there to be discovered and no new ground to break; and they have no business value, aside from being, potentially worth BILLIONS as an integral twitter utility for the next generation of enterprise web grids and semantic net appliances ..meh. Summary: Springfield, MA is where it's at. Also emotionally challenged. Because it cheapens you and lowers your self-worth. You are sub-communicating to yourself that you are not attractive and nobody would want to spend their time with you unless you're forking off cold hard cash. To someone with high self-esteem and some regard for the non-utilitarian value of human relationships, that escort/prostitute money can spent on a new cologne and a funny hat and much fun could be had for a whole night at the pub shaking hands and introducing yourself as an eligible bachelor .. with a big broad smile :-) Someone will find you quirky enough to come chat with you, and you go from there. "what happens when one of these girls ends up seriously hurt or even dead?" A replacement of equal or higher quality is obtained from the toy-mill and the customer given a discount coupon for his next service. [please HN, don't be another internet male chauvinist creep den] Stories like these are often a pretext for pushing laws that flood the U.S. market with cheap foreign labor. If you're hurting for a niche expertise and can't "find" someone here, fine, open an office in wherever you think the grass is greener talent-wise. Google can afford that, right? I think I have a better use for my startup capital than an immigration lawyer; plenty of good people here, I mean, after all, they only built the greatest economy in the world. If any American wants to down-vote me for this, just go ahead and try to get a _job_ overseas. Your ass will be chewed by local taxes, foreigner taxes and nationalist laws. And I say this as a _recent_ U.S. national; I came here with just a carry-on bag and $50 when I was 16. "Yes, you’re right! It looks remarkably like the “with” control structure available in Delphi/Pascal and VisualBasic!" Those who do not understand Lisp are doomed to reinvent it, poorly. :-) Fairly good intro article though. Very cool, shows allot of personality and a sense of humor. Don't take anything less than a top-notch "internship", somewhere you can learn real-world project management, marketing, planning, etc. A small shop will just not use you to your full ability .. unless it's your own startup "small shop". Good point. One way to do it might be to reify the object instance pointer to a first-class argument (usually the first.) Another way is with a dynamic variable self (might be preferable, since you don't have to break function signatures.) Yet another option might be with a custom method combination, which is overkill :-P Any other ideas? or am I too off the ball park? Having my server in California crash while I was in Siem Reap Cambodia, and the only way I could get to work was turn off the AC in my room to get a better signal coming from the WiFi at fancy-hotel next door and opening the window. It was 3AM and I had sweat dripping down my palms and wrists that I had to lay toilet paper over the keyboard and mosquitoes buzzed at my ear and neck nonstop. I had to fight with an aggressive postfix filter that kept sending mail to a lisp process and did no error checking to see if Lisp ran and processed the mail. I had to remove the filter, and manually rebuild stuff later after I had the system running around 12PM the next day. It was one day in hell, taught me that the unix errno and process exit status can be a fucked thing to debug if you're forking multiple process from a script. [Edit: right now I'm coding sitting on the toilet seat, with my pants on, because I'm a moody SOB and like to move around the house as the day passes :-] FFX: Right click -> View Background Image Here: http://www.quinncoincorporated.org/screenshots.php I had to do a little snooping first, only because their "donate" link figures so prominently on their site that it triggered off my scam detector. They're a legit non-profit founded by a couple. Fine photography by Edi there. Yes, but if any other vendor decided to implement a half-assed and incomplete subset of a spec and tacked the name of the spec on it, you would be jumping in anger. MS's POSIX compatibility layer gets all the ridicule it deserves, so Google shouldn't get away with calling a bad subset of Java "Java". Happy. Baby Rudin will soon be taught to babies, and the world is better for it :-) I see you don't forget URLs. You are right you're wasting time. Image processing is not the sort of a thing you can pick up on your own "to get work done"; it's extremely demanding and actually fun. Just hire someone. If you're prone to falling into "hack mode", learning this stuff will not help you one bit. The problems are far too interesting and encompass wide areas of research that are guaranteed to please everybody; low level bit manipulation, file formats, numerical methods, signal processing stuff with filters and sampling, wavelets, edge detection, rank, laplacians, convolution, dithering, ray tracing, morphology, neural networks and other genetic learning algorithms, heaps of inner-loop and vector optimization, scene detection stuff that make use of ray tracing plus interesting data structures like octrees, statistics, information theory .. in a nutshell, it's something to give up work, wife and kids for. Don't ever let curiosity drag you into that tar pit, hire someone. Don't worry, it's just Western hypocrisy. Dubai is just another fiefdom with oil that hired some good PR agencies and did a few things that pleased "the West." Sure. However, Western patience only goes so far. They will ignore your crimes as long as it profits them, but as soon as they start to lose money they will notice how "barbaric" and "backward" you are. Dubai is a victim of the economic crisis, and people have lost money there, including many Westerners. The people advocating for labor rights in Dubai are not friends of the working man. They're the same carpet-bagging finance parasites that got us into this mess. If their revolutionary spirit and humane conscious suddenly spring to life, it's only because Dubai represents the oriental Other, and with the collapse of its economy the last chord of Western loyalty to its petrodollar was cut and the Western Man is free to attack it, waving Human Rights as a banner. The Western Man can slap a Human Rights bumper sticker on a missile and sleep happy at night, knowing he is delivering his Way of Life to whoever is on the receiving end (the survivors can always accept democracy :-) Read up on what they wrote on Hong Kong in the middle of last decade; the handover to China coincided with the Asian financial crisis and Western media went full out racist and sinophobic. A decade later they were all friends of China and singing its praises, until China crashed itself and now they're decrying China holding so much T-bills. [Edit: Oh, silent disapproval ;-] "The criticism existed for a decade, at the very least. It is true however, that many people are ignorant and weren't aware of "Dubai issue" until now that it's gone mainstream in journalism." If "Dubai's issue" has been known for at least a decade, then why did Western dignitaries, businessmen and the collective Judeo-Christian/Capitalist/Democratic/Western/etc elite decide to ignore, and instead choose to buy homes in artificial islands, shop, work, ski and golf in the "gulf paradise" that was apparently built with "slave South Asian labor"? To this day, it's the White Man that's edging the colored laborers in terms of pay: http://www.arabianbusiness.com/research/salary-survey-report... It's only when the paycheck bounces that the Westerner comes to realize the error of his ways and cries "Equalité". To this day, Google, the darling of your new economy and entrepreneurial spirit is trying to get sponsored by Dubai police to filter their search results: http://www.ameinfo.com/192326.html That's your "Do No Evil". Your words, as Westerners, are worth nothing. Pathetic. [Edit: and yes, I would _love_ to get some disagreeing remarks, along with the obligatory head-in-the-sand down vote. I can't wait to tear someone's feel-good opposition a new one. Hypocrisy has no leg to stand on, and I am more than happy to show you Western hypocrisy crawl on its belly like the wet, spineless worm it is.] What I think is this: People are full of shit, everywhere. I distrust faux-activism, any sort of righteous indignation, and I specifically distrust appeal to morality in the "collective". No group is better than any other group, long live the individual. So now, sho, can I roll you your own joint or do you wanna take drags from mine? "What you are saying is not true. If some individuals (like one billionth of Earth population) decided to buy, shop, play golf, etc. in Dubai that does not mean that everyone on Earth collectively ignored/supported/whatever some medieval regimes in middle east." Except it's not individuals. It's your governments, US and UK, that are propping up every tyrannical backward regime in the Arab world, not to mention minion usurping entities like Israel. The Petrodollar pwns your faux-democracies and you KNOW it :-) 100 years ago the Westerners went into the "middle east" to capitalize on arab oil and take advantage of the illiterate Bedouin. Remnants of this is still seen in Western culture, the caricature of the stupid wealthy arab: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd1D9T1koCI Alas, that's not how it turned out to be. Leaders of the free world are not wasting time bowing to oil Sheikhs, kissing rings and holding hands (need I link to the recent BO controversy?) Bin Laden's family were escorted out of the USA by the secret service few days after 911. British company, BAE, was caught red-handed in bribery to close a multibillion dolars arms deal with Saudi Arabia, and the Sheikhs threatened dire consequences if the UK government prosecuted BAE and got their way. The West and its values are a _bitch_ for hire, and a very cheap one at that. And you know what I think of them when they cry foul wrt to "human rights"? I just think they haven't been paid yet to keep quiet :-) [Edit: P.S. How come I'm the only one here posting links and substantiating evidence? you guys are just content with gut-feeling? ;-] Great article! Unbelievably beautiful essay. Midway through my heart sank in despair, then I was awakened by a logical argument. Well worth reading. Unattractive exactly to whom? "2) could be easily monetized." I think that's a problem there. You want to work on something that's profitable , not "monetizable". I don't like this Anon84 submission. Just a list of book covers that all lead to a framed amazon link with hidden affiliate ID. Flagged. "The event, which started about six weeks ago in the Los Angeles and Philadelphia regions, is an offshoot of Ideablob.com, a Web site that allows aspiring entrepreneurs to post their ideas for a chance to win a monthly $10,000 prize." Fucking aye! that's way better than you could get from any seed fun operation for N "Sponsored by Advanta Bank in Philadelphia, the site has given out about $150,000 in prizes over the past 17 months. Approximately 80 percent of the winning business ideas have related to socially-conscious ideas." Yeeeeeeep! sounds like a GOOD thing. P.S. Anyone in the D.C. area who wants to hear me out, I will buy you a cup of coffee :-) This has come up three times in the last month. No mas por favor! /. is not what it used to be. I have contributed more to HN in the last month than I have to slashdot in the last 4 years. 4chan, overall, might be silly, but /b/ is trolling elevated to an art form. absolutely, the most depraved and nihilistic of all the internet, so much so that it becomes something beautiful. /b/ is the works of Marquis De Sade, John Waters, Roger Corman, Banksy, Cortney Love and Dead Kennedys all rolled into one. (also, throw in Kant and Hegel for good measure, because /b/ operates under its own dialectic.) It's the low points of humanity pursued with ecclesiastical rigor. /b/ will fuck you over in every possible way, for no reason, and you will get up whipping your bloody nose knowing you have made someone else's lulz possible. And what pleasure! As a Somali let me say this: good on you with the fancy guns, please stop depleting our sovereign waters of fish and stop dumping industrial waste in our beaches. One man's pirate is another man's coast guard. Soomaliya ha noolaato! Get a good designer and trust his/her intuition. A client of mine once paid for a logo and 10 days later got two squiggly lines back. How underwhelming! We kept it and sent for the letterheads and other office supplies to be printed. When they came, the thing looked JUST right on paper. Nice, crisp and to the point (we didn't know the logo went into a certain area on paper, it wasn't centered like in our printout.) One logo might look OK on a printout, but imagine being in an office where nearly everything has that logo? The two Squiggly lines had space around them and stood out. Anything meatier and we would have gone nuts. Looked gorgeous on their custom lamps too; they had reading lamps made of a murky glass bowl, except the logo area was see through. The whole thing just looked pro. No doubt, but what you don't hear is that these "pirates" pretty much trained on catching offending ships. This has been going on since 1992, and you didn't hear much about it because the ships they attacked had no reason what so ever to announce the matter and attract publicity. I wonder why? hmmmmm. Isn't SQL a standard? I know Access and SQLite are a bit quirky, but for all the big stuff I stick to the ANSI SQL standard. Well, I did, until I moved to a Lisp object store :-P You have never been acquired have you? Intense talks followed by an underwhelming exchange of goods for money, and you turn around to see your baby relegated to irrelevance by the buyer, passed around between departments and neglected by everyone. You almost want to stick your neck back in and tell them what time she likes to nap, but the door is quickly shut and you're left to ponder what to do with your life :-( One more thing, the pirates are nearly all from the Majeerteen tribe. They are Abdulahi Yusuf's tribe, and he was the former transitional Somali president and American Ally Extraordinaire. Yusuf is the guy who made the war on terror happen in Somalia, and Bush Jr flooded him and his tribe with moolah. He invited Ethiopians into Somalia and did his best to catch and kill Islamists .. Except one thing; Yusuf is a war criminal and made no effort what so ever to separate his for-profit conquests from the American mandated attacks on Jihadis. He dragged the name of the U.S. through the mud and cashed up while he was in power. He was eventually defeated in a fair election by the same Islamists he was fighting on behalf of the U.S. [Just had to inform the dough-eyed voting American with a little bad news about foreign policy that might just ruin his TiVoed episode of tonight's PBS Frontline ;-] You don't need to tell me about Americans ajju, after all, I'm one :-) I understand what you're saying yar, but deeko, things are not as cut and dry as they seem. The story I'm replying to had a phoney "pirates be ware, we have sophisticated guns" vibe to it. The so called pirates couldn't give a shit what you type of guns you have. To them death is secondary, because they have little to live for. We have to understand their motives to combat their piracy (not to kill them): The pirates have two sources of income, cattle and fish. They used to export cattle, but their produce is no longer sold in any international market, because Somalia lacks the federal institutions to certify meat quality and oversee health issues. But they can't fish anymore, because foreign fishing boats have pretty much whipped out their coasts. None of these pirates are committing crime in someone else's backyard. Nearly every ship they took was in Somali waters. I have no sympathy for the pirates, but I understand their cause as much as I understand an Inuit who bombs an oil refiners because, say, the Alaskan oil extraction industry is killing whales and sea lions, which the Inuit needs to hunt for food and fur. Thank you for your compassion, brother/sister noonespecial. Or as we say in Somali, "mahad sanid". Thank you. We have an infant government in the making. It's not much, but it's ours. We had a U.S. puppet of a prez fighting al-Qaeda supported Jihadis for the last two years. But as soon as W left office something nice happened: the puppet government stepped down after the end of its term, and the "terrorists" put down their weapons and actually participated in elections. Now we have something unique: an Islamist president who wants to reach out to the opposition; almost everyone is happy for it, it's really cute. Both were hardliners til Obama came to office; the warlords lost the guarantee of a U.S. funding, and the Islamists lost the existential adversary in George W Bush. So now they're talking. They are making something that will benefit the Somali people everywhere and make the world proud. I, myself, have no interest in following their experiment. I'm an American now. I have a home, a country, friends, and a little thing going on for me that I want to keep. My sympathetic understanding of the pirates' issues, thanks to my linguistic affinity with them, is not enough to keep me interested. I might be Somali, but Somalia's problems are not exactly mine. I can go there today, but I'm ruined for it, I'm the "American guy" now. I hope those still there can turn it around into something pleasant. - Mahmud of Arlington, Virginia. >And nice use of Hindi/Urdu over there. Where did you pick it up? :) I grew up with Amitabh and Dharmendra movies, from Sholay to Silsila to all the classics. The soundtrack of my childhood has been Mohamed Rafi, Asha and Lata. Then came the Khans, Sharuh, Amir and Salman. We loved them in Somalia more than anything else. Then in my teens I moved to Pakistan to study for my O-levels and A-levels and now I sing with the best of them "Sindhi hum, balochi hum, punjabi hum puttani hum .." :-) And my fiancee is Sri Lankan :-P Maaf karnaa yar, didn't mean to be a jerk. It's another Benjamin Pierce project, so you know it has solid theoretical foundations, and it's written in OCaml :-) The one for "LISP" is an idealized Lisp that's just a step above the pure, untyped lambda calculus. See Gregory Chaitin's Algorithmic Information Theory for a slightly more detailed implementation of an ancient but pure Lisp. Heh, I didn't know the original paper of Aspect Oriented Programming has the examples in Common Lisp :-) http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.115.... Kiczales et al. google "debian openssl fiasco" It bored me to tears. The "agent" orientation of the book does not address my needs for AI: data mining and inference. Norvig's companion Paradigms of Artificial Intelligence was a bliss however :-) Give me a link to your code repo and then we talk. Hey, BDB sounds like a tried and true technology; we can't possibly have that in our app cloud. Only the fad and bleeding edge for us. Is this guy serious? he is confusing justice for stubbornness. That was an unusually pleasant and very interesting presentation. Thank you. yeah, if anything, there is more high quality stock photography of food than anything else (except maybe or sunsets and plants.) he can even dynamically set the background based on the searched recipe. A query for a Thai dish should return in nice page with images of delicious thai dishes, of course, respecting the site's branding. You can't really ask for premium memberships when the site doesn't do anything to "fence" the user in. I should feel like I'm in an exclusive place different from all others. Right now I have to engage my brain and tell myself "this is a recipe site, this is a recipe site, this is a recipe site ..." arxiv is not a peer-reviewed "publication" and it's prone to being cooky at times. In terms of profitability, a simulation software would be hard to monetize as "software as service"; anybody technically inclined to want to do simulations will probably have a lab unix flavors, parallel libraries and other goodies to just download your tarball and run it themselves. Simulation is not exactly sales automation, data capture, billing or inventory. Your best bet is to reach out to federal safety and security agency, and sell them a heavily customized version of the tool (usually the problem du jour; few years ago was terrorism, now it's home foreclosure, job loses, etc.) you will be prepared to have a few PhDs on board to sell it to the governments and you might need to reach out to your local governments and municipalities. it makes very little sense to take a product with the name recognition of Webmin back to an incubator. neither the money nor the YC mentoring seem a good fit for them; they could have gotten funding from RedHat, IBM, Oracle or whoever else. And with respect to the mentoring, i don't think the server automation tools like Webmin or cPanel see much love from hackers; their clients and market base are in the shared hosting industry. Hope I'm wrong about this. He has given up nothing. Free software is freedom, and don't forget that 99% of the time people have the freedom to IGNORE whatever you publish and use something else. You can have your closed-down code base where nobody knows your software, and you're just another hacker. You open source it, get users, and you're suddenly a software publisher; all it takes is for one university or corporation to contact you for help and you're free to ask for compensation. If your software was locked down, you wouldn't have had that lead to begin with. Gmail allows you to connect via IMAP and send via POP3; setup a postfix server and filter the crap out of it. See how one man's private hack becomes a movement to take a free optimizing Common Lisp implementation (CMUCL) and make it self-hosting and bootstrapping from ANY Common Lisp implementation, adding unicode, threads, porting to Win32, statistical profiling, code coverage, a massive ANSI regression test suite .. the story continues at http://www.sbcl.org/ Very clean and high-level functional optimization techniques and hints. Erlang doesn't seem to have a way to circumvent the compiler for people who REALLY know what they're doing. We Lispers have high-level optimization guidelines too, sure, but we also have the sort of "feel the bits between your toes stuff", like: http://common-lisp.net/project/cmucl/doc/cmu-user/ The canonical example is in psuedo C: f(x,y) = (x|y)&(x^y) See the x86 disassembly output of that in http://www.cons.org/cmucl/doc/reading-disassembly.html [Edit: HN doesn't do code snippets, shell output or anything even remotely hackish. I tried the three-spaces-before-a-line trick and it doesn't work. oh well] "I never saw in another technology I worked with, a community so dedicated, that provides you support for any questions and also provides extraordinary material for study" You have never seen that many technology communities then. The Linux Documentation Project dwarfs anything that's "software support". MySQL and Postgres both have larger, friendlier, than Rails. PHP and Perl are both huge too. Those are communities. Not individual blogs, not twitter feeds. Communities. Supporting mature, tried and true infrastructure software that runs the world. i dribble a soccer ball in the backyard every time i go out for a smoke, plus the occasional skateboard (yeah, i picked up skating when i was 27!) flagged. fluff articles by someone who doesn't contribute ANY comments: 210 submissions linking to his website vs 2 comments. Flagged! spam blog, flagged. Before you go public, or selling for that matter, make sure your startup is not your life's work. My first project was one I worked on since I was 16 and sold it when I was 24. Granted, it wasn't a startup but a software product, it was to me a combination of high school, college and graduate school. When I sold it and signed the ridiculous non-compete papers, I had NOTHING else to work on. Even the much taunted liberal arts PhDs get to keep their titles; I kept nothing. (sure, I was happy to sell it by then, because I was burned out, but it might have been better to delay the negotiations until I was in a better emotional and financial state and was optimistic about the future.) I know this is tangential to the topic at hand, but had to air my grievances to warn someone else who might be tying their startups with their personal identities. For me it's before and during. HN is a deadly weapon in the hands of a shrewd business opportunist with kickass hacking team/skills. It has been an MBA for me. The transformation from a shrink-wrap industrial software developer to doing web-startups. It takes two different minds; previous projects were hard and very demanding, and they were sold via word of mouth and ads in trade publications. Web business is entirely different. At some point I ran 8 operating systems on 6 different processor architectures. Had to throw it all out, now I'm on XP and Slackware, on two different thinkpads (no desktop in my kingdom) Worse is NOT Better; use a safe and high-performance programming language and learn its foreign-function interface to call out to C and C++. Life is too short for core-dumps and premature optimization, plus you only have two feet to shoot at. The better designed a language the better its development process feels. You can get immersed in a lowly Lisp, J, or Forth listener. Just a little black xterm with nothing else to it, and you feel productive already (never mind the amazing environments there are for Lisp.) BADLY designed and malignant languages have 3rd party tools to augment its functionality. There are things to bolt on, hammer in and stuff to bake into the scaffolding before you stuff in boxes. The C and C++ equivalent of a listener is `cat` or maybe the system-shipped vi or nano or pico. Can you seriously feel yourself getting something done?* * (I will answer myself and say yes; I learned Unix programming over a serial line, but it was not an immersive experience; I had books on my desk and lap and was flipping back and forth to get anything done; a masochistic sort of fun, fueled by the mischievous possibility of breaking into another account ;-) Point taken. Although I personally don't see C as "another" programming language, more like a system building-block, closer to a portable processor binary format :-) When I wrote kernel modules I used C; today I'm writing an in-memory cache for a mulithreaded webserver. It has to maintain user-sesions in memory across several load-balancing servers. It has a multi-stage storage system. It has a queue manager that maintains a private queue for all concurrent users of the system; everything dynamically scheduled in realtime with a bunch of matrix munching algorithms. Allot of intricate stuff that I would have written in C when I didn't know better. I would still write C code though, but only if I absolutely must, as in your case. Regards. My development environment runs 24/7 and I can get to it from ANY machine on earth. ssh me@mysite.com $ screen -x Even the cursor stays where it was between sessions. How can I do that with ${IDE}? "the post-modern "developer productivity" family of languages' lack of core dumps is a bug" Lisp doesn't dump core, it will drop you in a debugger prompt where you can Frankenstein your programmer to life as you wish. Forget Lisp, Scheme and other languages with full continuations will give you the entire run trace of your program in a video tape, where you rewind and fast-forward as you wish. C is not a language whose control semantics you want to brag about. But back to Lisp, here how you "dump core" in Common Lisp: write a handler for the error condition and call SAVE-LISP from there. One line of code, left optional to the programmer. "you still want assert(), and when that assert fails, you don't want an exception" Yeah, it's called by the exact same name in Common Lisp. "Debuggers and profilers are indispensable" My Common Lisp has both a deterministic and an statical profiler. Standard Common Lisp has GC, TRACE, ROOM, DESCRIBE, APROPOS, ED, DISASSEMBLE and TIME among others. Those correspond to malloc/free, gprof, ltrace, man, apropos, vim and objdump; in the friken LANGUAGE :-) Everything is tied together with function called semantics and a memory visible to all; not with brittle "shell" languages and text parsing. The vendor and community extensions will make you weep. There is really no point of comparing Lisp to C; you should compare Lisp to Unix. You didn't read what I wrote earlier, so here is your Lisp core dump: (handler-bind ((error #'(lambda (e) (save-lisp-and-die "lisp.core")))) (YOUR-PROGRAM-ENTRY-POINT)) Autopsy is not that hard with Lisp ;-) +1, no problemo hermano! TI-85 pocket calculator; 6Mhz of Z-80 goodness with 28k of ram, hacked with an assembly language "repl" :-) zshell, how I love thee! Why am I not surprised? All my favorites in there thought a good mathematical background was helpful, if not essential. Linus, Norvig and Gosling are hackers. GvR and Stroustrup are professionals. Dunno about Bray and Thomas. Yegge and Hansson can has cheezburger. Just because a crazy person writes an unreadable book or hypes a kookoo vaporware doesn't make them an acceptable target for mockery. They exist in the fringes of computing, every comp.* newsgroup has a resident bat-shit-insane guy who writes volumes of nonsensical gibberish. Some might even take out an ad in a trade publication. The tell-tale signs are pseudo-mathematics coupled with rich imagery, obsession with patterns and directed-edges, active verbs that don't make sense, agent-based AI and a vocabulary that is borrowed back from Victorian-era science. Public ridicule; he will be labeled a "Norwegian" for the rest of his life.