I appreciate an entertaining advertisement as much as anyone. On the other hand, the most clever way of shoving a boring product down the consumer's throat in recent years seems to be ads like "HeadOn: Apply Directly To The Forehead" and their online equivalents. There were American bombs being dropped on Germany, but that doesn't mean we have an animosity against Germany today. We were allied with the nationalist Chinese—the ones that lost the civil war and ended up ruling Taiwan. And at any rate, America's most major, most trusted ally in WWII and since has been Great Britain. According to Wikipedia, GTE was independent even during the AT&T monopoly. It wasn't until the Bell Atlantic merger that they changed names to Verizon. "The problem with Apple in the 90s was that they stopped doing this. The Mac had a great run from its debut in 1984 through the end of the ’80s, where both the hardware and software improved every year. Then that stopped." Even that is somewhat misleading. The original Macintosh operating system was designed specifically for singletasking on the original Mac 128k hardware--a design choice that hamstrung Apple for years afterwards, and became the root cause of Apple's need to completely replace their operating system. It's not that Apple gave up on incremental development and started on quixotic missions to the next big thing. It's that the system architecture of the Mac OS was years past its prime and Apple couldn't fix it iteratively anymore. Wikipedia's content policies are a fair deal more strict and paranoid about intellectual property law than the law itself is. Hypothetically, just interviewing the candidate at all should be enough, since a job interview is just an opportunity for the candidate to sell themselves. If they're good at sales, they'll sell themselves and make you want to hire them. Interviewing CS folks is hard in comparison because selling yourself in an interview is a talent that has almost nothing to do with making software. It's like they took a credible micropayment system, but decided to make all the micropayments entirely worthless. If you could cash out accumulated "credits" for real money, or earn "credits" for something more substantial than status updates (who's going to micropay you for a status update?), or even spend micropayments on something that's actually useful, it might be the start of an idea. Buying extra RAM from Apple is for the birds, really. You can buy third party RAM for cheaper and install it yourself, no problem. Fourth biggest: US, USSR, and China were the top three. "At least then we can vote the sons of bitches out if they pull shenanigans." This is a tempting argument that people come to when they describe government-run programs in democratic political systems, but it's ultimately flawed. None of us is very likely to, 2 to 6 years from now, vote against the politician who appointed the bureaucrat who appointed the bureaucrat who pulled shenanigans, based solely on that one, singular issue. It would take an irrational level of monomania and obsession to track down the elected official to hold responsible and vote against him with no consideration of who the opponent is, whether he would do any better of a job, or how the candidates would perform on any of dozens of other issues. All of this, of course, assumes that the district in question isn't gerrymandered to the point where any opposition of the incumbent is futile. Even without gerrymandering, I somehow need to convince half the voting public to vote against the guy for me to get his shenanigans out of my life! Whereas in a free market, if Dell pulls shenanigans you can buy Lenovo next time, and it doesn't really matter what the rest of the voting public thinks about Dell's other product lines or how charismatic Michael Dell is on television, because you don't have to put up with his cheap laptops anymore, regardless of public opinion. Health care is a heavily regulated market, not a free market. It's optimized for the profit of certain large firms. A socialized system might perform better, but a legitimate market system would likely perform better, too. It's not the free market that's failed, it's crony capitalism. Or, put another way, crony capitalism has succeeded in enriching the cronies, but failed at serving the consumer. But, as the article says, their "moderate successes" have failed to be profitable. A startup can get away with not figuring out every monetization angle and focusing on developing cool stuff, as long as they're profitable overall. But once the startup hires a non-technical CEO and IPO's, the CEO's job is supposed to be monetization. Sure, some things can be out there to build public goodwill and brand image, but when you're a publicly-held for-profit, "cool technology" is no longer the benchmark for the CEO's success. The first comment notes that the security risk is in the protective relays. Well, maybe. It also carries an implication that digital relays are in and of themselves a security risk. I intern at a major manufacturer of digital protective relays, so I know how these communicate. (None of this, as far as I'm aware, is trade secret.) The purpose of a protective relay is to detect a line fault (lightning strikes, arc flash, the distribution line is knocked down). Upon detecting a line fault, the relay trips a circuit breaker to protect the rest of the grid from voltage irregularities. Relays are located along major distribution lines, and to find the substation these relays are located in, all you really have to do is find a major distribution line (easy enough from the air) and follow it until you reach a substation. There are maps of the major electrical distribution lines, and they're not difficult to find. The "smart grid" depends upon digital relays, but the grid has been smarter than we've given it credit for because digital relays have been around for 25 years. The power industry is very conservative—electromechanical relays worked for decades—so digital relays were a hard sell in the first place. So certain features were added to them. The first was fault location—a microprocessor-based digital relay, even in 1984, could calculate the location of a fault and store that information upon detection. Digital relays were and remain significantly less expensive than electromechanical relays, so they were originally sold simply as fault locators. (Due to cost, power consumption, testability, and maintainability, digital relays have advantages over electromechanical relays anyway, but these advantages weren't enough to convince power companies 25 years ago. Even now, 60% of North American relays are electromechanical, and 90% of world relays are electromechanical.) Over time, more features were added. One feature, developed largely in response to the New York blackouts a few years ago, is synchrophasors. Synchophasors allow a control station to monitor the voltage angles on distribution lines and maintain better control over them. This is a very, very time-sensitive process, but it also requires relays, synchrophasor processors, and computers loaded with control software to be networked together over large geographical areas. I'm not an EE so I don't have a full appreciation of what this means, but it's important. A typical protective relay from a top-of-the-line manufacturer accepts connections over an RS-232 serial connection, but it also supports TCP and telnet over an ethernet interface. Relays will often be connected to a single communications processor that will allow several relays at once to communicate over large areas. These comprocs, again, support RS-232 serial connections as well as networking. If you can access a comproc, you can access any of the relays, clocks, or other devices connected to it. That means you can cause trips, alter settings, and do all sorts of nasty stuff. Which makes it vitally important that power companies do things like change the default passwords and secure their communication networks—something largely outside the manufacturer's control. It's possible (and encouraged) to implement it securely but in practice it's not always done. Code review meetings with projectors and so forth might be a dying practice (I wouldn't know), but there are tools like Code Collaborator that allow for asynchronous code reviews. CC seems to be widely used. Apparently by "Silicon Valley", the Wall Street Journal means VC's. That has some interesting consequences on music quality. I find that pop music usually sounds good enough at first but upon repeated listens gets very tiresome. Whereas good music may sound rather uninteresting at first pass, but upon repeated listenings, one discovers the depth of the song. Were music enthusiasts in the past more sophisticated listeners? Even more provocatively, has recording technology allowed us to create more sophisticated music? Has that indeed happened? There's no real indication from what I've heard that this has anything to do with the economy. Gun sales spiked as soon as Obama was elected. I think Time is trying to fit this into the overall narrative about the economy when, in reality, they're just six months late on the story. The thought processes of suicidal people don't tend to make sense to me, either. Suicide is often a fairly impulsive thing, and suicidal people can be deterred by even slight inconveniences. That's why things like suicide barriers on bridges work. Guns are a very attractive method of suicide—they're rather instant, painless, easy to use, and so forth. I'm in favor of gun ownership, but suicidal people, deprived of easy methods of suicide, will often reconsider entirely. The moment will pass and they will not kill themselves. Of course, some people decide to kill themselves and remain very determined about the process. Not all suicides are alike. As I said, I'm against gun control too. But I'm also in favor of facts, and the facts seem to indicate that having more guns around just might allow more people to impulsively kill themselves. It would also be nice if tree-structured discussions (like HN) were preserved instead of just hacked apart into series of seemingly unrelated comments. Grouping together HN comments without the tree structure would be far less useful than respecting tree-structured discussions but intermixing trees from different sites. I wonder how much longer it is before the looters discover the angel investors and seed-stage investors. While that's true for consumer goods, one would hope that a power company would know well enough to change the default password. I seem to remember a lot of large institutions and techies kept using Windows 2000 for years after Windows XP came out. IM's are too synchronous if the developer doesn't manage them properly, or if the software makes itself obnoxious enough. Email is a better example of asynchronous communication. No, but indentured servants did enter into contracts to make themselves slaves (for a limited period of time) and that's no longer allowed by law, either. I agree with you that "slavery" was a sloppy argument, but indentured servitude is a better one. Of course. iPhones are a fun platform well suited for a single programmer to spend evenings writing apps for. Nokias are a "serious" platform designed for "real companies" to devote teams of "software engineers" to develop software for. It's fine to say that having a PhD in the humanities for the "love" of the subject is enough, but in at least some of the humanities, that won't get you anywhere. Philosophy, for instance, is an ongoing discussion, and unless you're in academia attending conferences and writing papers and getting published in the same journals that everyone else is, you're not really participating in the field. And you can't really do that unless you're faculty somewhere. It sucks, but that's also where the good philosophy gets done, and you can't do renegade philosophy outside of academia without losing a lot of important context and good work. I don't know if it's that simple. Ford didn't ask for the bailout after all, probably because they realized how much leverage it would give the government over their operations. You know how startup founders are wary about giving VC's too much control over their business? I'd imagine automakers (especially Ford, which is still largely a family business) are just as wary about giving the government too much control over their business. And, unlike GM and Chrysler, Ford has the good fortune to be a good ways away from bankruptcy (though from a business standpoint, bankruptcy would still be better than nationalization). Atheism isn't a belief any more than fasting is a meal or a bare chest is a shirt. This argument rests on the misconception (bordering on a straw man) that atheism is the positive belief that there are no gods. That's not what atheism is. Atheism is simply the lack of belief in any gods. There is a difference between "I do not believe that God exists" (atheism) and "I do believe that God does not exist" (so-called "positive atheism"). Some atheists are positive atheists, but for most of us it's at best a suspicion or a working hypothesis, not a matter of absolute, infallible, unquestioned belief. Even if we are to consider the belief that there are no gods, I would still question whether or not this belief depends on faith any more than the various beliefs that there are gods. If you study the history of philosophy you'll find a number of supposed "proofs" of the existence of God. There are also many arguments for the non-existence of God. It's a matter of argument and cautioned reasoning, not faith, whether or not to believe that God exists. Faith is an epistemic position that the atheist does not share. Most atheists tend to acquire beliefs based upon evidence. Just like everyone else, an atheist goes home at night expecting that his house is where he left it that morning. But, just like everyone else, an atheist would be surprised to find that his house had burned down. Yet, after some amount of emotional torment, the atheist would be forced to believe that his house was, in fact, no longer standing. Contrast this with religious belief. A positive atheist, upon coming across some unquestionable evidence of God's existence, would be surprised but would be forced to accept what the evidence has shown. Someone of religious faith would come across unquestionable evidence that God did not exist and refuse to believe it. They would in fact rearrange their entire belief system simply to preserve their non-rational, privileged belief that God exists and will save them from eternal damnation in exchange for their faith. Keep in mind, that is the ideal case. People of faith can be better empiricists than the demands of faith allow them to be, just as empiricists can be more dogmatic than the demands of empiricism allow them to be. But while most atheists consciously choose empiricism (and reject belief in God because there is no good evidence for it), people of faith consciously choose faith. This is the real difference. It's not about God, it's about how people choose to form their beliefs. (OK--let's be more clear here. An atheist can still have faith in something else. For instance, most Buddhists are atheist because of their faith in the possibility of mystical enlightenment and so forth. The real difference isn't between religious people and atheists, but between religious people and secularists. Just as atheists can be religious, secularists can believe in God. Such secularists are known as "deists" and many of them did remarkable things, such as writing the Declaration of Independence.) Let me get this straight--you're bitter because you didn't get hired by a company that evidently doesn't even want you to have any ambition or initiative of your own? I would be relieved if I was in your position. "I claim that many atheists if shown incontrovertible proof that God exists would rearrange their entire belief system simply to preserve their non-rational privileged belief that God does not exist and there is nothing after death." Maybe, but they would be hypocrites for doing so--most atheists will tell you they don't believe in God because there's no evidence for God, whereas most people of faith don't care about evidence at all. That's what I meant by "People of faith can be better empiricists than the demands of faith allow them to be, just as empiricists can be more dogmatic than the demands of empiricism allow them to be." For some reason the health insurance industry has settled on a model of "pay your health insurance company scads of money and pay relatively little for the rationed routine care you get". Since health insurance is a heavily regulated market, I doubt this is the most market-efficient solution. Maybe if you shop around for routine care and offer to pay with cash (or HSA) it won't end up costing as much, and I've seen informal studies done by friends that show, for instance, that certain prescription drugs cost hundreds of dollars less at different pharmacies (once you can coax the pharmacies to actually tell you the price, since they're so used to working within the insurance cartels). It all depends on your health, too. If you have sleep apnea and want to get it treated, that's hundreds of thousands of dollars if you don't have insurance. Probably better to get a full time job for a few years until your apnea is treated. If you have hypothyroidism, you can take remarkably inexpensive prescription drugs and get an annual checkup for cash cheaper than you can get insurance to cover the thing. My working hypothesis is that high-deductible catastrophic insurance is the best solution for broke, comparatively healthy adults. In this model, you're using health insurance as insurance qua insurance, to make sure you don't go bankrupt if a medical emergency costing more than $10,000 happens to you. (This of course requires you to be able to raise $10,000 if something DOES happen to you.) This does nothing for drugs or routine care, and needless to say there is no dental plan. I pay $40 a month for this. I don't get anything out of my $40 a month, but on the same token, insurance qua insurance is something you pay for but you hope you never have to use. An HSA is not a bad feature if you're going with this model. Depending upon state law, you can leave out things like maternity coverage, or get further discounts if you're in good health. A good female friend of mine doesn't have maternity coverage but she is very aggressive about birth control and has no qualms about abortion, though, so I would carefully consider whether this also applies to you or your spouse. I would also hasten to add that if there's a possibility of having more children, the expense of health insurance is not your biggest problem here. In fact, I don't know how well this model works if you have kids. Or how founding a startup works if you have kids, for that matter. Maybe you could. The funny thing is, most of the science on this issue suggests that the "you" that is supposedly fighting either environment or genetics...is entirely composed of environmental and genetic influences. So if there is a "you" that can fight environment, it's the genetic you, and vice versa. And it's not like you're Mister Spock, with one half of your personality fighting a completely different half. It's more like a smoothie, where you can't tell what part is the banana, what part is the strawberry, and so forth, except it tastes like a mixture of both. So really, what you're saying is a lot less coherent than it sounds. You may have the right to reproduce, but as to "who can tell me what I can or cannot do", the answer is always "whoever has all the guns". Whether or not they're justified, the government usually gets to tell us what we can or cannot do, assuming they catch us. This is generally considered a major risk of having a government. By some accounts, the history of politics consists of a conflict between individual rights and the public good. Bottled water is kind of like credit cards—it's a product there is demand for, but it's not in anyone's interest (aside from the bottled water companies) to buy it. Anyone can buy a single Nalgene bottle ($10-ish) and refill it with tap water every day and they'll make back the price of that Nalgene bottle in a week compared to the price of bottled water. They'll also carry their water around in a reusable, safer plastic that doesn't leech hormones. Or they could use a metal canteen or a Camelbak or any number of other alternatives, almost all of which are better than paying for a completely redundant and inefficient water distribution system that involves bottling factories, trucks, and disposable plastic bottles. If I had Newcastle Brown Ale piped to my apartment, I'd criticize their bottlers too. I buy a Brita pitcher and all of a sudden, in my fridge, I seem to have produced a better product than Evian. Or if worse comes to worse, you can get under-the-sink reverse osmosis filters. Bottled water is a good convenience product, but my employer has truckloads of Arrowhead water stored on-site. Why they can't have paper cups and a reverse-osmosis filter on site instead is beyond me. You can also get the type of filter that attaches to your tap. With my Brita pitcher, I don't bother replacing the filter for months after I'm supposed to, and it just filters slower. It doesn't taste any worse and I've never gotten sick. As for refilling it, as long as I have the sink space (no dirty dishes) I refill every time I pour. But this isn't a top-level goal. Someone who buys bottled water wants a drink of water. They can get an better drink of water for less money by drinking (possibly filtered) tap water. Bottled water is a poor means to an end, it's not an end in itself. Using heroin isn't usually a top level goal either. Usually, the top level goal for addictive drug use is to satisfy the addiction. (That's rather recursive, which means there must have been a base-case goal that got the person to use drugs in the first place, but heroin is still not an end in itself either.) I like to think of it as a conflict between different sets of individual rights, such as your right to swing your fists about and my right to an uninjured nose. But there are some tragedy-of-the-commons cases where this model doesn't work out. I think you're missing the point of the exercise. It's like you're assigned a physics problem about point masses on frictionless surfaces and you answer the question by saying it's irrelevant in the real world because masses are distributed over volumes and surfaces are never frictionless. Yes, of course you have to factor in taxes and time and so on and so forth. But that's not what the question was about in the first place. You never see idealized physics problems in the real world either but what you learn from naive, simplified applications of classical physics still gets you somewhere in real world problems. Same with EV calculations. The point is that EV is an incomplete measure of value when it comes to evaluating gambles, not that you have to pay taxes. EV doesn't work on one-off situations, like if you're on a game show with Howie Mandel. Heroin comes bundled with lots of pain and expense and dysfunction too, though. It goes against pleasure as soon as you're without it for long enough, and it also goes against other top-level goals many people have. I don't know many heroin addicts but I know smokers, and in my experience, smokers always advise me not to start smoking because it's not worth it. I'd take that as a sign that smoking does not satisfy the top-level goals of the smokers whom I have spoken with on this topic. In any case, addictive drugs are only an analogy. Yet even in this analogy we can see where top-level goals are often incompatible with the means people use to achieve them. I'd also advise you that if your argument rests upon the lemma that heroin use is a rational means to achieve pleasure, you may have a mistake in reasoning somewhere :) In reality, there are no point masses or frictionless surfaces, either. Maybe you perfectly understand the point and you're moving on to various niggling contingencies. That's fine. The article is trying to explain something more basic than what you're talking about. You're doing the equivalent of butting into a freshman physics lecture and pointing out everything they've oversimplified, which is just plain obnoxious. Build a plant, good question. Run a plant, you get those people from the Navy (which runs nuclear plants on every submarine and aircraft carrier). What about fuel sources? We've hardly begun to explore for uranium—nuclear is a stopgap for 100-200 years that doesn't have the drawbacks of fossil fuel. I don't have an answer for NIMBY, because I don't know politics. I have read the entire thread and I just don't understand the point of your comment. Of course people have to pay taxes and spend time on investments. That doesn't make diversified investing a fool's errand. It's like we're trying to build a go-kart and you're saying "it'll never work because there's friction." Maybe there's friction, and we'll work out what that friction is, just as we'll calculate the post-tax EV of our investments. Thanks for the clarification. This doesn't sound like any Christianity I'm familiar with, and I was raised in it. In fact, to me this sounds a lot like someone is overconfident in their apologetics. Every knowledgeable Christian I've discussed this with ultimately conceded there was a need for faith of the epistemic type, and no room for skepticism. I was hoping for something with the same design sense as: http://hasthelargehadroncolliderdestroyedtheworldyet.com/ Your link is a lot more cluttered in comparison ;) There's a strategy called "structured procrastination" where you overload yourself with work to the point where you can only put one thing off to do something different. One way to enforce early deadlines (well, short deadlines) is to take on another project, get that done, and then for your other project, the deadline is now a couple weeks shorter :) I wonder what would happen if he tried to return the Kindle. I'd go so far as to say that the command line is with us now more than it was 10 years ago. Google is essentially a command line for the web. Spotlight (as well as third party Mac utilities like Quicksilver and LaunchBar) are command-lines for launching programs, which satisfies a primary function of the original command line. As long as we have usable keyboards we'll have command lines one way or the other. (Phones, even iPhones, are an example of unusable keyboards by this standard. An iPhone command line would be less usable than the standard interface for launching apps, for instance, while on my Mac, Spotlight is more usable than the Finder.) I don't like the attitude that keyboards are some outdated relic. Keyboards are the most efficient human-thought-to-language medium ever invented. On even the most simple Notepad/Pico/TextEdit style text editor, I can go from thoughts in my brain to written language faster than a pen, and almost as fast as my mouth can go from thoughts to spoken language. And with far more accuracy than either alternative. If the keyboard is ever replaced, it'll be replaced by something even more arcane and unnatural. Doing away with hierarchical file systems is easier than he lets on. In fact, Gmail has already done this in our mail client. The solution is, instead of having a single static directory structure, you dynamically generate views of your files based upon search queries and user-added tags or categories. He mentioned Spotlight as another example of this, and he's mostly right (now that you can save "smart folders"). But sometimes human categorization is still going to be needed to keep related files together. In the past we did this by making directories. These days, "tags" or "labels" are more popular. But we might want to make hierarchies of tags, at which point you have a hierarchical file system again. There's one advantage—tags allegedly allow you to have the same file under multiple tags—but that's nothing more than hardlinks, and "there should be a better UI for hardlinks" would make a very boring essay. Then again, if we reverse engineer this thinking and refer to "tags" as nothing more but "a better UI for hardlinks", we just might have a good idea for a new filesystem UI. (It also occurs to me that hardlinks are one-way links: each hardlink knows where its inode is, but the inode doesn't know where all the hardlinks are. A tagging UI is going to have to cross this chasm somehow.) From what I've gathered, the real debate is between neoclassical economists and behavioral economists. Behavioral economists are more empirical, studying exactly how incentives work and how people behave in the economy. "Austrian" economics (aside from what was done decades ago, in Austria) only lives on as a pseudoscientific attempt to justify libertarian politics. Politically, I'm largely libertarian myself, but there's nothing more unscientific than turning something like economics into an apologia for anarcho-capitalism. I think economics should be a descriptive science, not a set of arguments for one particular political system. Markets have certain consequences that we may or may not want, and so do certain types of government interventions. Planned economies don't tend to have very many desirable consequences, as far as I can tell, but that's not how most economic policies work anyway. I'm not a good enough economist to give an intellectually honest account of what would happen in an anarcho-capitalist system, but I doubt from a historical and anthropological standpoint that anarcho-capitalism is likely to ever happen anyway. I think you know all you need to know about postmodernism. When I'm typing, I can revise my thoughts more easily. For instance, I just deleted that whole sentence, wrote "When I'm typing, I can go back", deleted the last two words, wrote "revise my thoughts more easily. For instance...". This would be awkward via voice. Some people type thousands of words per day, or the vague equivalent. I hope your ubiquitous-computing future has room for drinking lots of water, because my mouth would get dry from all that yapping. There's also the nice feature that I can sit down and have a nice quiet writing session, or a nice writing session with music in the background. My sound space is either empty or filled with something else while I'm writing. And if I'm in a lab or an office or some other environment around other computer users, I don't want to listen to their jabbering. You're acting like censoring GLBT literature is equivalent to not legalizing gay marriage. That's the rough equivalent of saying that, just because we have a president who hasn't pushed for slavery reparations, "progressive" states like California have disproportionate numbers of minority convicts, and the Supreme Court has saddled us with imperfect affirmative action laws, we shouldn't be surprised about rumors of Amazon censoring black literature. I notice this is the second submission by mattyb from everything2.com tonight. As cool as everything2.com is, if anyone reading this has remotely any work to do within the next two days, don't start traversing the tree of links from interesting everything2 nodes. I say this because I learned, from experience, that if you have tabbed browsing and open on average >1 new tab per page while traversing a site like everything2, your backload of reading material will grow exponentially and your procrastination problem, if you have one, will similarly grow to epic proportions. I fear mattyb has been sucked into this trap. Apologies if this comment is not productive enough. I've always felt that writing code on a whiteboard is a crap way to interview people, and I feel that way every time I'm interviewed that way. At least give me a text editor so my mental associations come back to me quick enough. "Few academic fields have been left untouched by postmodern thinking, and you'll quickly run into it if you're studying art, literature, philosophy, architecture, social science, feminism, political science, and more." Though, if you're studying philosophy in the analytic tradition (most English-speaking philosophy since the turn of the 20th century), postmodernism and its antecedents in continental philosophy have been consciously rejected in an attempt for greater linguistic precision. Business cycles are well understood in neoclassical economics, too. The Depression started 80 years ago. That was before the advent of econometrics, before monetarism, and even before behavioral economics. What have the Austrians given us since? Behavioral economics is a lot like Austrian economics (it bases economic theory on human psychology) except better (it uses empirical measures of actual human behavior instead of unfalsifiable first principles). Austrian economics, 80 years ago, was an innovation. It had its influence, particularly in the marginal revolution, and we moved on. Since about Rothbard, Austrian economics has been more about "let's come up with a nice-sounding argument for anarcho-capitalism" than "let's study how the economy works". I write all of my code with a keyboard, in a text editor. If I have a keyboard and a text editor my brain remembers how to write code better than if I have a whiteboard and a marker, because I don't write code on whiteboards. The brain works this way, which is why you feel sleepy when you go to bed (unless you spend a lot of time in bed not sleeping). It's a type of compartmentalization, well known in psychology. I grew up watching Canadian TV. This was like 10 years ago or more, but back then, Canadian ads would make veiled references to the competition without naming them or showing them. I was surprised when my parents finally got a satellite dish and I saw American ads naming their competitors. Yeah, bozo test questions are simple enough to do on a whiteboard. The interesting thing about cryogenic preservation is, there's no downside (you just stay dead) and a pretty awesome upside (you get resurrected centuries later in a world where we have the technology to resurrect the dead). There's no "leap of faith" involved here, just the recognition that if all else fails, you lose nothing. OK, I guess screwing your kids out of $150,000 worth of life insurance money is a downside too. Hulu used to take a day (or maybe the whole weekend) to post Battlestar Galactica. Pirate Bay would take only a few hours, and would have it in HD, too. I've never had that problem and have used Flash video on Mac OS X for years. Pascal's Wager breaks down as soon as you posit more than one competing religion. Cryogenics doesn't have the same problem. Pascal's Wager also requires you to actually believe something. Belief is neither voluntary nor governed by rational wagering. A cryogenics user doesn't have to actually believe he'll be resurrected to sign up for cryogenics, though. Bill Gates' full name is William Henry Gates III (which sounds old-money and is). "Trey" is a common nickname for children who are III. "Actually modified Newtonian Dynamics or MOND equations are WAAAAY harder to swallow than dark matter." Maybe, but "dark matter" smells so much like "magical substance we can't observe directly." It's like the controversy over Mercury's orbit—Mercury's orbit was "wrong", so astrophysicists posited another planet, Vulcan, between Mercury and the Sun, that affected Mercury's orbit but (due to the brightness of the sun) was not observable. Then, after Einstein made his revisions to Newtonian dynamics, they recalculated Mercury's orbit according to Einstein's formulas, and it was right. The thing is, Einstein's physical equations were, for all intents and purposes, the same as Newton's for pretty much everything we had a chance to measure, until we started measuring things like the orbit of Mercury. It wouldn't be that odd if even Einstein's physics are, on the galactic scale, only approximate in their own right--close enough for GPS to work but not close enough to explain galaxies. Or maybe there is dark matter. I'm not qualified to give a good judgment. "It's like they're playing checkers and we're playing chess" is too obvious a response. I had a friend once who was a professional blogger, though she lived in Costa Rica to reduce her cost of living and made most of her revenue through affiliate links to online casinos before the US started cracking down on gambling. Now that there's been a crackdown, blogging is less fun to her. She's become addicted to Twitter and found other work. The evidence does seem to suggest that in hunting-gathering communities, women engaged in more gathering and men engaged in more hunting. Claims that otherwise reasonable hypotheses "come from a desire to see women barefoot and pregnant" tend to come from a desire to justify the unquestioned a priori belief that men and women are mostly identical rather than solid science. It seems to me that the whole "skeptical" movement has long run out of useful things to debunk (UFO's, astral projection, homeopathy, etc.) and have taken to just pissing in everyone's cereal. See? Basing an argument on actual evidence proves your point better than basing your argument on some political agenda. "It's unlikely that women have higher red-resolution because many herbivores and apex predators are colorblind" is an actual argument. "It's unlikely that women have higher red-resolution because that claim is made by misogynists" is just a politically charged ad hominem. It'll get you brownie points in the Women's Studies department, but it's still a crap argument. More generally, it can be said that academia has a well documented history of basing claims on some sort of social or political assumption or agenda. Increasingly, those have come to include liberal agendas like feminism and racial equality. The solution is not increased political consciousness (all that accomplishes is exchanging one political bias for another) but rather better application of the scientific principles we already have. Yes, Facebook has refreshed their design at least once (and I'm pretty sure twice) since this. "We're not cool enough" is a pretty awesome customer service position to take, if only because they later added IE6 compatibility. It would come across as dishonest and passive-aggressive if they were using it to badger their customers into upgrading to a better browser. There's this huge, huge myth about Apple history. It's part of the myth of Steve Jobs, but it's more than that. It's the myth that Apple floundered because they lost Steve Jobs, and only succeeded because Jobs came back. There's an associated myth that every other Apple chief was incompetent and almost ran the company into the ground. That, too, is a myth. Between 1976 and 1985, Jobs was co-founder, and it's undeniable that gave him clout, but he wasn't the head of the company by any means. In the 80's his main job was running the Macintosh project (after being kicked off the Lisa project), not running the company. If Jobs wasn't fired from the Mac division, it's highly questionable whether or not Macs would ever have hard drives, fans, or expandable slots--in other words, whether they would have been a tenable computing platform at all in the mid-to-late 80's. Likewise, Jobs wasted a lot of money at NeXT on even more idiosyncratic hardware designs (the NeXT cube famously had a magneto-optical drive instead of a hard drive) and did, in fact, almost run NeXT into the ground before it recovered by making exactly the same mistakes he was fired from Apple for making. In the meantime, Sculley presided over Apple's most successful and profitable years. It's Sculley that positioned Apple as a high-margin niche provider, rather than taking the low-cost approach Jobs wanted. Apple stays in this position today, though largely because desktop OS market share is less fluid than it was in 1985. And it was even less fluid in 1997 when Jobs returned. Spindler presided over the PPC transition. Amelio, likewise, saved Apple. He managed to cut a lot of costs, did most of the negotiation on the famous Microsoft deal, hired Fred Anderson (who ran Apple's finances admirably for years even under Jobs), and managed to put together an emergency loan package that ended up saving Apple's cash crunch. Yes, he lost a billion dollars. But most of that billion was in one-time costs that, in the long run, saved money. (Some $400 billion of that was to buy out NeXT.) Jobs, since 1997, has been the CEO Apple needs. In 1985? Maybe if he was managed carefully enough he would have kept the soul of the company alive. But I think NeXT was an experience that gave Apple a better Steve Jobs, and his absence was far from the cause of Apple's troubles in the 90's. It sure saves them from the backwards compatibility problems Microsoft has to deal with. If you know the SimCity anecdote you know what I mean. "affirmative action for white people" Not sure I agree, but last I checked, affirmative action for white people was just called "racism". 100k annually for three or four years is like 400k. That's ten years worth of a decent middle class salary, which is what most careers are worth, except it's front-loaded so you can generally invest it and make more in the long run. I would not snort at that kind of income. True, but I didn't know how to say that without sounding like an elitist jerk. Still, they have the opportunity. War is a method to divide resources, but so is trade. And those parts of the world that trade with each other by and large do not go to war with each other. In fact, look at the history of the 20th century. Lots of wars between countries that believed in trade and countries that did not believe in trade: this is called the Cold War. After this we started getting wars between countries that were part of the global trading community and countries that weren't, over issues that would largely go away or be resolved peaceably if those countries joined the global trading community. This is called "globalization", and it's what all those anarchists tend to start riots about every time the larger countries want to have a conference about it. It really doesn't in the long run, but it turns out you get so many more net resources through trade anyway that even in a shortage you're better off with trade than war. If this guy didn't waste a good deal of the essay on crackpot goldbug economics, it would have been a more valuable read. "Perhaps a private grain-backed currency will draw upon the grain exports of North America as the only "real wealth" of nations. Would you buy a wheat-backed "quatloo"? I personally would be interested in trading paper for wheat, gold, oil or anything more valuable than paper." Backing a currency with an agricultural product is a recipe for inflation, as several American colonies discovered with tobacco in the colonial era. Gold works better because it's really hard to inflate (unless there's a gold rush--likewise, the silver rush proved bimetallism untenable) but a grain-backed dollar would be a disaster waiting to happen. "What is wrong with people having convictions and spending money to find facts that support these convictions?" That's rationalization instead of rationality. Rationality dictates discovering the facts BEFORE you reach the conclusions. "What's that old adage about stats again?" I think "he uses statistics as a drunk man uses a lightpost, for support rather than illumination" is apropos here. Part of the division into departments is a good thing because it reflects a separation of concerns. A philosophical question (what is our ethical duty as human beings, which methods of argument and reasoning provide valid conclusions under which sets of assumptions, what conceptions of free will are compatible with metaphysical determinism) can't be meaningfully answered from a scientific or artistic approach though scientists and artists are both capable of philosophy to some extent, and in fact it would be good to see academics publishing across related fields more often. I could easily imagine epistemologists, philosophers of science, and scientists productively publishing together in methodology-of-science journals and attending methodology conferences. Furthermore, departments allow for a deliberate separation of fundamentally incompatible approaches. Some people who take up the dubious academic pursuit of seeing everything from the perspective of feminism or race go to the Women's Studies and Ethnic Studies departments, and the rest of us are often better off without them. If we tried to close or ban the Women's Studies or Ethnic Studies department, people would be taking that crap back into other fields, so as a political compromise we have those departments as a containment field (though I am speaking too harshly, there are certainly benefits for the academics in those fields as well). To be fair, all three major allies were essential: 1. The US kept Britain and Russia going with aid throughout the war, including food. Khrushchev's memoirs supposedly credited SPAM (the processed canned pork) with keeping the Soviet army alive in WWII. 2. Russia absorbed most of Germany's military might and destroyed it, at great cost to themselves. Their contribution was not that they suffered more than the others (though they did), but that they killed more Germans than the others (though by the time they turned around and invaded Germany, 3. Britain brought much of the Empire's forces to bear on the western front, kept the northern sea lanes open for American supply convoys, and halted German expansion on the Western front by denying them entry to Britain itself. It's quite remarkable--Russia defended its territory with costly, genocidal scorched earth policies and millions of deaths, while Britain was protected from the first German bootstep by the English Channel, radar, and the Royal Air Force. Oh, I forgot to mention--Britain also broke Enigma. Furthermore, Russia and Britain only gave salutary support in the Pacific War, for entirely understandable reasons. It should also be noted that while all the allies engaged in some degree of war crimes, the Soviets were the worst offenders in that category as well. I am loath to show respect for Red Army pilots who strafed columns of evacuating German civilians, or Red Army soldiers who raped and murdered whatever Germans they could find. Likewise, many of the Soviets' own civilian losses were their own fault (through scorched earth policies). Cleverly omitted are other actual facts that other people can use to reach conclusions other than your own. Maybe an adversarial method would be a better way of addressing these issues in practice, but only when we're responsible enough to read both sides. Also, it's intellectually dishonest to pick your conclusions first and find the facts later. Even if CATO finds good facts (I'm sure they do), there is most definitely something "wrong with" them. And by "health care stuff" don't automatically assume that means insurance. If you require prescription drugs, research the price of them. Some drugs cost hundreds, others you can pay closer to $20 for a 3 month supply. Sometimes there are alternative drugs for the same condition that aren't normally prescribed, but work just as well--dessicated thyroid for hypothyroidism instead of levothyroxine, for instance. See how much you can afford paying for out of pocket or out of HSA before thinking about what kind of benefits you want from insurance. Heh, I knew that but you are right to accuse me of forgetting Poland. Do you intend to imply that women shouldn't feel welcome as Ruby/RoR hackers? Because all this time, I just thought Ruby and RoR were about hacking in a powerful yet carefree interpreted language. I didn't realize it had anything to do with excluding women. The RAZR was a fashion phone. There's nothing, featurewise, that the RAZR did that contemporary phones didn't also do (aside from being really thin). And it became less special upon release by other networks because it became more commonplace. Something that everyone can get isn't fashionable anymore. But the iPhone is more than a pretty face. And I think you're doing a very good job of missing the point, because the issue here is gender. What the hell else would it be? "As a woman, I feel unwelcome in the Ruby community" is the gist of the criticism. If you don't read it that way, fair enough. But I did, and in that context, your response came across as, "It's selfish of you to expect the Ruby community to be welcoming of women." I shouldn't have to explain to you why that's just plain wrong, and not at all analogous to your experience in academia. "Selfish" implies that it's a personal problem. Making half the human race feel unwelcome just because they happen to have been born female rises above the level of a personal problem. As a "macho hacker", you've probably adopted some beliefs and values that are a misfit to what you perceive to be the beliefs and values of the academia. There are no such beliefs and values endemic to being a woman. When a community starts to exclude people, not for having incompatible values and beliefs, but for having vaginas, I'd say there's a serious problem. "What statement does this make about women?" Your example implies that white people are bad at basketball, just as the slides imply that fat women are unattractive. But implicitly, the standard of comparison makes a statement, too. It makes the statement that women are sex objects who should be judged only on their most superficial characteristics. Men can be judged on their ability to play basketball but when it comes to women, the only standard of value is how sexually attractive they are. "The slides said nothing offensive about women." They portrayed women as sex objects rather than living persons with minds of their own. They say to women, "we're more interested in your tits and ass than in any code you might have to write." You didn't get the message, and it may not have even been intended by the presenter, but the message was there, loud and clear. Those of us who are interested in precise communication (which, in my experience, usually includes hackers) are usually more than willing to criticize someone for miscommunicating. If I go around saying "functional programming" when I really mean "procedural programming", somebody is going to stop me and correct my usage. And if I refuse to listen, the fault is my own. This is no different. If you don't want to broadcast misogynistic messages, don't use misogynistic visual language. Opening "link" in another tab is a better workaround. I'm doing it right here. (I should clarify that you don't need to actually use another tab.) Come to think of it, it's not necessarily a matter of precise communication. The fact is, the vast majority of women who saw that presentation got the sense of being unwelcome and objectified. I think you can measure just about any attempt at communication by the message that actually gets across to people, and the message that actually got across to women was what it was. That's the point of the whole article. Why did the women in the article perceive it differently from you? Maybe because when you're a victim of systemic sexism every day of your life you're better at recognizing it, and when you're the beneficiary of systemic sexism every day of your life, you're better at ignoring it. That's the standard explanation at least, and there's merit to it. Is the Silicon Valley real estate market so bad that not even Steve Jobs can buy another piece of property that would be easier to build on, or is there something particularly special about the location? Knowing Microsoft's history, it won't matter how broken XP Mode is. By Windows 8 or 9, it'll work well enough they can dump the old system entirely and move to something better, like Apple did with Mac OS X. (It will never be perfect, but the number of users they'll lose due to backwards compatibility may become small enough to be worth writing off.) Do you have to be funny for this to work? ;) Yeah, come to think of it, he has to be living somewhere while Jacking House decays, so maybe he's just in love with the location. There's nothing stopping them from using BSD code again, or buying someone else's OS. Apple did both (they bought NeXT for NeXTStep, but NeXTStep had BSD code). I know this is a minor point, but I found it striking. "Some people will contend that this is all a misunderstanding, because "hackers" are not computer criminals by definition. Criminals are "crackers," they will point out." I know the point he's trying to make (the old boring semantic argument of what "hacker" means) but that is so clumsily phrased that you get the distinct feeling he doesn't even understand the point himself. You also begin to wonder how that kind of crap can get published by the New York Times. So what? The Soviet Union has been gone since 1991 and it's still possible to buy a .su domain name. In the long run, as more and more landowners turn to goats for their landscaping needs, it will become more sustainable. Whereas as more and more people put gasoline into lawnmowers, the less sustainable it gets. The government already collects the taxes for you through withholding. I fear that if people didn't file their taxes themselves they would lose all respect and recognition of how much they pay for their government, which is bad for democracy. The easier taxes become, the less people complain about paying them. The government then has an easier job of justifying how they spend that money. Arguably, taxes should be as inconvenient, difficult, and painful as possible. On the other hand, having to file taxes really sucks and I would rather not do it. So there's an argument both ways. If we're talking about Erlang, no one. If we're talking about gender, though, it's pretty important. It's interesting—startups are probably a better opportunity for female hackers because, in general, markets are less sexist than hiring managers. I like Erlang fine, I just don't think it has anything to do with gender. And if I'd seen Erlang articles in recent days instead of articles about gender, I would find this poll rather odd myself. As it stands, I think the question is apropos. I'm more worried whether there's a bias against hackers from non-name-brand colleges, especially in the startup community. It depends. If you're mostly unhurt but your teeth are knocked out, a D.D.S. would be rather convenient. If you're badly hurt but can still survive, then the M.D. would be best. If you're mostly unhurt and the bus rolls over your foot, it looks like the D.P.M. would be a safe bet. However, if you're hurt too badly to recover, then the D.Div. or D.M. may be appropriate, depending upon your religious beliefs. Thanks to the popularity of physical injury or wrongful death lawsuits, the J.D. will be with you soon regardless of who else is around when the bus hits you. It turns out if you actually attend graduation, you don't really get your diploma then, either. It's too soon for them to know whether you passed your finals or not. So they end up mailing the diploma even if you went. You do, however, manage to get out of spending an afternoon wearing robes and a squareish hat. I wonder how common that is. At my school, most people finish their last final on Friday, go to graduation on Saturday, and leave town on Sunday. It is a college town, though. It's actually fairly astute. The reason "expanding Germany into the territory of neighboring countries we don't like" was so popular to Germans was because Germany (then and probably now) is fairly dense. One of my friends studied in Germany. One of his professors said something like, "Germany has never had enough land. We tried expanding once but it didn't work out so well." It's easy to imagine the Netherlands having the same problem. Of course, emigrating to a less dense country is an easier solution. There's nothing stopping them from licensing the latest id engine and writing a Duke Nukem game with it and just calling it Duke Nukem Forever, which is probably a more plausible line of action than continuing with what they have now. I spent all these years waiting for someone to post the lyrics to Chinese Democracy and a strategy guide for Duke Nukem Forever on Project Xanadu, and today I have nothing left but bitter disappointment. If the preprocessor knew the syntax, it would happen after parsing rather than before, which is exactly how every language other than C handles things that C handles using the preprocessor (turning "using" or "include" or "import" into keywords instead of preprocessor directives). I'm really not sure in what way it would be a pre-processor at that point. So perhaps it's more accurate to say preprocessors aren't particularly useful. I like how gets() and scanf() are both considered unsuitable for use. There's something wrong with a language when you can't trust the standard library's input functions, and I say this as someone who rather likes C in the right context. Where's the mention of the three-argument main() variation? (int argc, char argv, char env)? Is this not standard? Some people work 8-5 with a lunch break. Even worse, it's one of those stupid slideshows that loads a new page every few seconds, even when you're not looking. When I looked at it, it was halfway through the list of "states with highest alcohol and tobacco taxes". "When a math ABD starts telling me about how she really likes her work but is sick of the slow pace and the fact that only six people in the world understand her work, I get to take a nice minute alone with my thoughts: I've heard it over and over again, in the same words and the same weary, beaten-down tone." It's interesting to keep this in mind when reading Kaczynski's "Industrial Society And Its Future". He spills a lot of ink on how humans in industrial societies waste a lot of time and energy on "surrogate activities" rather than focusing on their own survival (which is no longer a challenge). It sounds a lot like the frustration of an academic who sees no use for his increasingly arcane work. Engineering is actually getting more like programming, with CAD and simulation testing taking the place of coding and testing. And some types of engineering (circuit design in VHDL/Verilog) is programming. I've never engineered, but from what I've gathered, the main difference is that in engineering, you have to be really careful about writing down a design, because once you design a car or an airplane or even a shoe, it takes a lot of human effort to build the actual car/airplane/shoe, and you really want to make sure it won't crash before you test it. It's costly to reiterate a design before release, if that iteration involves a full design-manufacture-test cycle. Whereas in programming, we can build the actual program whenever we want (compilers are fast and cheap) so we usually start from an initial design that's completely broken and incrementally refine it. Even the largest scale programming, done right, has a "nightly build", the engineering equivalent of changing your airplane design in the afternoon, manufacturing it at night, having a test pilot fly it in the morning, and discovering that afternoon why the test pilot and your new airplane are now in hundreds of pieces spattered across the Nevada desert. That'll never sell. Instead there should be a news site that gives you a brief quiz to determine your political bias, and then serves you biased news stories that agree with your preconceived ideas. It takes a task that people already do by hand, and automates it! An alarm clock with a numeric keypad so I don't have to sit there mashing the "down" button. Along these notes: a recommendation engine for food called "WhatShouldIHaveForDinner.com" that takes all your favorite foods and suggests recipes and/or local restaurants (go to Crazy Ivan's Ukrainian Cafe and order the borsch), keeping dietary issues in mind. I started with C, but from what I've heard, Scheme actually makes plenty of sense as a first language. There's a Marvin Minsky quote, "Anyone could learn Lisp in one day, except that if they already knew Fortran, it would take three days." The "complexity" of Lisp comes from our preconceptions from different languages (Minsky presumably said that when Fortran was more in vogue). Abstract concepts are imperfect. Chip design isn't exactly programming because the final product requires fabrication, no matter how well you can fake it with simulators or FPGA's. (In situations where FPGA's are useful in deployment, I guess "chip design" would become "programming an FPGA" and you would get the benefits of quick building that programming gives you.) Likewise, we can design an airplane in CAD and put it through a computer simulator, which might allow a more programming-like design experience. But "engineering" implies that it's a separate step from manufacturing or assembly, whereas a programmer goes from idea to built parts within hours (not the whole system but definitely a subset of it). And that's one way of doing it that resembles engineering. Just as engineering can resemble programming, programming can resemble engineering. But trying to imitate what engineers do limits what you can do as a programmer. Programmers also work on multiple levels of abstraction in a way that I imagine to be somewhat different from engineers. Controlling for the same algorithm seems unbiased but isn't. Since different languages are suited to different tasks, all you'd get was a measure of how easily an untrained teenager could implement that particular algorithm in a given language. You could control for that by using multiple algorithms, though. I overheard a coworker of mine asserting "there is no strategic value to the moon". And I think he's right. There's no practical reason to put weapons on the moon, they work a lot better on the earth and with the cost of putting them on the moon you could just build more weapons. By your reasoning, it should be illegal to deny that the moon landing ever happened, or to deny that Lee Harvey Oswald was the assassin of JFK, or even to deny that human beings are the product of biological evolution. It's not the role of government, or of Facebook, to officially designate one version of past events as "true" and prohibit all consideration of any contrary version. The Holocaust happened. It is sufficient to fully show the evidence of what happened and leave it at that. Prohibiting anyone from making claims to the contrary is no defense of the truth. Only liars need that defense. Disagreement about historical fact is not defamation. If I want to say Ataturk or Hitler or Andrew Jackson are variously guilty or innocent of genocide that is my right. In fact, I really don't see how it's defamation to claim that someone is innocent of genocide. Not by the law. Or are you using "defamatory" as a label to dismiss ideas without having to actually prove them false? (Fact: Proving that the Holocaust actually happened is easier, and works better, than trying to change people's opinions through sheer outrage.) http://www.paulgraham.com/say.html There's an important difference you're glossing over. If I post a photgraph to Facebook and Facebook takes it down, that's censorship. If I don't post the photograph in the first place, that's not censorship. That doesn't mean it's a violation of free speech or the first amendment, but we shouldn't redefine words like "censorship" just to gloss over all these issues. "By definition, the outlier you cite cannot exist, since the sole purpose of "Holocaust denial" is to rub salt into Jewish wounds." I'm glad you have the power of looking into people's souls. Personally, I don't, so I have to remain open to the possibility that some holocaust deniers are just cranks. "The first two don't need to be illegal, because they don't do much damage. There is little emotional attachment, making the controversy less influential or dangerous." Well that's rather ad hoc of you. If holocaust denial causes "harm" by convincing people that the Jews are liars, wouldn't Oswald denial cause harm by convincing people the American government covered up a coup it instituted against its own president, shattering all social stability? Wouldn't moon-landing denial do the same thing? I seem to remember Buzz Aldrin getting real angry and punching a moon-landing denier in the face for calling him a liar. Do you think Buzz had a legal case for defamation there? Wouldn't moon-landing-denial hurt sales of Buzz Aldrin's books? Why can't you just accept the fact that we have to share the world with a bunch of cranks? Or you could just mumble incoherently. http://www.zug.com/pranks/visa/index03.html And if Facebook was banning them for being cranks, that would be one thing. I usually downvote crank comments on Hacker News because we're a specialized community that values rational thought. To me, singling out Holocaust denial as the one prohibited form of crankism on Facebook smacks of exceptionalism. You can have conspiracy theories or contrary opinions about any other historical event, no matter how many people were killed—just not that one. Notably, you can become a "fan" of Ataturk or Genghis Khan or Andrew Jackson or Christopher Columbus on Facebook, but not Hitler. Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Pullman WA. It's got its pluses and minuses like anywhere else. Thank you, Ayn Rand. Even worse, this is a topseller list of people who still read books . Which is probably a minority of the US population nowadays. I had a job once where I had to use not only IE but also a "thick client" that was .NET based and had similar audio feedback. I kept my computer on mute the whole time because it sounded like a goddamn slot machine. Only if we all have to get them. "If a member of subgroup Y is the first human on Mars, why should we have to wait for an X-er to step on Mars before we can tell X-ers they can do it, too?" If everyone who has landed on Mars, the Moon, or any other extraterrestrial body is a member of subgroup Y, and so is the vast majority of people who have done anything like it, then maybe the point does need to be made that someone outside of subgroup Y can do it, too. Do I win hacker points for being the type of person who would think to do exactly this while drunk? Well, if you're the one to make that point that makes you the first X-er on Mars. But you deserve some credit for that achievement as well. More credit than just "another guy who landed on Mars" but less credit than the first man on Mars, I estimate. Because people are products of evolution. If your file system ever gets corrupted, DiskWarrior. DiskWarrior will reliably maintain and rebuild your FS. It will work when fsck fails and is better than the other paid alternatives. It looks like (and is) a Mac OS 9 port, but it's the same filesystem so no worries. If your filesystem is ever, ever fucked, DW will save it if anything can. It costs $100, so don't buy until when you end up needing it. But at that moment, buy it (unless your data is worth less than $100, I guess). Not really, just that the first X-er on Mars is exceptionally defiant or ignorant of social expectations. "The humanities" are really something of a grab bag when it comes to categorizing fields of study. When it comes to categorizing the different departments of a university into colleges or whatnot, things like "engineering" and "science" clearly share some type of methodology or otherwise easily fit together. But "humanities" ranges from downright useful stuff like foreign language and history to things like philosophy and English (which can be studied fruitfully but most universities fall short due to some bad fundamental approach like postmodernism) to crap like "ethnic studies" and "women's studies" (identity politics: the department). Wal-Mart is already an anti-brand among the market segment that would buy Gucci. Target may have a better chance, but Wal-Mart is too solidly right-wing, rural, downscale, and outright unpleasant to shop in to really threaten an upscale brand. I don't know Gucci (I'm not upscale enough for it) but most upscale brands are also more durable, while Wal-Mart's products are invariably designed to be cheap and fall apart in a few months so you can go back to Wal-Mart and buy another. It's not just the Army, Navy, and Marines that need GPS. The Air Force has smart bombs (JDAM) that are guided by GPS as well. "Kinda like Microsoft is an anti-brand to Apple fanboys. But both Apple and Gucci's customer base have a slice of customers that are on the edge and not necessarily fanboys." These are two fundamentally different markets here. Computers (even Macs) are cheap enough that they aren't as stratified as fashion. A Mac might cost twice as much as a PC (though it really doesn't), but clothing can vary by entire orders of magnitude in price. If Gucci loses customers it will be to a rival premium brand or a midscale brand, not bottom-of-the-barrel Wal-Mart. The auto industry is similarly stratified, and I understand it a little better than fashion, so let's discuss that. The strata (pre-GM/Chrysler meltdown) were about like this: * * Aston Martin Maybach Bentley Rolls-Royce -------------------------- BMW Mercedes-Benz Lexus -------------------------- Audi -------------------------- Cadillac, Acura -------------------------- | ------------------ Lincoln | VW, Honda, Toyota -------------------------- | occupy all three Mercury, Buick, Chrysler, | strata upscale Ford/Chevrolet | (Eddie Bauer Explorer, | Corvette) | -------------------------- | Ford, Chevrolet | * * These strata are probably wrong but they're illustrative. I think Audi might be moving closer to the top tier, and I wasn't sure where Rolls Royce belonged but I made a decent guess. No one says "I'm going to stop driving my Maybach and get a Ford Focus" unless they go bankrupt from buying too many luxury cars. Audi or even Acura could pick off Lexus/BMW/Mercedes drivers though. And someone who stretched too far and got an Audi might get a VW next time. But you're not going to have the lowest tier directly challenge the highest tier. In the PC market, Apple and Microsoft are already adjacent tiers, because there's no room in the market for any tiers above or below them. But the PC market is a lot flatter than other markets. I used the "like" because most folks only know postmodernism. I actually did my first degree in philosophy and while postmodernism was nowhere to be found, there's enough continental philosophy around to waste everyone's time. My school was very analytic, but from talking to other philosophy students online, analytic philosophy isn't all that popular or well-known among undergrads. I think analytic philosophy is great, though of somewhat more limited interest since it's less amenable to bullshit, grand abstractions, and other bad philosophy. It's also a bit arcane and technical at times. DeRose is a good analytic philosopher and I always enjoy reading him, so thanks for the link. Not that all continental philosophy is crap (existentialism seems interesting and worthwhile) but a lot of it is, and in many circles, a low opinion of Hegel gets you a lot of credit. If you're sure it's the same item, that's fine. Then again, they also sell cheaper versions of the same brand (Levi's for instance) that are pretty crap. I actually went to Wal-Mart yesterday. There are things they do right (logistics) but in general, I don't buy a product at Wal-Mart unless I'm absolutely certain it's completely identical to a product I can get somewhere else, and that I know is durable. Specious reasoning here. Yes, India has a higher rate of growth than the US, but they are also poorer and will remain so for the near future. It's not an entirely bad idea, as living in another country is probably a worthwhile experience, especially rapidly developing country like India. But it's not a great career move in and of itself, nor is it that much better an idea because of the recession (unless you have no real prospects for enough income to stay in your home country and want a cheaper country to live off your savings in until the storm passes, but most people in that situation go for someplace like Costa Rica.) "To create anything humans must utilize their labor. That is where the real value lies. The "market," "capital," and the "financial system" are nothing but totems (created by our labor) that we worship as if they were given to us by the gods." Careful: this way lies Marxism. The value doesn't lie in the labor itself, because if the labor was just as valuable as the product of that labor then why not save the labor and sleep in? The value lies in what is produced. Which is why using less labor to produce something more useful is more valuable than using more labor to produce something useless. "once you name any created object beautiful, that beauty is rife with cultural baggage that defines what is and what is not valuable" You've gone through a loop and said nothing. I think a rainbow is beautiful because (by your account, which spuriously dispenses with the possibility of individual taste or universal beauty) my culture values pretty colors. But in what way does my culture value pretty colors? Answer: we find them beautiful. You basically said "we think things are beautiful because our culture defines what we think is beautiful", which is a simple, testable, false statement (some standards of beauty are shared across cultures, other standards can differ within a culture). "To call one object beautiful necessarily means that other objects are not beautiful, or are less beautiful, or are beautiful in a different way. As far as I'm concerned there is nothing "harmonious" about this act. Thus, how can beauty and harmony be intrinsically valuable or "good" when beauty necessarily excludes harmony?" You can have harmony without everything in the world being harmonious. By analogy, can't we only call a system or an interaction "harmonious" if it is something distinct from disharmony? Isn't there a difference between two instruments playing the same pitch (or harmonious pitches, such as the same note an octave apart) and two instruments playing completely disharmonious pitches? (The answer is yes, and this can be scientifically demonstrated.) Likewise, when a group of people act in concert to achieve more than the sum of their individual efforts, is that not more harmonious than a group of people warring with themselves? "On a side note, who do you think the women will remember more: the guy who they got into an conversation with about Frederic Bastiat, or the 100th guy to ask them about the weather?" Of course, at a bus stop, one does not know whether or not the other people there are familiar with Bastiat. Which is why college is such a great place to meet people--if you meet people in your classes you can discuss the subject. "Yes. And the reason why you enjoy the quality coffee more than the cheap filter stuff is because it is more pleasurable. That is also the reason why you don't enjoy the cheap stuff anymore - because you know that it's actually pretty bad. You can still drink it anyway, but you know it's not that good. Suggesting that this is a bad thing is kind of suggesting that you don't think your tastes should evolve for the better throughout your life. " You're assuming that enjoyment and happiness always improve when drinking better coffee/wine/beer/etc. Untrue. If you're perfectly happy with what you have now, cultivating a more sophisticated taste will usually just frustrate you because now to get the same level of enjoyment you had previously you have to spend more money or time. Going back to what you had before doesn't return you to a baseline level of happiness, it makes you unhappy. To get back to the baseline you now have to regularly consume expensive or time-consuming coffee instead of the cheap stuff. If your goal in life is to enjoy the "finest things", go right ahead. If your goal in life is to be happy, then be very careful about raising the bar for things that you enjoy. Being able to enjoy cheap crap makes you just as happy as being able to enjoy expensive crap, but at lower cost. (As it turns out, this argument doesn't apply to books and movies and music because good books, movies, and music cost just as much as the crap ones, and because good art is intellectually stimulating, which is worthwhile for its own reasons.) It might be more accurate to say that the Register just goes around denigrating everything popular, well-known, or well-liked...being a British publication. Seriously, I've never read anything in the Register that wasn't an attack piece on something popular. It's the tech equivalent of the type of tabloid that that revels in airing the dirty laundry of the rich and famous, with some sub-par trolling added as "commentary". "We live in a period of time when life is rife with complex information and complex choices. Mental effort itself has become a precious commodity. This explains a lot. It also works against the Long Tail. In order to cultivate esoteric tastes, you need time and you need to pay attention." You need time and attention to cultivate popular tastes, too. Once you discover a taste for jazz fusion or progressive metal or Japanese pop, though, you can safely stop paying attention to the rest of the music industry. "But I don't feel I'm superior to people who can taste the difference. In fact, I'd say I'm inferior - my range of experiences in my life is poorer than theirs - at least when it comes to coffee." I don't feel superior either, I'm just glad I have time and money left over for other things. Feeling superior due to a taste for fancy coffee is the kind of elitism I have no interest in. Plus there's some well-known psychology behind this stuff. Expensive wine tastes better, in part, largely because it is more expensive. "Honestly, I don't see how you can present the ignorance of better things as an advantage, except in are really base, utilitarian way, where we are all hamsters on the hedonistic treadmill with no higher aspirations beyond immediate pleasurable gratification." If you're ignorant of better things, you're happy with what you have. If you're familiar with better things, you're unhappy with what you have, unless you spend time and energy on better things instead, at which point you're just as happy as you were before except with less money and less free time. That's the same reward profile as drug addictions, frankly. I think it's even more hedonistic to waste time and effort on exceptional food and drink when you could just keep yourself contented with average stuff and devote that time, money, and energy to higher pursuits. Not that I'm entirely uninterested in those kinds of experiences, but I'm not the one to be accusing of hedonism here. You know, you'd be surprised but I don't have the slightest damned idea what the best selling music is right now. A pop song can come out and I don't hear it for weeks. And I don't own a radio outside of my car. There's a slight bump when you get into something esoteric for the first time, but afterwards, you just kind of naturally lose touch. "Not sure why so many people are crying foul. Unless it's because they're used to having your full attention, and now they're frustrated with having to compete with the friends you're texting/tweeting/facebooking. That's sort of narcissistic, isn't it? Do you deserve their full attention?" If I don't deserve someone's full attention, why are we having lunch together? To be fair, you edited your post after I replied to it. I didn't mean any disrespect; I was simply stating a point. Are you saying it's more difficult for you to keep up with Irish Trad than it is for you to keep up with pop music? (It obviously takes more time and effort to be a practicing musician than to simply listen to music, but that is a separate question, one that rather confounds my original question.) In other words, are you disagreeing with me, or simply being disagreeable? But that's my point--playing it yourself is what takes more time, not the obscurity of the music. It's possible to listen to J-Pop, outside of Japan, for almost as little effort as it takes to listen to local pop on the analog radio. I'd count that as part of the long tail (at least from an American perspective). Most industries are not this bad, but reportedly, Hollywood is set up so that no motion picture ever produced is ever profitable. This was originally a corporate practice invented to screw over people contractually due a percentage of the net, but everyone went back to negotiating based on gross. A 10 inch tablet is a lot closer to a Mac than an iPhone. I don't see the App Store factoring in. That kind of thinking is just buzzword thinking: the App Store was a big breakthrough for smartphones (true), it would be nice to have something similar for desktop software (true, though Linux package managers could probably take a design lesson) so obviously everything else in the future must work the same way (false). You can stitch together most of Blackboard out of Google's services. All Google really needs is some secure site for posting grades, but in reality, the old "web site with student ID number instead of name" is more widely used at my school than Blackboard anyway, so perhaps not. Since childhood, Steve Jobs. For too many reasons to mention. Sadly, health care is so strongly regulated that starting up in that sector might be more of a legal challenge than a technical challenge. With this administration, the very parameters of the market are within question. How much will be taken over by the government? Who wants to sell to the government? "Who judges the judges"? Believe it or not, if I went on to discuss every single reason why I admire Steve Jobs, it would have been even more fanboyish. "I think Firefox also has the advantage of being Netscape Navigator's spiritual heir. Lot of people who used NN (when it was good), got used to it and were keen to keep on using it over alternatives." There were years between the last good Netscape Navigator and the first usable Mozilla, let alone Firefox 1. I really doubt there was that much loyalty during that long dark spell, especially since during much of that period, Internet Explorer was pretty good. ESPN360 is usually sold to ISP's and bundled with internet service. It's not so much a matter of "blocking" as "not buying". It's a weird business model, but it was enough to switch me from Time Warner cable (which was excellent through and through) to Verizon DSL (which has no other redeeming characteristics). Google Maps are included with the iPhone, they're not a third party app. I'm sure if you could convince Apple to bundle your app with every iPhone you would get to use undocumented API's, too. Geocities wasn't social networking, it was free web hosting for people who didn't care about having their own domain name. LiveJournal is a quasi-social blogging platform, MySpace never sustainably spread past a teenage/preteen/music niche, and Facebook/Twitter are complementary services (Facebook is privacy oriented and Twitter is publicity oriented). "Every so often, someone will come along, hand you a sword, and tell you to go die for the Emperor; if you aren't killed in battle, it's quite likely that you'll die of disease or starvation hundreds of miles from home." But less likely than dying at home on the farm, at least in Rome. "your husband, who may have three or ten or twenty wives" In which case your husband is probably rich, powerful, and influential, and you share a measure of luxury. Most men in polygamous cultures only have/had one wife because they can only afford to support one wife. "If you want to live like this, for whatever reason, you still can. Go out into the middle of nowhere and purchase a plot of land (such land is generally worthless). Build a house on it, farm it for food and make all your tools yourself." There's a marked difference between living in a primitive community and living as a primitivist hermit. "I honestly don't see how in a C-style language, using different names for the exact same construct found in every other C-style language adds any real value." Did you notice the next line? " sjohnson: and it's quite powerful." That implies it's more than just switch/case. If it's not quite the same thing as switch/case, then it's appropriate to give it a different name, even if it fills the same functional role. If you add together all the Solaris or Sparc servers and Java programs in the world, the direct and indirect users would probably dwarf Facebook's. And that's not even considering the value of each application--I use Facebook but it's not especially valuable to me, while a certain Java app in my bank's backend might be more valuable. C is a small, beautiful, elegant language that's fine tuned to systems programming and high-performance programming, with a surprising ability to be used on higher levels with enough skill. As a programmer and computer scientist, C will teach you a good abstract model of how a program is executed on the low level (memory management, stack, heap, and so forth), especially if you learn some assembly along with it, and learn how to make C and assembly work together. It is not the best applications language and there are proportionally fewer opportunities to write and read C code than there once was, but it's necessary if you want to be a great programmer. C++ is a big, clunky, difficult, ugly language. Understanding C++ is an accomplishment, but not because it involves any fundamental learning beyond the peculiarities of that language. As a programmer and computer scientist, C++ will teach you how to design a clunky mess of a programming language. But it is widely used, for good reasons. It's the right blend of performance and abstraction for many applications. It's a good language--maybe the best--for learning certain data structures, just because it combines pointers (data structures are mostly built out of pointers) with encapsulation (which helps reinforce the mental model that, for instance, rotation subroutines are part of what makes an AVL tree an AVL tree). And as an application language, it's very much usable. So it is worthwhile, but probably not a high a priority as C (or, indeed, other languages that can teach you more than simply how to use that particular language). This reminds me a lot of religion--he's mixing together simple things that no one can really argue with (don't commit noise violations, no one owes you help moving, don't be rude to people, write thank you notes) with bizarre interjections into things that aren't his business (the subjects of your conversations with people other than him, how you stow your trash in your own home) and outright arguable cultural prescriptions (driving is mandatory, and tips have gone up 5%!). I imagine if you're 25, you should be old enough not to care what this guy thinks of you anyway. "Bing" is an okay name, but Google's starting to become a genericized trademark. It'll never legally become one but once your brand has reached genericized trademark status you have a lot of brand power. And that brand power is even more powerful online. It's one thing if you have a store shelf where Kleenex and generic kleenex are right next to each other. It's different if you're sitting at a computer thinking, "what site am I going to use to google for facial tissues?". There's a marketing concept--I've forgotten what it's called--where people will think of a small number of brands for a given category. If a brand gets in your brain this way it's viable. That's why we see so many silly commercials that just say things like "Nike" with some sort of vaguely inspiring imagery, or irrelevant things like polar bears advertising Coca-Cola. It's not a matter of actually convincing anyone to buy the product, it's just to get their attention and get the brand name in their working memory, so the next time they think "I need to get new sneakers" or "I want a fizzy drink", their brain will enumerate the possible brands and something constantly shoved into their mental attentions like Coke will come up instead of RC Cola, even though they're next to each other on the same shelf. With search engines, Google is in the enviable position of being the only search engine that comes to mind. No one thinks anymore, "I need to go to a website that will help me find fizzy drinks on the internet. Which sites do that? Ask Jeeves? Google? Windows Live Search?". They just think, "I'm gonna google me some fizzy drinks". It's bad usage, but in sociological terms, women are a minority because they aren't the dominant subgroup. That's vaguely what I meant when I said that C isn't a great applications language but C++ is a passable one. Different languages are well suited for different tasks, and if you use the wrong language for the task you'll always end up with a mess. So sometimes C++ is more suitable than C. And sometimes some other language entirely is more suitable. But the language design of C--compared to C++--is a masterpiece of clean and simple design. Football is not a sport that lends to risky behavior. One or two interceptions could lose a game where you otherwise dominate, and turn a loss into an embarrassment. The laboratory for "let's do something crazy and see if it works" in football is college ball, though you are seeing pro ball get more adventurous in recent years. Basketball lends itself well to "systems" that work well statistically over the long run: you get dozens of possessions, and the other team gets the same number, so you just maximize your average-case possession outcome (offensively and defensively) and the variance will wash out in a seven game playoff series, or a 90 game season. (Which is why boring teams like the Spurs succeed). But soccer? In soccer, 95% of what you do has no impact at all . Even if it is theatrical, the average case outcome for a soccer play is that a goal isn't scored at all. So you can play systematically, except like football, a fluke play in soccer can win or lose the game. But unlike football (where interceptions are usually more the passing team's fault than the defending team's credit), soccer allows you to create fluke plays. You can spend most of the game doing almost nothing of interest, pull off a fluke play (at the very end, if you have a flair for the dramatic), and beat a team that had a slight advantage the whole game but never capitalized. Turkey repeatedly did this in Euro 2008 and it was the most fun I've ever had watching any team play any sport ever. If you're an underdog, and you're going to take a risk, best check which game you're playing, and whether you're good enough for that risk to pay off. "Tell right from wrong" is a conjectural extrapolation. What this really tells me is that animals observe social protocol. Now, perhaps morality is no more than social protocol. But all of these "moral" behaviors have important practical consequences. "Even when fighting for mates, the loser of a battle is allowed to escape with its life. Sometimes accidents happen and the animals die of injuries, but death is not the intent. Humans intend to kill when they battle." Usually, when human males fistfight over a woman, the loser is still allowed to escape with his life. Murder doesn't usually enter the picture outside of adultery, but a cuckolded alpha wolf will not be all too kind, either (and most cuckolded humans don't murder, either.) Humans will fight to the death over resources, but we are not the only species that will do that. I had largely the same reaction you did when I saw "minority" used that way. You're right. "Minority" is a really bad word for what biohacker42 was trying to say, because many "minorities" (in terms of social status) are not numeric minorities. (Blacks in apartheid-era South Africa. Women throughout history.) As jfoutz mentioned, we both know a pointer is not a dog. It's convenient that you misquoted me, too, because doing so leaves out the part where I already conceded that it's bad usage. Which leaves me at a loss as to what you're trying to add to the discussion--did you say something more than what I've already implied (and exhaustively reiterated here)? "Bill Gates had rigged - excuse me, programmed ;-) - the course scheduling program at his prep school to seat him next to all the pretty girls, and had done decently as a consultant doing traffic-light control software. Steve Jobs had a prior profitable business with Steve Wozniak selling blue boxes." Notably, only one of those things (traffic-light-control software) is considered a socially acceptable use of one's talents, though rigging the course scheduling program is more of a prank than a crime. "Taxing negative externalities rather than positive ones (so tax carbon instead of capital gains)" Problem: Negative externalities are supposed to go away. At which point you have no money. So you have to tax things (like income) that people just aren't going to do away with! "Taxing the negative externality behavior doesn't have the aim of eliminating it -- just causing it to be weighed properly in the firm's decisions." But it does tend to reduce the externality, thus reducing tax base. Which interferes with revenue collection. If Google had their own bandwidth (hell, their own Tier 1/2 network is feasible) it might provide them too great a temptation to do evil. Even if you suck at playing banjo? So people choose their political beliefs based upon their personality. That's old news to me, but a more interesting question might be how many people buck these trends, because that might indicate how many people think critically about politics rather than embracing and trying to rationalize their first intuition. "What if you end up with a very profitable, modest sized business that you want to just run? That is no longer an option once you raise VC money." Why hasn't the market produced a VC variant that's content with this, and willing to earn back its investment over the course of long term dividends? My guess is, the numbers just plain don't work out. If VC's are 10% successful, each successful startup has to pay for 9 failures. A VC might be 25% successful choosing successful dividends-bearing companies, but (a) those won't make up for the remaining 65% of failures and (b) the amount of dividends needed would dilute profits, so the founders wouldn't be any better off than if they didn't take the VC money in the first place. Well that depends on Paul Graham's knowledge of other languages. If Paul Graham knows Lisp and only Lisp, perhaps he's falling into the Blub paradox when it comes to Prolog. But if Paul Graham knows Lisp, C, Smalltalk, and Cobol, and has all the necessary language concepts from those to understand Ruby and Perl even if he hasn't used Ruby and Perl extensively, then he's on decent grounds to claim that Lisp is more powerful than those languages. The blub paradox comes from someone who only knows Pascal doesn't understand why you'd want classes or functional programming. (We're assuming he only knows classical Pascal, not Delphi.) It accounts for the resistance of C hackers to object oriented languages (as illustrated, rather passive-aggressively, in such books as Object Oriented Programming in ANSI C ), the resistance of Java coders to first class functions (we have a design pattern for that! it's called "functor"!) and so forth. It doesn't apply to someone who knows Haskell criticizing Java for OO fetishism, or a Java programmer scoffing at Pascal for not having classes. And the only place where I've ever read pg as critical of another language's abstractions is his remarks on Prolog. Now, that might be because he's fallen into the blub paradox, or maybe he has a good enough understanding of Prolog to authoritatively say it's only useful for 2% of problems and gets in your way the rest of the time. I can't read minds.