No, it's almost ready. It's already in use in iOS 10.3, and signs point to a full rollout this year. Because Earth already has a magnetic field. Yes, but is a reversal really a bad thing? Magnetic field reversals don't seem to be a serious threat–there's no evidence of mass extinctions caused by them. Actually, it appears that that the field does not actually disappear completely during the switch. Why is that? archive.org isn't a public education institution. So it's just like /usr/bin/cd–a builtin that also has a binary. Out of state students pay more in tuition as compared to in-state students. On my Mac, it's #!/bin/sh # $FreeBSD: src/usr.bin/alias/generic.sh,v 1.2 2005/10/24 22:32:19 cperciva Exp $ # This file is in the public domain. builtin `echo ${0##*/} | tr \[:upper:] \[:lower:]` ${1+"$@"} This title is misleading. The languages Google "added" have already existed; what Google has done is run translation sentence-by-sentence instead of by phrase-by-phrase. Oh, is that why I see websites like Facebook and Google using ids like .u-123-gz instead of something like .search-bar? Looks like someone's already on it: https://github.com/brhs/nomouse/pull/2 Actually, it's not that simple. There are a couple ways to load websites on iOS: * UIWebView: Old, slow, but dead simple. * WKWebView: The new "WebKit" drop-in replacement for UIWebView. It uses Safari's Nitro engine, and allows for full customization for the chrome, but does not allow for content blocking. Most new apps use this. * SFSafariViewController: A "Safari view"; you have no control over the UI chrome (or browsing history, etc.), but it uses Nitro and loads content blockers. * Safari app: The actual app. Loads content blockers. iOS has Reading List for this purpose, and SFSafariViewController has a button dedicated for this. While true, this answer is a bit misleading. There is a minimum threshold for stellar black holes –the ones created through stellar evolution–it's called the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff limit. Not a history expert by any means, but didn't Germany basically drive away all the scientists that could have worked on the bomb? Is there some kind of joke I'm missing with the "Quintilian"? I'm pretty sure the author was trying to use the Solarized color scheme: http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized Those using iTerm should try out imgcat: https://www.iterm2.com/documentation-images.html Looks great! Now if only there was one for Mathematica… And that's without the iPad Mini… Yes, Apple is much better about it; but there are instances where Apple has limited certain features to newer devices when there was no real reason for doing so. Most recently they blocked trivial features such as content blocking and Night Shift from 32 bit devices in their push for 64 bit adoption. In what kind of galaxy is a 1 billion solar mass black hole not a significant portion of the mass? Unrelated, but why is a paper on astrophysics on the NIH website? The page mentions that all C programs were compiled with gcc -O2. Forgive me if I don't know what I'm talking about here, but could volatile be used here to force the compiler to perform the memset? For whatever reason I had the number "300 million" in my head for the size of the Milky Way; I see your point. This was an interesting read for someone unacquainted with the field–it appears to be very difficult to fix "awkwardness" in sentences; none of the methods were able to reduce it significantly. It looks to me that awkwardness is more based on common usage than on actual grammar, perhaps this could be improved with a solution similar to Google Translate's, which looks at real world usage instead of syntax? Spacetime would like to have a word with you. Did not expect to get rickrolled while learning about assembly… For those wondering, WTF stands for Web Template Framework: https://webkit.org/blog/6161/locking-in-webkit/ For those on iOS and macOS, Apple provides Network Link Conditioner for this purpose. 2/3, you mean :) Wasn't the main reason why they wrote Tizen? Because Google was pushing them around too much? Funny, at times my Apple TV seems to do just that…though in my case it's probably just a bug. Well, at some point in time, everyone was once so young that everyone else in the world was older than them. I'm actually happy that Apple moved the USB ports away from each other. I used to have a non-Retina MacBook Pro and it was a royal pain to get two "large" USBs to fit at the same time. Interesting that this is done in-broswer; it looks like they're using Emscripten for emulation. I think you mean 1/4 of a second :) Are you serious? > some redneck assuming I'm not sure that's less racist… `NSDate` used to support creation from a "natural language" phrase: https://developer.apple.com/reference/foundation/nsdate/1415... It was deprecated recently, however. Yep, I had to do a bit of fuddling around with DateComponents and it was painful . Paper listed in article, https://arc.aiaa.org/doi/10.2514/1.B36120 , appears to cost well over a thousand dollars to access. I found https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/201700... online; I think it's the same thing. Looks like Linux is what you're looking for… macOS supports true vector assets, so I'm guessing it reduces the need for such measures. But coming back to your question: I'm not sure, but both iOS and macOS use the same asset filetype, so I'd assume so. Ahh, it looks like I didn't notice the PDF link. My mistake. One of the few things that benefit from pushed-back dates. I'd expect it to be the Chromebook Pixel. Doing that on a school computer is one of the fastest ways to get expelled. If only English had precedence rules! A big part in this comes from the fact that most people take off the watch when they sleep to charge it, making it useless for sleep tracking. I find that the battery stays pretty high (around 80%) if I don't exercise with it. If I start any workouts, however, and the battery dips down to ~50% by the end of the day. Nothing that a quick top-off during the day wouldn't fix, but it's still far from the Pebble's week long battery life. > For the first time last fall, the US Department of Transportation drafted regulations related to captions for in-flight entertainment. This can't come quickly enough. This is the behavior of all their custom players; I don't think they've updated them in a while. No, of course not. You're just doing work that computers do well. Why, thank you. I've always considered Atom to be an advertisement for GitHub. The branding is unmistakable. Wasn't this the iMac? I'm not sure where you're getting this from; did you read the article? This is part of the OS. 1. Well, how could you enforce this? How do you know a project is open source? 2. Dash was pulled from the App Store due to conflict between Kapeli and Apple. See the links in the comments above for details. Looks interesting; I have a Hammerspoon script that does something similar. I'd wager that many people (such as me) think it feels "wrong" when the book is upside down. This is especially true if the spine has some sort of artwork. I'd like to mention that Project Euler states that they'd prefer that people not publish the solutions publicly: > I learned so much solving problem XXX so is it okay to publish my solution elsewhere? It appears that you have answered your own question. There is nothing quite like that "Aha!" moment when you finally beat a problem which you have been working on for some time. It is often through the best of intentions in wishing to share our insights so that others can enjoy that moment too. Sadly, however, that will not be the case for your readers. Real learning is an active process and seeing how it is done is a long way from experiencing that epiphany of discovery. Please do not deny others what you have so richly valued yourself. Just saying. macOS comes with Python 2 by default. Have Hammerspoon do this for me on macOS, except the shortcuts are more like Caps Lock+T is Terminal, etc. If you have a free account, you can install an app from source and it will remain valid for 7 days. > But almost every popular game in app store will read your contacts and send to its server. Only if you let it. > No one, except for top companies are able to follow UI guidelines, and most apps has weird UI. Hmm, I'm not a top company but I try to follow the UI guidelines. In fact, by default, if you use native controls, you're doing that for free! > Even you are making app as a hobby, you will likely use privacy-invasive ad networks in order to pay back $100/year ad store fee. That's only if you want to make money. Some people don't; they do it just for fun. The code is compiled on-the-fly and dynamically linked. Until your certificate expires, so a year. That's the point. It's meant for testing your apps, not distributing them. Don't work there, but I know that Apple tends to use spaces for their public-facing code–I'd expect that their internal code does too. Especially since it covers a ton of content on the left side… I think most of the water usage is not from growing the trees, but in the actual manufacturing process. Quick question: what are the properties of this paper? Can I burn it? Fold it? Eat it? Yep, a lot of places in the US have their own Wi-Fi, especially in malls. I would like to respectfully disagree with you here. While I believe that self driving cars are infinitely better than human drivers, in this case I'd exercise caution. The issue here is that the vehicle is not fully self-driving–it still requires a human to be paying attention. The problem is that the system appears to be automatic and as such reduces the driver's focus; I've heard stories of people simply tuning out while this "autopilot" on, not knowing that they must be alert for any exceptional circumstances. In this case, the autopilot may actually make it slightly less safe–not from its inherent design, but by human psychology. It's still pretty easy to tune out even if you're gripping the steering wheel… Looks cool, but I didn't see Java 10 anywhere. What's the timeframe for this? Is this truly a part of Java 10, considering that Java 9 is still in development? Hmm…possibly there's some other process going on during those "slowdowns" that we haven't observed yet? Huh, that's stange. He's been at Tesla what? 6 months? Interesting to see that he's moved on already. Yep, I remember them being part of Google Earth. IIRC they had one of the night sky as well. Yep, I got the same thing. I guess support isn't complete yet? That's because your browser is too narrow to display the text, so it's wrapping. Sounds like the quickest way to get a call from the university's IT department… Yep, that's basically it. You can't link any code to it. I think it was added just to make your launch screen look as similar as possible to your app's first screen. iOS most certainly does not use ImageMagick to generate this images. Delta updates are for users, not developers. It means that they don't have to download the full app when updating. Yes, but IT departments at universities are lazy and quick to label incidents like this as "hacking". Much of the reason for that is outlined in the article. Would you mind explaining in a bit more detail what you mean here? I'm not quite sure where you're getting those numbers from. Ahh, I got it. For whatever reason I didn't associate 109->10^9 and 106->10^6. If I remember correctly DogeTipBot shut down after stealing a bunch of funds from its users, removing a significant use for DogeCoin. Because it's cool! It's interesting to see how they're improving emulation, and often they come up with interesting ways to do so. Of course with absolute legislation like this you're going to end up with someone abusing the rules. Already been sued too many times this year (as any large company is)? Congratulations, you're now immune to lawsuits. The article is probably taking artistic license with the term "half life" to refer to the unusual longevity of interest in trinitite. Tektites ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tektite ) are similar to trinitite, but originate from meteorite impacts instead. I believe you're referring to JailbreakMe. Yes, it was Safari-based, but no, it wasn't the first jailbreak. Umm…I think you mean Jango Fett, not "Jengo" Fett, in the caption for the first image in the second article. Cars was a Pixar movie. Possibly, but that doesn't mean they can't spell it correctly in an image caption. Indiana Jones is right below it, and it's correct. It doesn't look like it right now: > all websites with form fields served over HTTP will show a "Not secure" warning to the user As long as you don't have a form field, you should be fine. Wikipedia[1] says otherwise: > [Cars was] Pixar's final independently-produced motion picture before its purchase by Disney in May 2006 [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cars_(film) Yep, since you can also manually enter the code. Looks really cool! Just a couple of questions: 1. Are you planning to release this as open source? I really want this to have a native Cocoa interface on macOS. 2. When you say Gmail, do you mean email or Hangouts? 3. Where are you getting these APIs from? Because some people want to do more than keep a couple chat windows open at once? Anyways, which antivirus is flagging this? I believe you can do 3, but it would take a non trivial amount of work to do so. > lightweight as well Not on my machine, it wasn't. Yep. Not sure about Kirundi, but in Hindi it's not really an issue since the tense of the sentence gives it away. 800/999 is worse than brute force at that point… I'm curious: why would anyone steal such an conspicuous bike? It's really hard to pass one of these off as your own when riding it. Essentially. When there is confusion, extra words are added to clarify as dingo_bat mentions above. On average it would take around 500 guesses. One would have expected that with your "method" you could have reduced this by an order of magnitude (i.e. not 800) at least. Otherwise you're really just wasting time with additional steps for each trial. Joke was that they needed it so that they could make their WWDC slides this year. Is this Windows-only? I'm not seeing it on macOS. I wouldn't be surprised if this became an issue in the future, with Atom's popularity on the rise… > have to be fully reliant on one service My inner cynic says that that's probably the reason why they don't provide this service. The joke is that git is decentralized–it's just GitHub that's a single point of failure. > Do you? Actually, yes! Statistically it's safer than living next to a coal-fired plant. Just because people "see it differently" doesn't mean that the statistics behind it are flawed… > I see no basis for that assumption, especially as nuclear energy has known risks that e.g. wind power doesn't. But why do the risks matter? One would expect that two turbines or nuclear power plants would kill twice as many people, on average… The Chernobyl 30 km Exclusion Zone is actually not that bad, apart from the slight radioactivity. Since there's no human interference, it's essentially a sanctuary for local wildlife. Translation: their protection is bad and they don't want to reveal its mediocrity publicly, or there was no attack. > Apple's mention in the keynote when FaceTime was announced that it would be open They were planning to do so, but got caught up in a lawsuit with VirnetX. iOS vector asset catalogs (which use PDFs) actually don't support true vector rendering; any vector images are converted to PNGs at compile time. > isn't it possible to bundle some dynamically loaded libraries that can be shared by multiple apps Yes, there is one: the standard library, provided by Apple. However, many apps eschew this to use their own libraries and frameworks for whatever reason, be it ease of use or feature enhancements, and these cannot be shared. > Interesting, I find that surprising due to the overhead involved. Due to the frequency of this, objc_msgSend (which handles dynamic method calls) is hand-written in assembly, with caching and "fast paths" to improve speed. The overhead can usually be brought down to that of a virtual function call in C++. Not for apps like Facebook. Their app binary is in the hundreds of megabytes. > my MacBook keeps nagging me that my "hard disk" (actually an SSD) is "full" because I only have 3GB of free space That's because it will use that space for caches and swap, and you're preventing it from doing so and making the system slower. Unrelated, but that website had around 100 words of actual article, and a bunch of unnecessary other information. The date, for example, was repeated twice , and there was a link to Theranos's website (not to mention a short "about" paragraph) on their own website . Forgive me if I don't quite find your source credible, since it appears to have been written by a volunteer, and since it doesn't actually give concrete evidence on maximum recommended dose. Yes, and I took at look at them. Some of the studies (especially the blood cookies or whatever ones) actually mentioned that heme iron actually helped anemic children. Many of the others could not come to a conclusion. Personal anecdote: I bought an Apple Watch early and didn't really know what to do with it. It wasn't until I fell off my bike and broke it did I realize how much more exercise I was getting with it. I bought another one soon after. There really hasn't been much focus it from Google AFAIK. I was getting a ton of exercise with the Watch, broke it, and stopped exercising because I wasn't being reminded to. Relevant xkcd (what-if actually, but close enough): https://what-if.xkcd.com/117/ It's written in…Rust? That's interesting. How is it interacting with Cocoa? EDIT: It looks like it's using the rubrail package, which links with the private DFRFoundation framework. rubrail itself is using the objc package. I think this code snippet from the README[1] is enough: let cls = Class::get("NSObject").unwrap(); let obj: *mut Object = msg_send![cls, new]; let hash: usize = msg_send![obj, hash]; let is_kind: BOOL = msg_send![obj, isKindOfClass:cls]; // Even void methods must have their return type annotated let _: () = msg_send![obj, release]; Ugh. Why? [1] https://github.com/SSheldon/rust-objc What? Cocoa, or toucHNews? Yes, I know that–that's why I'm surprised anyone would go the trouble to write code that way. Dynamic linking to what , though? The features you're looking for have to available in a library for you to be able to link to it. Going to hackathons? > Most people like themselves [Citation Needed] > Do people enjoy rewriting code? No, of course not. The way I see it, Swift is scared to go the "Java" route where backwards compatibility is valued above all else, leaving the language an antiquated mess. The Swift 3->4 migration was not bad, actually–just a couple of small changes to source here and there. With ABI stability I think we'll see the adoption of Swift for libraries and frameworks increase significantly. Are all of your comments about Rust? What exactly do you mean "call down into C"? You should be able to call C functions directly from Swift, albeit with UnsafePointer and the like. It really doesn't take all that long. I've migrated apps consisting of 20K-30K lines of code in a couple hours–mind you, many of the changes were not due to Swift 4, but those in the Cocoa/Cocoa Touch Swift overlays. File a Radar and someone will get around to fixing it: http://bugreport.apple.com/ So, based on this[1] they've just wrapped the calls with their own…not sure if there are any real benefits here. [1]: https://golang.org/src/syscall/syscall_linux.go I downloaded "A Swift Tour" a week or two ago and it was written in Swift 4 (a fact which I found out when I tried to run it in Swift Playgrounds 1.5). When did you try it? > Apple is horrible about bugs and providing feedback. Yes, they can be a bit tight-lipped. I have found that they're pretty quick on fixing documentation though. They won't tell you that it's resolved, but it's usually updated within a couple of days. > Doesn't someone at Apple check the examples to make sure they still work? I'd expect that they do, but some slip through the cracks. Maybe on of the Apple engineers in this thread could weigh in? > Once Swift 5 comes out, does that mean it's "safe" for people to write things in Swift? It means it's "safe" to ship binaries to people without providing the source and it should remain compatible forever™. > It's a complete mess, and hearing year on year "this is the last time we'll break everything" is getting very tiring. Swift 3->4 was much easier. Of course, if you're still stuck on Swift 2 this isn't going to help you much… > Can you promise me if I push for the rewrite in Swift 5 it will be the last time we need to do that (for a reasonable amount of time, say 5 years? Or that changes will be far far more gradual and can incorporate it with our workflow?) That's how it was supposed to be in Swift 4, and it should get better from there. > Ever tried to have 60fps on a tableview with constraint-based layout cells Yes. I've found AutoLayout to be acceptable in this case, provided you're not doing something awful. I can see this playing out, but not as quickly as the author suggests. Cameras and cellphones last a couple years at the most, and are much easier to replace, than a car is. Sure, everyone wants a self driving car, but not everyone can switch just like that. Those are minor uses, though. Sigh…the struggles of dealing with Google Talk’s limited Jabber interface… Most people can’t tell the difference and go with the default. Even the people who have it installed are often redirected to Apple Maps by Siri and location links since they will always use it. > Researchers know it is roughly 10-and-a-half hours, but they would like a more precise number. I find it interesting that something this “basic” is still not known. Couldn’t they just take photos of how long it takes certain features, say storms or clouds, to reappear? I’m not sure it really affects the result. Wind speeds on Saturn top out at around 1,000 miles per hour. Using some back of the napkin math, the rotation “speed” at the equator should be well over 20,000 miles per hour. Is that not enough to get an accurate assessment? Is this just a Maps thing, or does the Compass app also give incorrect results? There's a built-in Compass app that you could use… iOS 11 has an option to disable this even when the app explicitly says they only support background location access. If that app uses a Safari View Controller. > if you wanted to modify your email client, or at least the one above (Mail.app, the default client for Mac), there is no clean way to extend it. There are no plugins. Mail.app supports plugins. > Why can't I have a file in two places at once on my filesystem? So…a hardlink? > Why don't my native apps do that? Dynamic text lets you do this, but it's mobile-only currently. > have started deprecating the Applescript bindings which make it work underneath Since when? > They are not flashy buildings. Actually, that's a pretty good way to tell who they belong to. Apple buildings have a signature "style"–blacked out windows, trees very close to the building, a small Apple logo on one of the doors somewhere, and umbrellas on the second floor terraces. If you learn the clues it's pretty easy to spot them. > I would assume that the OS X TTS engine is the same as Siri's as it would be available in High Sierra. Nope, macOS uses a different set of voices for TTS, which are named differently as well. They work offline and are nowhere as good as Siri. Why, and from whom? Their parents? Their school? Corporations? On macOS everyone I know uses some sort of search, be it Spotlight or Alfred or QuickSilver, to open apps. This generally works well–I can open most apps in under a second. > It's especially popular with elderly travellers, as there's no hassle of transit. That, and the fact that there are a lot of Indian elderly who make the Delhi-San Francisco flight regularly to visit children who work in the Bay Area. Curiously, I feel the opposite way–Xcode's support for managing certificates is pretty awful (it's gotten better recently, but it still occasionally gives cryptic errors for no discernible reason). For actual programming, though, it works pretty well as long as it doesn't crash. On iOS, tapping the middle of the status bar will scroll up to the top. You’re lucky you didn’t have to pay the dead beer tax on that one. Which is why Chrome’s memory usage isn’t used as a goal or target… According to rumors this will be primarily an iPhone/Apple Watch/Apple TV event…so make of it what you will. If you have a MagSafe connector, cover the middle pin with electrical tape. I'm pretty sure that no C formatter can handle tokens that run together. > a kernel module whose sole purpose seems to be to inject advertisements into the user’s unencrypted web traffic Ugh…why is this even a thing? Like who thought it would be okay to add this "feature" to a modem, let alone at the kernel level where it would be difficult to disable and easier to be compromised? They give out free T-shirts, duh! On a more serious note, it looks like some sort of social media website. That's because they want you using their app, which they have more control over and where they can disable features like background playback and Picture in Picture which they can then charge you for. That's because there wasn't as much plastic in the water for them to consume. Well, you need to figure out an economically viable method of producing these bacteria in the quantities necessary and the perform research on the impact that these bacteria will have on the environment… The man was charged with "violat[ing] state regulations and intrud[ing] into computer systems with information concerning state affairs, construction of defense facilities, and sophisticated science and technology." It's bizarre interpretations of the law like this, that don't even fit the "crime", that show that the underlying reason was to send a message instead of actually performing a legitimate arrest. > STM32F103T8U6 (ARM Cortex M3, clock frequency 72 MHz) That's one powerful chip for a soldering iron. Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if someone can pull this off–to me it looks plenty powerful enough for it. Back in my day we did animations in 8 MHz and we liked it! A 2x4 is a piece of lumber that measures around 2” by 4” in depth and breadth (in reality, it’s slightly smaller) and is often used for structural work. I’d expect that you’d go outside for such needs. > intermediate-mass black holes (IMBHs), which are formed by the runaway coalescence of stars in young compact star clusters How exactly would this work to produce something with a mass of 10^5 solar masses? Isn't that a bit large for the combination of a couple stars? Ahh, I get it. Thanks for the detailed response! I was wondering where the 10^5 solar masses were coming from–certainly it's not just a couple of stars merging and creating a black hole. Aside: is this website messing up the scroll for anyone else? This is exactly how Swift’s Strings work. The issue with your model is that’s graphemes ultimately don’t behave like you may expect a character to. For example, it may take multiple code points to make a grapheme, so getting the index of any particular one might require walking the string instead of a constant time access since any one code point could be “globbed” with its neighbors into a grapheme–in a way that is dependent on its neighbors . Yes, but it’s essentially loading a bunch of webviews in tabs. Second this guide. It’s pretty short, but it has everything I’ve seemed to need at least. Actually, it takes around 0.3 to double to power. …this is a Medium article. If I remember correctly I saw a Bose demo where they were able to roll their car over speed bumps and it would stay completely level. I’m not sure if that completely negated their impact, but it looked like it from the video. > chuck norrys If you’re going to try to capitalize on an internet meme, at least try to do the job properly. > 98% of the same performance and features You’re talking about phones with hardware from half a decade ago. How exactly are you getting the same performance and features, let alone even support or updates from manufacturers?