http://arxiv.org/ My current-model MacBook Air would be perfect with 1TB SSD and 16GB RAM,and removable battery. Yes, I would accept the portability hit. It's fast enough, and I'm deeply relieved that the backlit keyboard returned. This site may provide some help. They sold licensed fabric items on eBay that contained Disney characters. Repeat, licensed. Disney tried to take them down using DMCA and other strongarm tactics. They won against Disney using DIY techniques--no lawyers involved! I know it's not the same situation but you would be well advised to visit their site at http://www.tabberone.com/Trademarks/Articles/Tabberone/Fight... A lovely tribute, and a view of retirement that matches mine completely. One might also add simply that, Calvinistic though this may be, work is good for us. My father retired at 59 for reasons that are still unclear to me (he loved his job) and died a year later. Wonderfully written and a page turner. Bookmarked it but ended up devouring the thing in one sitting. Deserves widespread publication. Guo is a remarkable dude, and brutally honest. It's a tale of perseverance and canny self-promotion from a guy who is spectacularly good at learning from failure. I felt an almost parental joy upon reading the outcome. Publish this on Kindle, Mr. Guo! Andrew Youderian's posts are always perceptive. As a dude who runs all his own blogs, I have to admit he has me thinking twice about the whole self-hosting thang. Good for sites I know will achieve limited traffic (like my HOA), but WPEngine may be worth considering for bigger commercial sites. I do loves my own plugins, though. Text-only cached page: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://... Incredibly perceptive and amazingly employee-centric. I've learned a lot of this the hard way. i didn't know there was a cross-platform emoji problem Politically incorrect question for Rebol jocks: Doesn't Red ( http://www.red-lang.org/ ) appear to have the vitality lost years ago by Rebol? Am seriously not trying to be rude to Carl Sassenrath, Rebol's inventor. Just discovered Rebol lately so am not very tuned in to the ecosystem. But Red has been open source for some time, it appears to be dramatically faster, and seems to be free of Carl's understandable urges to keep some kind of control in an anarchic world? I say this as someone trying to decide which one to invest my very limited non-work time in one of these two very worthy projects. http://www.web2py.com By far the most comprehensive, most underrated Python framework (actually, any web framework) that I know of. Incredibly complete library. Fantastic community. Most responsive project creator/manager-place is a dream. Agree with the conclusion, but some of the reasoning is unsound. This statement is patently untrue: "This doesn’t mean you can attract smart hackers to your language just by running an advertising campaign though. Sun tried that with Java, but a: their marketing was too explicit, and it just seemed like one company trying to push its own technology, and b: Java itself is a detestable language. So, in addition, it seems like language quality is not something you can make up for in marketing." It implies that Java failed in the marketplace. It did not. It has taken and kept huge market share. Sadly, it is the language most employers are hiring for. I would rather poke myself in the eye with a pencil than program in Java, but it has most certainly succeeded in the enterprise. Little puzzled here. How is it a "mistake"? A mistake is dropping a teacup while you're washing dishes. This is a deliberate act of ridicule. Little puzzled here. How is it a "mistake"? A mistake is dropping a teacup while you're washing dishes. This is a deliberate act of ridicule. I use all-free photos from these places http://morguefile.com/ http://www.photorack.net/ http://publicdomainclip-art.blogspot.com/ (found at article: http://webmarketingfree.com/free/royalty-free-photos-top-3-f... ) We all know these things never work as well as the demos. Well... this worked as well as the demo. Better, actually--I was literally finished before I knew it because I didn't see the real-time update on the right at first. A deceptively simple UI and beautifully implemented. Useful, well conceived--I'm quite impressed. Are there any pictures of completed WikiHouses anywhere? Couldn't find one via web search. This also serves as a clear illustration of SQLite internals and DBMS internals in general without thick clots of rubbish jargon. Nice. If you're interested in database implementation this neatly covers a multitude of topics. That's awesome, because I almost never rent clerks. Ba dum dum. We do get that she was an admitted terrorist and conspired to murder a man, right? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emma_Goldman#Homestead_plot Been a while since I looked at ELF but it would sure be nice if it used, say, a well-defined ELF subset to make use of the many ELF tools out there already. Amazing how much you wedged into 995 bytes. I have to admit, I would have been willing to pay 997 or 988 bytes for it, but I'm a big spender ;-) A lot of jargon. Not much information. It did not inspire me to visit his blog. "Colleague" is the term used in some European languages. But really--get over yourselves. No one really cares. Thank you for pointing out lobste.rs. I like it. Can you issue me an invite? How did I not know this! Elegant. Thank you. Fantastic having it appear before anything else the shell does. incredibly tight work: ss14-team-15.divshot.io/js/framework7.css ss14-team-15.divshot.io/framework7/js/framework7.js Not a shrink but all these symptoms point to depression. Strongly suggest you visit clergy, therapist, or some other caring but impartial person. No shame in that. You wouldn't treat your own MS or gallstones. Article does not address licensing terms; what's in it for Unity? Rice cooker #3: Do farmers have the time or inclination to photo, name, and update the status of individual sheep? For those who don't know, Hendershott wrote Cakewalk, the most popular music-creation software on the PC. He knows his stuff. It's also an engaging article, esp for us old C/C++ hacks who get nervous around Lispy things. That's a whole lot of words to replace "In vino veritas". Also explains why teetotalers like me are sometimes considered suspect. Another cinematic application for a rabbit-proof fence: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0246578/ Is starvation more safe? Article does not address danger to aircraft. I grew up in a place I don't want to return to. Also, I have two handicapped kids, one of whom will need round-the-clock care long after I'm dead. I got sick (at 21) of crappy bosses. And finally, I chose a good field to work in (programming) I became highly self-motivated at 21 because I was a dropout & knew I had to be better than my degreed peers to get an equally good job. It was either go to college, then get some crappy job as a teacher, or find an area of programming so challenging that it scared other programmers (back then, it was embedded systems and compiler implementation). Ever since I decided at 21 to become a programmer (despite having absolutely no tech background) I have studied for my next job while I'm working the current one. At 34 Microsoft hired me with no resume despite the fact that I was old and the last thing I graduated from was middle school. One thing I always keep in mind is this: are there people dumber than I am doing better than I am in whatever I happen to be doing at the moment? If the answer is yes, then I know I can be just as successful simply by working as hard as I need to until I'm as good as they are, or maybe a little better. Have been CEO of my own company for 14 years now, but continue to study current programming practices and to do interesting projects with them. No matter what job I have had, no matter how good, I have always operated under the assumption I could lose it all tomorrow, and that I would be facing stiff competition for jobs. I avoided Silicon Valley because it was too much of a pressure cooker. Instead I lived in more laid back areas that still had some tech presence. This let me live a moderately balanced life despite essentially working 2 jobs at all times. Had I gone to Silicon Valley I knew, even in the late 80s, I would be slave to an 80 hour-per-week job and end up, in all likelihood, with nothing to show for it. I read the industry and business press carefully from afar & kept a close eye on what was doing well and where the market was underserved. I tried to match my skills to holes in the market. My approach can be scary because I have to take on more risk, but the rewards have been better. Because of this I invested lots in Microsoft stock in the late 90s when everyone said they were dead. Their past, and their P/Ls, said something very different. The stock I owned went up 1300% during this time because everyone else, including Microsofties, was trying to get out if it. (I exited at the peak.) This money helped me invest in the business I own now. It was also a risky buy at the bottom of a market. I have more than one paid-for house and no debt but I still keep up my skills. Though my income is very good, even in my 50s I am ready to work as a developer or architect if my company shuts down tomorrow. By being barely smarter than Gene Simmons. Michael Crichton directed IIRC. No disrespect meant; I don't know either one of you. But is it possible your work is in fact subpar? This has happened to me (I was the one who needed to improve). I urge you to look at your work in that light and see things from your coworker's perspective. That was a generous and fascinating answer. You're a force to be reckoned with. What are you doing now? Have you finished your studies? "Start Small, Stay Small" by Rob Walling. Discusses how to get a one-person business going for the least possible cost & time. http://goo.gl/ztkc3t "web2py Complete Reference Manual, 6th Edition Prerelease", by far my favorite Python framework and being used for my new startup--see above! http://goo.gl/2kdl6O "Field of Prey", John Sandford, a well-written thriller. http://goo.gl/F8QCoe I've purchased virtually every MacBook Air model. Even the earliest, slowest ones were (barely) acceptable for XCode and YouTube simultaneously. Modern versions, very much so. If you can, buy the maximum RAM. Expensive, I know. Obviously the more SSD you can afford the better. I'm a complete idiot. You're right--it's well worth printing a single card at position 1 (or 0 ;-) and throwing away the rest of the sheet. Doh! Also, thank you for giving me the search term "id card printer". I didn't even come close with my fumbling attempts at things like "print business cards 1 at a time" and so forth. Thanks. I didn't know these existed either. I'm learning a lot today. Done and done. Thank you. I also did not know about integrated cards, aka integrated forms. These are almost certainly my best bet on further consideration. Thank you. I have use snapnames many times. You may consider it expensive ($70/pop) but it's so reliable that it's well worth the peace of mind for me. I kept rooting for a flood fill algorithm. I was a late starter and I am a slow learner. I was desperate to get into the computer field but couldn't afford college. When I saw the friendly September 1983 cover in a Crown bookstore I instinctively felt like I was home. Back in those days you could find lots of recycled crap by authors who knew nothing but how to cash in on the microcomputer craze, or tons of abstruse theory without any examples. COMPUTE fixed both problems, teaching the theory behind the code it presented while staying accessible. COMPUTE shepherded me to what has been to me an enormously successful career (great jobs, fascinating work, complete independence, no debt, the ability to take care of two medically expensive children, and my house paid for). The writing was lively. It was actually edited. Even the colors and illustration were buoyant but not condescending. The best programs in those days were written in assembly, but assembly listings were way too long, no one knew assembly, and no one could afford an assembler. So most magazines had to repurpose Hangman and Hunt the Wumpus every third article. COMPUTE's innovative answer was MSX, which allowed users the ability to get a professionally created machine language program without having to subscribe to expensive online resources or to mail in for an expensive floppy disk. MSX was ingenious and no other magazine had anything like it. It was a short BASIC program you would use to enter the numbers shown (not the first column). The two-digit columns were converted by MSXX to a binary executable. It then wrote the program straight into memory. You could then save your finished program on tape or disk. The rewards could be splendid. The December issue shown on the right featured Speedscript, a good enough word processor that I was able to make a living with it for years as a technical writer. (Had to hook up an electric typewriter to my PC via a parallel interface gizmo.) Yes, it took me probably 4 hours to enter, but I was literally able to earn a living with it. Another revolutionary program was Laser Chess. It spawned many imitators, some thriving to this day. I confess I never played it because I was actually too jealous, despite a lifelong interest in strategy games. The game was so good, it just hurt too much. empressplay's remark about checksum problems is sort of true. It had a crude checksum feature that worked line by line, and occasionally a false positive went through, requiring you to spend a few hours retyping the program. Stil, the only other way you could find new apps this good was to pay way more than the price of a magazine. COMPUTE actually paid decently, so you even saw people like Orson Scott Card on the payroll. He edited one of my articles but I hadn't read Enders Game. My editor Clifton Karnes is and always was both a first-rate programmer and commercial-quality graphic artist, and was a wonderful editor to boot. I've made lots of money, bought way too many guitars, and got to work at one of the greatest companies in the world (Microsoft's dev tools division at their peak), but few things were as thrilling as when I became a writer and then columnist for COMPUTE! It had given so much to me--literally, a dream career in very dark times--that I still grateful to be a part of their history. RIP, COMPUTE! And thank you for 30+ years of working awesome jobs, all of which may have gone into the bitbucket without that first September 1983 issue. Brilliant! I really wish I thought of that one! Is there a way to add lists, ideally with multiple columns? No access for the handicapped. Are there any Oberon systems around to try/buy? Doh! http://www.oberon.ethz.ch/downloads/index Let me commend them on the clarity of their writing. When the audiences is themselves it's brisk, vigorous, candid, and refreshingly to the point. Now contrast that with monstrosities like the Affordable Health Care Act, thousands of pages long, nearly impenetrable, and executed without any of the legislators involved actually reading or understanding it. Or the tax code, which is incapable of returning idempotent values when the same functions are applied to identical inputs. It never hurt me, back when I was applying for honest jobs (self employed now). Whether or not I worked for other people, I was always doing things I knew would advance my career. Absolutely true! But it seems like playing with fire to use a powerfully psychoactive drug like hash when one has such symptoms. He doesn't seem to mention that he stopped smoking up. Common sense tells us that would probably be a good idea. Kudos, Meteor team! Now, SQL, please... If this project works it could prove a godsend to users with disabilities, even though it can't by definition ever be state of the art (as observed elsewhere in this post modern phones have zero wasted space, and housing/integration will necessarily require more space per feature). A functioning Ara ecosystem would allow the economical creation of devices with smaller production runs. One version may have a much bigger amplifier/speaker unit for hard of hearing users. Another may have a huge screen for those with impaired eyesight. Yet another could be optimized for those with extremely limited motor function à la Stephen Hawking. It will also be a godsend to me, because even though I have giant farmer hands, I detest phones bigger than an iPhone 4S. Bonus points for the quote This befuddling complexity is not confined to the vagina. First off, props to this krewe for tackling a large and scary topic, for exceptional clarity, and especially their humility. At about a 1% spread, the differences among languages are negligible. Even a sample this size is too small: A first glance at Figure 1(a) reveals that defect proneness of the languages indeed depends on the domain. For example, in the Middleware domain JavaScript is most defect prone (31.06% defect proneness). This was little surprising to us since JavaScript is typically not used for Middleware domain. On a closer look, we find that JavaScript has only one project, v8 (Google’s JavaScript virtual machine), in Middleware domain that is responsible for all the errors. I dislike Al Franken's politics greatly, but I think it's every bit his right to use the bully pulpit this way (I mean this sincerely). If Uber did track a journalist it is reprehensible. But how Uber could benefit from answering this fishing expedition? If I were Uber I'd simply stonewall. They are under no legal compunction to answer, and virtually no answer would help them. Fascinating! So the letter is probably a veiled threat. I hope the Senate has better things to do with its time, though a debate of much stronger privacy laws would be a healthy outcome of this mess. A wonderful educational tool for anyone interested in writing an in-memory compiler or who just wants to get a feel for the ELF format documentation, which can be... deep. Beautiful story in so many ways. Thank you. Lots of similarities here, though I was self taught & ended up (very, very happily) at Microsoft for a few years. Your stories of family were enormously powerful & bittersweet. what a ride. This just seems like a giant incoherent wish list with no central vision or any sense of the inevitable compromise required for any language of stature. Oh yeah, another thing happened this year. The hivemind turned its back on the creator of JavaScript because he had a private, principled difference of opinion that was never in the slightest reflected in his public role. True! Source: Am old So Github banned Brendan Eich who was so mild in his beliefs they were unknown for years after he contributed to a principled cause. However, they welcome the Russian Federation, which has thrown thousands of people into gulags, taken over media outlets, and has rolled over US allies with impunity. I'm an idiot! I blanked and decided he was CEO of Github, not Mozilla. Downvotes to my totally irrelevant comment richly deserved. Apologies. Thanks for calling me out. I was totally wrong. See above. No mention of brain teaser questions, which is A Good Thing IMHO. The collaborate-on-a-recent-problem one is also a strong idea. It would reveal things about the candidate that practicing brain teasers would not. ..and SNAP! Great work, dmytrish. This is a godsend to people trying to fight their way through traditional compiler texts. Thanks for a truly impressive contribution to the language dev world. I believe #2 is key and have thought for years this could be the basis of a super-effective site. But not a lucrative one: a key problem is that any kind of monetization that would benefit the doctors doing the rating could pervert the results. Not true at all. web2py is infinitely more capable than rails and has been compatible in all releases since 1.0, over 7 years ago. UndoManager is an unusual and welcome addition to such libs. Codebase as a whole looks pretty darn clean. Would like to understand reason for downvotes... LiveCode is a serious, legitimate, cross platform successor to HyperCard. It's a pretty sweet programming environment. But beware the GPL license with the Community Edition, which requires that any code you originate with the Community Edition remain public domain, even if you get a commercial license. Commercial too. I think corporate devs are perfectly fine with a few rough edges or less than cutting-edge tools or even (gasp) having to pay for software. It would be awesome to know what firms have actual functioning support contracts, for example. Did you read the post fully? By far the most disturbing part for me was his report that courts going all the way up to SCOTUS appear to view wikis as authoritative, even a link that was demonstrably wrong. This is a neat idea, with lots of clean source code. First off, sorry it didn't work out as a business. Agree with you that it has a place in the enterprise, and that marketing to the enterprise is a huge job. I would very much like a demo or two or at least working endpoints backed by a little data (the ones at https://github.com/BjoernKW/ZenQuery#formats don't work); unfortunately like many of us I don't have as much time as I'd like to delve into the code w/out examples. ...but your professor was wrong, OP. Wrangling spreadsheets means no permissions (anyone could make changes), no audit trail (and you would't know who made changes), and no enforcement of business rules. "Technology made it obsolete to shadow suspects on foot (Hammett’s specialty) and by car, with satellite imagery making it possible to see a case to completion from the privacy of a cubicle." What sort of cases would be solved using satellite imagery? Here, let me burn the exceptionally modest amount of karma I have on HN. I am married to an immigrant. Immigrants have been huge contributors to the country. We should keep 'em coming. I'm pretty sure virtually all "anti-immigrants" agree. But what many call "anti-immigrant" is propaganda, due to deliberate and willful devaluation of the term "immigrant". It has come to supplant the more accurate terms "illegal alien" or the more modern "illegal immigrant". We spent years navigating the hideous INS bureaucracy to obtain her citizenship. Amnesty bills are a slap in the face to those of us who played by the rules. The fact that existing immigration laws go largely unenforced have resulted in depressed wages and large swathes of the Texas and Arizona borders becoming killing grounds and defacto "no go zones". Farmers' lands on the border are becoming unusable and dangerous. Illegal immigrants place enormous burdens on hospitals in border states. Like many on the right, I am strongly for legal immigration on pretty generous terms. I am strongly anti-illegal immigrant, and not the least bit "anti-immigrant". I do want to see existing laws enforced. Soup to nuts deployment issues. When to use Docker. What to monitor, when. What logs to look at. How to balance security against convenience. How to use Fabric to deploy a Python app. How to completely script server deployment of web apps. How to turn a toy database-backed app written in Python into production code, and exactly what shims, insecure development features, etc. should be removed. Send to their ISP. Usually that's very efficient. Not sure how this proves chrome is falling apart? I would just be happy with a file-based interface that would let me know physically where my photos are, where they're backed up to on iCloud, and could easily be moved to another storage device. Reading it 100 times deeply informed many of the greatest minds of the age, and naturally created an educated citizenry for generations. A model of presentation of data. Its clarity belies the variety of techniques used. Perfect use of word clouds. Thank you. Ambitious. The enormous clear canopies are a recipe for unbearable heat and mugginess in the California daylight. I'm guessing there are some clever ventilation schemes to counter it? The high native grasses are perfect hiding places for vermin. Bitcoin is more volatile than state currency. Do large institutions that accept it have some kind of hedging strategy? It will be fascinating to see what kind of objective measurements we'll be able to get out of it in future decades--biological diversity, erosion properties, etc. Probably: http://science.dodlive.mil/2010/09/01/remote-control-of-brai... It seems to forget debouncing by the computer's BIOS, or is that now handled by keyboard hardware? Couldn't a perfectly adequate parser have been written in about the same time as the blog post? Downvotes not justified. Lane's reviews are distressingly snarktastic. This article and its footnotes constitute the best summary of an IBM mainframe computing environment I have ever encountered. Have occasionally tried to read the old reference materials but they were never remotely this cogent. He also makes good use of modern context, since we have now settled on fundamentals such as word length, binary encoding, and so on. A masterpiece in miniature. Does not work for me. I end up with a crushed soul and a complete inability to function. A stunning environmental victory, if true. And in case the bureaucratic hand in India sounds heavy, it is probably worse here in the Land of the Free: http://www.ncsl.org/research/environment-and-natural-resourc... A little surprised by the resistance to your suggestion. Apparently I too am doomed to retire into marketing after 30 years of programming. "Are you ignorant of what it means to be ignorant?" FTW A good paper and a fairly easy read. Reynolds is diplomatic: While he mentions in the abstract that "In the early history of continuations, basic concepts were independently discovered an extraordinary number of times. This was due less to poor communication among computer scientists than to the rich variety of set- tings in which continuations were found useful" the truth appears to be more textured. In the body of the article he cites a number of occasions in which seemingly relevant papers were declined from journals for what seem to be petty reasons. Ditto. It was a boon to me too. So nicely written. Rumspringa is a practice observed by very few Amish sects, and has not been shown to increase happiness in its participants. Lists laid out in an obvious format are not subject to copyright. Responsive SQL, please! Now please fix race conditions everywhere else, like Baltimore. Press space or swipe or right arrow Man, me too. I feel more comfortable knowing where all my memory is, and that my types are being checked at compile time. We love these things. We have bought at least 8 of the Totos over the last 10 years. None has ever needed repair (we have several houses). They helped me a lot after an abdominal operation, and are good for our severely learning delayed son. They applied crushed mica to some of the illustrations, and the book description says it was particularly effective in pictures of the wings. Also, I like the bear suit. If you believe that deeply in that idea, then turn it into a startup. Put your own money into it and I'm sure you'll see truly interesting results! That's extremely rough--sorry. Do you have an ad on Craigslist? Seems like everyone I try to hire for a gig on CL here in Seattle is busy. At the moment I don't need anyone but over the years I have used CL for short-term projects. Some of them were remote, some required in-person meets. I'm just saying that they all seemed to get work on CL pretty regularly. Austin Allred, this tracks with my experience. I too earn a high integer multiple of what I would have made had I not taken my self-education seriously. My case may be different from others, because I am self taught at both business and programming. I have always treated professional literature as my "college education", except that unless most CS courses it has always applied directly to my own professional development. As well as what you said, I give myself permission to study only what's relevant. If I learn just one useful thing from a $50 book there's a very high chance it will pay for the book many, many times over. I do not torture myself by treating every book as if I have some kind of obligation to read it cover to cover. I think it's criminally malicious to lock knowledge away behind a paywall. Free is a good start. Fapjacks, you sound very generous with the fruits of other people's labor. I assume you make your housing, transportation, computer hardware, clothing, and other possessions you earned freely available to others--please publish your address so we can take advantage of your largesse. Here in the States, many of the Framers agreed with you regarding intellectual property (I think Jefferson was one.) I am not that giving. The USA decided to balance the incentive to create against the public interest, so they decided to create a "paywall" in the form of patent and copyright protection (said protection having gone way, way overboard in the last 30 years, IMHO). I support this balance (and yes, I have given away much IP as well as charged for other IP I developed). I am perfectly willing to support those who work hard enough at something that they are willing to take a chance on the open market by charging for it. No one forces me to buy it, and like Austen Allred, I feel grateful for the opportunity. Pipes was awesome. But was there ever a credible strategy to monetize it? Does anyone on HN have any ideas? Reasonable question,seemingly phrased without ill intent. Do not understand downvote. Finally, an overview of the Bee Gees career that grasps the scope of their achievements while both understanding their music and remaining clear-eyed about their failures. Critics of the time tore them apart, seldom offering any worthwhile feedback at all, much less serious criticism. Not a big fan of armchair psychoanalysis normally but everything rings true to me. The notion of the group as something akin to aliens due to their isolated early years on the Isle of Man causes a lot of pieces of the puzzle to fall in place for me. We forget how truly isolated a place like the Isle of Man could be in postwar Britain. Missing is an appreciation of their outrageously gifted rhythm section, with Blue Weaver on keys, Dennis Byron on drums, and, apparently, Maurice on bass. The bass parts are so insanely in the pocket that it's a little hard for me to accept that it was Maurice, though he played many instruments well. Could it be there was an uncredited studio bassist playing these parts? I've never heard a peep to contrary and have always hoped it was Maurice. There was talk of their much younger brother Andy joining the group. He had a few hits in the mid to late 70s written by Barry but died of a drug overdose. before anything could come of it. The elder brothers' harmony style was complete and it is a little hard to imagine how he would have fit in. Don't understand the UI. Is anything other than Django represented? Why work if there's a guaranteed income? What happens when payouts exceed available money from taxpayers? Tried it, and learned to my chagrin that for my purposes the brand with the condescending ads and expensive consumables was still noticeably better, perhaps due to the pivoting head. Binned the Harry's, reluctantly. Please do not confuse censorship, which is governmental tampering with free speech, with private moderation of a free message board to whose terms of service you signed voluntarily. This trivializes real censorship issues, which are abundant. Would also love to see web2py. I wish so dearly they would allow ragged right text. As a guy who learns from examples, I find this to be just the kind of tutorial I've been looking for. Because I had a specific vision of how I could make things better for a well-defined group of people and because I am driven to create stuff. If all you are is vaguely interested you probably aren't ready yet. Looks fantastic, and available free on the web: http://www.htdp.org/2003-09-26/Book/curriculum.html Not addressed: that artificially low interest rates have a ruinous effect on savings, and therefore affect old people disproportionately. Almost never. My last package took 4.5 years Thank you for sharing. My heart is with you. Why don't you plan to marry? Population trends in developed countries are plummeting. As we grow wealthier we reproduce less. Europe is dying, as is Russia. The USA only keeps a bit above replenishment rate through immigration. Please post penuriously. Great attitude! Making these phone calls is like building up a muscle. It will become easier, I promise. And I think you'll be surprised at how pleasant many of them will be. My best to you. A lucid, enjoyable paper that allowed me to write a very fast B-Tree implementation in nascent ANSI C back in the day. Comer's books always struck just the right balance between scholarly completeness and clarity, at least to me. A lucid, enjoyable paper that allowed me to write a very fast B-Tree implementation in nascent ANSI C back in the day. Comer's books always struck just the right balance between scholarly completeness and clarity, at least to me. Not trying to sound like a stick in the mud, since my need for Javascript build systems is modest and currently satisfied by make (think Bootstrap, jquery, uglify). After all, dependency management is a deep problem. What is the primary advantage over make? I imagine it looks much easier to read for a novice than make, but there are probably much better reasons than this one. Our daughter is an accomplished web artist who works very, very hard on her panels, yet her "Frenchiest Fry" meme[1] became a massive Tumblr hit despite being dashed off in moments. You just never know. http://c4cti.tumblr.com/post/73237082913/sometimes-i-wake-up... I was going to write this post, but you did it better. I think for anyone to get substantially better than average they need not just to work effectively, but to self assess honestly and make regular course corrections. > I came to the conclusion that the future legal battles would just not be worth it. So, no. Wise decision, at least if you're Stateside. Government wants to preserve its monopoly on gambling. As a very fat guy, I felt very much the opposite. Context matters. The author was mocking himself and is a precise enough writer that we know the comment was in jest. And did I mention that I'm morbidly obese? At 300lbs I'm probably worth two Midwesterners, at least in gross tonnage and displacement. Firefox..fills up available RAM with page caches. Often, swapping these pages back in from disk can be slower than re-fetching from the Internet. WTF? I'm not a kernel guy and would like to know why this is. Very, very counterintuitive to me. Firefox..fills up available RAM with page caches. Often, swapping these pages back in from disk can be slower than re-fetching from the Internet. WTF? I'm not a kernel guy and would like to know why this is. Very, very counterintuitive to me. It couldn't happen to a nicer company. web2py is a batteries-included framework that has all of this and much more done for you, tested and proven over many years. Um... Dark market Um.. It says Black Market right on the tin. Man, I want to hear the answer to this question. I got screwed royally as an angel investor because I was too quick to write a check. Isn't this a textbook case for crowd sourcing? This is true. Why the downvotes? The article shortchanged Haxe a little by omitting mention of its vast, varied, and flexible runtime library. Exact same experience here. I too would like to understand why this happens. Am guessing the excuse on Windows would at one time have been the huge variety of supported video hardware, but that no longer seems to be the issue. And that's only a guess. Not sure if it's DirectX or whatever they call it, device drivers, application-level code, or what. These experiences have made me loyal to exactly zero video editor programs. I have never disparaged my competitors, but I'm a small fry. I can say that during four years at Microsoft (1996-2000, Development Tools group) I never heard the products of competitors disparaged that way. In fact, there was a weekly presentation of competing products and invariably the interest was in where we were lacking, not what was bad about them. Likewise when customers came to visit us at trade shows my boss would sit politely through their compliments, then immediately jump to the question "So what don't you like about our product?" Fast forward to today. I'm friends with top people at a Really Big Guitar Company and a Huge Amplifier company. Even in private, these C-level execs show nothing but respect for products of their competitors. They are not ashamed to own and even personally use said products (especially vintage ones). It seems to me that dissing your competitors even privately can make you dangerously blind to the challenges they pose to you, set a bad example for your employees, and also restrict your job prospects should you decide to work for a competitor one day. Groundwater is not exploitable as people see fit in Oregon. http://www.water-law.com/water-rights-articles/domestic-grou... edit: proper link > But like I said, we're all very different. Actually, I am indistinguishable from everybody else. A nice contribution to the browser-based editor world. I enjoyed perusing the source, which looks pretty clear. There's not much UI, which is perfect for me because I've been looking for a browser-based editor to study. Tried it on a 2,000 line text file and it caused Chrome 44 on Yosemite to time out close the tab. > Last I checked, two letter .com domains were pretty rare and valuable. That was last time you checked. Now they're extremely rare and astoundingly valuable. How Macklemore's (totally deserved) success was achieved as an "indie" effort. Spoiler alert: maybe not completely indie. http://raprehab.com/macklemores-indie-rise-is-simply-a-white... Props to you and parent poster. I'm with you both. And thanks for the pointer to Wren. I didn't know about it. I use one of the new, lighter iPads almost exclusively for reading programming books & documentation. My iPhone 6 is used for the same purposes when I'm waiting in traffic or in a line somewhere. Seems like a perfect match for Kickstarter, no? New to this stuff, but doesn't abc already cover this same ground? http://abcnotation.com/ So does your mom. Pretty sure this will get flagged, and I hate myself for it, but it will make sense when you review that post again. Not being funny, but no form of cardio makes me happy. I always feel way worse afterwards. I have never experienced any kind of endorphin high that I know of from exercise. Hilarious, and a good remedy for my surprisingly frequent nostalgia for Turbo Pascal. Not a bad approach at the uncanny valley. Reddit face swaps are about to get a lot more fun. Sarbanes-Oxley. It's been a disaster for IPOs. http://www.vox.com/2014/6/26/5837638/the-ipo-is-dying-marc-a... Not quite sure what to say, other than thank you for sharing. My heart goes out to you. . Not quite sure what to say, other than thank you for sharing. My heart goes out to you. . I understand both points of view but lean strongly toward why-el's. If there's one thing Java has taught us it's that "premature taxonomy" (love that term) can be a huge unnecessary tax on small to medium sized projects. Surprisingly, Michael Crichton's book "Timeline" is a gentle introduction to the state of the art in knowledge about the so-called dark ages, shattering many of the myths we learned about that era in school. The myth of the overburdened armor wearer is one of them. Crichton was a first-class researcher and his bibliographic commentary alone is worth the price of admission. Not writing everything to disk ASAP makes me... queasy... This is heartening. How do you deal with cross-browser differences, especially considering you're supporting older mobile devices? Galen relied on sense of smell for diagnosing illnesses. Aristotle wrote about it. Until the late 20th century doctors often used smell for diagnostics. Perfectly reasonable--the same thing RS would do (see: "Gnu/Linux"). Trademarks do not protect themselves. It takes a concerted effort by the trademark holder. Snap! I a very fat man who can do 45 pushups without stopping. The idea of going for 10 minutes is unfathomable to me. But more important, you really dropped that 10 minutes into perspective for me. Thank you. I'm getting weary of remotely piloted vehicles being called robots. Robots are autonomous by definition. IANAL and this is not legal advice, but trademark law doesn't favor you. In order to keep their trademark, they must defend it. Unlike patents, trademarks must be actively maintained. They owe you nothing for the domain name because they didn't ask you to register it. This version seems tethered to a power source and not self-contained with a battery. This is literally a dream come true for me. But the PayPal link doesn't work for the assembled version. Help! Duly ordered! I am beyond stoked. The reason I work for myself is that I figured out at an early age that no one cares about your job more than you do. I have been fired from plenty of jobs, so I made sure I had a nest egg as soon as possible. I also make it a point to train for my next job while I'm doing the current one. I have worked at some good jobs (Microsoft was life changing in a completely positive sense) but being so dependent on someone else seems for your livelihood never seemed like a sustainable proposition. What it says on the tin. A well-written tutorial perfect for those of us just learning about causal consistency. Examples are dead on. Well I'll be damned. Never thought of trying it. Thank you. More quotes for Chesterton are needed in this (literally) godforsaken place. Actually, more quotes from Chesterton are needed just about everywhere... They have a license for evaluation & noncommercial use. http://www.qnx.com/legal/licensing/non_commercial.html Downvoted? I thought atheism was A Good Thing with the HN hive mind. Is this possible because PV panels are more efficient now? Pump motors? In other words, why wasn't this done 40 years ago? Because so many on HN are so proud of their atheism. I'm not a conventional believer either. But my description happened to be factual, not an insult. Just what the doctor ordered. Thanks. Fantastic having illustrations for every point. Dear Liza: We're gobsmacked to find an actual female posting to Hacker News. Cool! It's nice to see the ladies posting about something other than makeup or boy problems. Could you let us know what your posting schedule for HN would be? And if you have any other friends with ovaries who know vim from vi could you get them posting regularly, preferably scantily clad or at least posting an occasional screen shot of their coding sessions to Pinterest in between Jimmy Choo haul videos? Please let me know your weekly schedule so we can send updates to everyone on Hacker News with a Y chromosome!! Your pals at HN Choice is a) seriously misfired joke. Was satirizing the Livecoding people. Feel free to ban, though. If HN is too delicate for satire I suspect I'm a bad fit. I am not reflexively anti-nuclear. However, I have never heard a satisfactory answer to the simple question: "How do we store nuclear waste safely?" A spreadsheet used like this is almost always a database in disguise, but it's way too easy to delete a row or cell by mistake. Also double-entry bookkeeping does not lend itself well to a spreadsheet model. And as others said: open source, version control, and extreme ease. For someone like me who types a lot and lives on the command line, it's infinitely quicker than firing up a spreadsheet program. JUCE is perfectly aligned with your requirements. JUCE is a very, very well-designed cross platform framework that was used very successfully in the development of Tracktion, a competitor with programs like ProTools and Garageband. The API is C++ based but carefully designed to shield you from the weirdness of C++; if you needed to create a cross platform app and learn C++ at the same time this would be the gentlest possible introduction. Jules, the creator and prime maintainer of JUCE, is indefatigable. I think maybe he's triplets, but nice triplets. He answers questions on the forum ( http://www.juce.com/forum ) at all hours and with extreme patience. There seems to be absolutely no difference between the way he treats casual users vs. enterprise customers on the forum. JUCE can be used to develop audio plugins, synthesizer programs, etc., but is also a complete framework for GUI apps that have nothing to do with audio. It has canvas drawing, 3D support, and forms support. There's a ton of documentation on the site and the source code is a dream to read. If you were creating an API for something you would be well served to see how Jules did it. I rank JUCE with web2py as one of the two most comprehensive, ridiculously underrated open source products I've encountered. When I worked for other people I had great success by cold-calling firms that interested me and that I felt could use my skills. They didn't always have job listings but they liked my genuine interest in their products. Right now none of these countries is breaking even. They are paying these cost through deficit spending--borrowing from the very children they are asking their neighbors to pay for. I assume then that you work for no pay, give away everything you create, and make no errors at all. It writes new code in the Java runtime and can therefore improve its own capabilities. It's more like a Webview app that could add features to the Webview binary itself. Webview apps cannot have self-modifying code.