Hmm. I'm not at all sure that 'entrepreneurship' is a real word. Yes, I'd have more or less the same view; I don't know enough people, and I doubt I have the social skills to court VCs or similar. I've worked for a couple of startups/ex-startups, and in each case there was at least one person there from the beginning who was very good at things like that. Depending on the employer, they may be quite happy to amend your contract to lay no claim on anything done in your own time and outside their product domain. Mine did. Well, lots of people learned Logo fairly young. :) Well, in the abstract, it's quite a hard problem. If they asked him how to clean a particular variety of coffee maker, that would be easier. :) I suspect Google's AdSense ads are a better model. I've actually seen _useful_ ones! In languages which have decent ones, certainly. Of the five languages this library seems to work for, only C++ has any sort of macros at all, as far as I know... The Lisp community did something like this at one point, too, though that was more as a 'look, it's possible' to reddit. The result seems to have mutated into http://www.cl-user.net/asp/new Well, one obvious solution would be to do something else, not to retire. Is retiring really what people aspire to, these days? You can use CUSP (an Eclipse plugin which provides similar functionality to SLIME for EMACS), and the commercial impls have their own (admittedly EMACS-esque) IDEs. There's even a SLIME-derived plugin for vi! It really is worth the effort to learn EMACS, though. I'm unconvinced that installing lisp libraries is so very horrible; I've had far more trouble with python ones, myself. Every now and again, a government representative decides that they would like to do something relating to technology, or medicine, or whatever. Whether this something is practical, possible, or legal is largely immaterial. They will bring it up, and it may even get passed (American CDA, Australian internet filtering thing); at that point it will die amongst legal challenges or simple impracticality. Business as usual. Erm, that's how MobileMe works. It doesn't store your every movement; that'd burn through battery life pretty quickly. It gets a position when you tell it to from the website; presumably the order comes over the same channel push messages do. Tegra 2 doesn't support OpenCL or CUDA, though Tegra 3 will. The PowerVR SGX543 supports OpenCL, though not, of course, CUDA. EDIT: At the time, NVidia claimed that it _was_ a die size limitation. Occasionally, you just have to wait a while for an instance to start. It's rarely more than half an hour. It would be most interesting to see what percentage of Android phones sold are these sorts of super-cheap devices (in this country, a Galaxy Europa is about 80 euro on pre-paid; they won't even sell it to you on contract. By contrast, a Galaxy S is about 550 on prepaid or 150 on contract), versus the high-end devices which we hear so much more about. Astroturfing is almost always found out, and usually quickly, and comes with a very nasty backlash. See, for instance, the recent fuss over the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 astroturfing. One note of caution; while the platform version thing is up to date, the screens one is from August 2010. 240x320 is probably an even smaller minority now, as it only really showed up in Sony's 'mini' devices, which did not sell well and seem to have been effectively discontinued; there are no released plans for a current-gen one. You know there are many cheaper and free ssh clients for iOS, right? Samsung doesn't make the iPhone or iPad display; LG does. There may at this point be others; certainly, people have noticed minor performance differences in some newer iPhone 4 displays. I would have called music the least likely one to be making money, actually. A common usage pattern is buying one or two songs in a sitting, at which point transaction charges really become significant, and it has always seemed that the record labels take the lion's share of the payment. iTunes TV, on the other hand, is probably more profitable, due to higher unit cost. Books almost _must_ be profitable, because they're in the same range as Kindle books, and Amazon wouldn't be pushing ebooks (and thus damaging their traditional book market) so hard if they couldn't make a profit on them. Ah, revenue. Yes, I remember this from last time round; revenue is what matters, regardless of the costs involved in producing that revenue, or its uncertain future footing. Right. That would certainly have been the case with the first couple of iPhones, but the iPhone 4 has rather good calling quality. I don't think "50% of people who visit genius bars" is the same as "50% of iPhone users", by a long shot. What makes you think Apple makes a $400 profit per device? That sounds improbably high. There was also an attempt to introduce a Minitel system here in Ireland. It was ridiculously badly-timed; by the time it was actually up and running, things like Compuserve were around and the first ISPs were only a couple of years away. "The success or failure of any of these phones means almost nothing to the company. And so, the product development and rollout of any of these phones is not a bet-the-company gamble. Accordingly, very little effort is made on design, engineering, and customer support. None of these companies have terribly loyal customers, most seem to buy a given phone based on carrier affiliation, or based on costs." In the long run, Google needs to do something about this, or face it doing severe damage to the image of their platform. These particular developers, though, were probably not world-class. Data this important simply should not be lost due to trouble with an EC2 instance; any data on an EC2 instance, even on EBS (though somewhat less so for EBS) should be considered liable to vanish at any moment. Google Translate is heuristics-based, and can occasionally produce strange results. For instance, when translating Irish-language text, it will sometimes translate Baile Ath Cliath (Irish for Dublin, the capital of Ireland) to London, the capital of the UK. This is likely because its corpus for Irish is made up largely of Irish government documents (all Irish govt documents are translated into Irish, but Irish isn't used by many people and there's not all that much else written in it), and these documents are rather similar to British civil service documents. Ah, but if the people running the _exchanges_ are too incompetent to safeguard their wallets, as in this case, how bad will the average user be? In practice, when used to back a currency, gold is usually also inherently deflationary; mining of new gold generally cannot keep up with real economic growth. Very strange title; it implies that Apple is actively making it difficult for other companies to make a profit. Of course, what's really happening is that (a) Motorola, Nokia and Samsung in particular have big shares of the declining dumb phone market, and (b) Samsung in particular makes lots of zero-margin ultra-cheap ( Notice they have a pretty effective iBooks test Well, it's not that effective; it was worked around within days of showing up. Interestingly, to my knowledge, Google's similar check to prevent rooted devices playing movie rentals hasn't been worked around yet. Well, they are to a lesser extent; they allow an attacker with physical access (a spouse or colleague, say) to compromise your device. Defending against physical access-based exploits is likely always going to be ultimately futile, though. The general tendency has been for an initial focus on outsourcing, followed by native businesses. This is what happened in Ireland; in the 90s we had lots of outsourcing, branches of multinationals, etc.; later we built our own software industry (though most software work in Ireland is still multinational). More because it's extremely rapid, and potentially very dangerous. Major climatic change would endanger the food supply. Almost certainly. The only other thing I can think of would be that they want to get out of the OEM business and make phones internally, but they'd probably buy a better phone manufacturer in that case. Motorola is loss-making. It's actually hard to see how Google _can_ keep a level playing field under these circumstances, short of totally isolating their Motorola unit from long-term Android development. He was largely right on profitability, no? See here, however: http://www.intomobile.com/2011/05/02/apple-has-50-profit-sha... While HTC's profits are unquestionably growing, their profit share actually declined a bit; remember it's a very rapidly expanding industry. Motorola Mobility, SE and LG are loss-making or close to it. Only Samsung is in a really strong position. Samsung's profit margin is good, and HTC's acceptable (though neither are as high as Apple's), but all other major manufacturers are either loss-making or making a tiny profit margin. This is why you don't release a broken product hoping to fix it later. > I think Groupon is a guaranteed and low effort marketing platform for businesses. Well, one would hope they weren't an _actual_ Groupon rep. This is _not_ the sort of thing that a company trying to IPO should be saying. Generally by borrowing it, if they don't have a cash surplus. It's very unwise to make legal threats unless you fully intend to follow through. That's the 2010 Macbook Air, which did indeed have a brutally slow Core 2 Duo. It would be more useful to look at the mid-2011 model, which has a processor three generations newer (due to some sort of tedious dispute between Intel and NVidia, there were never embedded NVidia chipsets for Nehalem, so Apple waited until Intel GPUs got good enough, in Sandy Bridge; they never made a Nehalem Air). While Apple probably didn't help Intel design the Core 2 Duo (they only had serious in-house processor design stuff recently, and it's ARM-oriented), it's quite possible they exerted pressure on them to make such a thing. The Core Duo and Core 2 Duo were a _major_ turnaround for Intel; they essentially abandoned the gigahertz at whatever price doctrine they'd been pursuing since the P4. The Core Duo, in particular, was essentially _only_ found in Macs; it had very limited deployment elsewhere. It fits very well with the circumstances of the Intel switchover; Apple couldn't have used the P4M for its laptops (far too power-hungry vs the G4), or the PM (barely faster than the G4 at all, used somewhat more power). While this is becoming the case, it's fairly new. Back in the day, it was well-known that buying a first-gen Apple product was extremely risky; note the problems with the original while iBook (the G3 one), the original Macbook Air, and so forth. Apple actually do do this; it's a resolution bump. > Apple pundits seem to think that Apple's (undeniable) advantages are going to be permanent, just because they get a great deal on Flash memory or tied up the world's whole supply of 9.7" touch screens. It's a pretty ridiculous position. I wouldn't say _permanent_, but there are many companies who could make a transition to the same approach, but haven't yet. Dell, for instance, could scrap 90% of its models, and it's highly unlikely anyone would even _notice_. Presumably, they have some pressing internal reason (not necessarily a sensible one, but something they can't get around) not to do so; it's not like it's any great secret that a simple product line is cheaper to manager. I don't think many would claim that Jobs came up with the idea. He is undeniably one of the few people who has been able to apply it successfully to the computer and consumer electronics industry in recent years, though. > I'm not exactly sure why you have a problem with this. Yes, devs are asked to sign an NDA but it's their choice to do so and I've yet to see Apple publicly go out after devs for violating their agreement. It's also pretty much the industry standard. When we hear about Windows 8 from the MSDN blogs, it is not because some developer decided to write it; it's because it has been approved for public dissemination. Apple does much the same thing at its developer conferences. Google, in ways, is even more secretive; by the time we hear about what's in the latest Android, the first devices with said version are often already on the shelves; Apple at least gives developers a couple of months heads up. Yep; they did make it outside Apple, but only barely. There were a few products from other companies using them, mostly low-power laptops, and of course they lived on for a year or so more as a budget chip branded as a Pentium. Who's claiming that? For a while, the Macbook Air was in fact a particularly bad choice if you wanted high processor performance (which is a big if; computers are now fast enough that for many users it hardly matters). This is no longer the case. Simple enough. I think you may be surprised. Microsoft has done this before; they see something which is apparently working for a competitor, and run with what they think is a logical extension, without necessarily thinking it through that well. Windows Vista's very, very animated but ultimately not useful Expose-like thing (Flip3D) springs to mind. > Actually there is no good reason Microsoft didn't write an X86 virtual machine so that their tablets could run the old programs. There is. You'd be looking at something very much like Apple Rosetta. Now, the first Intel Macs were substantially faster than the PPC Macs that most people had at the time, but even then Rosetta felt painful. All current and near-future ARM chips will be slower than most current Intel chips; you'd expect it to be even more painful. Worse, for lightweight apps it would involve far more CPU usage, which would hurt battery life. People wouldn't _care_ that their Windows 8 tablet was getting two hours battery life while their friend's iPad was getting 10 because they were running a legacy app which was hogging the processor doing instruction translation; they'd just blame Microsoft. The case of Java is a little different; both Dalvik and JVM are designed to be JIT compiled relatively efficiently to multiple common architectures. Architectures like x86 and PPC are generally _not_, and things like Rosetta suffer as a result. Or, in fact, Microsoft will go one step (and not necessarily a logical step) further. There doesn't seem to be any question of a situation where, say, UIKit replaces AppKit as the modern way to write MacOS applications, and UIKit applications must be distributed through the app store. Microsoft, however, is pushing Metro as the new big thing for desktop apps, not just tablet apps, and Metro apps will be app store only. Apple in not-launching-phone-until-ready shocker. Presumably, they should just have launched it in a broken state in June and patched it up in software later, as this works so very well for certain Android OEMs. I mean, look how well the Xoom did! I haven't used Windows more than occasionally for a decade, and I still read Chen religiously; he's very entertaining. > It's really too bad Microsoft doesn't seem to value backwards compatibility as much as they did during the times Chen often writes about. This, I'd disagree on. At a certain point, one either has to move on, or to spend 90% of the time working on backward compatibility. > on the other that their driver from 2001 doesn't work right in Windows 7 Drivers were never really part of the backward compatibility obsession. They changed utterly between 9x and NT, of course, and also fairly dramatically DOS/Win3.x and 9x, between NT4 and 2000, and between XP and Vista. Unfortunately, it took them quite a while to have an actually vaguely conforming C++ implementation, and there are still issues (there was a nice example on Hacker News a while back involving some stl method being dramatically slower than both its equivalent in other major implementations, and a near-equivalent MS-specific method), which may explain some of that. Modern x86 does have the NX bit (and other major archs like ARM have equivalents), which allows areas of memory to be marked executable or not, and most modern operating systems do use it. JIT VMs will explicitly set it on produced code. This is part of the reason that JIT is not allowed, and will not even _work_, on iOS (with the exception of Mobile Safari's Javascript engine, which has special privileges). Applications aren't allowed set the ARM NX equivalent. I'd be a little surprised if Yahoo uses third parties for spam filtering. The Twitter thing is no mystery, though; Twitter routinely hides controversial hashtags. > larger screen Highly unlikely. They couldn't make it much bigger without either making it uncomfortably close to the device border, or making the device bigger. > longer battery life Quite likely. The iPad 2 has better battery life than the original iPad, with a very similar battery. They might be able to get in a process shrink for the iPhone 5, too. > faster 801n As I understand it, this would require multiple antennae, so probably not likely for space reasons. It's hard to see how it _could_ have LTE without severely hurting battery life (a big no-no), with current chipsets. And yep, it really doesn't matter that much; in most countries HSPA+ is of far more interest for the time being, and I assume it'll have that. Verizon is a pretty small slice of the iPhone market. Wow, hadn't realised it was THAT bad. That's unusable, surely? Very similar problem at the time, actually; UMTS chipsets had terrible battery life, to the point where Nokia actually made some of its Symbian devices in otherwise identical GPRS and UMTS versions. I doubt it's that significant, as this stuff varies dramatically by telco around the world. 12 months is standard here, for instance, and I believe it's often _3 years_ in Canada. If you have a global market, and only want to operate in one region (a practical necessity for many people, given the technical challenges of doing otherwise), then US East is almost always the best option. And for Google's practice of letting manufacturers do whatever bloody stupid thing they want. I'm stunned that this one ever got into production in its current state. The A4 is very similar to the Samsung Hummingbird. The A5 isn't particularly like the Exynos, though, except in that it uses A9 cores; the A5's GPU is _much_ faster. The Exynos uses an ARM Mali 400 GPU; the A5 uses an Imagination Tech SGX543MP2. The latter is far faster; at least twice as fast in most benchmarks. Also, the A5 is known to have a lot of extra DSP hardware on chip, but the purpose of that is somewhat unclear for now (it has been claimed that it's to do with facial recognition, fast camera operation and/or Siri, but really no-one knows for now). In the language of sales reporting, 'in channel == sold' is not strictly a lie, usually. We can get an idea from http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... - 1.8% of Android devices accessing the marketplace are Android 3.x. Apple actually generally reports channel numbers as well, as far as I know (except for their own retail operation, which is substantial). For tablets, these numbers are likely to be closer to real sales simply because the iPad tends to sell quickly. If this wasn't the case, we'd see dropping-off of iPad 'sales' numbers as the channel backed up. Most Android tablets are the same price as the iPad or a little cheaper (with the exception of the hilariously expensive 3G/4G Xoom). Honeycomb, however, is rather buggy still, and the app ecosystem really isn't there. The configuration as recommended by the manufacturer? That seems bizarre. Certainly, most Honeycomb tablets identify themselves as such. > I just found out yesterday how much money we are spending. This strikes me as a stunningly stupid thing for a _CEO_ to admit to in public, and should give any potential investors pause. > Well, yes. Apple really isn't expecting that many 4 users to upgrade; most people don't buy a phone every year. > The $0 (w/ contract) iPhone 3GS is still a great phone for people who don't care about adding apps. Or, er, even for people who do. Almost all iPhone apps work fine in the 3GS. > The $99 (w/ contract) iPhone 4 is a great phone if you want iOS 5 but you're on a budget You get iOS 5 with the 3GS. You may be thinking of the 3G (from 2008). > I know that's just an anecdote, maybe others can share theirs. Okay. Most people I know who had a 3GS still have a 3GS; some are thinking of getting a 4S to replace it. Very few replaced it with a 4. I went from a 3G to a 4 myself. > But this sales boost will confirm to Apple that it's ok for them to just release the same phone for 2 years with some spec upgrades in the 2nd year. You mean like the 3GS? Or, in Android-land, the Droid 2, Droid 3, Atrix 2, HTC Desire/Wildfire S etc.? It's hardly that strange a thing to do. Keep the design for a year, make the device enormously faster. This is par for the course in computers, and becoming increasingly common on the mobile market. > You don't see the other manufacturers keeping the same phone for 2 years. See the Motorola Droid 2 and 3, and the HTC Wildfire S and Desire S. And Apple's own 3GS. Essentially the same physical design as their predecessors, but faster. Actually, Samsung is perhaps the only major phone manufacturer who _doesn't_ do this; most of their phones do change reasonably dramatically on every revision. Shouldn't be too bad; I've yet to see a non-game application that won't run happily enough on the 3GS. Most 'cathedral' products are developed at least somewhat in the open, and often do take external contributions. Where are you getting these? They look like the marginal tax rates, which don't really tell you all that much. > If Apple had preferred patent-free formats at the time of the iPod, they would have chosen Vorbis, which has an open royalty-free encoder That would have been a good trick, given that the very first release of Vorbis was only a year before the iPod hit the market. There have been rumors for the past few months that Apple will do just that. This release might be consistent with that; it will undoubtedly expand the audience, less because of the source availability, and more because of the Apache license patent grant. No, AAC was a successor to MP3, about a decade ago. This is a lossless format, so not really suitable for the same roles. And do remember that the "creation versus consumption" thing is a talking point originally introduced by... Microsoft! People somehow seem to have adopted it as a simple truth, but it's really a piece of marketing. Funded it? Are you talking about the US's financial relationships with China? That's just trade. If you're implying espionage, that's a bit of a stretch, at least for the US; the carrier rocket used is rather similar to a Soviet/Russian Proton, though scaled down, while the orbiters are Soyuz-like. The US hasn't produced a large hydrazine rocket in decades, and has never produced a Soyuz-like orbiter, so espionage there is improbable. China's current space technology is far more similar to Soviet and Russian work than American work. Probably not much. Most of the skeuomorphism is actually relatively new. A common topic on here is "why aren't there more women in computers?" I'd say this sort of thing is highly relevant. (a) She's quoting someone else (a MAN!) (b) That's rather hard to equate with rape threats. Astonishingly, Apple is not the only company which makes smartphones, or has a smartphone app market. The only production spacecraft with actual reactors were the Soviet RORSAT (US/A) radar surveillance satellites. The US also launched one test reactor, SNAP-10A. > If that springs a leak there is a highly unstable and toxic gas all over your launch site - even after the giant fireball it causes destroys your satellite. This actually happened at least once to a Soviet Proton (UR-500) rocket; it was a big factor in the cancellation of the much larger UR-700. > For all that people complain about Flash, and any problems the Flash Player runtime has, it's really a fun environment to code for. I like AS3, I like the Flash API, and I greatly enjoyed writing Flex back when that was most of my job. Really? I used to do a lot of AS3 work; it is hands-down the worst development ecosystem I've ever been involved in. What percentage of online Flash games (a) work at acceptable speed on a phone and (b) can be sensibly used with a touchscreen? I'd be astonished if it's more than 5% or so. They've had the tools to do this for a couple of years, and it's been uncontroversially acceptable under app store rules for a year. It's barely ever used. I don't see any reason this would change. They're not killing AIR for mobile (though I can't see it getting much attention in the future), but the PlayBook is essentially a dead platform walking anyway. My complaints would be more that the debugger was unreliable, and the profiler barely worked at all. > end of Apple java I'm not sure why that would be seen as a problem. The situation where Apple were maintaining their own Java implementation was at least slightly anomalous; returning responsibility to Sun/Oracle and OpenJDK makes a lot of sense. > If crooks can make millions charging for bogus SMS messages, why can't legitimate programmers use the same payment mechanism for stuff the users like? This exists; you see it occasionally for web games. It's quite expensive, though, and I suspect it's not allowed on Android if you're in the marketplace; does Google allow you to use third-party payment stuff for marketplace apps? > How many startups come from NZ? Quite a few startups come from the UK, Ireland and Germany; in all three countries the alleged behavior by Square would be highly illegal. > If you are exempt (Salaried) - you basically work when your manager tells you to. I've been at (several) companies where we had 3-4 month death marches with _everyone_ working late and on weekends in the office to push the ball over the line. This is probably the point of confusion. In most of Europe, at any rate, salaried employees are subject to the working time directive: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Working_Time_Directive > I did 80+ hours per week for years in medical school, residency, and fellowship. Many people in medicine make a career of it. It's not as unusual as you think. Possibly a bad example; in most developed countries the medical professions have amongst the highest rates of depression, suicide and divorce. > Over here (UK, but the E.U as a whole) the average working week is 40 hours by law, and the worker must opt in to be eligble to work upto a maximum of 70 hours per week. In Ireland, you can't even opt into a 70 hour week; it's flat-out illegal (though there is a system where you can do 96 hours per 14 days, or something, without necessarily equal allocation). The Android market passes sales tax responsibility to the developer? I hadn't realized that; that sounds absolutely ridiculous. How do small developers cope with it at all? Yep, the iOS app store is effectively a publisher; the only tax complexities involved are countries which practice withholding (the US and Japan, in particular; unless you register with their tax authorities they withhold a percentage, even for countries with which they have tax treaties), and special treatment of royalties in some countries. There's a long history of this sort of thing. All communication with Galileo, for instance, was via the auxiliary transmitter intended to properly target the much bigger main transmitter; the main transmitter dish was damaged on launch. In practice, all national/supranational agencies tend to collaborate to an extent on these things. Not just yet, I would think; no current mobile device has hardware WebM decoding. > then why do people keep buying Androids? Do they? The big Android surge only came in the last year, so the vast majority of Android users are on their first. I don't think Rovio have any grounds for complaint here. No trademarks are infringed. Arguably twice; the failure in the Polyus test payload was not related to the carrier rocket. > i think is not my idea but why not first send self-replicating machines on mars wich will mine for materials Well, we've got lots of people, but a significant shortage of Von Neumann machines. Oh, dear. Can we send you to Mercury, with no women, men, animals, or indeed any sort of multicellular organism? The much-delayed Angara also has variants in excess of 60T, though it's not clear whether these big ones will actually be built (they're dependent on demand, like the never-built Atlas V heavy). Measuring a completely different thing. This is mobile web usage, the Comscore thing is sales data. Android mobile web usage has never kept up with its soaring marketshare, for whatever reason. On the (rather dubious) basis that Oracle controls NetApplications, surely they'd massage Android numbers _up_, so as to make a case for greater damages? All of NetApplications' graphs wobbled a bit in October; probably a change in the way they do things. There's only one version of the iPhone 4S (it does CDMA and GSM/UMTS/HSDPA), but the two large US CDMA carriers do not generally allow phones they didn't sell on their networks. Hmm. Does Android have fat binaries for the NDK? I can see Motorola et al getting a lot of complaints about games not working... > I'm not entirely certain you cannot take an ARM core and enhance it if you pay the right fees You can. There are at least two licenses, a core license and an architecture license. Qualcomm has an architecture license; the Scorpion (Snapdragon's ARM core) is an ARMv7 core somewhat similar to an A8, but is not actually an A8. Companies with core licenses have also modified them; the Samsung/Apple/Intrinsity Hummingbird/A4 used an A8 core modified by Intrinsity to work efficiently at 1GHz; TI later followed suit. Intrinsity's main business model, in fact, was optimization of other peoples' core designs. That was rather different, as Apple was entirely dependent on IBM and Motorola to produce new chip designs (and Motorola had effectively quit the desktop market). The G5 was actually reasonably competitive with the P4 at the time the move was made, and beat it on some SIMD work. The real trouble was that IBM had repeatedly slipped on its deadlines to produce a low-power laptop-appropriate G5, and the aging G4 architecture just wasn't good enough. Today, the story is very different. Apple can produce its own SoC designs, as with the A5, or even produce its own ARM _core_ designs, like Qualcomm does, or it can buy from one of a number of healthy vendors who show no signs of quitting ARM anytime soon. If this Intel core had a genuine dramatic performance advantage over the A15 (which it will be competing with, given the timescales), at the same power usage, that would be one thing, but that's far from clear right now. They're certainly ahead on process. It remains to be seen if that will be enough. Yep; I'd be particularly suspicious of this given that the two companies involved are Lenovo, which doesn't have a significant smartphone market anyway, and has a huge PC market, and Motorola, which is in reasonably dire financial straits. If HTC, or, for that matter, Apple, were a launch partner, that might be more promising. In my experience, the average user is only dimly aware, if at all, of Google's involvement. iOS has the same problem; notably, the developer of iSSH has worked around most of it and posted details of how to do so. Ridiculous that it needs to be done in the first place, though. Twitter does provide that access; see 'firehouse' here: https://dev.twitter.com/docs/streaming-api/methods I have no idea what you have to do to get access to it, though. The thing about the programming language shootout is that the benchmarks are optimized to within an inch of their life, and in particular don't generate much garbage. This may have changed, but last time I checked (MRI) Ruby's garbage collector was _stunningly_ slow. > Singapore is now rich. It was poor just 40 years ago Many countries, particularly in that general region, have achieved that without being police states, though. Even where they had oppressive governments (as with Taiwan and South Korea back in the day), that has generally eased. I'm comparing more to Europe than to the US, but in particular, Singapore is not meaningfully democratic. The one party is enormously dominant, and there's considerable evidence that other parties are pressured not to field candidates. "The government always wins its libel cases" - sort of demonstrates that (a) the government is at least unusual (normal democratic governments do not bring libel cases, or the Daily Mail would be in a lot of trouble), and (b) the judiciary is compromised. > And, I'm not sure that Taiwan or South Korea would come out better in a point-by-point comparison of either economic or political/social freedoms Both are now relatively democratic, though it's a recent thing. > what used to take hundreds of disk drives to store, you can store on 1 today Though, given that hard drives very much do not obey Moore's Law, a well-designed 1998 solution with hundreds of disks may well have far faster IO than the 2012 one-disk solution. It probably contains licensed content, and medical textbooks and the like are particularly expensive. 100 EUR may well represent a _discount_ from the price of the materials it's based on. Oh, IOPs, absolutely. Throughput, though, not so much. > Moore's Law says that the number of transistors in an integrated circuit would double every two years, and that has fairly consistently held true and continues to do so. This may be getting close to a wall, too. The smallest process currently viewed as being practical is in the region of 10nm; we're not that far off. Embarrassing? Remember that they're working without power constraints; it's a rather different problem. > If anything, iCloud is more like Dropbox for "normal" users. It's more limited than Dropbox in what it stores, but it stores the majority case rather well, including system settings. Well, each is more limited than the other. iCloud provides more stuff (synchronized key value store which can be used from more than one device at a time, etc.) but access to what it stores is more restricted. > just because they can. That's largely driven by a very high resale value for last year's model, though; that also won't survive market saturation. > illegally downloaded an illegal application to legally download/listen to music You mean to _illegally_ download/listen to music; there's no license in your region. > I'd argue that the various magic scripting language packaging systems exist to handle the OSes without sane package management, meaning OS X and Windows. And you'd be wrong. For many languages, it is simply not feasible to rely on the OS maintainer to update repositories in a timely fashion. EDIT: Also, in practice, many applications have a dependency on a specific older version of a library. > I think a properly elected representative democratically elected government would help prevent this sort of thing regardless of economic ideology. This may be rather naive. Similar conditions in Western factories didn't really go away until after World War 2; in the case of exposure to known-dangerous substances, not til the 60s or 70s. Some of the countries involved were democratic in the early 20th century; certainly the UK and arguably the US (I say 'arguably' because the US excluded a substantial part of its population from the franchise at the time). Certainly, government did something; the effective banning of factory towns (through banning scrip and mandatory rental), in particular, was very important. It was mostly down to the labour unions, though. > This means that the Chinese government have no incentive to improve working conditions as they don't have any votes to win When has improving working conditions _ever_ been a vote winner for a major party, anywhere? Historically, it has almost always been done due to union pressure. Samsung assembles most of its devices in Korea, but also has many factories in China, and is also a Foxconn customer. This is rather common for Korean and Japanese companies; there is some pressure to do at least some of the work in the home country, but it's not feasible to do it all there. > Apple's manufacturing should not be compared to Google, because they dont do any manufacturing Strictly speaking, neither does Apple (or they do, but very little). Google has just contracted it out one step further. > Is Apple worse than Samsung in treating its laborers? I dont know. It's messier with Samsung, because there are three sets of workers; those in Korean Samsung factories, those in Chinese Samsung factories, and those in Foxconn (which contracts for Samsung). In the last case, they're the _same_ workers. All the large ones do, yep; laptop production is bizarrely centralized. The Nexus One was. The Nexus S and Galaxy Nexus are assembled in Korea, but parts are likely made by Foxconn, which is a Samsung contractor. > This happened not only against the wishes of the South African government but also against the wishes of much of the then-American government (under Reagan). This is a somewhat idealistic view. South Africa only really came under serious pain when _countries_ embargoed them, particularly the UK and then the US (Desmond Tutu went to Washington and guilted the US government into producing a veto-proof majority for the Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act; Reagan having vetoed it first timed round). When _was_ it the land of the free? The period between giving black people the vote and the PATRIOT act? Even then, it was hardly number one. Unfortunately, a lot of the US media doesn't seem to be aware of this. There was an amusing incident a while back where Wired had an article claiming that the British government was installing CCTVs in peoples' houses to watch their parenting. There source for this nonsense was that most reliable of papers, the Express. But, for the whole of the 20th century, I think, one could make the argument that there were places freer, particularly if one happened to be a member of one of the US's more hated minority groups. From WW2 to the 60s, if you happened to be a racial minority, there was almost no-where less free in the developed world; the US was extremely late amongst developed countries to grant universal suffrage. This goes back a _very_ long way; politicians used similar rhetoric in the Roman Republic (which was a slavery-based state which granted a meaningful franchise only to a wealthy elite). Yep, I didn't say it was the last democratic developed country to grant universal suffrage, because of Switzerland (or the one or two cantons that didn't let women vote). In general, I've had nothing but good experiences with them. They're reasonably bare-bones, though; don't expect miracles in terms of support. I wouldn't have called KVM/IP a requirement for a remote dedicated server. Nice to have, but by no means a requirement. What do you use it for? The data protection directive might be an issue for you; protection of personal information is much stronger in the EU than in the US. Less likely, but because it's Germany, if you're hosting bigoted content, particularly Nazi-associated content, that will be a problem. This particular little war was launched by Motorola, which sued Apple before Apple sued it. Indeed; I've never really had an issue with this in Safari, but Chrome's version is very easy to trigger. > Some may accuse me of a slippery slope argument; I look at it as a continuation of a linear regression and projection. So, er, a slope-related argument of some sort, then. It could be friction-y, I suppose. He missed this one, which may also be problematic: > You may not convey a covered work if you are a party to an arrangement with a third party that is in the business of distributing software, under which you make payment to the third party based on the extent of your activity of conveying the work, and under which the third party grants, to any of the parties who would receive the covered work from you, a discriminatory patent license. This was intended to avoid situations similar to the Microsoft/Novell patent grant agreement, but could have quite broad scope. As far as I can see, the main case this covers is, for instance, say Apple adopts GPLv3 Bash. IBM decided to sue over their patent on causing the letter 'w' to be displayed on a computer screen (or whatever). Currently, Apple can do three things; fight it, settle, or stop using bash (the last is impractical, of course). This clause of GPLv3 almost removes the settlement option; IBM would be highly unlikely to license the patent to, not only Apple, but anyone redistributing the redistributable source from MacOS. For a slightly more realistic example (most of the GPL stuff Apple uses, except for GCC, is not really all that vulnerable to patents), take the bluez Bluetooth stack, used by Android. There's a very real risk that one of the many holders of Bluetooth related patents may assert one against Google or against an OEM over bluez, and in that case, if the patent was valid, licensing it would be the obvious solution. This would work, because bluez is GPLv2; it wouldn't necessarily work if it were GPLv3. I can see what the FSF was going for with this clause, but it does make it substantially riskier for companies to depend upon GPL(v3) components. Apple's kernel code is largely _available_, even in other BSDs do not necessarily want to take it. In practice, it's very common for companies who use permissive licensed software to contribute back to it. > And there are business models that could rely on GPL to make them viable (offer custom licensing for a fee for eg.) This seems to be the most common GPL-based business model; particularly popular with Oracle, whose newest open-source/commercial license product (confusingly called Oracle NoSQL; it's more or less an autosharding network available BDB JE) is actually AGPL. > Guess I hadn't noticed "a lot of the OSS world moving to permissive licenses". The GPL is still the workhorse of many free systems with code coming out all the time. I don't have the stats handy right now, but in general the percentage of new projects using permissive licenses has increased sharply, and many non-FSF GPLv2 products have not made the jump to GPLv3. Interpretation of contracts is not necessarily based on intent, especially if you're using someone else's contract, and especially if it's not a consumer contract (where, in many cases, a contract deemed to be deliberately misleading may not be valid). This shouldn't be too surprising; it _is_ GCC, but using an LLVM backend (it's not clang). It's already quite common for airlines to charge based on weight of luggage (or at least set a limit beyond which you pay extra). See this thing: http://www.iwebinspector.com/ There is at least some form of publication and consultation these days, though. When Google comes up with SPDY or NaCL, or Apple comes out with HTTP Live Streaming, they publish specs and sometimes submit them to standards, with the result that they're often adopted elsewhere; HTTP Live Streaming has been picked up by Chrome, Android and WebOS, for instance. As far as I remember, Microsoft tended to just make up new things and add them to IE, without a proper spec, and sometimes with no real documentation. Nokia had 13% of the smartphone market last quarter, putting it third behind Apple and Samsung. No. They are in the process of doing so, but they still make a _lot_ of Symbian devices. Nokia had 13% of the market last quarter; WP7 only had about 1% of it. > What I despise, however, is the article's tone, which tries to make it look like this minor difference is important to the user, and he will hate Android for it. The major thing that would prevent me switching to Android is precisely this issue. I've used a Galaxy Nexus, and while it has undoubtedly improved greatly, it is still not really there. Maybe Android 5... I suspect that it's one of these things that you'll only be really irritated by if you've used a device with proper smooth scrolling for an extended period. Ah, no. On release, for a few months, the iPhone was _$500 with contract_. Yes, really. And then, Apple will come to your house, and eat your cat. > If malware on OSX is as small a problem as you're suggesting, why is Apple bothering with any of this? Because they're not thinking about their current problems, they're thinking about their upcoming problems. You'd have to either make your operating system work very well with both touch and mouse/trackpad/keyboard (very difficult), treat touch as a gimmick (as with those Windows 7 HP iMac-like things with touch screens), or make touch (which is ergonomically highly problematic on anything but a smallish tablet) the first-class citizen. > In the Linux world, most software begins as a .tgz, and earns packagers as it becomes more popular. But _normal_ users, that is not-very-technical people using Linux as a desktop, _never_ see that tgz. They wouldn't even know how to install it. Safari's default policy on handling of third-party cookies in iFrames is somewhat stricter than that of most other browsers (this is frequently a problem for Facebook games); Google almost certainly didn't _need_ to do this on Chrome. Well, they've been supporting XQuartz since at least 2007... So in future, users will be prompted to install XQuartz, rather than using the rather antique version of XQuartz which currently comes with MacOS. It's not actually generally meant to be vocational training... Or, at least, if it is, it shouldn't be called 'computer science'. > but it really is hard to stay up-to-date. Well, you don't really _need_ to; this one is just syntactic sugar, and the others, while nice (or mostly; I'm unconvinced about ARC), are not necessary. I'd prefer to have the options. Sorry, I meant that I'm unconvinced ARC is nice, not that I'm unconvinced it's not necessary; it clearly isn't. In the cases of Flash and Java, possibly also trying to disclaim responsibility. We often see statistics about security holes in MacOS vs Windows; those made based on Snow Leopard or earlier tend to include Flash and Java security holes for MacOS but not Windows, because, while most OEM Windows devices do ship Flash and a JVM, Microsoft does not. Certain Twitter clients. That seems to be about it. :) (It's sometimes used for in-house stuff, but then what isn't?) As it provides exec and a HTTP client, it more or less is. Here's an example, with code to make loading a multi-module library feasible: http://myblog.rsynnott.com/2012/02/fun-with-python-for-ios.h... That backup API is an oddity; it's been there for a while, but no-one seems to use it. In any case, it's a very small subset of what iCloud does ('iCloud' is an amorphous collection of stuff, and includes an internet version of the old iTunes backup system, which the Android API is similar to). Oh, for first-party stuff, iCloud has no advantage. It's for _third_ party stuff that it's valuable; it allows developers to sync _their_ data seamlessly between devices easily. > Unless they felt the need to claim the quad-core bullet point There you go. It was one of the innovators in _affordable_ thin and light, though. While there were very light and thin laptops prior to the Air, they were usually either netbooks, or terribly expensive. Of course, so was the first-gen Air; the second one was really the interesting one. What did the Vaio Z cost on release? My impression was that it, and all of Sony's ultra-small laptops, were always terrifyingly expensive. The current Vaio Z, certainly, starts at just under $2000. > Didn't seem to matter to them when nVidia beat Qualcomm out the door with a dual-core chip last year. When the Tegra 2 showed up, it was not generally considered suitable for phones; the one found in a few phones is a slightly different model to the original. Also, the Tegra 2 was quite flawed; it lacked NEON, in particular, hurting software compatibility. It's also possible that supplies of the S4 are restricted; it's a 28nm part, and TSMC's rollout of their 28nm process hasn't gone as smoothly as they might like. The Tegra 3 is 40nm, which is now a mainstream process. > I mean those are great technologies to work with, but his expertise is on C++ and native apps. Last time I read one of his books (admittedly, over a decade ago) it was mostly _C_. Go was GPLv3, which is clearly incompatible with the App Store ToS. The situation with GPLv2 is considerably more ambiguous. Well, he has also skipped NT 3.1, 3.5 and 4. The various versions branded as NT, plus Win2k, were generally considered non-consumer, though Win2k was a marginal case. > There is indeed a Microsoft stigma, and MS is failing at shaking it. When have you seen a commercial for the HTC Titan on TV? It's all iPhones and Android out there except for an inkling of ads for the Nokia 710 Microsoft's initial marketing spend on WP7 was vast; nearly 500m in three months (for comparison, that's about 100m less than Apple's _entire_ annual marketing spend). It didn't appear to do much good.