It takes real talent to reduce perfectly readable numbers into incomprehensible speed-dial infographics. Repost http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1681480 I'm torn. On one hand, it's yet another infographic. On the other hand... it's actually informative. The Google News changes introduced earlier this year proved this to me. You'd be challenged to find a single person on the internet who prefers the new Google News format. It took months for the design team to grant even the slightest hint of a concession, letting people switch back to an (albeit uglier and less efficient) two-column format. Mentioned in the comments, but another extremely useful feature is if you type ctrl+r and start typing a command, it will give you the last command you ran that contains that substring. Not especially surprising, nor damning of american-borns. Those with the motivation, skills, and education to move abroad (to anywhere!) and start a business are going to, on average, outperform the population which was born there. Not because they are naturally better, but because they were self-selected by being there in the first place. Just like I'd be willing to bet that americans living abroad are overrepresented as entrepreneurs wherever they happen to be living. It's an interesting story, but I had to stop reading when I read this line: "The cloud was actually CO2 mixed with air. " Your money might not be stashed offshore, but your periods and commas seem to be safely hidden. It's not really an IP stack. But it does ping. So a more accurate name would be: Twing I am skeptical. If they were really going for all websites ending with "bay", I'd think some bigger ones would be on the list... like piratebay. Unless they think that's a hopeless case. You apparently haven't heard of my neutrino-powered wifi transmitter. My chemistry is extremely rusty, but I thought that even if the reaction was at equilibrium, there is still a rate of reaction--it's just that the forward and backward reaction rates are the same, so there's no net change. (anyone with a better knowledge of chemistry please correct me if I'm wrong) wikileaksleaks.com is open! Someone make it happen! It's ridiculous to say there is no plan B. Plan B has been in place and has been slowing the use of IPv4 addresses for years: Network Address Translation If you have a home network, in all likelihood your computers do not have unique external IP addresses, just your router. Even if for some reason IPv6 was never rolled out, this would just be implemented on a larger scale--your neighborhood may get a single unique IP. I would obviously prefer widespread IPv6 adoption, but implying chaos otherwise is just ridiculous. It would just make things a bit more painful. Sometimes worry that this is a depressing answer to Fermi's paradox (Fermi's paradox asks why no intelligent life has been found, if the odds of it are so high): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox Maybe when a species/civilization gets to a certain point of sophistication and intelligence, the motive to keep expanding (or even reproducing, apparently) stops, and they don't go on to colonize anywhere else. Really, the only reason the Americas are so populated right now is because of crazy overpopulation in Europe at the time. If a new continent was discovered today (or if Mars was suddenly terraformed), how long would it take for it to be populated? Would it ever be? I don't think it's that simple. Plenty of people living in poverty manage to have quite large families. I think instead it's the desire to have children only if you can have them and still live a the level of comfort you desire. It used to be, that people had kids simply because it was the default, and everyone did. But now that society has advanced to the point that people are able to make different decisions, it seems like often the choice is, simply to not have them. That's all I mean by sophistication--the ability to look at how you are living, and make those choices for yourself. No, it won't. If you maintain the same sub-replacement fertility rate, you'll end up with a stable inverted population pyramid, albeit a constantly shrinking one. Every generation will have too few workers to support too many retirees. Even if the whole field is in focus, only the parts of the image hitting the fovea (in the center of the retina) will be in detail. That said, I'd still be curious to see how it looks... I don't actually think that would be a problem for most men. "So my question is, why haven’t the nerds moved on?" + "Please don’t mention Linux on the desktop. Seriously." ? Let me paraphrase the post: "I have a random thought that is edgy but not well thought enough for me to permit reasonable counterexamples." To be completely correct, you'd need to normalize the prizes over the population of each country at the time each prize was awarded, since population growth (or decline, for germany) patterns are not the same for each of those countries. As long as you ignore the "thousands of people killed each year by drug cartels which the police and military are unable to control" metric Open office is a threat only to those who use it. We wrote this blog post back at the end of July about the project, not in response to the WSJ article. There have been a few posts since then discussing other aspects of the project, and there will be an update coming quite soon. Personally Identifying Information (PII) is defined as data which can uniquely identify an individual--name, social security number, facebook ID. Rapleaf's personalization service--which is designed to let websites personalize based on who is viewing the website--does not serve PII. Instead, it serves targeting data like "Age 40-50" and "Interests Basketball". The idea behind the Anonymouse project is that a person should not be able to be personally identified based on the targeting information served about them. Only sets of targeting data which cannot be traced back to a unique individual is stored in the personalization cookie. For example, it would be okay to serve a targeting cookie about a person which contained "Male, Wealthy, looking to buy a Ferrari", because thousands of people fit that description, and the ad network or website cannot identify the person with any reasonable specificity. It would not be okay, however, to target a person as "52 year old Male, makes $256,000, lives in Sometown OH, and was born on April 12th", because in all likelihood, only one or two people fit that description, and the data would effectively serve as PII, and this would be no better than dropping a facebook ID in the cookie. Let me know if anything's unclear, or if you want more details. From a CS perspective, it's a really cool/hard problem, and something we've spent a lot of time on. We're planning on writing an update blog post on where we are... as soon as we're done coding : ) "Sources: WSJ Research, RapLeaf "segment" document from July, 2010" The chart does not reflect the currently used of attributes. If you seriously think the US government is doing than most "governments of the World" to control information, you need to be better informed. Email is a protocol. Phones are a protocol. Facebook is... a company. I don't like the idea that the coming nexus of communication is a single-company provider, with zero incentive to open up a "facebook message protocol"... they simply want to be the only source of communication. I find this scary. I'm not suggesting they should be forced into anything, and I don't have a problem with the idea of a person using a central hub; I use google applications for tons of things, for documents, calendar, etc. What I don't like is that to communicate with anyone using the facebook hub, you have to also be using it. I can use nothing but gmail for my communications, but someone using hotmail can easily communicate with me. An equally serious problem is that Facebook makes no assurances whatsoever about whether they will choose to filter/censor communication (as they did here http://techcrunch.com/2010/11/22/facebook-censorship/ ). If I/a business want to be absolutely sure that any mail sent to me will get to me and never be deleted or censored, I can buy a domain and run my own email hosting; it's not a the whim of some external company. Awk is one of those tools I didn't know about until 6 months ago, and now I have no idea how I lived without it for so long. If you're manipulating text files, it's just so effortless. Christopher is a PhD student at Princeton under advisor Dave Walker. If anyone here has connections to Princeton or Dave Walker, I really encourage you to bring this to his attention, as he is hopefully someone Christopher respects enough to listen to advice from. Given that Dave's CV includes designing several esoteric programming languages, I suspect he would have a personal stake in this issue. Hm, that was probably the wrong phrase to use. I was just thinking that as a researcher on programming languages, he would have more insight into the issue, and have an idea which languages were influential. Not really, because Apple has never paid dividends. Mubarak's not president of Egypt anymore! Then don't upvote it. Who deletes the deletionists? Pretty sure he's referring to the MPAA and RIAA (they aren't actually companies.) News in the US will always be somewhat sensationalist and only expose the problems, but this is a good thing--there are a lot of regimes out there where things look bright and shiny on the surface, but only because the problems are hidden and media is suppressed. I'm not saying that everything on that list isn't a problem, but at least they're getting attention and people are looking at them. We still have a free (if somewhat immature) media, and we shouldn't forget that there's a huge selection bias in what makes it to the news. Do you count even things like ant buildfiles? I won't say that editing them is fun, but it's no worse than configuring any other build system. If they're dumb enough to judge the innovativeness of software based on something like that, their opinion is probably irrelevant. Excellent, God forbid Google ever use your search queries to improve its ranking algorithms and give more relevant results. This comment sponsored by Experts-Exchange and ehow This should be upvoted far more than it is, because it is completely correct. Oil is a global commodity with a standard price; if you don't buy oil from Libya, you'll buy it from someone else for same price, and someone else will buy it from Libya at that price anyway; boycotting oil from them accomplishes nothing. .ly domains do not work the same way. If you don't pay X$/yr for that domain, it's highly unlikely that someone else will buy it for the same price, since you probably tailored the domain to your business--so you are directly funding the regime with that money in a way oil is not. edit: okay good, the parent was at 1 karma when I posted this and I was annoyed. It's possible bit.ly would be bought up by now, but most less common ones I don't think would be. Poking around the internet, it looks like a .ly domain is at least $75 annually, which is a lot of money to just domain-squat on (especially since there are probably a many fewer accidental visits to .ly domains than to .com ones.) There doesn't even appear to be squatting on many variants of bit.ly (tried bti.ly, bot.ly, bpt.ly). To be honest, that's better than most "technical solutions" governments manage to come up with. Better than trying to route everything through a giant firewall or messing with DNS tables. I'll bite ... what's your favorite? It's not a missing feature. Microsoft office has almost-full-featured in-browser document editing ( http://www.officelive.com/en-us/ ). It actually has a really slick UI (like the desktop office), and more importantly to me, works perfectly on Linux. Edit: as another commenter mentioned, it also has co-authoring; not as slick at google docs at chatting, but it worked well for me. I think it's more of a "please store all the pictures and home videos you want, but don't use it as a HD video repository" tact. Nice try, Watson. I think it's important to note that many queries on Wolfram Alpha are VERY heavyweight--I've had complex calculations and rendering take 30 seconds to a minute to finish. It's not like Google where a query get a result in a few milliseconds. So while Terminology is not likely to be querying it with lots of formulas, I think the policy exists so a badly thought out automated querier can't accidentally put a huge load on Wolfram's engine. Owls and lots of cats have no trouble seeing at night, and still sleep for half the day. I can't think of any organism with high-level cognitive ability that doesn't sleep. I found a correlation: HN is a site full of hackers, and they upvoted it. If you don't like it, downvote it, or don't read it. Yes, that is technically the definition now, but under that logic, since a foot is precisely 0.3048 meters, you can just as easily say a foot is the length of the path travelled by light in 1/983571056 of a second. The meter was clearly originally defined by earth, and the precise definition only clarified later. Java has a very regular syntax, albeit a verbose one... but I guess the last part about Java was for different reasons. If you use an IDE like eclipse and a method isn't defined, one of the auto-correct options will be to create a placeholder method stub for it, and it will flag it with a //TODO stub to keep track of autogenerated ones. Not quite as automated, but it's pretty convenient. > (The low educational and cultural level of the US is embarassing....) doesn't really contribute anything. "The American smile does not mean anything really. Many Russians take the American smile as strange and artificial. " On the other hand, by defining the default behavior as "smile", if somebody looks unhappy, you can actually tell that something is wrong. When the default expression is "gloom", it's impossible to separate "default gloom" from "actually unhappy." Har har har. Extreme theorists don't hate applications, they just don't especially care if they exist. It might look just like trampled grass, to you, but it's Sorghum ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sorghum ) which a subsistence farmer was growing so he could feed himself, and to him it was the difference between eating and starving. It's ridiculous to glibly dismiss the farmer's worries about STARVING because you didn't see much damage in the video. And do you really think a poor village in remote Zimbabwe is going to have the electricity (and money) to put up an electric fence around all their fields? Doesn't the GPL only require you to release the code if you publicly release the software binaries? I was under the impression that if you only released the results (aka his research and papers) you aren't required to make the source open. Not to rant, but I don't understand why every mention of a Java project on here gets some kind of snarky response about Java. If you don't like Java, then don't read the article, and don't spam the comment section with "why would anyone want to use Java?" Obviously if someone is clicking this link, it's because, for whatever personal or work reasons, would like to see a Java implementation of the algorithms, and if they want a discussion of them, would click the comment section. They are not clicking the comment section, however, to hear about how you don't like the language. I found this chart from the Economist pretty interesting: http://media.economist.com/images/images-magazine/2010/34/ST... Aside from the giant spike when China decided to blow up a satellite, it seemed to be leveling out... The Collections class built into Java has a lot of timesavers like this too--singleton, singleonList, singletonMap, and Arrays has stuff like Arrays.asList( ... ). Also it's rarely important that you know the actual type of Map you're using (the interface is what's important), so you can just call Map foo = Maps.newHashMap(); Actually the == comparison is VERY consistent. == will return true only if the values are identical--in the case of primitives, this means the ints or doubles are identical, and in the case of objects it means the pointers have identical values--meaning they point to the exact same object. But this way I know that if I want to do something like change the way things stored in sets, I have to modify equals(), since that's what maps and sets use to check equality. Strings are only allowed to use + because strings were traditionally seen as primitive types, rather than the objects they are in Java. It's a small inconsistency, but more of a concession to existing practice. I'm not sure what else the "on and on" refers to... Hadoop That's what a student loan is. It's just not for a specific job. Having "Startup spirit" doesn't mean imposing a new uniform of tshirts and khakis. How is optimization not a form of search? It's a search through the solution space which tries to find a global minima or maxima. Also, of the techniques you list, simulated annealing, hill climbing and gradient-based optimization are all local search methods (genetic algorithms may or may not be, depending on your emphasis on mutation vs recombination.) Lots of families and couples have netflix collectively. I'd bet there are on average at least 2 or 3 people using each paid account. You're limited to 5 devices total... I'm not sure if you can stream on two at once. I found the "What I Learned From FarmVille - So You Don’t Have To Play It" link from a while ago very interesting: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MDqR1MJHfa98ragj2NBp7JME... Similarly though: just because you CAN do these things, doesn't mean you should. Can we finally upload files that google thinks might be executable? It's so frustrating trying to tar up and upload a working directory as a backup and then having it rejected by gmail because it included some random executable classfile. This was on reddit a week or so ago. I thought the top comment on the article there explained it reasonably, so I'm just going to quote it here: "Here's the situation: -TomTom, when you first set your GPS up, asks you if you want anonymous time/location travel data to be sent to TomTom. You can say no if you want. This has been going on for years. -TomTom sends this anonymous data to authorities and governments with the idea that it will help them know where to build new/better roads etc. This has been going on for years. -TomTom finds out that Dutch police are using this data to set up speed traps. TomTom, as a courtesy, lets everyone know what the Dutch police are doing, while they decide what to do about it. And somehow the headline we get paints TomTom as evil jerks for this? They are the ones who let you know about what Dutch police are doing. This is a press release that they issued. They are warning you." Go back to reddit. No, what would be sad would be letting politics impede scientific cooperation and progress. Luckily we only have to put up with stupidity like this for one generation. If you don't want legislators to get involved, then please stop promoting underhanded techniques which abuse browser features. That's a totally problem/domain specific assertion. A single machine with 8 or so cores simply isn't going to make it through a hundred terabytes of data, and many (most?) hadoop jobs are IO-bound anyway. If you find that micro-optimization greatly increases your performance, you probably shouldn't be using hadoop anyway... The article is interesting (I didn't realize NZ had taken such a strong step) but the "# swpatents" mess in the title is confusing and doesn't really add anything. The dump is also available via torrents from that page. But you didn't. The question I think is, is that "good reason" a reason that was relevant as our brains were evolving millions of years ago, but is irrelevant now? Our brains evolved in a way which maximized reproductive potential, and while having strong cognitive abilities was clearly favored to an extent, there was a constant tradeoff between larger brains and food/energy input. Now that we don't have the same critical food shortages, we can set our own objective functions. Ex, now most people would probably choose a brain with +50 iq points which required an extra 1000 kcals a day, but a few tens of thousands of years ago, those requirements would probably have been fatal... Not disagreeing with the rest of the article, but what's wrong with craigslist? It's super clean, simple, fast, and easy to use. What could extra javascript/flash/ajax possibly add to the site? If there was a foolproof way to make > 12% interest, the credit card company would have invested in it instead of investing in you. Pay off your debt. I don't know about libraries in California specifically, but traditionally libraries get most of their funding at the municipal level (funded by the cities). It depends on whether you consider the purpose as technically enabling the spreading of information/books, or actually encouraging people to go and read and study. Sure people are able to go and buy or download each of the books in there, but IMO kids still gain a ton from wandering around the stacks until they find something interesting. It's also a good way to impress upon kids the huge amount of gathered knowledge out there, and how important it is to make use of it... 1) you don't need $500k+ in funding to build a successful software company. 2) this is especially true living in a part of the country with a reasonable cost of living. Somewhere like Missouri, $50k is two reasonable years of runway for a single 20-something (even in a metro area like St Louis, you'll be able to rent for ~$400 .) 3) it's pretty ridiculous (and arrogant) to assume that nowhere else in the country can you get investors. I have no idea what cultural rock you have lived under, St Louis is a city like any other. If you make an effort to look for it, it does indeed a cultural scene (St Louis symphony, Fox theater), and an intellectual scene (Washington University.) I'm sorry you haven't found more than a couple people who "enjoy thinking", but with that kind of arrogance it's more likely they're just avoiding you. I hate going on reddit because of flamebait moronic comments like these. Time to find a new news aggregator... Seems pedantic, but a lot of people use punctuation as a signal. Couldn't hurt to capitalize properly. It's not about rewarding you for being healthy, it's about charging people for the resources (eg, jet fuel) which they consume. Whether your weight is from fat or muscles, you are costing the airline more than the 75kg person next to you. > that's the only market they really dominate Office "When a butterfly flaps its tentacles in Japan..." Really cool! One idea-- it would be awesome if I could set up an account with a list of topics I have experience in (maybe just pulled from linkedin?), and be automatically notified when an application relevant to my knowledge is submitted. I bet there would be thousands of people happy to chime in once a week / month when a patent in a specific field they have experience in was submitted. It would be a great way to build up a base of expert knowledge without requiring people to be constantly polling the site. Heh, too many buzzwords? I was trying to think of a simpler title, but didn't make too much progress... That mindset is what got us into the IPv4 mess we're in right now. Why? It's great either way. If improvements to Ubuntu help get people into linux, and they choose to stay on Ubuntu rather than move to Debian, how is that not a win? Thinkpad W530, 16Gb, i7-3820QM, 1920x1080 res. Nvidia graphics, easily supports 4 external 1920x1080 monitors via docking station. Pretty awesome. I'm sick of seeing nothing else on the front page. I'll go to reddit/r/politics when I want constant updates on his flight itinerary. I'm not trying to make any philosophical statements. My problem is the HN coverage right now is not insightful, it's a paparazzi-level tracking of everything he says and does. In a couple months when the details have been filtered from the blogspam, maybe we can have an insightful discussion. Right now it is nothing of the sort. Yeah.. sadly I had to temporarily turn turn off the script to read the comments. Thread got hellbanned I guess. Hopefully it didn't ban my account as well. "Hacker" now optional. The word "literally" does not mean what you think it means. Please for the love of god keep the shitty memes on reddit. How is this at all relevant? The GPL is always available to read (and usually included in full text in the project.) This is about having to agree to terms you don't have access to even if you want them. I'm not a web developer, sorry in advance for any problems with the site... first non-Java project in a while. Adding a few of my own peeves: 4. Bitcoin is inherently deflationary, which is an awful idea if you talk to anyone who knows anything about money 5. Bitcoin is fundamentally backed by pointlessly wasting CPU cycles and wasting energy trying to reverse hashes. You absolutely have 4 backwards. Deflation is good for those rich enough to have money sitting around, and who can make money just by sitting on it and not investing it. Inflation is bad for the rich because suddenly they have to DO something with the money, or it disappears. Most transactions now do not involve cash, and credit card transactions are in fact far more energy-efficient than bitcoin transactions. And it is not just using energy to "create something of value"--it is an artificial waste of energy barrier. Furthermore, there will be an energy cost to transactions even after no substantial number of bitcoins are mined, since just verifying transactions requires wasteful hashing. The solar energy part is totally irrelevant--if you happen to have a solar panel sitting around, you could just as easily use it for actual work (and offset coal burning) rather than computing hashes. There's no need to be pointlessly snarky. Nobody has any idea how many units of the Ubuntu edge will "sell", because it's not for sale yet. It's ridiculous to consider an $800 commitment to back a product which will exist a year from now at best a "sale". What the hell are you talking about? How the hell does drivel like this get upvoted? I think many developers complain about recruiters as a way of subtly bragging about how many people want to hire them. Secretly, they'd be kind of disappointed if the emails stopped coming. I'm not trying to say the recruiters are pleasant or anything. I just feel like the amount of complaining about recruiter emails is disproportionate to how inconvenient they actually are. There's nothing wrong with disliking the emails--a lot of people get recruiter emails and just silently ignore them; a few complain loudly about them, and that's who I'm talking about. In the US once a certain number of people hold stock you have additional financial disclosure laws. But if it's owned by a single owner / family, you're never forced to go public regardless of revenue. That wouldn't make any sense, since you'd basically be forcing the owners to sell their shares whether they wanted to or not. When all you know how to use is a hammer, everything looks like a nail... If you think someone else's idea is a good idea, there's nothing shameful about working for "someone else's dream." Your motivation in anything you do should be that you are doing something that will make the world a better place, whether or not it was "your idea." If you think someone has a great idea that you want to happen, then join in. Your motivation shouldn't be making yourself famous. The bar chart is straight from Google docs, which just auto-scaled however it saw fit. I tried to present the numbers first to be clear about the absolute range. Rapleaf's API provides income given an email address, when available. I ran the list of emails from the git commit log across that API, which only gives me data points for the users who have income data available. Is there really any way to correct for the fact that not all the data is going to be available? It certainly doesn't exclude a sampling bias, which I did mention in the post, possibly not aggressively enough. No, but people who contribute to VimL projects (among other projects) do get paid for something. Yeah, those are definitely all possible. I would have preferred to use personal income but it's not available via the API, and I figured that using household income was better than nothing. You're getting downvoted because - You just made up article titles to prove your point. - You call out the USA for no particular reason, because your arguments apply equally to other countries. - You don't provide any alternative to "science", which according to you is inherently flawed, which makes pretty much any discussion with you pointless. Totally with you. I can't imagine using a language where I can't create easily re-usable data structures. It feels like a huge step backwards. Comments like this are why hacker news is so frustrating now. It's a rant about TI calculators which doesn't address any of the points made in the article itself, yet is sitting at the top of the comments. If you want to talk about TI calculators in general, write a blog post and post it here or something, but I don't see why this mostly-unrelated comment needs to dominate any discussion about the actual points being discussed in the article. Internet yesterday: "YouTube comments are the cesspool of the internet, and you will lose brain cells by reading them" Internet today: "Anonymous and uncensored YouTube comments are the only thing standing between us and a dystopian surveillance state overseen by Google+" I understand there are there are tradeoffs, but so much of the hate seems to be arbitrary anti-Google ranting. JVM security concerns are irrelevant when you are running a desktop application. You aren't running it as root, and you aren't executing arbitrary code as if you were running applets. If arbitrary code is able to access the JVM on your computer, then you already have arbitrary code running on your computer. If you're truly worried about the second point, to run JetBrains software all you need is to download the jvm somewhere on your system (it's just a directory) and set the JAVA_HOME variable before starting it: export JAVA_HOME=/my/install/dir; bin/pycharm.sh There is really no conceivable way that your browser would be scanning your operating system looking for a downloaded JVM (if it does that, it's not a browser, it's a virus.) If you truly are religiously against jvm it's w/e to me, but the security concerns are not valid. Total information is not the same as informative labeling. Companies are not allowed to label the absence of irrelevant things for good reason--when a food is labeled as "X-free", X should in some way be something worth avoiding for some people (if you want a trans-fat-free / carb-free / gluten-free diet, etc.) This is what consumers expect when they see a label advertising the absence of something--that it is worth avoiding. If you are allowed to put completely irrelevant or misleading labels, companies could "distinguish" their brands with other nonsense: "Biotin free!" "No added Niacin!" "No synthetic Pyridoxine!" Does any consumer realize that these are in fact not things you should be avoiding? Of course not, and they shouldn't have to. So if you start letting companies label food as GMO free, most people will be misled because they expect the labeling to be because of a scientific reason the food is worth avoiding--when there is of course absolutely no scientific basis to fear GMO foods. IntelliJ does an amazingly good job of Javascript + html + CSS code completion, inspection, and reformatting. I primarily program in Java and I expected basically no IDE support for Javascript, but I was pleasantly surprised when it started warning me that imported files don't exist, my jquery selectors don't match any element IDs, my CSS is invalid, etc etc etc. If you do feel like booting up an IDE... Intellij's Javscript refactoring is really impressive. "95% uncertainty interval 48,000–751,000" I understand the value in trying to quantify this, but it's difficult to really conclude anything useful when your upper and lower confidence intervals vary by 15x I don't toss this around lightly, but Wal-Mart is one of the very few companies I absolutely always do business with because it is cheap, reliable, and I hate going to multiple stores on a single shopping trip. If you are at a large company with a data-driven marketing department (hint: the good ones are), the statement "Well, we definitely proved that there's absolutely no correlation between our manager's new initiative and online sales; that small spike we saw was within seasonal variation" will be much appreciated and valued. The data scientist doesn't need to report to the head of Marketing, and won't feel any pressure to make someone else's manager look good. The post is referencing a different problem. This is the scenario described: 1) since the exchanges can't discriminate on pre-existing conditions, many people with expensive pre-existing conditions in need of treatment will sign up. 2) because a high percentage of the new customers to the new plans need expensive treatments, insurance companies are forced to raise the rates on the new plans to cover costs 3) after seeing the higher insurance rates, healthy people quit the plan since their expected healthcare costs are lower 4) repeat steps 2 and 3 until very few people can both afford to be in the plan and have very pressing healthcare needs. Maybe some good will come of having a dsyfunctional congress unable to pass new legislation. I know it's been said before, but to reiterate: outrage doesn't help anything, but buying products from these companies DOES hurt. If you're truly outraged enough to want to take action, take action - writing to your representatives - donating to the EFF or other organizations - by not donating another $2k to Apple for a new Mac*, implicitly endorsing these bullshit tactics - not developing for those platforms (App Store, etc) Leaving comments here expressing outrage isn't really helping. If you don't notice that you're out 20K... you should probably just give your money to a financial planner instead. Why would China not like bitcoin? They can - track all financial transactions by all people to find dissidents and find NGO funding sources - throw 10% of a datacenter at it whenever they feel like it and pull off a 51% attack - lock up a huge number of bitcoins via the above point My understanding was that since Florida is essentially at sea level the water table was high enough that it would not be safe or practical to put electrical wires underground. Could be wrong though. Bt-Corn is resistive to insects and has nothing to do with herbicides. The goal is to not require as many pesticides. Also, Roundup is no longer under patent protections ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roundup_(herbicide) ), so farmers can buy roundup from a variety of sources. Crime rates in the United States (both violent and property) have been dropping for decades-- variety of charts here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_the_United_States . I could hunt for more original sources but I promise they are not at all hard to find, it is a very well-established trend. Open-source visualization of our solar neighborhood: http://uncharted.bpodgursky.com/ (source https://github.com/bpodgursky/uncharted ) "What we have gained in efficiency and by avoiding the overuse of scarce and potentially environmentally damaging inputs, we may be losing in the connections of the farm family to the ancestral place." What a stupid quote. If it's a tradeoff, call it a tradeoff--you are not losing environmental savings by losing the "connection of the farm family to the ancestral place", you are trading something sentimental for direct benefits to the environment and cheaper food. Uruguay's population is 3.3 million, which is a bit smaller than Oklahoma, for comparison. It's not shocking to me that a head of state of a small country like that doesn't have all the trappings and security a of a country of 100mm / 300mm / a billion people. Oh I'm sure they COULD if they really wanted one, you just don't generally have the same security concerns you have with a large country. It's just not as surprising to me that they decided they didn't need one. I agree with you on stuff like schools, firemen, and healthcare. But it's a different calculation for a head of state. When 300mm people look to an individual as a leader (rather than 3mm people) there are 100x as many threats to their security via disgruntled citizens, crazy people, etc, so physical security has to scale. It's like saying, "why does the mayor of my town not need the same number of secret service as the president?" There are just far fewer things they feel the need to defend from. East St Louis is not in St Louis. It's (1) in Illinois and (2) across the Mississippi river, and there is a 0% chance of accidentally wandering there. I guess I just don't understand this mindset. I prefer food that tastes good, and don't really care whether 10 or 1,000,000 other people are able to enjoy it as well. Doesn't hurt me if they can reproduce it on a mass scale. I see 5 results. Also, if you click on "sorted by date" rather than "sorted by relevance, a lot more appear. It's shocking that nobody mentions minimum wage increases as at least part of the cause here. When in some places the starting wage can't be lower than $10/hr, of course it's going to be challenging for college or high school students to get an employer to take a risk on them. Natural selection at work. Just to save everyone else the time I spent reading wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zacarias_Moussaoui ), there is no question that Zacarius: (1) knew about the plans for 9/11, although he wasn't selected to participate in that attack (2) was planning a separate attack via plane on the white house, but was arrested first (3) was taking flying classes to prepare for that attack This is tangental to the quite valid original article, but claiming that Zacarus was "framed" is an enormous distortion of the facts. The fact is, outside the echo chambers of HN and reddit--and even within, by a silent minority at least--people simply don't worry about NSA / etc concerns enough to let it affect their day to day life. I'm one of those. This isn't to say I endorse in any way what's going on (and I've written to my congressional representatives to that extent), but whether rationally or irrationally I am really not concerned about NSA surveillance affecting me personally. Will it negatively affect the nation as a whole, sure, but I honestly don't think wearing Glass (once the price drops enough I'd even consider buying one) will pose an real threat to me. So yeah, I do think it's a remotely good idea, as long it's useful to me otherwise. Because I'm American, and while I'm not really a fan of most of the shit they're pulling, it's still more likely to be in my interest (or less against my interests) than whatever the PLA has in mind. > It's not like my programming knowledge is solid enough to pass a technical interview. Don't convince yourself of that. A ton of companies are looking for smart people with good number and data skills who are able to expand their programming skills as needed. Being able to learn new skills IMO is a lot more valuable than being a 10 year expert in a particular language. It's also odd that there's no "browse all projects" or "find projects to back" option, only a few hand-curated options. No discovery options at all. You missed an "A". It's a common mistake. NSA does the spying, NASA explores space. It'd be a shame if someone accidentally boycotted the wrong one. It's possible, but my profile is set to "Share with everyone" and I still got a notification a few weeks ago asking me whether I wanted to change mine back to "Share only with friends", so I wouldn't assume the worst. The security concerns of in-browser java and java on a server are completely different. I rarely if ever see security problems for servers running on the jvm. Almost all problems are with applets. Theft can destroy a lot more value than the goods themselves: - stolen goods are hard to sell, and like others have mentioned credit cards are re-sold to others who make most of the profit - even if there is a suspicion that a card has been stolen, it is often re-issued, causing a lot of operational cost even if it was not actually among those stolen A lot of other options too like others have mentioned. Advertising a food as GMO free is banned for good reason. Labeling is supposed to be informative to the consumer, and alert them to nutritional information about the food which could impact their health--and GMO foods have decisively been shown to have no health impact. If food manufacturers were free to advertise the absence of irrelevant nutrients, they would immediately begin barraging consumers with useless or harmful information-- "now free of pyridoxal phosphate!" "no phylloquinone used in the production of this cereal!" Should the average consume have to know that these are actually vitamin K and B6? Of course not, the nutrition facts are there to inform them, and the FDA makes sure it cannot be used just for branding purposes or to confuse the consumer. Since GMO food is unequivocally proven safe, the manufacturer will not be helping the consumer make an informed decision by advertising the absence. IMO Gradle has made huge improvements the past couple years (when I first started using it a few years ago it was incredibly unstable) but if you are a semi-power user of Maven I think you're going to find yourself frustrated using gradle still for a couple reasons (I've looked into this for my work recently, moving away from Ivy). Note I haven't extensively used Gradle, this is just from research: - Intellij has incredible Maven support, and by this point almost all the bugs have been worked out. Gradle support is improving, but our company has dozens of modules, a mix of Java / Clojure source code, and depends heavily on Intellij automatic source linking working correctly, dependency propagation working 100% successfully, etc, and it's really easy for small bugs to become blockers. Last I checked there were still a number of pretty frustrating bugs related to this - The Jenkins maven plugin is great, and the Gradle one is mediocre. For example, it does not even handle automatic triggering of downstream builds (this is absolutely critical for us https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-19941 ) - Gradle pretty decent plugin support by now, but is not yet as exhaustive as what you'll find with Maven (there's a maven plugin for basically everything now) - This may have been resolved, but I had issues configuring getting Gradle to update snapshot dependencies, which was really important to us. In the end I decided to migrate to Maven to avoid these headaches. I think I will try to use Gradle for personal projects, but I don't feel comfortable migrating our company stack there yet. 1) I don't think it's possible this is the final version of the redesign, because there's no way Google would remove Hangouts visibility from gmail 2) It seems like hipster designers are competing to find new and flashy ways to waste enormous amount of my screen on useless whitespace Let's please evaluate the current article on its own merits. I'm really tired of the new witch-hunt-as-acceptable mentality on here and the news. It's frustrating reading the comments and seeing it filled with complaints about unrelated articles by the same author. To put it delicately, you'll find that Israelis and Swiss living in the US are not the ones committing the gun violence. > Experts in the country question whether these requests have any legal authority As much as it sucks that Twitter is forced to do this, the government of neither Russia or Pakistan has a legal system which I would trust to fully respect the rule of law in this matter--either is likely to simply block the service if the requests are not acknowledged. As principled as Google's stand was in refusing to pull an offensive video, it probably did more to stifle the free flow of information than had they pulled the "offensive" video on request. At least that way people would have an idea of which specific videos the government didn't want them to see, rather than the entire site being blocked out. I like the idea of opening gmail up to developers via a public API, but I don't like that it comes at the cost of removing support for an open standard like IMAP. I'm worried that API access could be cut back or eliminated entirely in the future depending on developer uptake, leaving gmail entirely inaccessible to third-party applications. Edit: I'm going off of this sentence: >It will replace IMAP, a common but complex way for applications to communicate with most email services, limiting the number of apps that can work with Gmail Maybe it's misleading, but it sounds like the plan is to drop support. Have you looked into setting up your projects as modules? I have dozens of modules in a project with no issues. If the projects are related there are benefits like source code linking too. I think a lot of people here are making too much out of the fact that there's no extradition treaty with the Maldives. An extradition treaty would simply mean that they were more or less obligated to extradite the hacker if the US requested (and vice-versa for the US). But the Maldives are a sovereign nation--if they are OK with the US taking him into custody, their government is free to let that happen, treaty or not. The only thing which would indicate wrongdoing is if the Maldives filed a protest against the US for the abduction (suggesting it wasn't complicit). Where are you shopping? While the average american supermarket (Kroger, Gerbes, Safeway, Wal-Mart) has a lot of unhealthy food available, there are also a lot of fresh fruit and vegetables. Whole foods is a REALLY bad example of the average cost of food in the US--it's well known for being expensive and catering to the organic/locally grown/whatever crowd. You're not going to get an accurate idea of US food prices shopping there. There's no evidence to speak of in the article--just calculations speculating that the success rate should be low. At best, it calls for Israel to produce evidence that the system is indeed working. It's an admission that the world is changing and they have to keep up. > I'm not a racist, but when a country has almost no IP protections and artificially limits access to international competitors via a firewall, it sets up an environment where copying other peoples' work is a very low-risk and profitable proposition. This is a 5,000 year plan. It would be ridiculous to try to estimate what fraction of the globe could afford geoengineering in 2,000 years (if I'm taking a random guess, I'm saying either all of it or none of it). I suspect that when you get up to 250kg you run into stability issues as much as strength issues. Even if you could lift it easily, it would be really tricky to hold it in a way that you won't tip over and drop it. To be a tad cynical, in the US, "diverse" is often a synonym for non-white. Nothing pollutes java source more than code which REQUIRES setter methods for functionality. If you have classes which require constant mutable access to internal state, your design is probably flawed. > Could be a case of evolutionary dynamics at play in the system. IF the typos mattered, then dumb scammers would have been weeded out. OR, those who were able to produce high-quality grammatical English were able to find better jobs than running 419 scams. If it's an issue which is remotely controversial and they are making useful contributions, I agree. If they are astroturfing for a country which is actively invading another sovereign nation, and lying through their teeth about it... I'm sorry, but you're not contributing to the discussion but instead are just spreading misinformation and your comment is not useful. Not all opinions are equally valid. Totally unscientific, but my personal theory is that exposure to different visual / audio stimulation can make the brain jump to different paths when working on different problems, and taking a walk makes me experience more stuff than I will by sitting in the same chair all the time. The brain doesn't seem to work well in a vacuum, so if you spend all day staring at the same four walls, it might let you focus, but there's not a lot of entropy coming in to make you think in different ways. 50% interest over how many years? I never ever hold a credit card balance but even I would not be able to turn down a capped loan over decades if I wasn't getting punished for it. Like others have said I think open sourcing was always unlikely. But I think a real clean mod api is a real possibility now. This poll is a spectacular example of selection bias, and the uselessness of polls. There's not a chance in hell that 20% of active Dropbox users have stopped using it, even among tech circles. I would be amazed if even 20% knew about this in the first place, and amazed if as much as 1/10 of those people truly stopped using Dropbox. Alibaba is a pretty bad example to use, because Yahoo made $9.4 billion because they DID invest in Alibaba early on. Imo forever war is amazing, but stranger in a strange land devolves into bizarre fantasy. I'd strongly recommend the former if you're more interested in hard sci fi and the implications of real accurate (ish) relativistic travel. Act fast, the price of Bitcoin is also quickly trending towards the negatives : ) I'm happy to trade my $35/mo cell phone bill in exchange for the 12% marginal tax rate California adds. IMO Huxley's predictions are much harder to appreciate given the relativity of cultural norms to what we grew up experiencing. While it's certainly possible to be desensitized to totalitarian oppression, I think it's harder to really appreciate the a more gradual cultural shift wrt acceptance of mood-altering prescription drugs, sexuality, mass market entertainment, etc. Not scientific in the slightest, I just think it's easier to miss the subtler ways that Huxley's predictions have been realized. Having photos on my own external hard drive is an enormous liability. Even ignoring the risk of a fire / theft / loss (not to mention the hassle itself of backing them up locally), drives fail. > have a pretty big downloading task ahead of you to get all these images and move them elsewhere I would say instead you have an enormous uploading task ahead of you to move 2 Tb of photos from your HDD into the cloud somewhere. Plus, the main reason I have photos is to share them with other people. If I'm going to end up uploading them somewhere else, it's just easier. I know opinions differ on privacy, but I honestly could not care less who sees my vacation photos. The vast majority of UN nations are ruled by undemocratic and corrupt regimes. Why should they have any say over who runs my DNS? Inter-breeding success isn't always all-or-none. A lot of the time you'll get sterile or un-viable offspring when the species are on the brink of incompatibility. So the fact that it was successful some of the time (which is clear now) doesn't necessarily mean most offspring survived. Large scale immigration is just passing the buck down onto a currently-poorer country. But poor countries aren't going to stay human-meat factories forever, and sooner rather than later someone is going to have to figure out a way to maintain an industrialized society with a stable population. But will it be any easier for them to get permanently residency after? There's no point in doubling the number of people going through college and working on OPT if there's a hard cap on the number which can convert those to H-1Bs or (eventually) into green cards. I think that's simplistic. It lets any energy source with access to seawater store energy in a very energy-dense medium, eg gasoline. Oceanic wind-turbines, solar panels, nuclear generators on the ocean, etc. Certainly more useful short-term for the navy, but could definitely be extended to civilian uses. Someone has to be below average. Dunno why it's sadder to have unemployed Californians than unemployed Virginians. You're working in Intellij, it's the same number of keystrokes (the entire block is generated on If you like Gradle fine, but this is a really stupid thing to make that choice over. Did you even read? In like the second paragraph, it points out: > Judging the world through headlines is like judging a city by spending a night in A&E – you only see the worst problems. I've always known intellectually that the Saturn V was an absurdly powerful rocket, but I think this is the comparison that really drove it home > [T]he power output of the Saturn first stage was 60 gigawatts. This happens to be very similar to the peak electricity demand of the United Kingdom. As they say... nobody ever got fired for buying AWS. If phone manufacturers weren't in a constant race to cut the last .1 oz off of their phones while still being barely-sufficient to get through a day, this wouldn't even be an issue. I'd be happy to double my phone's weight for 3 days of life.