I'm not sure the present situation is actually worse than 1984 or "beyond Orwellian" but agreed on absurd, ridiculous and disgusting. The fact that we are even having a conversation about the similarity is concerning. The observation that a community may be infiltrated by spooks reminds me of spot the fed: https://www.defcon.org/html/defcon-15/dc-15-stf.html . So if I understand you correctly the railroads would basically be the same as the Interstate highway system? I don't know enough about how the railroads work to comment on how feasible such an arrangement would be. Does the government currently subsidize railroad maintenance and/or construction? Edit: Is there a precedent anywhere else in the world for nationalized railways? I don't think he advocated nationalizing the railroads, just the infrastructure. I don't see how this would be any different than trucking companies competing on public roads. There is certainly competition in that industry. Are there regions where two railroad (companies) have built competing infrastructure? Disclaimer: I am not an accountant. According to http://www.bnsf.com/about-bnsf/financial-information/form-10... BNSF has about 85% of their revenue in the tracks and 15% in the trains so your guess isn't far off. Can you comment on competition for a given route in the current railroad model? I assume railroads control who uses their tracks so they can prevent competitors from serving those routes, is that the case and how does that not constitute some form of monopoly? Edit: Thank you for the clarification, I had no idea how much railroads had tied up in the infrastructure. It seems that much of the value of a railroad is on the ability to serve certain routes without competition which in hindsight is pretty obvious. For a route from city A to city B that can be served by BNSF do consumers have a choice of a second railroad? If the answer to that is mostly no doesn't BNSF have some form of monopoly on rail transport? Thanks for the map. I see that many of these routes are only served by one railroad. For example, how does BNSF not have a monopoly on the route from Moorhead to Brainerd? How common are track sharing and common transport agreements? AnimalMuppet did a great job answering the monopoly question elsewhere in the comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10510522 Thank you again for your detailed replies, I don't know much about our rail infrastructure but it is interesting. Can you explain what the taxes are for on the rail lines? In your example could the customer build their own small rail lines to meet up with the existing tracks of BNSF and UP both to allow them to pick who they use to haul freight between Chicago and LA? Does that happen? I am reminded of a plant tour at a major manufacturer where they had a rail line that ran right into their factory to deliver raw materials, I wonder who owns the rails. Do railroads have a anything similar to the meet up rooms in carrier hotels where you can move from one rail network to another? Please remember that it falls to us, the voters and citizens to enact the laws that we see fit. The judicial branch only interprets the law, we still have the ability to change it if we disagree. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. 1) Providing commercial passenger service is not the same as giving someone a ride. In the case of commercial service your passengers are your customers and expect a certain level of service. This could motivate you to take additional risks that you would not otherwise take. Such as flying in questionable weather so as not to lose the fare or get a bad rating on the service causing you to miss out on future fares. 2) Flying an airplane is nothing like making a cheeseburger. I do not think it is a worthwhile goal to allow unskilled people to operate airplanes, especially if they are carrying passengers. Instead we should focus on making sure the operators of the planes are as capable as possible to first avoid dangerous situations and then deal with them when they are unavoidable. This is exactly what the FAA does. If you screw up a cheeseburger maybe someone gets sick, if you screw up in an airplane people die. They aren't even remotely the same thing. If you think a review is bogus you could always click the "no" button to indicate that the review is not helpful. You can also report the review and tell Amazon that you think the review is bogus. Do you have any data to back up the claim that most of the recent reviews are bogus? Aaron Swartz, not Schwartz. I completely agree with you, while I know $40+mm means $40M it is only because of context, not because I actually parse it as "thousand thousand". In my mind mm is millimeter, even as an American. HN is the only place I see this notation used. The great thing about standards is there are so many to choose from. https://xkcd.com/927/ Is there reason to believe that a TRNG would somehow select numbers with a better chance of winning than any other method? I can see the method impacting the number of dollars you win but surely any valid set of numbers has the same chance to win as any other. It's not like your TRNG is actually emulating the behavior of the balls in the machine. Do you have examples of the auto industry fighting safety features? I used to own an early 70s Oldsmobile Toronado which was available with both ABS and airbags. A quick Google search suggests that Chrysler and Ford had similar braking systems in 1971, possibly even better. ABS was not required by US law until 2011. 40 years after the US domestics first offered it. I believe Ford made a big deal out of their padded dashboards in the 1950s as well but I would have to dig up references to that. While Volvo has a great safety record they are not even close to the only manufacturer with a history of adding safety features to their cars. Safety is good business, the US domestics have known this for decades. The 1971 Oldsmobile Torornado brochure prominently features ABS and specifically calls out the safety features available in that year: http://www.lov2xlr8.no/brochures/olds/71toro/bilder/6.jpg The NASA audit wasn't nearly as comprehensive as you may have expected: http://embeddedgurus.com/barr-code/2013/10/an-update-on-toyo... NASA didn't find a software defect, this is not the same as NASA finding that there is no software defect. Toyota absolutely built and sold dangerous vehicles with software and hardware defects. This was not only a matter of gas pedals sticking to floor mats. Importantly in this context Toyota did not put customer safety first and decided to suppress the truth of the problem rather than own the solution. This is cause for concern as we move toward self-driving systems which have to be perceived to work in order for the product to remain economically viable. Why? Windows 7 gets regular updates. Windows 8/8.1/10 are not updates to Windows 7, it is a different operating system. Edit: Not sure why all the downvotes, I honestly don't see how "up to date Windows 7" is an oxymoron. I know that some network configurations will still have to use actual IPv6 addresses but for the most part you could save yourself a lot of pain by just using DNS and hostnames. Is this actually true? Are you saying that every person in the world is morally bankrupt? We hire corrupt officials because people allow it. I fail to see what this defeatist attitude solves. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. That raises an interesting question about the life of rail car brakes. The cost of constant attention seems like it would be significant. I wonder how the brakes are constructed to minimize maintenance costs. The article does mention adding other sensor data to the ECP bus, brake life could be monitored in real time. This is actually really interesting. How granular are these metrics? Do individual bearings have sensors on them for example? Does the locomotive cut a maintenance ticket when light bulbs burn out? How many different sensors contribute to the 150,000 data points? Most of the car parks are underground, it's not like they are taking up viable office space. The NASA people seemed pretty happy when Curiosity landed on Mars: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svUJdzMHwmM&t=3m10s It's patriotism, we should be proud our country has a company that is doing this. Donald Trump has nothing to do with it. I can understand the distaste for nationalistic displays in Germany and I think it says a lot for the German people that this is considered distasteful. This is a peacetime effort that is likely to improve all of mankind. If you want to criticize the celebratory reaction to killing someone then I will probably agree with you. This is something else. Pride in one's nation and it's achievements is not inherently shameful. Do you believe that nationalistic displays are never appropriate? Why is it ok to celebrate your nation during World Cup but not after a significant technological achievement in peacetime? He could do his job effectively by asking for more information about what Tor is. This understanding may impact his decision to issue the warrant. Law enforcement lied by omission, do you think they would take that risk if they thought the outcome would stay the same? Technology is not an exception. He isn't exempt from making informed decisions. Law enforcement omitted a fact that could lead to the judge asking questions. The difference is that the decision would be in the hands of the judge instead of law enforcement. The balance of power would be in check. Except in this case Bultmann and Robinson are Hertz, not the customer. They also knowingly rented to a drug dealer. Another analogy may be running a Hertz in Saudi Arabia and renting to women without male guardians present. The computer is not rented, they were in control of a device that may have been used to distribute child pornography. They themselves claim to know and understand this but feel that the risk of enabling criminal behavior is outweighed by the benefits to society of the "good" crime. Such as expression of dissent against regimes they disagree with. I'm not convinced this search was unreasonable from a legal perspective. I do not know enough about the legal precedent around running a Tor node but I could understand if they are on the hook for what happens with their node. I respect what they are doing and I don't think what they are doing is wrong morally but they are taking on a risk which they believe is outweighed by the benefit. Can you give an example of such evidence and how it would be gathered? I don't disagree with you but I can see both sides of this. The judge didn't get a chance to ask in this case. Thanks, that does make sense. How does this compare to a cash-only business? Say I run a banana stand that only accepts cash. What level of proof does law enforcement need in order to look into more personal aspects of my life and business if they believe I am using it launder money? IANAL but this feels similar to me. I recently discovered AvE and now bigclive. I'm not sure how I missed this particular internet rabbit hole but I love it. Just this weekend I watched entirely too many AvE videos and now I am fluent in Canadian. His style is... unique. I think it's great but I'm sure it's not for everyone. This is great, thank you! You don't own the bank, they owned the computer. You aren't responsible for what happens to money the bank loans out since that money isn't yours. From the article: "Bultmann and Robinson had publicly advertised that they operated a Tor exit relay node—a node in the global Tor network, whose purpose is to give users the ability to browse the web anonymously. They said they operated the node as a service to dissidents in repressive countries, knowing full well that criminals might use it as well, much like any other communication tool." So yes, they didn't know which drug dealer they were renting to or which packets were from drug dealers (or child pornographers) but they did know it was possible. And with Tor I think it would even be considered likely. There seems to be a difference between say running a Tor exit node and running a commercial VoIP service. With VoIP the operator is required by law to record and make available certain information to LEO. Tor by design prevents the operators from having that information. I'm not sure what the legal consequences are but it seems to me that in any other "communication tool" situation the operator is expected to at least make an attempt to prevent illegal use. With Tor that isn't possible so I don't think it's really "like any other communication tool" Bultmann and Robinson knew they might be enabling criminal behavior with their own personal equipment in their home. I think it's easy to at least see the perspective of law enforcement in this case or how the legal system could find them at least partially responsible. I'm not saying this is what should happen but I don't think we have a clearly defined right to run an open proxy as a get out of jail free card. Looks like the landing was perfectly centered on the barge this time as well. Does anyone know when they plan on reusing one of these recovered first stages? Laziness is a virtue. What you're suggesting is not all that different than creating a webpage that says "read the book" instead of adding value. If a bot can be created to make discovering answers easier why shouldn't it be done? Musk himself didn't expect SpaceX to succeed. It was one launch away from complete failure. You're essentially making the argument "If NASA can put a man on the moon why do I still have to buy toothpaste?" SpaceX has and continues to do amazing things, that doesn't mean suddenly everything we want is feasible. You're suggesting Musk is so concerned with the success of Tesla that he is willing to torpedo alternate projects to drive up sales of his own product. If that is true why did he release the patents for those products into the public domain where someone could build a directly competing product? Do you have any evidence of this beyond what you have heard? I believe the down votes are a result of your lack of evidence. I'm not defending Facebook but I have yet to see any substance to the argument that they are manipulating the conversation on their platform. Yes but we didn't have to wash their dishes. Ads are one thing, invasive popover interactive surveys are another. For yet another perspective, the measure in question was put in place by lawmakers who are elected to do the will of the people. If this law is being passed then we can infer that the will of the people is not, in fact, to have their property stolen by the state without due process. Can you elaborate on the redefinition of "hate-speech"? How was it previously defined and how has that definition changed? Who changed it? As an American this is especially interesting to me because we place such value on our freedom of speech but also pay a high price in the hate speech that is viewed as a necessary evil. It seems that the EU has made an attempt to manage this hateful speech but I'm not familiar with the specifics. Ransomware infects your machine, silently encrypts and decrypts everything for a period of months then stops. Your backups are encrypted and only the ransomware can decrypt them. Perhaps RAM snapshots could be employed as part of the backup to allow retrieval of the encryption key. Doesn't Netflix run it's own CDN outside AWS? I thought the AWS gear was only for browsing the catalog and actual content delivery is done with custom hardware, preferably at your local ISP. I suspect that their licensing fees are orders of magnitude more than the distribution costs. The size of the catalog seems to me like it would be limited by the content owners terms more than storage prices. I would not criticize the other side of the debate for being steadfast. I will however criticize the belief itself. I will base my criticism on actual events such as this one instead of hypotheticals. I do not think considering this case in the encryption/backdoor debate is an over-adjustment based on a single failure. I think this a relevant example of the risks of creating and using a golden key. If you discount every individual example what are you left with? As daenney stated, the hope is to influence debate, not base the decision entirely on one event. Do you believe this situation has no relevance to the encryption and backdoor debate? Are you arguing that because no policy will be 100% effective we just shouldn't bother with a discussion? Even if we accept Russian responsibility for the hack how do you know their motive is to sabotage the election? It seems to me that insider knowledge of the party is valuable on its own. Why do you think they are trying to influence the election? It is likely that Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the United States. Would it not be valuable for Russia to have knowledge of her party? Do you think the CIA would be interested to have inside knowledge of United Russia? I never used it because I didn't want it to spray binaries all over a system directory. Macports is completely self-contained which I consider to be a much better design decision and less likely to cause me problems. To turn your question around, who uses Homebrew instead of Macports? The argument for "treat ISP infrastructure like a utility" has always been that quality of service will improve and prices will drop if competition is introduced. It sounds to me like the regulations did exactly what would be expected when an actual market is allowed to form. How does this arrangement not work if you have good customer service and low prices from Comcast? Are you suggesting that the alternatives are somehow even worse than standard Comcast? I'm not a Bluetooth headphone user but how does the Bluetooth affect the iPhone's battery? Also, carrying two cheap sets of headphones around doesn't sound more convenient than just using wired headphones. Is the wire really that much of a problem? Never used a Samsung Note 7 but does anything in the pen holder connect inside the phone or is it just a hole surrounded in plastic? With a headphone jack there are a lot (at least 3?) of connections that have to pass into the phone which could complicate the waterproofing. From the Apple webpage: http://www.apple.com/shop/product/MMEF2AM/A/airpods Connections AirPods: Bluetooth The AirPods are Bluetooth so they should work with the MacBook too. All the more reason a bike rider should be aware of their surroundings. Someone else being inattentive doesn't dismiss you from your responsibility. I hadn't thought about the Square with the loss of the headphone jack, that's an interesting change. Can the Square device be adapted to use the Lightning connection? Maybe Bluetooth? People on Bay Area transit use their speaker? I don't think I have seen that on a Seattle Metro bus more than a handful of times. How can listening to music for a long period of time regardless of volume be damaging to our ears? I'm not sure about you but my ears hear things continually, even when I sleep. What's different about music? Do you mean to say that listening to headphones for long periods is damaging? Do you have a source because that seems like an strange claim. As the parent said, the case is a battery/charger as well. Do you put your earphones in at home and leave them in all day and not take them out again until you get home? If so I would say you are not a typical headphone user. I recently went on a trip with several friends and we rented a new Ford Expedition. The integrated audio system in the car supported multiple Bluetooth devices with a history (including previous renters) but as far as I could tell not more than once device at a time. Every time we started the car we had to select Sources -> Bluetooth -> Connect -> ${device name} -> Sources -> Bluetooth -> ${device name}. It was a huge hassle and a 3.5mm cable would have been far easier and sounded better. Thank you. Lightening is: Noun: A drop in the level of the uterus during the last weeks of pregnancy as the head of the fetus engages in the pelvis. Verb: [1] To make or become lighter in weight, pressure or sensitivity. [2] To make or become more cheerful or less serious. [3] To make or become lighter or brighter. [4] To emit flashes of lightning; flash with lightning. (rare) None of these things is similar to charging your iPhone. Why did she think she was going to want the 7 Plus? What is it about the SE that isn't appealing? What is it that she was expecting in the 7 Plus that the 6s Plus doesn't offer? This is an honest question, I have continually upgraded my iPhones for years and this new phone doesn't speak to me either but you are on much older hardware, what about the new phones doesn't speak to you? Personally I am considering a move to the SE because the form factor of the 6/6s is still too big in my opinion and the 7 doesn't seem to offer me anything I actually need or want. Yeah that's what I really don't understand about all the focus on the waterproofing of the 3.5mm jack. The Lightning port is still there and that has to be at least as hard to waterproof as a 3.5mm jack right? Did Apple design the Lightning port to be waterproof from the outset? If so how did they do it and can they apply that to the 3.5mm port? Is a dash the same as a "+"? According to some quick googling it depends on your provider. If his provider relies on the "+" for sub-addressing what good will a dash do him? Why are you so firm on this position when it seems to be a legitimate problem for him? As a data person I would really like to put some numbers on how much the typical HR hiring process costs a business. I don't know anybody that says they are happy with how hiring works in he tech industry but I've also never seen an HR person try and improve the process. Were soldiers on trial in Nuremberg? Seems to me everyone was at least a "middle manager". The comparison is hyperbolic and I don't see the similarity here. VW is German? Is that what we're working on? Do you really think VW salespeople should go to jail for this? Should salespeople do their own emissions testing? Should they all buy multiple versions of the same car and crash it to see if it's really safe? How does that system work? VW has a clear set of emissions rules to follow because they build the cars, why should the salespeople be on the hook? This isn't Tesla, VW salespeople don't even work for VW. The security vulnerability is very real. Should this same treatment be applied to the people who write code? If a software vulnerability allows an attacker into the business should that developer be fired? What if it's a UI bug that causes the company to lose sales. Should they be on the hook? I think a more constructive reaction would be to say that phishing training is important and should be implemented or revised. In addition technical solutions should be investigated. Perhaps some of the infallible people who never fall for phishing attacks can automate part of their brilliance for the mere mortals. Maintaining the attitude that you are not susceptible to being phished is a great way to get phished. Can you provide this data to enlighten the rest of us? Is that dumb though? It's a video site, I go there to watch videos. When the local TV broadcaster wants to make an announcement they do it with video, not a text. I do see your point, there are some video-centric features YouTube could add but I'm skeptical that's all this will be. That's not really how juries work in reality, that's how juries work on Reddit. It's an interesting idea though, it's far too easy to issue a fraudulent DMCA takedown and there are no repercussions as far as I know. Not sure why the downvote, do we not ask for evidence anymore? This hypothetical comes up seemingly every time autonomous vehicles are mentioned. Theft is already illegal, we have a framework in place to deter theft by prosecuting it when it does happen and then punishing those guilty. All the truck needs to do is take a picture of the criminals and phone home, something it almost certainly can do already. Theft is already a problem for everyone, like any behavior we attempt to control it using incentives. I don't see how a vehicle that knows exactly where it is, doesn't get tired, can look in multiple directions at once and doesn't forget details under stress or fatigue is somehow a more appealing target than an underpaid employee doing a demanding job. Drivers themselves already steal their own cargo: http://www.kxxv.com/story/19242235/trucker-steals-own-cargo-... . http://www.ocala.com/news/20090205/trucker-accused-of-steali... http://www.nwitimes.com/uncategorized/police-say-trucker-hir... The argument can be made that shrinkage will actually decrease with the advent of automated delivery vehicles just because it's so easy to collect evidence and there's less opportunity for internal theft. Drivers also get robbed of corse. In the automated delivery world we will have less crime against individuals and a equal or better chance of catching those who do steal from the trucks. This is not my area of expertise but is burning something the same as letting it decompose naturally? Seems like burning could release different emissions than just the natural decomposition. How is it processed into a burnable form using 0 (renewable? clean?) energy? For a company that contracts out their hardware working with their vendors is more admirable to me than having their datacenters run on clean energy. Hopefully Apple and Foxconn can deliver on this. I'm a supporter of basic income as an experiment but it is interesting to think about alternatives. Is basic income simply a stepping stone to some kind of Star Trek post-scarcity utopia where there is no concept of money or wealth at all? We survived the industrial revolution, is it not just human nature to adapt? One example I recently discussed with friends was the idea that most truck drivers may soon be out of jobs due to automation. Since this is a highly specialized skill it would be hard for those workers to find alternative work without learning an entirely new skill set. But would it be feasible for those drivers to simply buy self driving trucks much like they already buy their conventional trucks and simply enjoy their lives while the truck drives itself? So even if self-driving trucks show up tomorrow is it necessary to pay truck drivers just to live? Can we offer an incentive like retraining to those drivers? Is basic income actually the solution or do we need to take a harder look at things like the income gap and a tax structure that strongly favors investment in creating actual value (goods and services) instead of wealth for the sake of wealth (investments). I live in Seattle and while I am aware that not everyone lives in a similar environment the concept of a minimum 5 acre lot staggers me. I consider myself lucky to have 600 square feet . What kind of area has these rules and who sets them? To me a lot with 5 acres is officially "the country" where I would expect very little to zero regulation of what you can build. Say's law was the most counterintuitive concept I was exposed to in undergrad econ classes. After consideration it does make sense but runs counter to an entrepreneurial view of the world where products are created to serve a need. Trump was not a labor candidate and if there had been one in the race I think that candidate would have performed very well vs Clinton. Trump's strategy was successful mostly because he was allowed to continue unchallenged. edit: To clarify I meant that if there were a pro-labor candidate in the general election Trumps populist message would have been less effective. I completely disagree with your premise. Can you cite any evidence of the claim that parents are "healthier, smarter and wealthier" than people who will not have children? In my experience the decision to have children is often not even a decision at all and is just something that happens. The question is also not "whether things have gotten harder for the average person". The article clearly states: "Economists and sociologists from Stanford, Harvard and the University of California set out to measure the strength of what they define as the American Dream[1], and found the dream was fading. They identified the income of 30-year-olds starting in 1970, using tax and census data, and compared it with the earnings of their parents when they were about the same age." The question is the viability of an American dream based on opportunity for children exceeding that of their parents. From the article: “My parents thought that one thing about America is that their kids could do better than they were able to do,” said Raj Chetty, a prominent Stanford University economist who emigrated from India at age 9 and is part of the research team. “That was important in my parents’ decision to come here.” [1]: http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/ Bernie didn't make it to the general election so he never ran against Trump. Trump won the election by getting votes that mattered. We use an electoral system, not a popular vote. If the popular vote mattered both candidates would have run different campaigns so voter behavior would have also changed. It's possible that Trump would have still won the election if the popular vote were the deciding factor. Many truck drivers own their own trucks and contract for the carriers so those are the ones that could buy self-driving trucks. Regarding pricing I'm not so sure. If you run a trucking company and contract out driving to individual drivers that own their own vehicles you are paying for the service to get the cargo to its destination, you aren't paying for a person as much as a service. I do agree though that in this situation truck owners would make less money but they would also have more opportunity to do something like purchase additional trucks or do other work such as last-mile driving to supplement the loss in long-haul income. "The first time I saw a jet I shot it down" I don't think oracle can do this exactly but the query planner does understand time based partitions so if you do something like: SELECT * FROM partitioned_table WHERE partition_date_key > SYSDATE - 1; The query planner will only use the most recent partition. Combine this with Oracle's ability to merge partitions and you get "daily" partitions that become "weekly" partitions when the new week starts. Alternately you could wait a month and combine all the days of last month into a single partition and then even combine months into years. The partition intervals are based on specific dates/times, not on the relative time from query execution. Oracle also supports row movement which is the biggest missing feature here I believe. So the opportunity for the current owner/operators is to pool their resources and become the specialized self-driving truck agency. It sounds like a business to me. Unions pool labor for negotiating power, they don't pool financial resources to create value. Labor unions are alive and well in the United States. What's your implication? Don't beat around the bush. Can you explain those numbers? 7-12% of what? Are you suggesting that rate limiting reduces call volumes by a little more than half compared to lockouts? Where did you get the data? > Unless otherwise specified in the description of a given authenticator, the verifier SHALL effectively limit online attackers to 100 consecutive failed attempts on a single I think that can be read two ways. 1) 100 failed attempts/account/month 2) 100 failed attempts/IP/account/month The latter still limits an attacker but is less likely to be a plausible DoS against the account unless the attacker has compromised the legitimate user's machine at which point all is lost anyway. Later in the same section: > When the subscriber successfully authenticates, the verifier SHOULD disregard any previous failed attempts from the same IP address. Which suggests the failure count is per IP and not per account. There is no password policy that protects against rubber hose cryptanalysis. They're way ahead of you: http://www.seattletimes.com/business/boeing-aerospace/amazon... At its core Amazon has always been a logistics company. They already put warehouses close to airports so it's not much of a stretch to take over the air freight. Last mile is another issue, UPS, USPS, FedEx and the rest will continue doing that for a long time. Have you ever done business with Amazon? You do realize the food delivery isn't being done from a warehouse with pizzas on the shelf right? Your assumption runs contrary to the core idea of Amazon. Customer experience is the absolute most important thing. That's literally the mission statement of the company. This happens to me at least once a year but I still consider it a huge inconvenience. Two days is an eternity, especially to be without my primary card. I don't wait that long for socks from Amazon. One day is generally my expectation at this point and for a lot of things it's same day. I'd really like to see banks/card companies step up their game in getting new cards out to people. Off the top of my head I can think of a couple: 1) OSX was a viable operating system that was first class in the Apple ecosystem. 2) Laptops and desktops that were actually better than the competition including models geared toward power users. OSX/MacOS is still viable but it doesn't receive the attention it once did. It feels second-rate compared to the mobile OS. I get the feeling one day Apple is going to release the new MacBook and it will just be an iPad with a keyboard. They could at least be good citizens and use their success to beef up the NTP pool. Yes, I believe they can. I haven't had my iPhone (6S) crash more than 5 times that I can recall in the 14 months I have had it. Every time it has rebooted I have been in a third party app. The phone begins acting strange, gestures may stop for a few moments then it goes black and the Apple logo shows up on the screen as it reboots. Two of them have been in the last month or so. Unfortunately the phone doesn't just reboot. It shuts down completely and refuses to boot back up with a low battery warning. I believe this is actually hardware related but I have had it crash when trying to call an Uber. I think Facebook may have caused a crash too. Uber was especially painful because hailing taxis in my city (Seattle) is essentially impossible and pay phones are not a thing that exist in 2016. Luckily I was near a bus stop and know how the lines work without my phone. It was a shocking illustration of how dependent I have become on my smartphone. Great question. I know very little to nothing about Arabic but I would love a more detailed explanation than "It's an Arabic thing, you wouldn't understand". I went to school in Idaho and paid in-state tuition at a state school so my education was not excessively expensive. I worked part time during the school year and full time in the summers. I still graduated with 25k in student loan debt. I don't think what you are suggesting is possible for everyone. I spent my first couple years trying to go the no-debt route but quickly realized it would take me 8+ years to graduate. To answer your question in one word, "yes". Counting hours studied is a lot like counting lines of code IMO. I'd personally rather live in a world where people are free to seek any fulfilling end, whatever that is. Painting liberal arts majors as lazy alcoholics isn't constructive to anyone. The world wouldn't be a very interesting place if we were all engineers. So the only value of education is to increase the bottom line of the capitalists? The meaning of life is to maximize my contribution to some CEO's yacht? Our declaration of independence states a desire for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness . It doesn't say anything about maximizing human capital. Where I went to school my student fees went straight to the state board of education. This money was then used to pay for all schools across the state including grade schools, middle schools and high schools. The university received a portion of the fees I paid but ended up losing a few hundred dollars a year per undergrad. The difference was made up by grants, land and inventions created by the university, most of which existed only because of grad students. Effectively the people of the state were unwilling to pay for their children and the future of their state and they made the university students pick up the difference. Add to that the fact that many degrees are unemployable because the economy is/was in shambles and you end up with students paying tax multiple times on their education. I lived with my parents for a couple years and then spent some time in the dorms before getting an apartment for a few hundred dollars a month. Living closer to campus was worth every penny but it also meant I couldn't finish school without debt. Wouldn't people just wait until they need an organ to join the list? How does punishing a subset of needy organ recipients increase the actual number of available organs? I think I understand your argument from the legal perspective but what about from a public records perspective? It still feels like the precedents that have been established inside the US legal system should be publicly available without restrictions. Sure, other restricted sources may end up incorporated but restricting acccess to actual US legal decisions feels like it only benefits those few with the access for commercial gain. Any historically accepted source should still be available for establishing precident but that doesn't mean our legal system should conceal the decisions it has made. If nothing else access to these decisions could be a great area of study for language processing. Based on what you have said here I feel like technology such as iPhones and IoT networks is not what these people need. Would it help to provide some kind of farming manual with instructions on how to build and maintain farm equipment, how to create a co-op to sell locally, etc? Has it been done? What about providing a printing press to publish pricing data on a daily/weekly basis to try and make that information available to more people? These seem like problems that must have existed in the US in the last 100-150 years, what did we do? But that means not attending some events. Yes and then they will make the battery thinner than the CPU cooler and instead of solving that one foot will sit slightly lower than the other three and the whole laptop will wobble on a desk. The iPhone6(s)/7 camera lens is such shockingly bad design I still can't understand how Apple justified it to themselves. I believe Apple is already making the argument but how much battery life do you really need? 8 hours seems like an easy figure to throw out because its a "work day" although most people can just plug in their laptops. What use case needs 12+? That seems "good enough" to me for most applications. Is it building in more life so that as the battery degrades there is still acceptable battery life? Are there more applications than I think where the laptop is actually not plugged in all day? When does that happen? Manufacturing? Some kind of in-the-field work? I have no experience with it so honestly curious how people use laptops as more than a mobile terminal in an office setting. Why is it hard to sell people vegetables? I agree with you but I don't actually know why. Is it just because there's no industry group running a "got carrots" campaign? I have done that tour and one of my favorite parts was the view from the balcony of a three story office building inside . I can't think of a single modern UI that I like. The network is always compromised. SF is not the center of the US. It's just a city in California. I don't speak German, can you provide a link to the paragraph and/or a translation? The logarithmic response to light is the first non-emotional benefit to film photography I have seen in these discussions. Thanks for pointing that out. There's nothing wrong with emotional benefits or discussing them, this is just notable as an objective difference in the mediums. I have participated in several hackdays and we were encouraged to work on something relevant to the business. I thought that smelled bad so I always made a deliberate effort to do something as opposite of the day to day as possible and I encourage anyone participating in an employer-sponsored hackday to do the same. Generally I tried to do something with hardware and the experience was always extremely gratifying. I built great relationships with coworkers through those projects. Did I miss a sarcasm tag or are you serious? I honestly can't tell. Our ability to create, record and maintain data is increasing exponentially. Someone in Indonesia was able to get a message 35,000 years into the future using a cave and come paint. We have only gotten better at preserving data since then. I think it's safe to assume that at least some of the information we record will survive as long as there is someone around to care. I don't think that two works of fiction from the last century are reliable indicators of the longevity of our species. I look more to the historical evidence we have of the resilience of humans. I don't know if we will be around for millions of years but I don't think we have reached midlife. Interesting take that I had not considered. I was not familiar with the story from Mark. I have thought about this topic as well but from a completely different direction. My question about uploading consciousness is in the transition point. As I sit here in front of my computer could I click a button and upload my memories and consciousness to a computer? Would they for some reason leave my body at the same time? Would it be instantly fatal? Why? Wouldn't I really just be forking my consciousness? One version of me would continue forward inside a computer with the memory of the transition and the corporeal me would continue wondering if it even worked. The corporeal me would still die at some point but I could die with the satisfaction(?) that I created a copy of myself at some point in time. I'm not sure that's much different than writing a book and having children. I am sure and I do not. There are four kinds of lies: lies, damn lies, statistics and big data. If we really care about net neutrality is it viable to create our own ISPs? Are net neutrality rules different between the backbone networks? I'll bite, which ride sharing program isn't running on investment capital and is actually supporting itself? They all look like Ponzi schemes at the moment. Ah, yeah, I see that now. Ostensibly "ride sharing" is different than a taxi service. That's the argument Uber uses to avoid taxi regulations. It's a tragedy because of how little we did with the accomplishment. Putting men on the moon could have ushered in a new age of exploration and we could be much farther along the path to being multi-planetary than we are today. It's tragic because it means our future is less bright. "The problem with defending the purity of the English language is that English is about as pure as a cribhouse whore. We don’t just borrow words; on occasion, English has pursued other languages down alleyways to beat them unconscious and rifle their pockets for new vocabulary." --James D. Nicoll So I guess nobody actually deserves a Medal of Honor then? Why not both? For the money we waste destabilizing the middle east we could build a small city on the moon and still have money left over. I didn't realize the Apollo program covered the entire Moon and that we now know everything about it. /s Th tragedy is that we didn't continue the expansion of our species off a single planet. Yes, we learned a lot from the Apollo program and later space programs but without more projects like Apollo we won't continue doing so. I disagree. Putting men back on the moon would require developing technology we don't currently possess and it would serve as a stepping stone to further exploration. Yes, we accomplished a ton due to the space race, so why would we not continue doing that? That's a ridiculous attitude. You could use the same logic to say we should ignore our problems with income inequality until we solve global warming, or vice versa. It turns out there are billions of people on earth with a wide variety of skills and we can do a lot in parallel. At its peak NASA used 4.41% of the federal budget. In 2014 it was 0.5%. We can afford to do more and as we know from experience the payoff is worth the expense. You're right, why should we build a city in Illinois when one already exists in New York. You're making a huge mistake if you think we have to pick between solving social issues and colonizing other planets. Spacex is doing what NASA should have done in the 80s. That's the tragedy. In many rural settings there is no dedicated fire department and it all operates on a volunteer basis. Around harvest time it was expected that the neighbors would have their tractors standing by hooked up with discs to till the crops and build fire lines. Dedicated fire fighters aren't the only people who can put out fires. Is Blue Origin trying to reach the Moon? I'm not aware of a project from Spacex or Blue Origin to do so. Spacex has their sights on Mars and Blue Origin seems to be about space tourism (orbit maybe). I admit to not being aware of the long term goals of Blue Origin though so maybe I missed something. A clarification question is not asking the same question twice. The point seems to be that you should pay attention. Everywhere I have worked took the shared responsibility approach, I think that's the status quo but there are obviously exceptions. One day at $megacorp a bug caused a production outage and a project manager sent an email to the team calling out the engineer who committed the change and asking us all to be more careful in the future. That manager was immediately reprimanded both in the email chain and in private. I find the culture of shared responsibility to be one of the best qualities of our industry, even if it isn't universal. I have never done what the GP describes but I consider myself very lucky as it's a very common mistake. I have heard enough horror stories to always keep that concern in the back of my mind. I do what your coworker did and it's a great feeling when you get the "451789356 rows updated" message inside a transaction where you are trying to change Stacy's last name after her wedding and all you have to do is run a ROLLBACK. Then it's time to go get a coffee and thank your deity of choice. I'm not sure where you get the suggestion that there is no speed limit in the passing lane. We drive on the right so the safest place to pass is on the left where the driver is. If everyone stays right as much as possible and faster traffic (this does not imply speeding) can move left to pass then traffic flows smoothly. Where are you getting the impression that speeding is allowed anywhere? > If the law requires a driver travelling at the legal speed limit to stay out of the "passing lane" so that other drivers can pass, this would imply that the law condones speeding, since only a driver moving faster than the legal speed limit can make use of that lane. That's not how it works. The law is "stay right except to pass". This is true regardless of speed. Speeding is still illegal in any lane. The "stay right" rule is about not obstructing the flow of traffic, it has nothing to do with the posted speed limit. e: To clarify many people drive below the speed limit, in this case it is possible to pass them in a lane to the left without exceeding the speed limit. I disagree that the Indiana law implies a right to speed, it just says that traffic should not be impeded. If you are going 65mph in a 65mph zone on a two lane road and someone comes up behind you at 80mph and you move over to pass as required by that law it's still entirely possible that they will be pulled over after they pass you. The law is about reducing the hazards on the road. Impeding traffic flow is extremely dangerous, more so than most people seem to realize [2]. These laws also apply in cases where the passed vehicle is traveling below the speed limit. The "stay right" rule is about not obstructing traffic because doing so is very dangerous. If that traffic is speeding then yes, they are also technically in the wrong but it is important to also stay right and not create an even more hazardous situation. This also means the "cruise control pass" where one car slowly overtakes another is also illegal if it is delaying anyone else from passing. Washington State has a similar law [1] as does Idaho I believe. [1]: http://app.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=46.61.427 [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oqfodY2Lz0 > It's all more like "keep left except to pass slower traffic". It's pretty clear. Forgive me if you are in a left driving country but since this is a conversation about US State traffic laws I think you meant keep right except to pass. I really believe we should have mandatory driver testing on a regular basis. Say every 5 years for a skill test and a written test every year. Written test could be through the mail and it could be funded by increased penalties on speeding and impeding traffic flow. I got my drivers license in Idaho then moved to Seattle years later. Washington took one look at my Idaho license and handed me a Washington license. There were no questions asked about traffic laws or anything. This city has grown substantially in the last 10 years and it's starting to show in the traffic. We have big backups but we aren't at capacity, drivers are just very inefficient in their habits. Last year there was a push from the DOT to encourage zipper merging to more efficiently use our roads. I try to follow that advice but drivers aggressively prevent the merge at the merge point, probably because it seems to them like I am "cutting" in line. I think we could make big improvements just with some education. Self-driving cars will help but making people better (even a little bit) will help. And if human drivers follow the rules more reliably that has to make the self-driving car's job easier during the long transition from all human to all AI controlled. Impeding the flow of traffic is dangerous regardless of the presence of speeders, it is also against the rules. If you aren't following the "stay right" rule then you are as wrong as a speeder. You can't pick and choose what rules you want to obey. > At the least, I think it implies that laws are divided into (at least) two classes, laws that individuals must allow others to break, and those that they are allowed (or encouraged) to attempt enforcement. Maybe I misunderstand what you mean but I'm not aware of any situation where private citizens are encouraged to enforce the law. That's a recipe for disaster and is where road rage is born. Should I drive around and tailgate everyone in the left lane to teach them to drive on the right? What's the difference? e: The "drive right" rule is not about allowing speeders, it is about not impeding the flow of traffic. It's similar to "yield to the right", the rules of the road are designed to allow all of us to use a shared resource efficiently. I completely agree with you but I'm not sure that we should tackle this problem by targeting employers alone, I think it is a much wider reaching social problem. Discriminatory hiring practices are but one of many symptoms of the disease. State intervention depends on the cause(s). Direct intervention against the employer like this would make sense if there was deliberate discrimination in violation of the law. I agree the state should be acting at a much higher level to solve these problems. This could take the form of education incentives to get a more diverse workforce or do something about income inequality that prevents some demographics from pursuing certain career paths. I can not provide parallel examples but I disagree with your premise that you are obligated to stay right to enable others to break the law . Even if you are the only car on the road you still must drive in the right lane unless passing. The law says to stay right regardless of speed so there is no corner case based on traffic moving at the legal speed limit. Your obligation to stay right exists at all speeds. The purpose of the law is to improve safety by enabling smooth traffic flow and creating a predictable environment on the road. This is the parallel with "yield to the right". Communication between drivers is difficult so we have a set of rules to guide us in situations where the next action may otherwise be unclear. If two people meet in a hallway they can look at each other and say "excuse me" or "go ahead". This is not possible on the road. In the same way I can walk up behind someone on the sidewalk and say "excuse me" and walk around them. In a car this is not possible so we agree in advance (or rather, we are told by the authorities) what to do to avoid the situation and how to reconcile it. In some jurisdictions the purpose of the left lane is explicitly passing, you have no right to drive there unless you are passing someone else. In this case your obligation to stay right has nothing to do with the existence of a speeder or even your rate of speed. I am not defending speeding because it does increase risk and reduce safety on the road but it becomes much more dangerous when other drivers are also not following the rules. Breaking the speed limit while someone else violates the lane occupancy laws creates a compounding risk for everyone on the road. This is why we have rules against both. I would turn your request for parallel examples around and ask you for examples of a situation where it is ok to break the law to prevent someone else from doing the same. How do you justify such an action and is there a calculation as to how far to go? Is it ok to jaywalk to stop a robbery? Is it ok to murder someone to prevent jaywalking? When is vigilantism justified? I don't doubt your friends perception but as a white male if someone said "a person like you" to me in reference to an offer I would think they were referencing my education or work experience, not my gender or race. That may be privilege talking, I honestly don't know. Maybe I'm just naive. For a short(?) but wonderful period of time it was possible to blacklist sites from your Google search results. As I recall Google moved this functionality into the Chrome browser several years ago. When it was still available as an account setting I used it to filter out the awful "resources" like expertsexchange and that one Oracle consultant site with the hilarious pictures. When I see Quora results I long for that feature to be returned. I'm not sure I understand, they proxy the reviews? How do you see car makers differentiating their products in a world where all the parts including the frame are commoditized and the software is open source? Also, GM built an electric car back in the 90s called the EV-1. I wonder how much innovation was in that car vs the Volt. To answer the question in two words: absolutely not. I think this kind of segregation is harmful to the development of all students, including the gifted students. Gifted students can help raise up their less gifted classmates. If these gifted students are to be the next generation of leaders this is an invaluable skill. Nobody exists in a vacuum and putting students in an echo chamber during their formative years seems irresponsible. A diverse viewpoint and understanding of people different than you is crucial to a healthy society. If we learn early on that we are better or worse than others because of an arbitrary metric that will be carried forward for the rest of our lives. Would those that support segregated schools based on academic performance also support schools segregated based on athletic performance? I agree that gifted students have needs and those should be addressed but I don't think a separate school is the solution. Even AP classes feel like a problem to me because the most gifted students are not available to help those that struggle. Standardized testing hurts all students, not just gifted ones. We need to take a serious look at how education works in general so we can challenge all students to achieve their best. I don't think this can be done with echo chambers that create an increasing gap in academic performance and student development. I don't mean to imply that gifted students should be used as teacher aids but I think they have a different role to play in helping their fellow students. The teacher's job is still to teach but having peers to turn to is a valuable resource and skill that everyone should learn. By removing the best resource for that cooperation we do everyone a disservice. Sure, I'm not advocating for the status quo here. I just don't think segregation is the solution. All students struggle in our current education system so I think we need to solve that problem at the root rather than focus on just one symptom of a broken system. Gifted students should get what they need just like everyone else. I don't think a segregated system is good for anyone and the vacuum chamber you mention after high school is a problem in my opinion. We should all learn to seek diverse viewpoints for our entire lives. I think we agree on the problems but disagree on the solutions. All students need their needs addressed, not just gifted ones. Every single student is different so having schools that cater to one skill set does a disservice to all students. We need to focus on using the right techniques for all students, not just the gifted ones. I think it is a mistake to assume that students with a lower level of academic achievement have nothing to offer students with a higher level of the same. Please do not misunderstand, I do not think the current system is working, I just don't think segregation is the solution. What proposal are you referring to? I'm not advocating for treating gifted students as teaching aids. I am advocating for an educational environment that serves the interests of all students. I'm honestly not even sure what such a system would look like so I think you are jumping to conclusions. I just don't think segregated schools are the solution. I think we need to rethink the entire system. Every student learns differently and at a different pace so forcing everyone into the exact same experience isn't going to work. Maybe there is a case for more advanced opportunities based on academic (or athletic, or any other criteria) achievement. I don't think that requires an entirely separate school. A combination of classes shared regardless of academic performance along with opportunities for students to be challenged up to their level would be a good start. In my day to day career and personal life I am not intellectually challenged at all times, I think it's valuable if school emulates this experience. I think it's important that students don't get placed in echo chambers where they begin to think that everyone thinks or performs like they do. Like I said, I don't know how it would work but I don't think segregated schools are the solution, that's a step too far that eliminates opportunities for students of differing academic achievement to find common ground and teach each other something. All students should be challenged up to their potential, having two options isn't fine grained enough. What do you do about the kids that are bored even in the "gifted" programs? Yes I think it is important that students are exposed to differing viewpoints and levels of achievement on a regular basis. I also believe all students should be challenged up to their potential. Removing the opportunity for the gifted students to learn how to cooperate with their less gifted peers does everyone a disservice, especially when as the future leaders those gifted students will have to know how to work with (and elevate) everyone, regardless of academic achievement. With this in mind segregated schools do a disservice to everyone involved. I am not advocating a system where everyone is stuck in an introductory level class forever but I also don't think the opposite extreme is the solution. It could take the form of encouraging gifted students to become tutors or changing curriculum requirements so that gifted students can progress ahead of their peers but without leaving the same classroom. I don't have the answers but I don't think segregation is the solution. Twitter has no obligation to show anything anyone enters into their platform. They own it, they can do what they want with it. The government is subject to the rule of law and these NSLs can easily run afoul of the laws put in place to protect us from our government. Wow! Do you have a source? I'd love to know more about that. When you say protection do you mean from radiation or do you mean to trap an earth-like atmosphere in the rock? A franchised BMW dealership tried to charge me $15,000.00 for a new engine. It turns out the problem was two spark plus that they installed improperly. Their diagnosis turned out to be entirely manufactured. The idea that franchised dealerships somehow improve customer service is laughable. Based on my experience with BMW franchised dealerships your engine replacement may not have been necessary. They told me I needed the same and it turned out the problem was two spark plugs they didn't install properly. Part of that ordeal involved unnecessarily replacing fuel injectors under a BMW extended warranty after an incorrect diagnosis of the misfire. My car is out of the factory warranty now but I purchased a third party warranty that allows me to go to independent mechanics. My local dealership has a 100% failure rate with my car. Every service action they took has resulted in an egregious misdiagnosis or future failure of a part due to improper service. I'm not sure if I will ever buy a new BMW unless I can be reimbursed for the factory warranty that I will never use. The single most dangerous place to take your BMW is a BMW service location. BMW most certainly does not "have their shit figured out". I was quoted 15,000.00 for a new engine which turned out to be completely unnecessary. An independent shop replaced two spark plugs for $40.00 and fixed the misfire that a BMW dealer told me was caused by a bent intake valve. BMW NA told me that there was nothing they could do and that they "stand behind their dealers". All manufacturers leave a lot to be desired on the customer service front. Completely agreed. I'm not sure what the solution is. I like the idea of Tesla owning their own service because they can more directly control the quality but that only works if they actually want to provide good service. Yes this is great advice, I have since found an independent shop that I trust. They are actually the place I went for a second opinion on the engine replacement. I also found a third-party warranty company that does not require service at the dealership. I am disappointed in Toyota's current offerings. Take a look at what is on the lot today and what was on the lot in 1997. 20 years ago you could pick up a world-class Supra or a proper Land Cruiser or a Tacoma or a Camry or Corolla that could practically be the last commuter car you ever need. All of them stubbornly reliable. many of the cars Toyota had on the lot in 1997 still sell for close to their retail price! Today what do you get? I guess the Camry and Corolla are still good cars but I'm not convinced the reliability is still there. The Prius is "innovative" in some sense but it isn't the kind of vehicle the Supra and Land Cruiser were. There doesn't seem to be anything interesting or exciting on the lot from Toyota anymore. I took mine in for an oil change and they also removed that drain plug panel. In addition they broke the plastic cover for the cabin air filter by over-tightening the bolt that holds it on. It's a staggering level of incompetence. I changed the oil myself the next time and they had the filter cover torqued down so tight I had to make a wrench out of an old timing belt to get enough leverage to remove it. The cap has a torque spec printed right on it that is much lower than whatever the dealer tightened it to. The amazing thing isn't just the degree to which they make mistakes it's the frequency. More often than not they are doing the job wrong. This is exactly what I do, down to the oil. BMW made it really easy with the access flap for the drain plug and there are convenient jacking points on the subframe. The service calls for more than just changing oil but I'm not confident that the dealer even does all the "extra" things they claim. My car is due for a brake fluid flush soon, not sure if I will do that myself or have the mechanic do it. It's a Subaru Impreza with a different body. It's a nice car but it isn't a Toyota. They also tried to market it in the US as a Scion until that experiment also failed. It's very common at all dealerships. My dad worked at a Toyota dealership for 20+ years. He still takes his cars there for service. They frequently overfill them with oil because they don't take the time to let the crankcase drain fully. I worked for a guy who took his vehicles in to the same dealer for service and the Toyota shop forgot to put his drain plug back in then drove his truck around the lot and told him it was good to go. Luckily he did his own inspection because the crankcase was completely empty. I was in the waiting room of another Toyota dealership and the service writer told a woman that her scheduled service would cost $500.00 because her drain plug was stripped out and she needed a new oil pan. She insisted that the car had always been serviced at that Toyota dealer and they told her they could not verify that and the part is not covered under warranty because it is a "wear part". The incentive structure at a dealer service department is the exact opposite of favorable to the customer. Dealers are incentivized to perform the maximum number of warranty services so as long as they don't run afoul of the manufacturers expectation of warranty costs they are rewarded for excessive repairs. The excessive repairs are passed on to new customers in the form of less standard equipment and increased sticker prices so as long as sales are at an acceptable level manufacturers have no incentive to call the dealers on it. When out of warranty cars come in the customer is treated as a blank check to be bled dry because most people won't question the repairs if the price seems reasonable. e: I forgot about the time that same Toyota dealer that left out the drain plug over-torqued my lug nuts so severely that they warped the brake rotors. I noticed the pulsing in the brakes and pulled the wheels off to replace the rotors and the studs snapped off with my hand wrench! They were so tight that the threads were visibly stretched. Oh and when I worked there as a lot attendant in high school a tech replaced a radiator but didn't reattach the fan shroud so when I started the vehicle the whole fan/shroud assembly exploded and destroyed the radiator. Yeah they make good commuter cars like your Yaris and the new Corollas have a lot of great features but take a look at what Toyota was building back in the 90s before they wanted to become the biggest in the world. They had a much more diverse offering with at least a few exciting if low volume cars. When my car was in being diagnosed they put 40(!) miles on it then told me that it was impossible that they did any engine damage, even though they cleaned the intake ports which involves removing the intake manifold and media blasting the parts they claim were damaged and would cost $15,000.00 to fix. They also claimed it was impossible that they caused the wheel damage that wasn't there when I dropped the car off "because there are no curbs here". Right, because car dealerships are always built in perfectly smooth fields and you put 40 miles on it using a treadmill. /s They also told me that if I brought the loaner car back with less than a full tank they would charge me $5.00/gallon(!!) to top it off. They put 40 miles on my car and didn't reimburse me. Franchised dealer service departments really are the worst. I am very impressed with the engineering and build quality of my BMW but the service is so bad the rest doesn't really matter. I hope Tesla is able to improve the level of service and forces others to do the same. The Tacoma is still available and still excellent but the Tacomas they built in the mid 90s are still in very high demand. My point in bringing them up is that they had a full lineup of truly excellent vehicles. The new ones are great pickups but they are expensive and like everything else awfully bloated. In the 90s you could get an all wheel drive turbocharged Celica or a twin turbocharged Supra or the lightweight MR2 which was also available with a turbo. All of those cars were still as reliable as you would expect from Toyota but weren't simple appliances to get from A to B. In the years since then Toyota has completely forgotten how to build an interesting car and has lost sight of what "car people" find appealing about cars. Toyotas aren't bad at all, the company just forgot about a bunch of the really cool stuff they used to do and I am disappointed about that because I think they could still do a lot of it. If Dodge can build the Hellcat and Chevy can build the ZR-1 why can't Toyota build a proper Supra? I guess Lexus had the house-on-wheels LF-A but that's not going to fill the gap left by the Celica, Supra and MR2. Les Schwab has provided consistently excellent service to me over the years. I can't speak for other tire places but of the four Les Schwabs I have done business with I have never had a single problem. From my personal experience dealers are much worse than tire shops but I'm not going to claim that's true in general. The non-Subaru concept was the FT-HS which never made it into production. The Toyota 86 uses an Impreza chassis and engine. Mechanically it's a Subaru. AFAIK the Toyota/Scion versions may have a slightly different engine but it's still a Subaru boxer. Right but SQS is a pull model so it doesn't generate events. You can use SNS events to trigger a Lambda and tell it that something was added to an SQS queue or S3 or Dynamo or whatever. Hah, never really thought of it that way. That doesn't seem quite right though, do you mean a doctor should be paid for you not needing to be seen ? That's exactly right. I don't know what metrics are used inside the dealership but I suspect they encourage this type of behavior, perhaps unintentionally. Say you have two service writers. One is highly competent, motivated and puts the customer's interests first, they try to properly diagnose the problem and fix it the first time. They will also strive to learn from any mistakes so they are not repeated. The other doesn't really care and just does the easy thing. Throw parts at the problem and if you can get the manufacturer or the customer to pick up the tab then all the better. When it comes time for promotions what gets considered? Is it minimal repairs, customer satisfaction or is it dollars in the register? It could be some combination of all of course but I think at the end of the day it is dollars as long as the customers in general have a perception they are being cared for. If that means telling them a repair will be free from BMW that's probably even better than not having a problem at all. A customer may think "Wow the dealer really helped me out of a jam there!" even though the problem never existed. Over time this means that the thoughtful and customer-focused service writers get pushed out of dealership service departments for a lack of performance. In fact the service writer at my independent shop used to work at the dealer and left. Totally agreed. The Tacoma is bloated and expensive relative to its older siblings but not it's current day competition. More of a commment on all vehicles getting bigger and having more buttons added over the years. Time will tell but I don't think a 2017 Tacoma will hold up as well after 20 years as a 1997 Tacoma. That's not necessarily a bad thing either I just distrust all the gadgets from a long-term reliability standpoint. In a past life in spent a couple years in an auto tech program and was an equipment mechanic in college to pay for books (beer) so I am familiar with the process of bleeding my brakes. You are right to be concerned about moisture, that's actually why they need bled. BMW suggests bleeding them roughly every other oil change because no system is perfectly water/moisture tight. The nice thing about having my mechanic do it is they already have a place to do it and they deal with the waste fluid plus they also inspect the rest of the car and have a lot more experience with what to look for than I do. Preventative maintenance is a big deal on these cars so having an experienced mechanic look at it regularly puts my mind at ease. I just recently started renting a friend's garage so I could rebuild my motorcycle so now that I have my tools and a space to do work I am much more likely to do this kind of thing myself. While that works it's a good idea to always bleed the excess fluid out because it doesn't last forever. Brake fluid is lighter than water so any moisture will make its way to your calipers then start rusting them from the inside. That's why manufacturers suggest flushing the system regularly. Brake fluid is pretty cheap relative to calipers so you may as well just bleed it out. This is a really good practice but not everyone has the experience tools, time and space to do this. Not to toot my own horn (hah) but I am capable of performing any repair that has come up for my car but I still pay a mechanic most of the time because after moving to a city I don't have the space for my tools or a place to work on the car. It's unfortunate that the shop that carries the manufacturers name is not a trustworthy place to have the work done, even with their exorbitant premium on labor. A friend of mine actually made a pressure bleeder out of an old weed sprayer. I really like the idea of using that because it's easier to maintain the balance in he system and fully flush the old fluid. He stores his with brake fluid in it which seems to me to defeat the purpose of bleeding brakes because the weed sprayer isn't going to be any more resistant to moisture than the brake system in the car. I'll probably have him help me build my own and then use that. There is also a tool library around here that may have an actual pressure bleeder I can rent. This is right, it is quite easy if you know the procedure. However, no brake system is perfectly water right because it has moving parts. Flushing the system periodically removes this moisture before it can accumulate to a level that will cause significant corrosion of the internal brake parts. Not sure what you mean by cross pattern but most cars have their braking system split up into two systems that are diagonally opposite. This way a failure in one only results in a loss of 50% of braking instead of up to 80% if the front fails. The cross bleeding is done to maintain the balance in the system and prevent the sensors from improperly detecting a failure in the brake system. Exactly! In a past life I had purchased a 1973 S30 with the intention of swapping in an LS-1 from an old Camaro, GTO or Corvette. I quickly changed my mind on that and decided on an RB26DETT because it's still a Nissan motor and the price isn't much different. Life happened and that project had to be abandoned but I would really like to give it a go one of these days. At this point I think the SR20DET is the ideal motor for an S30. The RB26 still has a very strong appeal however... e: If you have not already seen them you may find Doug DeMuro's Skyline exploits entertaining: https://youtu.be/5eFA3cwfR3E Non-molested versions still sell for close to or even over(!) original retail price. The 2JZ-GTE is a marvel of an engine. It's got a turbocharged turbocharger! How cool is that!? While I value my second amendment rights I will not allow that to prevent me from supporting the ACLU. I also can't stomach supporting the NRA. It's a challenging position to be in because I do care about my rights but I'm not sure where to turn to support my second amendment rights specifically. Could a cooperative effort to create a plausible body of work help in these situations? A journalist could keep a plausible number of canned stories on their machine and when the duress code is triggered everyone stops using them and more are written to take their place. What level of quality in the writing is needed? Can some kind of news aggregating algorithm generate plausible stories? Some kind of propaganda bot that writes stories that are favorable to the regime for the purpose of creating a plausible cover? Do I need to go get more coffee and watch fewer spy movies? This is the problem for me. I want an organization that will fight for my second amendment rights but that also isn't advancing a secondary agenda that I disagree with. I don't think my city's tax on gun and ammo sales is an effective or constitutional measure and I want to support organizations that will fight that type of measure. I did not support Obama's "common sense" ban on gun sales to people on the no-fly list because I don't believe the no-fly list itself is constitutional. I do want to take steps to reduce gun violence in America but my current choices on the political front are either ineffective and/or unconstitutional laws from the left or a complete unwillingness to even try from the right. I do not support Jeff Sessions for Attorney General because I think the entire bill of rights is valuable and applies to everyone and I don't think he will uphold it effectively.