I can think of three reasons universities would do this. First: Universities do not generally take pride in having a commercial "business model" approach. They almost all say education, rather than profit, is their aim. They say they don't charge $x because they want to extract the maximum rent from the market, they charge $x because that's what it costs to provide the course. What better way to prove this commitment to education than to charge much less for a course that costs much less to run? Second: Sony chariman Akito Morito reportedly once said "My job is to make our products obsolete before our competitors do." If online learning is the next big thing, you want to be at the cutting edge of it. You don't want to end up a local bookstore in the age of Amazon, you want to be Amazon. Third: 120,000 people signed up for the first MITx course (only 7,000 people went on to get a passing grade) and the system handled them OK. You can accept much less profit per student when you've got a thousand times as many students. Of course, there are more experiments needed to determine whether they can provide useful credentials people will get their wallets out to pay for - but people are used to paying a lot for university courses. If they made just $10 to $100 per student per course they could be looking at some serious money. Yes, I absolutely expect there will be test centres where students pay to sit the exam in exam conditions. There's no other way to produce credible results. But the test centre would only need to be a tarted up cybercafe. Do you envisage the course material and exam being designed by MIT but the exams being administered by some other party, or would the other party also design the exam (as is the case with CFA)? Not all drones have to be quadrotor helicopters; with a fixed wing drone you can glide over your target with the propeller stopped and make very little noise. Well, when public companies plan acquisitions and mergers, it's essentially always claimed that they're going to make the company they acquire more valuable. You spend $100,000,000 of your investors' money on Nullsoft because you think with you on their side, they'll be worth more than $100,000,000. So it comes as a bit of a surprise when they become worth radically less due to mismanagement - not because mismanagement is unusual, but because mismanagement persists in spite of the large costs. Gladwell's theory, as I've heard it, is that mastery demands 10,000 hours of good quality practice. When your developers cost $75 an hour including overheads, paying people for those 10,000 hours is an extremely costly proposition. The article is poorly written. Points 1 and 2 are about knowing yourself and your own rhythm, making one think the article is about caring for one's own mental health while working long hours. Point 3, however, is about long hours being performed by one's employees. That third point makes it sounds like the article is not about a person who has themselves worked ridiculously hard, but about someone who has cracked the whip over people working ridiculously hard, giving advice to others who want to do the same thing. Understandably, people are a lot less sympathetic to this! When I say $75 an hour including overheads I don't mean a salary of $150,000 - I mean a salary of $60,000 plus tax plus health insurance plus pension contribution plus office space plus a desk plus a computer plus the calls to IT Helpdesk plus the line manager's time plus any commercial software plus other developers' time coaching plus the 20% cut paid to the recruiter plus the HR and payroll people's time plus networking and internet connection plus the backed up storage space on file and mail servers plus the car parking space plus a phone line plus cleaning plus the break room food and coffee. Of course these things are company-dependent, but I'm a comparatively junior developer and for purposes of internal costing my employer costs my time at $75 an hour. When I was in college, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket was eating badly instead of eating well for two weeks. Now I have a regular job, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket is much lower - I'll have to wait a few weeks until I buy that DVD box set of 'House MD'. So now I can buy tickets that before I could not afford. Have I become a more dedicated Louis CK fan? Or have I just become a richer fan? You know how web developers are constantly bitching about incompatibilities between web browsers and javascript engines? That's how. Well, a lot of recruiters present themselves to employers as helping with their recruitment problems, rather than exacerbating them. The "rational" thing for a recruiter to do is to post fake jobs with huge salaries to jobs boards to get in resumes; and to offload filtering for quality onto clients so as to get more volume through; to shop resumes around clients in descending salary order so lower paying places only get candidates rejected by other employers; and as soon as the contingency fee comes through, to call the employee at work and try to get them to hop somewhere else so you can collect another contingency fee. If all recruiters did this no-one would work with recruiters - businesses only work with recruiters because those recruiters claim they aren't going to act in this ("rational") manner - they claim they're going to look out for the client's interests. For a recruiter to make this claim while simultaneously proving it false shows a bit of cheek, and obviously makes one doubt the sincerity of the claim. If this store sells physical objects which get delivered by mail, isn't it more like a regular online store? I'm not in recruitment myself, and I agree that ideally you want your employees not to leave even when contacted by a recruiter! I assume the idea behind refusing to work with recruiters who have been unethical in the past is to create a disincentive, in the hopes of reforming the economics of recruiting so you can get recruiters who will work with you rather than against you. You'd imagine there would be some recruiters who would aim to behave ethically and to cultivate a reputation for being ethical, as that reputation would be valuable to a recruiter in terms of getting clients. The one time I was job-hunting I saw some pretty unethical stuff - I once had a recruiter e-mail me a programming test along with a solution another candidate had submitted, and almost every recruiter asked for a summary of technical interview questions so they could brief other candidates. I would have thought using unethical recruiters would actively hinder your recruitment process - so there'd be no market for their services. I mean, evidently it doesn't work that way, but I think that's the aim of refusing to work with certain recruiters. I work for a company that uses Google's apps internally. We have less than 1000 users. We get sales and technical contacts at Google with real phone numbers and everything. If you think there's a market for Google's products but with better customer service, you could form a startup reselling Google's products, with you providing customer service and escalating to Google whenever appropriate. Once you have a few hundred users I assume you'll get the same support level my employer gets. To be fair, if your application revolves around producing a tweetspam-filtered copy of Twitter's stream of tweets, it's not really possible to make that twitter-independent. Competitors like facebook and google+ don't really have a spam problem. Perhaps they meant to block Kama Sutra App™, Kama Sutra of Vatsyayana, Kama Sutra! - Manual of Sex, Kama Sutra: Manual of Sex, Kamasutra™, Kamasutra 3D, Kamasutra by Vatsyayana, Kamasutra for iPad, Kamasutra fun, Kamasutra Museum 3D, Kamasutra Museum 3D HD, KamaSutra Posiciones, Kamasutra The Game, Kamazootra, Kamazootra Lite, 101 Positions of KamaSutra, Kamasutra (Deutsch), Kamasutra - Sex Positions Guide and Kama Sutra, KamaSwami, or KamaSwami for iPad. Perhaps it was only through confusion that they blocked iKamasutra. Many websites have adopted the donate-to-see-no-ads model - Slashdot, Reddit, OKCupid etc - but as I understand it none of those have exactly thrived on the donated money. Has it been more successful than I've heard? A lot of people recommend you shouldn't badmouth your previous/current employers in a job interview. Which you can use as a reason not to say why you're not with a previous employer. Personally I'm interested in the design of a many systems - but I can see a case for wanting other systems to present a single well-defined, correctly implemented interface. There was a time when, to make a program with sound, programmers had to handle different sound cards differently. You used to get settings in games to choose whether your card was Sound Blaster 16 Compatible. Were those the good old days, or the bad old days? I'm not sure professional networking is something that can be usefully automated. I mean, a LinkedIn network is to a real network as Facebook friends are to real friends. It sounds like you would enjoy http://folklore.org/ You don't think the leap-hour will be a new millennium bug? When you look at how much people crap their pants over the leap second - a relatively common thing - I dread to think how unprepared people would be for something 3,600 times less common. Let's say I own a business importing widgets. If there's inflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% more valuable. If there's deflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% less valuable. In other words, in a deflationary economy there's less incentive to invest in productive activity and more incentive to stash cash under the mattress. And it's not just held stock that works this way - it's also capital investments like that new more efficient widget-making machine. To be fair, at the bottom end of the market safes are competing against Kensington lock cables and hiding valuables on the top shelf of your wardrobe. If anyone broke into my home I assume it would be a brick through the window then in and out in five minutes grabbing any laptops, jewelery and cash rather than a planned attack with thermal lances and diamond core drills! Of course, within the current justice system it will often make sense to hire an expensive lawyer. You are in a spending arms race with your opponent. The problem is this is a fault of the system. We want a system that produces the fairest outcomes possible, and there's more than one way unfair outcomes can be produced. Under the current system, if I had a patent and Oracle infringed upon it, I would be denied justice because I don't have $100M of cash to pay to litigate. If we had a German-style fixed fee system where any patent dispute could be resolved for a flat fee of (say) $20,000 I would not be denied justice. The rich would not have an advantage over the poor in court. On the other hand, this would deny Google and Oracle the opportunity to spend 5,000 times as much to get the dispute analyzed in (what was presumably) a great deal of detail. Is that a bigger injustice than the fact I couldn't receive justice at all? Personally I see this Oracle/Google dispute as like Bastiat's parable of the broken window - this case represents a net loss to society of $100,000,000+ as surely as if Oracle and Google had broken one another's office windows to the value of a hundred million dollars. Perhaps they called the number listed in the box on the right hand side of the article? Did you read the part of the article that said "The demonstration of the near-disaster, led by Professor Todd Humphreys and his team at the UTA's Radionavigation Laboratory, points to a "gaping hole" in the US's plan to open US airspace to thousands of drones," so presumably there's an existing plan to use drones in US airspace. One would imagine they would be most useful over densely populated areas. With cars and fault diagnosis increasingly computerised, car makers were in a position to encrypt or obfuscate diagnostic messages so that you could only view and reset 'check engine' codes at official dealers who had costly diagnostic equipment. The intention of OBD-II is to keep independent mechanics in business (and hence the car repair market operating properly) by preventing car makers from doing this. Sounds like a good idea to me - dealerships are already overpriced, I can't imagine how bad it would be without independent garages exerting downward pressure on prices. Whether this should extend as far as an open standard for bypassing the keyless ignition without first presenting a valid key is another matter. The HTTP last modified header for www.kogan.com/robots.txt has Last-Modified: Wed, 06 Jun 2012 06:14:35 GMT It's possible they did this and they were cunning enough to turn back the last-modified clock. I'm sure everyone takes notes differently, but with the way I do it I'm not sure a social note-taking system makes sense. For a note to be useful to me, it has to be quick to make. For a note to be useful to another person, it has to contain enough context for them to be able to decipher it. For example, the notebook on my desk reads "core 495 0.20%" which I know is the number and fraction of users in the core group - and I have enough context to know what those all mean. If I had to write down that context in a way other people could understand, it would no longer be quick to write, so it would no longer be a note. Is your idea of what note-taking is different to mine? I get Last-Modified: Fri, 04 May 2012 18:58:02 GMT from my home machine (and you obviously do too) where I connect to 74.118.68.224 - but I got Wed, 06 Jun 2012 06:14:37 GMT from work (and via http://web-sniffer.net/ and http://www.rexswain.com/cgi-bin/httpview.cgi ) which was looking at 108.166.39.66. Perhaps we get DNS load balanced or something similar? You know people do those 2D and 3D plots with dots representing where ideas are on a spectrum? You know, like this: http://www.politicalcompass.org/images/axeswithnames.gif I think what you need is a diagram like that with Google Docs, Wikis, Evernote, Piratepad, E-mail and your product. You know, something that answers every "so how's it different from" at the same time. The article says you should merge all your databases into one, to avoid setting up a service-api-notification-message-queue mess. While sharing a database lets you develop the initial system quickly, you'll have problems later on because you've made no distinction between your interface (which other people code against and you commit to not changing too often) and your internals (which you may want to refactor from time to time). So either you make schema changes at will - in which case other developers do too, and you're spending all your time fixing that instead of developing new stuff - or you rarely make schema changes and do it with advanced warning and approval, in which case the pace of development slows to a crawl because other people are too busy to support the changes you want to make. With well defined interfaces, only the interfaces have to evolve at a snail's pace; the internals can change as fast as you like, as long as you do it without breaking your interfaces. Example: If you run a amazon style computerized warehouse and an amazon style shopping website; you want to know if an item is in stock. If the website just goes directly to the warehouse's database tables, the warehouse schema can't change without worrying about breaking the website. A nice simple how-many-in-stock web service would be a lot easier to maintain. I'm no Solr expert, but bug SOLR2155 has a patch [1] that does a geospatial search using geohash prefixes [2]. As far as I can tell, you take the point's latitude and longitude and interleave the binary bits - so if your record's latitude is 11111111 and your longitude is 10000000 your geohash is 1110101010101010. You index on that, then when you do a spatial search for the point nearest to 11111110,10000011 you look up key 1110101010101101 and a prefix search finds the closest value in the index is the the record you inserted earlier. Presumably then you realize there could be an even closer record at 11111111,01111111 which would have got stuck at 1011111111111111 in the index so you look there too just in case, take the closer of the two search results, and bob's your mother's brother. [1] https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SOLR-2155?focusedComme... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geohash Absolutely - I'm sure you've heard of the idea of technical debt [1,2] and sometimes it makes sense to build up technical debt to get a system off the ground, then worry about maintainability, documentation and whatnot in your copious free time later on. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2009/02/paying-down-your-te... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technical_debt I think the key feature of "paid paid vacation" is that the money can only be spent on a vacation, use it or lose it. So you can't save money by not going on vacation. Does austrian vacation bonus pay have to be spent on a vacation? So under the pay-proportional-to-viewship model, artist A runs an intimate orchestral music performance and 10 people donate $100 each (because hey, orchestras are expensive to run); and artist B runs a punk performance in a warehouse where 1000 people pay £1 each. Under your model, the punk performers would make $1980 and the classical performers would make $20 - right? In my mind, Penny Arcade was as it started out - two guys drawing comics. $500k each sounded like a lot. I don't know if Childs Play and PAX are a big money sink for them? Business owner here. The purpose of a business is to do whatever the business owners want it to do. > I mean, yeah, I'm not impressed by the pager. I've been on pager more often than not from 17 onward. [...] Out of being on pager more often than not more than 20 years [...] that was the only job where the pager bothered me much at all. So how does pager duty work with your employers? Most places I've worked have asked for a 15 minute response time (which effectively means being within ~12 minutes of home) and being sober. That means no going for a bicycle ride or a run; not going on dates, to restaurants, the theatre or cinema; not visiting friends or relatives; and not going to the gym or going swimming or going out dancing. Doesn't pager duty basically mean you have to sit at home on the internet for all your free time? It's surprising to me that 60% of people don't appear to have changed their compromised passwords. Is there something wrong with how we tell people their passwords have been compromised - do you think we aren't making it clear enough what they need to do, or how important it is that they do it? I ordered some jeans online, taking measurements from another pair of jeans. In fact I aggregated together measurements of my body, measurements of my existing pairs of jeans, and sizes from the labels of my existing pairs of jeans. The first pair that came were too short, and a bit big at the waist; the company agreed to swap them for a shorter pair (but I had to pay to ship the old pair back to them). I couldn't tell if going to a two-inch-smaller waist would mean an uncomfortably tight waist, so I didn't ask them to send me a pair with a smaller waist. The fit is now at best acceptable. I could have been more stubborn about it and done more exchanges until I was happier with the fit, but that would have meant more inconvenience - and the expense of shipping them back again. Had I been buying at a shop I could have tried on a whole bunch of pairs of jeans, and I think I'd be happier with the overall fit. For comparison, I have successfully brought sneakers, t-shirts and sweaters online so I'm no stranger to shopping for clothes online. > The problem is probably not that women are not being respected or valued. What the hell else do you call it when someone grabs your ass? No-one grabs my ass at hacker conferences. You know why? Because I'm a man. > I doubt people are stupid enough to conflate Bitcoin with 3rd party websites that use bitcoins. Well, some of the most touted features of Bitcoin are that it's anonymous, untracable, and unfettered burdensome mandates like FDIC insurance and PCI-DSS compliance. In this case, those features mean in all likelihood the thieves won't be traced or punished, the depositors' money won't be returned, and there was no independent auditing to catch crap security practices. High profile thefts might make people think they don't need the features that Bitcoin is offering. It could be a bit cheaper, but I'd hope SSL certificate vendors would be putting some work into identity verification. You know, making sure the person with an @gmail.com e-mail is the right person to send the gmail.com SSL certificate to. That could mean manually checking scanned copies of legal documents, making some phone calls, maybe even faxing or sending some things by post. Look at all these requirements Mozilla have to include your CA certificate! http://www.mozilla.org/projects/security/certs/policy/Inclus... $60 sounds a little high to me, but if you think you could do it for substantially less, why not set yourself up in competition with them? > Conventional wisdom is that the private sector is just much more efficient than the state can ever be, but I have never been able to find evidence-based studies for or against this. This is hard to measure empirically because of selection bias - you can only study things which have already been privatized, and the first things to be privatized are the things you think will privatize successfully. For example, there are quite a few countries that have successfully privatized their telephone networks. But that doesn't mean you could privatize the police or military with the same success! And because you asked for evidence-based citations, here you go: http://www.quora.com/Is-there-empirical-evidence-to-support-... I think what rwmj is saying is: State total cost = State front line workers' salaries + State overheads Private sector total cost = Private sector front line workers' salaries + Private sector overheads + Profit. Overheads are everything from paddy wagons to radios to uniforms to back office staff to police horses loaned to Rebekah Brooks to the G4S CEO's £830K/year salary. Private sector firms will presumably only bid on a contract if the profit is positive, I'd agree that's a truism. But is the profit positive because the private sector total cost is higher, or because the private sector front line workers' salaries are lower, or because the private sector overheads are lower? I think that's what rwmj wants evidence of. While I've never seen a hiring manager looking at the code actually committed to open source projects, I've certainly been asked in interviews about the contributions to well known projects I list on my CV. Other interviewers haven't mentioned the contributions at all. So I guess it depends on the interviewer. > Since HN is full of smart people, I feel like asking - do you guys realize you're smart? When I go dancing in nightclubs, both men and women will come up to me when I stop to get a drink and they'll tell me they think I'm a really good dancer. But when I go to a dance class and beside me is someone who works for a world-famous dance company, I can look in the mirror and see my skills are only the crudest parody of theirs. There are certainly thousands of people in the world who can dance better than I can - probably tens of thousands. So it is with my programming achievements - one or two linux kernel patches for seldom-seen bugs in seldom-used subsystems? There are certainly thousands, probably tens of thousands of people who could have done the same thing easily - I was just the first to feel the itch I scratched. TLDR: I don't know if your question is even intended for me. If you enjoyed this question about "Storing Images in DB - Yea or Nay?" posted on Nov 28 '08 at http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3748/storing-images-in-db... here are some other questions you might enjoy: Storing images on a database - Jul 1 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1071636/storing-images-on... Save image in database? - Apr 30 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/805519/save-image-in-data... store image in database or in a system file? - Apr 19 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/766048/store-image-in-dat... Where should I store photos? File system or the database? - Oct 9 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1546485/where-should-i-st... To Do or Not to Do: Store Images in a Database - May 2 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/815626/to-do-or-not-to-do... Store images in database or on file system - Dec 28 '10 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4550197/store-images-in-d... Store pictures as files or in the database for a web app? - Feb 18 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/561447/store-pictures-as-... Storing a small number of images: blob or fs? - Nov 28 '08 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/325126/storing-a-small-nu... How to store images in your filesystem - Oct 7 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/191845/how-to-store-image... User images - database vs. filesystem storage - Feb 25 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/585224/user-images-databa... Should I store my images in the database or folders? - Apr 3 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/713243/should-i-store-my-... Would you store binary data in database or in file system? - Mar 19 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/662488/would-you-store-bi... storing uploaded photos and documents - filesystem vs database blob - Jul 9 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1105429/storing-uploaded-... I came in here prepared to write an impassioned criticism of StackOverflow's aggressive moderation, but frankly you've made me understand exactly why they do it. If I was a funding body I'd knock a few thousand off the initial grant and say "have the journal send me the bill when you publish a paper". That way, you only have the expenditure if the research leads to published papers. If the research doesn't lead to papers, well, at least you're a few thousand better off. And of course the funding bodies would know exactly who published what when where, and they'd get the right details in the paper's acknowledgments every time. As an alternative, if there was funding to publish only a limited number of papers that could reform the incentives that lead to "salami publication". Or perhaps it would lead to a worst-of-both-worlds where salami publication cost funding bodies a bunch of money. We shall see! Would such big spenders quibble over a little 1% surcharge? > Why would you want to break out the fee into another line-item? It's not unusual in things like concert ticketing to have a headline price of, say, $30 then when you get to the checkout there's an extra $10 in processing fees and delivery charges. I assume companies think this makes them more money than being up front about the total cost. > Cash discounts were already legal, and a credit surcharge is just a cash discount by another name. In one case the customer pays less than the advertised price, in the other case more. You could submit your tip along with your bitcoin address, then if the tip comes up right they send the reward to that address. Of course, if they failed to deliver the reward or it got redirected along the way, you couldn't exactly complain publicly. And you'd still have the problem that your neighbors would notice if you brought (say) a new car. And you might get murdered just for having a bitcoin client installed. But other than that, it could work! > Wow. Version 1 obviously wasn't ready at all. Why was it shipped in the first place? I guess a good question is why did MS let it ship? Perhaps the one-free-patch policy should change into a no-free-patches policy, to encourage companies not to ship unfinished games. > (if you prefer you can swap out this cost and replace it with the cost of hiring somebody to do ops for you on an occasional, freelance basis to handle things going wrong, moving to new cloud providers etc. over a 25 year period...). Plenty of countries have national/legal deposit libraries (my country has six of them) and the costs of running them are a rounding error in national terms. You can hardly claim an electronic national library would cost more to run than a physical library - much smaller volume of stuff to store, no staff to retrieve and shelve documents, no in person visitors. There's a bunch of reasons people might drop out of a university course. Some of these reflect badly on the university/means of course delivery. For example, if they're dropping the course because it's poorly taught, or they can't understand the lecturer. There's no indication this was a problem with the MITx course though. Well, the first line of the article is > Facebook not only is on course to go bust but will take the rest of the ad-supported Web with it. Perhaps that's just a juicy opening line to draw people in to the article - but it sure sounds like predicting a demise to me. Some of the things the article says are reasonable - but I wouldn't bet a dollar on facebook going bust and taking the entire ad-supported web with it. But 'you are at the herpes clinic with your daughter' is more like the latter than the former, right? When you say "How much time do you spend on Emails?" does that mean just time with focus on the e-mail client, or does that include the time spent on gathering data to compose a response? How un-selective does an employer have to be before they can talk about skills shortages? I'm sure you've heard of Fizz Buzz - http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... - is that too difficult a problem? May I have your password please? I'd like an account with more karma. The article suggested that the high piracy rate may be because Google Play is only available in 31 countries, and with only credit and debit card payment options. No hard numbers were provided to back that up, but presumably supporting more countries and payment options could only help sales. So, Google could support more countries and payment options. Alternately, they could add more sophisticated DRM to android phones. Under the pay-for-upgrades model, software developers have an incentive to keep updating and upgrading their software. I want new features and the developer wants upgrade money, so our incentives are aligned. Under the subscription model, don't you think the software you're subscribing for will end up like IE6, left to stagnate because there's no incentive to spend developer time on it? If you need four hours of downtime, either the three 8 hour shifts would have to overlap (meaning for the overlap periods you'd need twice as many workstations, i.e. a warehouse twice as big) or the third shift would have employees standing idle for 4 hours. Downtime is useful because you can get in and perform preventative maintenance and software deployments, and if there's a problem (like a machine breakdown) that delays picking by an hour or two, you can complete the day's work instead of having the problems spill over into the next day. Why they don't offer an option to do three 7-hour shifts I don't know. Yes, I'm a bit confused about how much you get for the $9 to $12 if the retail cost would be $60 to $90. Is that just an $81 markup, or does $9 only get you a frame without pedals and a chain? On the other hand, Boston's Hubway cycle hire scheme [1] costs $12 for three days of membership. A bike for $12 could open up interesting avenues for similar bike uses as you wouldn't have to worry about getting the user to return it. [1] http://www.thehubway.com/pricing I assume he's referring to PHPBB there, which would be an odd choice for blogging software as it's forum software. >The problem is that the people you'd most like to hire probably have little interest in taking a programming test. So you're just filtering them out and left with the dregs. For this to work you need one of the following: That may be the case if you're trying to headhunt experienced developers who are currently in good jobs. But if you're an unemployed programmer, or an employed programmer actively looking for a different job, why wouldn't you take a programming test? Programming tests and technical interviews where you have to code are normal and expected for coding jobs, at least in my experience. When there are 630 resumes in the pile, the read/filter will be done by a junior HR person who probably couldn't tell XML from SQL. I'd rather be filtered by a programming test, where my programming abilities put me ahead of the pack! With that said, most of the programming tests I've been given in the past have been fairly interesting so perhaps that biases my opinion. I'm certainly no fan of jobs where they send you a huge MS Word application form. https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=%22I+cant+stand+all%22+%22... https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=%22This+is+all+too%22+%22f... Then pick the first search result where there is a single word between the segments. >700mA on USB is not within the USB spec, and probably not accurate for current draw of a Pi. The raspberry pi quickstart guide at http://www.raspberrypi.org/quick-start-guide says to use a power supply capable of supplying 700 mA. The page you link to says the RPi can consume 435-465mA just from CPU and Ethernet, meaning only ~250 mA of the RPi's 700mA power budget remains to power the two USB host ports. Just plug in a USB device that draws more than 250mA (like a second RPi) and the claim of consuming more than 700 mA will be proved correct! I've checked the RPi schematic [1] and it each of the USB ports protected by a miniSMDC014 rated for 140 milliamps [2] (and taking 150ms to trip at 1.5 A) With two usb devices drawing 140 mA, a total of 280 mA would be consumed, thereby narrowly exceeding the 700mA power budget. Fuses are also typically quite imprecise for obvious reasons - they rely on current heating up metal that melts and breaks the circuit, and you don't want it borderline molten under normal operating conditions! So you may well be able to draw 250 mA per port without the fuses triggering. You'll note the Raspberry Pi wiki [3] has a bunch of bug reports like "Ethernet connection is lost when a USB device is plugged in" attributed to inadequate power supply current. [1] http://www.raspberrypi.org/archives/1090 [2] http://datasheet.octopart.com/MINISMDC014F-2-Tyco-Electronic... [3] http://elinux.org/R-Pi_Troubleshooting Well, any time you're looking at companies before vs after the death of their founder, you've got the confounding factor that the company is always younger when the founder is alive. Google founders Brin and Page were what, 25 when they founded Google? If they've got a 75 year life expectancy, Google will be a 50 year old company when they die. I'd have thought a 50 year old Google would look more like a stable blue chip company than a fast-moving frenetic startup. I can understand wanting one for sports and leisure. I too live in a country with tight weapon control; if I went on holiday to America and had a chance to go to a gun range and fire an AK-47 you bet I'd do it. Of course, I'd also like to fire one of those stinger missiles, and the deck guns on a battleship. I can understand there being other considerations that conflict with my desires. First let me say that yet again, another blog post that contains little to no science to back up claims; instead, personal feelings and an individual's experience become the standard by which apparently all people experience working in STEM. "Stereotype Threat and Women’s Math Performance" by Spencer, Steele and Quinn [1] contains an interesting series of experiments. In the first experiment, test subjects are given two math exams, an easier one (from the GRE general exam) and a harder one (from the advanced GRE mathematics exam). All test subjects had 1 semester to 1 year of calculus with at least a B grade. They observed something that has been seen in the literature before - that both genders perform equally on the easier exam, but women underperform on the harder exam. In the second experiment, a different set of test subjects were given the harder exam. Half the subjects were told the test had been shown to produce gender differences, half that it had been shown not to produce gender differences. Characterizing the test as insensitive to gender differences was enough to totally eliminate women's underperformance. When the same test was characterized as sensitive to gender differences, women significantly underperformed in relation to equally qualified men. (results are fig. 2 on page 13 of the PDF) The third experiment repeats the second experiment under different conditions and gets a similar result. The "stereotype threat" article is not a compelling enough argument to me that there is some gender stereotype conspiracy only found in STEM No stereotype conspiracy is required - the threat is from the stereotype /held by the test subject/ that they will/are expected to underperform. [1] http://www.leedsmet.ac.uk/carnegie/learning_resources/LAW_PG... I am still friends with my colleagues and my boss at my last job, but I told them in the interview a long list of tweaks to expectations, assignments etc if they wanted to keep folks like me around. Interesting. Did they make the tweaks after your departure? Were they substantial changes? Did you suggest the tweaks prior to your resignation, and if so why do you think they didn't make them at that time? > But I would say that omitting is the same thing as lying. Let's say I think my co-worker is an asshole. How many people do I have to tell to avoid being a liar? Interesting. Do you plan to replace the weekly trip to Wal-Mart in terms of range, or will you limit yourself to the smaller product selection you'd get in a local corner store? What will you do if all your drivers are busy? Will I be able to book an order for an hour-long slot in the future, or is delivery now or never? Never replicated? How about "Knowing Is Half the Battle Teaching Stereotype Threat as a Means of Improving Women's Math Performance" by Johns, Schmader and Martens [1] ? Participants were divided into three groups; the first group were told they were getting a problem solving test; the second group were told they were getting a math test for a study of gender differences; the third group were told the same as the second group and that anxiety could be the result of negative stereotypes that are widely known in society and have nothing to do with their actual ability to do well on the test. As figure 1 on page 4 of the PDF shows, the first group had roughly equal gender performance, in the second group women underperformed, and in the third group performance was roughly equal. Or why not "Solo status, stereotype threat, and performance expectancies: Their effects on women's performance" by Sekaquaptewa and Thompson [2] - once again, women performed worse in the stereotype threat condition that in the no threat condition. Did you have some point, or argument, or opinion, you were trying to make? Only that your statement that there is little to no science to back up the blog's claims ignores multiple peer-reviewed studies. [1] http://www.mdecgateway.org/olms/data/resource/9098/Knowing%2... [2] http://j.b.legal.free.fr/Blog/share/Expos%E9s%20M1/Stereotyp... That assumes that software development is infinitely scalable. I don't see how overgryphon's post assumes that; whether the project can meet the required deadlines could be a go/no-go decision rather than an assign-more-resources decision. Currency stability is useful for trade and retail. When a macbook air costs $1000 things are simple - it cost the same amount a week ago, and it'll cost just as much next week. You can plan your purchases. If all you know is a week from now it'll cost somewhere between 50 and 500 bitcoins, that's a lot harder to plan around. What would you say to a games company that wants to get their triple-A title out in time for the holiday season, instead of releasing it in January? Better still would be encryption that meant there was no need to wipe data from stolen hardware. I heard a discussion of this on Radio 4's excellent More Or Less podcast http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b006qshd They pointed out Korea tend to do well in per capita medal counts as Taekwondo is a popular sport there - and there are gold, silver and two bronze medals in four weight categories for two genders - a total of 32 medals available. On the other hand cricket, one of the most popular sports in India, has zero olympic medals. We all know the quote that adding extra developers to a late project make it even later. So if you have a market-imposed deadline you've got to get the number of developers correct from the beginning of the project. Hard to do without that much estimation. There are exceptions to all rules, so it would be stupid to not even think about it. But all businesses with an extra layer of "relationship" get messy. I'm sure we'll hear anecdotes to that effect - but is there good quality research-based evidence to back it up? All the co-founders I know of are friends with one another, which doesn't seem to sink companies. And a lot of commentators in the press attribute Germany's economic strength to its 'Mittelstand' companies - small and medium size companies, which are often family-owned, export-oriented engineering firms [1,2]. Call me crazy, but when I'm making investment decisions I like to build my decisions on sturdier foundations than Betteridge's Law of Headlines. [1] http://business.blogs.cnn.com/2012/05/24/the-mittelstand-ger... [2] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-17300246 The GNU is exactly the opposite of normal copyright. [...] The idea behind normal copyright--what some people here do not like--is to limit others' access to information. The whole point is that you cannot copy something without the right-owner's permission. As I see it, the idea behind copyright is that the creator of a work gets to choose the terms of reproduction. They might choose the GPL for the reasons you state - or they might prefer a different license, like the Affero GPL, or GPL2 instead of GPL3. If we think that shouldn't be the developer's choice, whose should it be? The marginal cost of the second ticket to see my favorite film (Scarface, Al Pacino) is a few cents. The marginal cost of the first ticket is $25 million. We could switch over to that system - it's not unprecedented, historically many rich people have been patrons of the arts and commissioned new works. You might find the art market shifts so it aims less at the man on the street and more at the millionaire in the boardroom. Whether that would be a good or a bad thing is a matter of opinion. What do you think? According to the page you linked to, in economics and finance marginal cost is the change in total cost that arises when the quantity produced changes by one unit. When production of Scarface movie tickets increases from zero units to one unit the film has to be made, increasing the total costs from zero to $25,000,000. Hence, the ∆Q is 1 unit and the ∆TC is $25,000,000 giving a marginal cost of ∆TC/∆Q = $25000000/1 = $25,000,000 Could you be more specific about why I need to go to college? Is there some error in my calculation? It says right there in the link you provided that the marginal cost is the change in total cost that arises when the quantity produced changes by one unit. We're discussing the mass entertainment market, where total costs are dominated by fixed costs. Do you seriously think it's disingenuous to take fixed costs into account? I'd say it's far more disingenuous to just ignore the bulk of your expenditure. Does "ninja-rockstar engineer" sound modest to you, like someone who doesn't care about their ego? Did it look like this: http://velodynelidar.com/lidar/hdlproducts/hdl64e.aspx Very impressive spec - as you'd expect for a $75,000 product. When would you use a CyclicBarrier in preference to (for example) splitting tasks into before-barrier and after-barrier FutureTasks and submitting to a ThreadPoolExecutor? If you're going to pre-ship products and customers are going to leave home to pick them up, why not just stock them in a conventional retail store? There's the rub. A startup cannot be about the money - it's about changing the world and the way people live. My reading of the post wasn't that the guy only cared about money - just that a start up operates in the intersection of exciting world changing technology and commercially viable technology. And the guy's exciting world-changing ideas weren't his commercially viable ideas. For a job applicant to think about what a hiring manager would think is normal enough. Is it so unusual for a hiring manager to see if the applicant does that? For a hiring manager to think about whether a job applicant is thinking about what a hiring manager is thinking sounds confusing - but we're thinking about that right now. With optical mouse type tracking wouldn't you lose your position relative to other cuts if you lifted the router off the workpiece? The "Why Smore? See why Smore is perfect for your app." button doesn't work on Firefox - does in Chrome though. Details: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux x86_64; rv:14.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/14.0.1 ID:20120714012003 Under Bush it didn't seem so bad because our expectations were so low. I would get some usage information to check the assumption anyone is hitting the 100 item limit to begin with. using open source UAVs and ReAllocate by trying to solve 'the last mile' problem [...] a network of autonomous vehicles that could be used to deliver high-value goods [...] technologies that are changing very quickly, are dropping in cost, are following Moore's Law and that are being integrated into the mainstream (these are called 'exponential technologies'). Interesting. I've heard one of the limiting factors in quadrotor drone technology is battery energy density. You want long range so you add more batteries, then the drone is too heavy to take off. And battery technology doesn't double in performance every 18 months. Would you say this is accurate? Can a quadrotor drone can outperform a local on a bicycle? Or do you have an alternative technology in mind? What kind of payload and flight range do you think you'll achieve? Contemporary start up culture seems to be in favor of launching with a "minimum viable product" as a way of gauging market demand before you sink too many resources into a product. Not every product is amenable to this, of course, but HiMom is and you are seeing it in action. Products like the Headthere Giraffe have a heavy-ass base full of batteries so the centre of gravity is lower than an office swivel chair. Which of course keeps it stable even if the battery runs down or the software crashes. It's not a very elegant design, though, and it makes carrying the thing a hassle. If he doesn't know the difference between buying and selling calls and puts, I'd say he's wise not to have invested. Surely any time you have a data store that can work with multiple programming languages and platforms you're going to end up with an abstraction layer because of different programming languages' data representation? Even for things as simple as integers, do you have unlimited precision, unsigned value support and null values? In Firefox I can create a bookmark to https://www.google.com/search?btnI=lucky&q=java+6+%s with the keyword set to jd then by typing (say) "jd Collections" in the address bar I get directed to the first Google result for "java 6 collections" I gather you can emulate a similar behavior in Chrome using its 'edit search engines' function. In my country, ticketing is per-venue. So if I want to go see an act at venue A, I go to their website and book from there. Acts' websites have lists of venues and dates, and direct people to the venues' websites to book. Most venues - at least the ones hosting things I attend - are independent of one another. This doesn't seem like a natural monopoly to me - a new startup can sign up venues one at a time. Is the situation different in America? I was under the impression [1] that a message would only be received more than once if the first attempt at processing failed to complete in the lock time - for example if the queue consumer crashed. Is it more complicated than that? [1] http://aws.amazon.com/sqs/#functionality Plus, ticketing takes a heavy load. The I Heart Radio festival this year sold out in 8 minutes. Isn't this a textbook application for EC2, Heroku, Google App Engine, Windows Azure etc? The fact that this hasn't happened already tells us that the practical difference isn't big enough to justify expending a lot of effort on switching. Are you arguing that it can't be a good idea, because if it was a good idea it would already have been done? I disagree with you here - PC makers list specs because it is technical specs, rather than user experience, that set their product apart from competing PC makers. I mean, you compare a Dell laptop to an HP laptop, or a $500 Dell laptop to an $800 Dell laptop for that matter, they're all running Windows 7. How would you market one product over another without admitting their differences? Admittedly, PC makers might be wise to stop fighting one another for market share and instead focus on fighting Apple for market share. What would you propose when, as translations have to be done manually, the available content for different pages is out of sync? For example, maybe that latest product announcement hasn't been translated to French yet. If I send a product list URL to my french-speaking buddy, should the product disappear from the product list? Let me put it another way: Ignore Apple for a minute, consider just the market for Windows laptops. The subjective experience will always be, at its core, the experience of using a vanilla install of Windows 7. To use a car analogy, imagine all car makers built their car on a Toyota Camry chassis. They can put in any engine they like (that's your CPU and whatnot), they can paint it and add aftermarket body kits (that's your keyboard, trackpad and plastic screen bezel) and they can hang an air freshener from the rear view mirror (that's your preinstalled software like the 30 day McAfee trial). The Toyota Camry chassis is Windows. Ultimately, all those Camry-based cars are going to have a very similar driver experience because, at it's core, it's a Camry. When one Camry-based-car maker is competing with another they talk about paint job and engine because the paint and the engine are the only differences between their products. Apple, in this analogy, is the only major car maker that isn't building on a Toyota Camry chassis. Do you also object to games with a free 'lite' version and a paid 'full' version, where the two are separate app store entries, or is it only games where you have to pay for the full version via IAP that you dislike? I did not get that impression. The article said said: The flywheel gains more steam, the more acqui-hires there are. [...] it sends the message to investors that there’s no risk in backing them. It doesn’t matter that investors rarely make anything from these deals, because frequently they don’t lose anything either, or they lose very little. Wouldn't a mouthpiece of the VC industry think it was good, not bad, that investors got their money back even after making bad investments? I don't know if you've ever heard of a 'bright line rule' [0] - the idea is you have a simple rule everyone can understand and interpret in the same way, instead of a nuanced rule with lots of room for interpretation. If you use a simple-to-follow rule like "no editing except to crop and correct color balance" that's easy to understand and follow. When you allow some manipulation as long as it's noted, editors will composite a celebrity's face onto a model's body for the front page and note it's as a fake in tiny text in a contents list three pages away. Far-fetched? Newsweek have already done it [1]. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bright_line_rule [1] http://www.nytimes.com/2005/03/03/business/media/03mag.html Are you thinking of any types of research in particular? If you're thinking of human embryonic stem cell research, I'd have thought a research facility in Britain or Australia would be simpler than a research facility on a boat in international waters. I don't get the antagonism. Well, in a democratic society with the rule of law most laws are, at least in theory, supported and agreed on by most of the population. When someone says they want to be free of the rule of national law that might mean they want to violate a law that I generally support. Maybe they want to provide untracable anonymous phone numbers to robo-calling telemarketers, or tax avoidance services to shady billionaires, or subpoena-proof corporate records for companies running unsafe chemical plants. That has the potential to be antagonizing - although the potential is not yet realized. Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa is a great portrait but I wouldn't use it to illustrate Neil Armstrong's obituary because it's not Neil Armstrong. For an obituary for Leonardo I'd use a portrait of Leonardo. I'll add a bit more nuance to that - people don't always read every word of a newspaper article. That's fine, it's why the inverted pyramid [0] model is used. If there's a big headline (Neil Armstrong Dies) and a single photo (the one of Buzz Aldrin) and the fact it's not a photo of Armstrong is in a little caption, it's going to contribute to the misconception that the photo of Aldrin is actually a photo of Armstrong. Contributing to misconceptions is bad and should be avoided. Luckily this is easy - just use the photo of Armstrong in the lunar lander. On the other hand, it's unlikely anyone would mistake Leonardo and the woman in the Mona Lisa so it wouldn't seem so bad to me! [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverted_pyramid Different news websites and publications have different styles - Sites like [0-5] seem to have decided on having one leading photo, with optional click-through galleries. On the other hand [6-8] have multiple images. Perhaps the websites of print publications have a tradition of more-text-fewer-pictures. [0] http://science.time.com/2012/08/25/remembering-neil-armstron... [1] http://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/neil-armstrong-modest-h... [2] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/space/9501410/Neil-Armstr... [3] http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2012/aug/26/neil-armstrong... [4] http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2012-08-26/us/33... [5] http://www.thestar.com/news/world/article/1247118--neil-arms... [6] http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/neil-a... [7] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11162858 [8] http://www.bangkokpost.com/learning/learning-from-news/30958... The article says: We drove from Fontana on the eastern edge of the L.A. basin to San Diego and all the way back to L.A.'s Pacific edge on one charge. Five hours of continuous driving. The 233 mile, 5 hour trip was done on a single charge. To me that's pretty far - I could tolerate a 1 hour break every 5 hours. I was thinking someone who drove 5 hours to visit family would be staying over night and could do an over night charge. I'll admit this may not always be the case. I certainly agree that serious range and uptake will need serious charging and generation infrastructure. Ah, the article says the Tesla home charger takes 6 hours for a charge, but I guess it needs to be wired directly to be breaker box or something. In work I'm concerned with writing code my colleagues can maintain. Often the most sensible design decision is to use the technology stack my team mates and I already know. If everyone else uses Linux to write Python web apps I'd need a very good reason to write a Windows only GUI app in C#! Five years from now, my employer's standard technology stack might be obsolete. If I only gain skills at work, my skill set would be obsolete too. This would harm my future career prospects. Could an employer pay me enough that I'd give up my side projects, sabotaging my future career prospects? Probably, but it would have to be a lot of money. Of course, I also maintain a healthy work/life balance and have hobbies that let me get away from the computer and meet other people. This is also important. A good interview doesn't just filter out bad candidates - it also persuades good candidates, who will undoubtedly get other job offers, that they want to work for you. It shouldn't be a courtroom-style grilling - it should be difficult but fun. Honey to catch your flies instead of vinegar. I'm not saying this was a problem with the interview described as there isn't enough detail in the original post to say what happened really. How about Hacker News, and more generally internet discussion forums? Many discussion forums are SQL backed - but both Reddit and Digg are reported to use Cassandra, a NoSQL system. Culture depends on travel distance - everywhere can claim to have culture if you're willing to drive far enough. The only claim to culture that Mountain View or Cupertino has is being within driving distance of San Francisco. For sure, everywhere has culture if your definition of culture is sufficiently malleable. To me moving from California to New York for culture makes sense, for a lot of locations in California. Perhaps instead of saying you can't beat New York for culture, I should say I can't beat New York for culture! Sorry, I guess I misunderstood what you wrote. I'm absolutely in favor of other people doing what they like with their money - diversity of entertainment choice is a great thing. For me that meant the city, where the higher density of customers makes it viable for IRL entertainment suppliers to operate further down the long tail of demand. The things I'm interested in are right down that long tail, so I can understand when rm999 found moving to a city has improved his/her quality of life. This is not just startup culture, it's most professional gatherings in general. Go to a conference of any kind, other than one that's in some sort of health/fitness- related industry and you're bound to see the same thing. I have to disagree with you here. Most conferences and catered meetings I've been to outside of the tech sector have employed corporate catering companies who supply the sort of buffets you see here: https://www.google.com/search?q=conference+catering&tbm=... you know, finger food, sandwiches, little tart type things, quiche, fruit, salmon wrap thingies, miscellaneous kebabs, pastries, bite sized meat pies, salad, small slices of cake and so on. Often with vegetarian items marked as such. Sometimes with vegan, gluten-free, kosher and halal items also marked. Actual plates made of ceramic not just napkins, and glasses made of glass rather than plastic. Real metal knives and forks. Personally I'd just as soon have pizza (I drive way too badly to worry about healthy eating) but getting pizza delivery seems more common in tech than in any other sector I've had free food in. I'm confused about the reason a block can't exist in both S3 and Glacier at the same time, if the deduplication code decides that block is needed in a new archive. Why couldn't you simply have a rule that each file is either S3 or Glacier, and S3 lists-of-blocks can only reference other S3 blocks, while Glacier lists of blocks can only reference other Glacier blocks? In the worst case, where every block was in both archives, this would only increase costs by 10% if Glacier costs a tenth what S3 costs. To S3 it's like you just deleted the file; to Glacier it's like you just created the file. Vouchering is a type of price discrimination http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_discrimination If I drop my prices from $30 to $20 and sell out 200 seats, I've made $4000. If I fill 100 seats with walk-in customers at $30 and 100 with voucher customers at $20, I've made $5000. Assume I store 150 gigabytes of family photos. I pay $1.50 a month ($18 a year) for storage. Assume I've uploaded the files in 150 * 1 gigabyte archives. I decide to retrieve it all. The 5% (6 gigabyte) retrieval allowance is negligible. The data transfer out fee at $0.120 per gigabyte will cost $18. If I retrieve 150 * 1 gigabyte chunks every hour retrieval will take 1 hour; the peak hourly retrieval will be 150 gigabytes; the data rate will be 341 Mbps; and the retrieval fee will be 150 720 $0.01 = $1,080 If I retrieve 7 * 1 gigabyte chunks every hour retrieval will take 150/7~=22 hours; the data rate will be 15 Mbps; the peak hourly retrieval will be 7 gigabytes; and the retrieval fee will be 7 * 720 * $0.01 = $50.40 If I retrieve 1 * 1 gigabyte chunks every hour retrieval will take ~7 days; the data rate will be 2.2 Mbps; the peak hourly retrieval will be 1 gigabytes; and the retrieval fee will be 1 * 720 * $0.01 = $7.20 If I share an account with 20 other people with the same amount of data stored, the 5% allowance would be enough for my entire download; I could retrieve as quickly as I liked without incurring a retrieval fee. I would still pay the $18 data transfer out fee. TLDR: Retrieval isn't as cheap as storage, but if you lost all your family photos, you'd probably be willing to pay it. I believe what they're saying to the ICO is that either the law should be enforced on them and their competitors equally; or it should be discarded. It's all very well saying a VPN services keep your communications secure, encrypted and away from the prying eyes of your ISP - but why would you trust a VPN provider more than an ISP? These consumer-oriented VPN services marketing to bittorrent users seem kind of sketchy to me. If you don't use PayPal, how do you receive payment from customers who don't have credit cards? If a customer doesn't have a credit card or a debit card that your payment gateway accepts, you deal with them the same way you deal with customers who don't have computers. The current situation, according to [1], is that there is a higher import tax on components than on assembled boards . This is, as I understand it, because there's no import duty on components that are part of information technology products such as computers[2] - but components which are not yet part of such a product are subject to import duty. To fix this we don't need to raise a protectionist import duty for IT products - we can just drop the import duty on electronic components. [1] http://www.raspberrypi.org/archives/509 [2] http://www.charleswalker.org/import-duties If you're being paid by your employer to attend meetings, what phone call could possibly be so important that you can't let it go to voicemail and you get to it after the meeting? Do you remember a few months ago when Amazon's EC2 had problems and took down Quora, Pintrest, Heroku and that lot? [1] Or when Knight Capital managed to lose $440 million in 45 minutes due to a software glitch? [2] What meeting could possibly be so important that you can't postpone it to deal with a critical production issue? [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/anthonykosner/2012/07/01/survey-... [2] http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/nils-pratley-on-finance/2... Well, it's a 1 year wildcard certificate from DigiCert, which costs $595 according to [1] - while their 3 year certificate costs $1425. That's quite a bit of cash when you're a small business - and your minimum viable product doesn't need a 5 year cert, you just have to remember to renew your cert if you're still in business after a year... [1] http://www.digicert.com/wildcard-ssl-certificates.htm Iteration planning meetings are seriously expensive. Group discussion around design, group estimation, group acceptance, all highly inefficient. [...] I remember just getting bored to tears listening to discussions around stories I wasn’t developing on to begin with. That's quite team size dependent. In a scrum team with 4 people this isn't a problem - but when the team's twice as large it doubles both the amount of work to plan and the hourly cost to assemble the entire team, quadrupling planning costs. If a team is structured in such a way that a developer knows they won't be working on a story, that seems like a logical line for splitting into two scrum teams. Iteration planning meetings are seriously expensive. Group discussion around design, group estimation, group acceptance, all highly inefficient. [...] I remember just getting bored to tears listening to discussions around stories I wasn’t developing on to begin with. That's quite team size dependent. In a scrum team with 4 people this isn't a problem - but when the team's twice as large it doubles both the amount of work to plan and the hourly cost to assemble the entire team, quadrupling planning costs. If a team is structured in such a way that a developer knows they won't be working on a story, that seems like a logical line for splitting into two scrum teams. We already have a subset network of computers where DRM lasted from 2006 to 2010 - the PlayStation 3. Now, it's a console with some good games, but I wouldn't rate it as equivalent in social impact to electricity or nuclear weapons. Is it the new CEO, or is it that Stripe means Paypal actually have some competition? Lots of educators and professors are great, but they have no say in tuition policies. Every college and university presents itself as altruistic and socially motivated in its publicity material - but if you judge colleges and universities by their actions instead of their words, which is to say in terms of inflation-adjusted tuition costs, they seem pretty mercenary/market oriented to me. According to [1] the same public college 4 year education rose in cost by more than 300% between 1988 and 2008, while median family income rose by only 90%, and the cost of a new car by just 20%. I don't blame them for this in a market-driven system - a free market actor maximizing its share of the economic surplus is like a dog humping your leg, it's just being a dog. But I don't think it's wise to deny that it's happening. [1] http://www.deltacostproject.org/resources/pdf/Trends-in-Coll... I'm not familiar with Go. If my code performs several operations in a row, any of which could return an error, do I have to check the returned error value after each one? For example if performing file or network I/O? Do people find that surprising? Somewhat; because of its nature, cheating is very hard to quantify - I know there was some at my school but I can only speculate as to how much went on behind closed doors. Was collaboration permitted/encouraged on all assessment? In a lot of the group work at my school there tended to be some people who contributed nothing but complaints about their hangover - but who got good grades on the back of the group. I would have thought more group work would exacerbate this problem; do you think that was the case? According to [1] there are a few - no big names, though. As [2] says, running IPv6 is fairly boring; you get access to the same web as everyone else. [1] http://www.sixxs.net/faq/connectivity/?faq=native&countr... [2] http://bens.me.uk/2011/adventures-in-ipv6 I am not a white male bigot who hires people like me. I work with women, non-white, non-atheist, non-Christian, non-liberal, non-leftist, non-English (I'm British), people all day, every day and have done so for many years. A lot of what candidates expect and interviewers ask comes from what other people do/report having done. Think of how often different companies ask the same brain teasers - and how common it is for companies to ask brain teasers! I'm sure you don't discriminate - you just want to see my holiday snaps on facebook out of general interest. The problem is it makes looking at people's facebook profiles the norm; today you're doing it, tomorrow every employer is - and they're not all as open-minded as you. The fact you assume a potential employer who is betting a substantial amount of money on you is interested in your personal life for any other reason than to understand you better and to make sure you're going to be a great fit, is cynical, naive and misguided. According to "Are Emily and Greg More Employable than Lakisha and Jamal? A Field Experiment on Labor Market Discrimination" by Marianne Bertrand and Sendhil Mullainathan [1] when identical resumes are sent out with traditionally black or white names, resumes with white names get 50% more call backs, across all industries. I don't think it's naive or misguided to worry about employers subconsciously discriminating. [1] http://scholar.harvard.edu/mullainathan/files/emilygreg.pdf Why the hell would you cheer about the high margins charged on the products you are paying for? I don't cheer high margins, but in some industries cheap medium-low quality products crowd more expensive higher quality products out of the market. Consider inkjet printers; there are many cheap products on the market, but the consensus opinion among techies seems to be that there's no suppler with a good product. It would be a shame if more of the technology industry went in that direction. For kickstarter, this isn't only a question of strict legality and having the right weasel-words in their small print. It's also a question of reputation. There's already a bunch of stories in the press about projects failing to deliver, and the more backers get shafted the worse this will get. If no-one wants to invest in Kickstarter projects that'll be bad for kickstarter. There's a whole bunch of different things Kickstarter could do about hardware projects failing to deliver. Why they aren't taking action yet is a mystery to me. I don't see why vetting would put any more liability on Kickstarter - all the 'responsibility lies with the creator' legal mumbo-jumbo can remain in place. If you browse this thread you'll find lots of suggestions from different people. Probably other people will have better ideas than mine, but for what it's worth: I'd require projects successfully raising a large amount (say, more than the price of a midsized car) for hardware to agree a series of milestones, releasing the funds to them in stages. The precise milestones would be agreed on a project-by-project basis, but could include: Some money up front, some money when they have a preliminary electrical schematic and prototype on breadboard, some money when they have a costed bill of materials and a final prototype, some money when they have a feature-complete mobile app, and some money as the products start shipping and the invoices from manufacturers start arriving. To put it another way, creators can't have any pudding if they don't eat their meat. Well, in the case of the 'LIFX' bulb mentioned in the article, they've made a 5% commission on the $870,447 raised and I can't imagine too much of that would go on administration. I agree admin costs would be a problem for smaller projects; if Kickstarter was only making $2500 total on a project they couldn't afford a thorough technical design audit. Some costs could be kept down with technology, e.g. prototype demo youtube videos, which creators should be doing to keep their backers engaged anyway. You'd risk rigged demos, of course. Crowd funding is still a developing industry at the moment, and it's mostly assumption on my part that makes me think creators failing to deliver is going to be a problem. It's going to be interesting seeing what develops. ...and even more impressive, they did it before the terms 'LTV', 'network effect' and 'virality' had even been coined. With the right 3d printer, you can print out servo-driven anthropomorphic robot hands: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAs2F4sFVdA Whether that's useful or just an interesting-but-expensive model making hobby is a matter of opinion! I think the designer may have a higher-end 3D printer than we're discussing here - he mentions a 3D touch, and they start at $3500ish. The article identifies Dudley and Stratford-upon-avon as broken in Apple's app. Both Dudley and Stratford-upon-avon are identified fine in the TomTom (nee Tele Atlas) online route planner if you search by name [1] If you compare the first example image from the article [2] with the TomTom data [3] you can see the minor roads are present in TomTom's data, present in Google's data, but absent in the screenshot of Apple's software. This may well indicate a problem with Apple's software. [1] http://routes.tomtom.com [2] http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/63010000/jpg/_63010615... [3] http://routes.tomtom.com/map/Sunderland%2520Street%252C%2520... My best guess is there's a problem in serving the map data up to users. Vector slippy maps run on bounding box searches - if I look at New York, my client says to the server "Tell me all the roads within this square" with the latitude and longitude of wherever I'm looking. There's a lot of data - too much to store on one server - and the data doesn't all shard naturally. You can divide the world up into squares and store different squares on different servers, but long roads cross many squares, big objects like country borders belong in many squares, and when you're zoomed out your view covers many squares. The server also has to be clever; I don't actually want every road in New York or the data would take forever to load. I only want the major roads when I'm zoomed out. All these problems are solvable - spatial databases like PostGIS have been able to perform bounding box queries for years - but I don't know of anyone using PostGIS to support the millions of users Google have. It's well known that for regular data Google has things like BigTable, fancy NoSQL stuff that's supposed to scale well; I assume they have a geospatial database along similar lines. It's possible Apple decided to develop something similar. My guess as to how [1] came about is that the user started zoomed out, so they only got sent major roads, then when they zoomed in some hiccup prevented loading the minor roads. This could have been as simple as the user's wifi going down, or it could that Apple's database servers are overloaded or have bugs. [1] http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/63010000/jpg/_63010615... If I'm logging upvotes on a post or comments on a blog, [...] I think it's fair to ignore errors. Even in that situation, you need to know whether you're discarding 1% of upvotes or 99% of upvotes. Right now for me the referrer averages for facebook.com say 43% safari - but only 24% OS X? Sounds improbable. The article does say that any additional earnings derived would be passed onto an independent trust to invest in improving internet access and security. Nominet itself is not-for-profit. And there's at least some support for this URL-shortening change in this thread. It doesn't seem like a revenue grab to me. Stratasys doesn't care about stopping him - they just don't want their company's name on it. But a better indicator that Bitcoin activity is increasing is the number of Bitcoin transactions on the network itself. Is it better? If I shifted some bitcoins around between several of my own wallets, that would create transactions - but would that be a meaningful indication of anything? when was the last time you ever saw anything from yahoo answers that was not a joke (accidental or otherwise)? Just the other day I typed "1.3 meters in inches" into Google, to use their calculator. Yahoo answers was at the top of Google's rankings. Yahoo Answers isn't just top for "1.3 meters in inches" - they're also top for "1.2 meters in inches", "1.4 meters in inches", one-from-top in "1.5 meters in inches" and "1.6 meters in inches" and top for "1.7 meters in inches" - not to mention "1 meter in centimeters". Evidently, Yahoo Answers is a market leader in this sort of query. For me as a user, having an app that works replaced with an app that doesn't work is a bad thing. Of course some things are expensive - but there are still efficiency savings to be made; Americans on average spend more for the same health outcomes. For example, American medicine has a culture of ordering lots of tests based on legal, rather than scientific guidance. Consider the Merenstein PSA case [1] for an example. Increasing efficiency and driving down average healthcare costs ought to reduce insurance costs. [1] http://www.kevinmd.com/blog/2004/05/doctor-sued-uspstf-guide... One could still have free music for those who value dollars more than time. If the music can be copied freely, couldn't the cover art and other metadata also be copied? There's no reason in principle that an ad-supported iTunes clone couldn't do everything iTunes does - it could be more convenient, in fact, as you wouldn't have to muck around with credit card numbers and passwords. The only reason piracy is inconvenient at the moment is because it's illegal. I haven't looked at all the data released, but for the sample I did look I didn't see a breach of a university's central records system - they were breaches of things like the university's diving club's phpbb forum. Fairly mundane as these things go. Don't you think any paid selection-curation-storage effort will have ad-supported competitors? Google, Youtube etc are all free - it's obviously economically feasible to distribute media online for just ad revenues. Perhaps you've seen the article on the front page about effort estimation for programmers [1]. I know when I'm handed a bug to fix, until I find the cause I have no idea if it'll be a three hour task or a three day task. If programmers don't know up front how much effort a task will take, how should managers? [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4621268 Can you give me an example of how people having a vested interest in the results of a survey would improve the results? I always thought that if you have a question (like "should the government fund more particle physics") and you ask people with a vested interest (particle physicists) you'll get an answer aligned with their interest ("absolutely, extremely important") in which case why do a survey at all when you know what answers they're going to give? It was the title of the article, "The Only Earthling With a Facebook 'Dislike' Button" Sounds like the button isn't part of the core product, just part of the release infrastructure. A few months ago I wanted to buy 1000 Microsoft Lifecam Cinema HD webcams. I could order them individually from Amazon for £27 each with free delivery. I phoned up all the official Microsoft distributors in my country, who phoned up Microsoft and whatnot. Not one of them could offer me a price below about £35. And getting in contact with Microsoft hardware directly? Ha, I should be so lucky. A lot of solutions end up looking similar, as the automated marking system requires certain method names and the questions often have answers that are only a line or two at this early stage of the class. Early questions are things like: if membership of a set is a function mapping between an integer and a boolean, how would you define the membership of a singleton set? Modulo the spaces and variable names, every student's answer was probably the same! So detecting who has copied their solution is probably difficult. Asked to quote to make a system like [1] for a fleet of 1000 vans. Buying in USB cameras would reduce engineering costs compared to making our own. Eventually went for a brand that cost less and could accept wide angle lenses. [1] http://www.smartdrive.net The problem with question banks, at least in normal academia, is making sure everyone gets a question set of equal difficulty. If one person gets asked for an algorithm to find the length of a linked list and another gets asked for an algorithm to remove a node from an AVL tree, that's not fair on the second person. You could experimentally calibrate the question bank, seeing which questions trip students up the most, but that requires asking the same questions a bunch of times to different students, which is exactly what using the question bank was supposed to avoid! And if you want to reuse the calibrated data every year, you'll have to ask the same questions every year, which we prefer to avoid. I suppose with a sufficiently large student population an effective calibration might be possible - maybe Coursera will be the ones to do it! I've met Donald Knuth, Steve Wozniak and Tim Berners-Lee; none of them seemed like assholes to me. I can't think of anyone I've met, whom I respect but consider an asshole. By "Genius (with uppacase G)" you mean an Apple Store employee? Looks neat! I wonder how hard it is to lift, and whether my laptop cables and things would end up jamming in all the moving parts. The iphone/ipad web browsers already don't support flash, so dropping flash support isn't entirely a new thing. I for one am looking forward to its death on more platforms. How would you recommend performing that failover, when Elastic Load Balancers only cover a single region? If you host your own load balancer it'll have to be hosted somewhere, and DNS failover seems unpopular [1]. [1] http://serverfault.com/questions/60553/why-is-dns-failover-n... Last weekend I did some work with the OSM planet file - the thing with the XML format is it took several hours just to decompress it - even though I was reading it from RAM on an EC2 m2.2xlarge instance. And after that it still took an age to parse all the XML. All told it took 24 hours just to decompress the file and do a three-pass parse. With the benefit of this experience, I decided it was worth switching to OSM's alternative 'PBF' format [1]. It's a dense binary format that doesn't require additional compression. It's also reportedly 6 times faster to read than gzipped XML. Honestly it seems very complicated to parse, but if you're willing to work with Java or C there's a parser already available. [2] [1] http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/PBF_Format [2] https://github.com/scrosby/OSM-binary I do this for my little personal website. The key downside to hosting directly on S3 is it only does static pages. So it'll be manual HTML or a static-html-generating-tool like Octopress - none of this fancy dynamic content. If you're happy with this constraint, hosting on S3 works pretty well for me. A key feature of spatial databases, for me, is being able to store and query shapes more complicated than just points. In particular, roads with long straight segments don't have many nodes, so the nearest road isn't always the road the nearest node is on - and a road that travels through a bounding box won't always have a node in the bounding box. Does ElasticSearch support indexing on geometry more complicated than points? Then, in answer to the question "Why are people hellbent on using Postgres" I'd say it's to do the kind of searches I described, which are a native feature of spatial databases like PostGIS and Oracle Spatial. We see lots of stories about people running on EC2 and similar services, but the big players are all pretty straight-laced; witness the speed with which Amazon kicked off Wikileaks [1] - within about three days. I don't know how many cloud hosing providers there are - to judge from the way people talk here there's only EC2 and maybe Linode. You'd need a lot of providers if you need a new one every 3 days! [1] http://www.readwriteweb.com/cloud/2010/12/amazon-drops-wikil... Here is a diagram: http://imgur.com/yHbS7 I store paths which are comprised of an ordered sequence of points. Depending on what spatial tool you're using, you might call this a path, a linestring, a line, or an ordinate array. In the diagram the points are black dots and the path is shown in purple. I want to do a bounding box query - finding the paths that are entirely or partly inside a given box. In the diagram, the box I'm querying for is shown in red. As you can see in the diagram, the purple path passes through the red box, but none of the black points defining the path are within the box. I can accomplish this with a single query using Oracle Spatial [1] or PostGIS [2]. It requires that the spatial database understand shapes more complicated than just points. Can elasticsearch? There aren't any examples of this I can find in the documentation. [1] http://docs.oracle.com/cd/B12037_01/appdev.101/b10826/sdo_op... [2] http://postgis.refractions.net/docs/ST_Intersects.html In the universe where, to program it, you need a fully fledged computer to do the development on? I can't personally, as I can't afford a mac. But I see what you mean. There are different senses in which the word 'programmable' can be used - you can program a VCR without ever seeing a line of code! What I assume ekianjo meant was: There is a long standing tradition in the personal computing industry of being able to program on the computer itself without costly extra equipment or software. You look at your BBC Micro, your ZX-81, your TRS-80 they can all be programmed on the device. It was the same with mainframes and servers. Even DOS and Windows had QBASIC. Nowerdays, programming tools can be downloaded over the internet in a few clicks. The PC has always been a device which can not only consume software, but can produce it. Many people in the hacking community see this as a good thing - as a democratisation of creative power, and for educating the next generation of technologists, engineers, scientists and makers. The iPad lacks the ability to program on the device itself. It can only consume software, it cannot produce it. It does not belong to the long, revered tradition of self-programmability. It is in that sense that it is not programmable. But our explanation, that "Lottery tickets are foolish because they have a negative expected return" isn't exactly credible if we think insurance is a good deal. It's my experience that if you offer homeowners the opportunity to gamble all their properties, double-or-nothing on a gamble biased 60:40 in their favor, no-one will take you up on that. Even though the gamble has a positive expected value. My theory is the marginal utility [1] of your first home, which you stand to lose, is greater than the marginal utility of a second home, which you stand to gain. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marginal_utility Wait. Are you really doing that badly? If they've made $124 I'd wager they're doing worse than their business plan calls for, because that's about 17 hours of work at federal minimum wage. While I was at university, every lecture hall data projector had a PC connected to it. Often people would bring their presentations from home on USB memory sticks. Nowerdays there are viruses that spread by USB memory stick - and lie dormant on the computer infecting every USB memory stick that gets plugged in. Needless to say, lecture hall computers quickly became infected - even without any malicious intent on the part of the physically present user. Metadata says "Made with Evan's Movie to GIF Converter www.evanolds.com" which makes fairly modest claims - just that it converts movies to animated GIFs. Life expectancy of a car 150,000 to 300,000 miles [1] Cost of electricity: 6 to 12 cents per kWh [2] Performance of Model S: 300 miles in 85 kWh [3] Cost of Model S: $57,400 to $77,400 [3] Electricity cost: $2,550 to $10,200 Percentage of $57,400 vehicle cost: 4.44% to 17.77% There's also a supercharger 'activation fee' for the models that don't have the highest end battery [4] which presumably rolls in some of that cost. So I agree this is probably economically feasible. Of course, it all depends on what their profit margins are like when they get to serious production, what the charging efficiency is like, how much use Tesla's charge stations get, and how good a deal they can get on their electricity. [1] http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/12040753/ns/business-consumer_ne... [2] http://michaelbluejay.com/electricity/cost.html [3] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tesla_Model_S [4] http://www.teslamotors.com/forum/forums/update-supercharging... Looks good! When you click 'places' the 'cancel' button to close the popup doesn't work for me (Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux x86_64; rv:16.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/16.0 ID:20121010235235) I added a place with a 20 minute radius, then realised I wanted to go back and make it a 30 minute radius. It wasn't obvious how to do that with the UI, I ended up adding another place by mistake. When I have two places, if I choose place 1, adjust the time radius slider, then I choose place 2 I get a new popup and my previous settings change is discarded. Could the changes auto-save, like when you drag and drop the place marker? I'd also suggest, after I've picked a price range, instead of the "Property listings will appear here - click anywhere in the orange areas to see what's available in that area." bit why not auto-click somewhere suitable, removing a step from the UI process? Also, if I could have a house cost heatmap with and without travelcard costs, that would be awesome. At the moment it's easy to visualise travel distances, but a heatmap would let me visualise the travel distance-house cost trade off. What's your source of train time data? Are transfer times taken into account? Some blogs embed "Disqus" comment boxes, which require third party cookies [1]. Me, I can live without blog comments. [1] http://peter.upfold.org.uk/blog/2010/05/12/centralised-comme... I agree that's likely - the only reason I didn't say it is we don't yet know the full layout of Tesla's charger network. There's a few companies that make "pico-ITX" boards that run x86 processors [1]. Mostly low powered chips like Atom, but you can get Core 2 Duo boards if you've got the cash. Prices started around $300 last time I checked. [1] http://www2.warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/eng/meng/wmr/projects/uav/... A Kontron something-or-other, sticker's on the USB port. Similar-looking things (without the heatsink) here: http://uk.kontron.com/products/boards+and+mezzanines/embedde... The article says people will take one way private jet flights and the jet will fly back empty. Perhaps by 'fill space on flights' they mean legs where the jet would otherwise be empty. 3x the length, but only 0.03% the number of coalition troops lost. More allied troops died on an average day in WWII than coalition troops died in the entire Iraq conflict.