There is another level to this anecdote, and that is how HN readers respond to it. It seems that some of them identify with Charles, and some with Alan. Some identify because they are or act like Alan and Charles, or they choose the opposite because they had a bad experience with someone like one of them. In other words, in this case the reader identified with Alan because that best describes how that reader works and acts, and they are just instinctively defending their position, even though, clearly, the parable portrays Charles as the better of the two. (Of course, that could be my bias, as I identify with Charles). It's the low latency that works more than the actual trading algorithm. Algorithms eventually get diluated into the market as there are so many of them. So are you suggesting that IKEA is in the philanthropic business of propping up developing countries? At a loss, they will provide local workers with employment, will hire local construction companies to build unneeded crap just to help them out? Really? I know a large part of IKEA's corporate structure is a non-profit organization, but trust me, that is only to evade taxes. This is a giant corporate entity vs. a giant corrupt government. IKEA is complaining against the complicated bureaucratic nightmare that Russia set up so that it would be easier to extract bribes from companies like IKEA. _Technically_ IKEA is one breaking some local construction safety rules. Somehow I don't see Russians re-writing their crappy laws and regulations to suit IKEA. They might let IKEA ignore some of them... but that is exactly where the bribes come in ;-) So far IKEA is going about it the right way -- shaming Russia on the international level. Great idea! After bombing and raping these people for years, let's now kill their ability to communicate by DOSing their cell network. USA! USA! USA! They have built a section of a brain that has 10K neurons and 30M connections between them and they claim all it is needed is to "just scale it". They might be able to scale the number of neurons to the right amount in the near future (many estimate the number of neurons in the human brain between 10G and 100G). But the biggest problem is the number of neuronal connections. Current estimates on the number of synapses in the human is around 10P (P for peta- i.e. 10^15). That doesn't sound as easy as "just scaling it up". It seems most articles and discussions about the brain talk about the number of neurons and how to get enough processing power to simulate them, the way I see it, the bigger challenge is to be able to simulate the connections between the neurons. The worst part about the polygraph (besides the fact that it is pseudo-science, they migth as well be using voodoo dolls), is that it punishes those who are honest and rewards good liars. Over the years, they eventually they end up with a bunch of lying sociopaths. Once millions of people have bad credit scores and bankruptcies in their credit histories, the social stigma of a bad creditor gets diluted. That becomes a self-reinforcing process. The more individuals default, the less defaulting looks bad. I believe that it was social and moral norms rather than clear cut financial analyses that stopped people from defaulting. It seems those moral norms have changed. People have simply lost faith in the system. They don't care about being nice little creditors, wrought by guilt if they overspent or made bad financial decisions, when the government is handing out hundreds of billions to to-big-to-fail banks. Then as if mocking everyone, banks go ahead and hand out tens of millions as bonuses to their CEOs. I cannot see anyone watching this circus feeling too guilty about screwing up and then not paying back $10000. Everyone, wants a bailout. We've been using CentOS in-house but shipping on Redhat RHEL. I imagine that is fairly common. I wonder if Redhat asked the guy to kill the project (for a small compensation of course), so the only available RHEL binaries are produced and sold by Redhat. We would essentially be forced to get licenses for all our testing and dev machine, which is not cheap. This is definetly troublesome and suspicious. > Besides, the problems now at CentOS are administrative. When the lead developer disappears for a month, without saying anything. Another developer leaves, disgruntled. Nobody knows what happens with the money from donations. Those are very serious problems. The kind of problems that kills a project. I am sorry for overreacting in respect to Redhat. I know you guys are great. We use your product. (Although we do like CentOS more for us dev people and for testing, because it saves us tens of thousands dollars ;-) it's meaningless to say that it's a "new beam of light with identical properties." You can think of it as information (bits). The same information that was encoded was decoded later. It is not as if photons are items on the macro scale, that were somehow labeled (for example, photon #134), then disappeared and reappeared and the scientists compared the label and proclaimed that its the same photon (#134). And my business is my business. We used to use CentOS and now we switched to another open build of RHEL. I have nothing against them, they all seem to be great guys, I would have a beer with them. But the image of the project as a whole has suffered, and because of a lack of perceived stability and reliability we decided to switch. Scientific Linux ( http://www.scientificlinux.org/ ), it's maintained by Fermilab and CERN. I hear you. I would rather choose Ubuntu, but we have to be compatible with RHEL since we have to ship our product on it. We need all the dev boxes running something binary and library-level compatible with it, and then it is easier to have all our servers on same architecture as well. I like it. Using '=' for assignment makes less sense than using Of course, assignment is a very common operation and I would rather use 1 char (:) for it rather than two ( However, if the coffee shop is full of people with laptops, not buying any drinks or food, then customers who walk in, hoping to get a coffee and a muffin, will walk out, because there are too many people there, and not enough seats. The goal of the owners is to module the amount of people sitting in the coffee shop. They (the owners) can setup a schedule to simply disallow wi-fi usage and turn the power off on some outlets during certain busy times of day (lunch for ex.) That is a little subversive because it will be perceived as a confrontation. The other way to do it, is to simply ask the patrons to purchase more food and indicate that the coffee shop is struggling financially. Being honest might work a lot better. So if there is a slow car there, what do you do? Does everyone wait behind them until they turn/exit or decide to switch lanes? So the difference is between "left is a passing lane" and "no passing on the right". In other words, it could be the slow car in the left lane that is breaking the law because it is not passing, just staying there, or it is the other cars that pass on the right that are breaking the law. I am sure the police would rather have both -- ticket those hanging out in the left lane and those passing on the right. Win-win for state/local budget! They showed their lack of technical proficiency. CPU caps should be enforced without having to edit partitions, adding ssh keys to users accounts, asking for root passwords, or manually killing Apache. So to put it bluntly they are very nice and helpful, but stupid. I wouldn't trust them with my data. But I can see how some customers might prefer them, as there is always a nice person on the other end of the line... > ... which can be used only in-process, not between processess. You can use them between processes if you use shared memory. This is useful in realtime or any other low latency applications where one reader or writer cannot be blocked for more than a couple of hundred microseconds. It is basically reimplementing the semaphore but it is controlled by the application. There are no system calls, no threads being suspended. Instead of the busy while loop it might be possible to use a fixed count of iterations or a specific timeout value. This is useful but in a very narrow context. Yes, it is implemented by the hardware. In x86 I believe it is the CMPXCHG assembler instruction. GCC, for example has __sync_val_compare_and_swap(...) function that give you access to the hardware compare and swap. > Hundreds of thousands of mostly very smart and highly educated workers who could be starting companies are not. Alright, but millions of Americans could be starting companies as well, but are not. In fact, America is _not_ as an entrepreneurial country with lots of little small business owners as we'd like to think. That is the propaganda bullshit we get fed on every election cycle "we got help America's small business. We gotta help Joe The Plumber...blah...blah." In fact America businesses are mostly large behemoths employing tens of thousands of minions. There was just a recent report from the Center for Economic and Policy Research ( http://www.cepr.net/index.php/publications/reports/int-comp-... ) that compared employment in small businesses among the developed nations. US is consistently at the bottom when it comes to self-employment or employment in business with less then 20 people. The biggest reason -- the high cost of health insurance. So I don't buy the bullshit about "if immigrants could only start their companies, then our economy would boom..." Unless, of course, the author is implying that immigrants are going to run sweatshops where employees don't get health insurance... > But those same startups have to jump through a million hoops just for the right to exist in our borders. > I don't claim to know to what extent our economy could be affected positively or negatively, but it is real. The question then is, who are we trying to help here? Do we want to help the immigrants or the American economy? Unless, we can show how the hassle of immigrants trying to setup startup is seriously damaging our economy, then this starts to look more and more like we just want to provide some convenience for the immigrant workers. Of course, we should provide convenience, and should certainly not make it difficult on purpose, but that is not a top priority. We shouldn't be called xenophobes if we don't push this task to the priority of our things to do at the moment. I agree. This is like trying to fix the high rate of injuries by getting more band-aids. To me it seems the article is advocating changing the legislation to make it more convenient for immigrant workers. That is of course followed by a stern warning to us 'xenophobes' that if we don't our economy will be ruined. They should instead advocate for punishing large corporations for gaming the system, underpaying H1-B employees and depressing everyone else wages. For every 'smart' and 'bright' H1-B visa candidate there are a thousand of unqualified ones, with flaky academic or employment history record. The reason they are here, because they are willing to work for %30 less than Americans are. It's nice to help India's economy, or China or Russia. Unfortunately, US is not in the charitable business of helping developing economies. It depends on the field. Some fields prefer 4 year degrees, some prefer portfolios, some prefer graduate degrees. Computer science is probably more of a 4 year + portfolio. Yeah, MS degrees are nice, but unless it was in the topic a company is interested in, it is probably better to have some code examples. In general, it seems college education has been over-inflated and over-hyped. It is the next bubble to burst probably. The more Uncle Sam was willing shell out money for student loans, the more collages started increasing their tuition. And one cannot just declare bancruptcy and wash away these loans. My college, at least, increased the tuition every year since 2000 then started building bigger stadiums, shopping malls, and recreation halls. At the same time crusty old professors stuck in the 70s didn't teach anything relevent to today world, while at the same time boasting how easy they personally have it, how stable their job is, encouraging students to become professors, so they can also get tenure and stop working and become a new generation of crusty old professors ... Somehow I got a feel my college was not unique in this respect. Not necessarily, it depends who controls the trade. There is rarely such a thing as "free trade" or "free market" -- it is a pipe dream. Trade is mostly about controls, tariffs and subsidies. Usually the powerful side control the trade. > largest free trade zone right here in the US. That is true, but I thought we are talking about internation trade. That is very sad. I remember growing up in USSR, they had very good doctors. They didn't have carpeted hospitals, TVs in every hospital room, or fancy technology but doctors were good. I remember when I was 11 I broke my front teeth on a bycicle. We went to the dentist. He sat me in the chair and said "Well, cosmonaut, let's see what we can do", and he rebuilt my teeth in 2 days. All he got in return from my mom and I were flowers and a thank you. There was no insurance, no co-pays, none of that bullshit. And I still have the same teeth he rebuilt now 20 years later. I heard that doctor moved to live in Canada... > Zoltan never lost a radar to a HARM missile. That is very impressive. If he only had serious computing power, enough cell phone towers, and plenty of fiber-optic cable, he could have triangulated the position of steal bombers from the interference patterns. Also, old Soviet radars operate on longer wavelengths and interestingly enough are sometimes more effective at detecting stealth aircraft. > Also, stories about Milosevic's regime are wildly over-shot by the western propaganda. I am American and I did a bit of research on the war with Serbia and have to say that you are correct. We have been fed some very good propaganda. The most interesting point was how CIA was arming Albanians and encouraging them to provoke the Serbs. Also most Americans are un-ware (again very good propanda efforts were made), that Serbian atrocities started after the bombings. Those attrocities are still atrocities and are in no way justified, but their portail in the Western media is terribly skewed. It was very interesting to find out that at the same time as we were supposed to "prevent atrocities" in Serbia we dramatically increased Turkey's arms shiptment quota so they can bomb Kurdish villages. It was a quid-pro-quo kind of deal. Turkey said if you "bomb and use our airspace, then we want to bomb too." And bomb they did, big time. About 3000 Kurdish villages were destroyed. > What sticks out in my mind most is how happy Zoltan and his buddies are to celebrate defending the mass murders and rapes of Milosevic's Serbian Socialist Party. And with a cake in the shape of a plane. Just like von Braun was "happy" to bomb London with his rockets and killing many more concentration camp workers who were building his rockets. Somehow, Americans didn't mind making him their space age hero. Not to even mentions Japanese "scientists" that were directly involved in horrendous bio-"experiments" on Chinese, but were never brought to trial, and instead went to become heads of big pharma companies in Japan. So if we want to talk about some kind of guilt-by-association, we should first examine our own track record. > Or is kosher to kill civilians just as long as it's the USAF doing it? Sadly, that describes the NATO position very well. There are "worthy victims" and "unworthy victims." Victims of our allies are "unworthy": if Isreal, Turkey, or some banana owned by the CIA is killing, then we never hear about it who died, we don't know their names, we don't see interviews on CNN with grieving relatives. If it is our enemies' killing anyone, then the victims become automatically "martirs" and we hear their personal stories, we know their names and watch the grieving families on TV. > No need to play semantics here. Propaganda is all about redefinition of words and skewing of semantics. Clinton administration did a remarcable job with propagnda during the war in Bosnia. All the little pseudo-intellectual lapdogs at the time were writing in their little foreign policy journals how we entered into a new era, where US is a beacon of freedom and hope, and from now on we'll only have wars with pure humanitarian reasons. Yet, not one unit was lost. So they can certainly "relish" now, while they eat their F-117 cake. Try this book: Intelligence and the War in Bosnia: 1992-1995 (Perspectives on Intelligence History) by Cees Wiebes. Then: Kosovo and the Metaphor War by Roland Paris (Political Science Quarterly, Volume 117, Number 3, Fall 2002) is a good analysis of how metaphors of previous wars and events were used to promote the war. For 10x infation of number of deaths by NATO propaganda machine in preparing for war try: Kosovo: Orders of Magnitude by Adam Jones (IDEA Journal, Volume 5, Number 1, July 2000). On the media portrail and lack of journalistic impartiality try: Ruigrok, Nel., Schoenbach, Klaus., Scholten, Otto. and De Ridder, J.. "Covering the Bosnian War: ‘Journalism of Attachment’ in Dutch Newspapers" Paper presented at the annual meeting of the International Communication Association, Dresden International Congress Centre, Dresden, Germany, Jun 16, 2006 ( http://www.allacademic.com/meta/p92731_index.html ) Also note that there was a humanitarian catastrophy and there were certainly terible masacres going before the bombings and there were on both sides and have been going on for centuries. But after March 24, 1999 the Serbian attrocities intensified terribly. You can listen to press reports around the time. For example Clinton says on March 24, 1999 that the reason for the war is "to deter an even bloodier offensive against innocent civilians in Kosovo and, if necessary, to seriously damage the Serbian military’s capacity to harm the people of Kosovo." However intelligence reports warned him that bombing will actually intensify the attacks and that is exactly what happened. The large number of victim from these retaliatory attacks were then used as the reasons for the bombing. > I'm pretty sure that is a blatantly false statement. Well, do you have any sources? Please show that the number of claimed dead and missing Albanians (around 100,000) by NATO media monkeys was true as that was used to justify the war. Please show evidence that US had purely humanitarian objectives, and reasons for US not getting involved in much larger humanitarian crises in Africa, South America, Asia (especially Laos, Cambodia and Indonesia). Some of then occuring simoultaneusly with the Kosovo war (hint: try Indonesia, it's a easy one). So I am guessing the European Court of Human Rights condemning Turkey for human rights violations against civilians from 1984-1999 is just bogus? ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Turkey#European... ) Alright, "my facts" are that European Court has consitently condemned Turkey for human right violations agains Kurds. "Your facts" are that you claim to have Kurdish friends. I think, I'll stick to "my facts" for now... You are right, it is never as black-and-white as we'd like to think. But innocent civilians being killed are innocent civilians being killed. It doesn't matter who's killing or what color their skin or what religion they are. There are terrible killing and attrocities still going on in the world. We should do something about it if we can. But if we don't or we can't. We shouldn't lie about it, and pretend we do while we have completely different motives for our foreign war "adventures" I wouldn't mind if the government actually told everyone what its real motives are. Perhaps there will be less support for war, or perhaps there won't. At least we won't be lied to. > As an Albanian, I take offense at what you are saying. Serbian regime has always been represessive and very similiar to the Apartheid, where 10-15% of the population (Serbians), rule with the iron fist over the majority. I agree with that. I never said that Serbians didn't commit attrocities. What I a blaming here is the Western propaganda machine (well ok, not Western, mostly NATO i.e. American) for lying. Would you deny the facts that Serbian paramilitary forces intensified their attacks greatly after the bombing started? I am not saying there we no masacres before, it is just that US knew it would get worse afterwards, they knew international observers would withdraw, but they decided to bomb anyway. Then they lied through their teeth when they used the victims of the retaliatory attacks of the Serbs to justify the bombings. Yes, it was Serbian army who killed, but US (a suposedly rational country) knew that Slobodan would react in that way, and they didn't give a fuck. So it wasn't about humanitarian help, it was about saber rattling and not letting NATO get embarrassed in the middle of Europe. It was not too long after USSR fell, European Union was gainging strength and US and NATO had to show the world who is boss. Yes, as a result they helped Albanians, and it is hard to play the "what if" game and guess what happened if they never went it. But they definetly didn't go in because they love Albanians or they cannot tollerate attrocities in the world. Look at Turkey and Indonesia -- both US clients that committed attrocities and nobody in US is bothered by it. Would you be willing to spend $100k in 4 years to be "part of the group dynamics" ? Perhaps so. The university is a networking place, a place to meet future business partners. There is some value in that. Or perhaps,going to a particular university has become a singaling mechanism to communicate "my family is rich and can afford to send me here", or "I am so smart I was picked from 10,000 candidates to attend this prestigious college. That makes me special." and so on ... I am just not sure that a $100k worth of student loans is a good price for that. Someone can already be a part of community life, participate in open source projects, go to conferences , sprints, etc. It might be exactly the same but for someone not having that $100k is certinaly a good enough option. > When I first arrived I read and signed a piece of paper. You should have made the university sign a paper saying it wasn't going to cheat you out good learning environment. A university where it is possible to cheat and it is part of the culture is also cheating you out of your money and learning. I think telling what you just told here to an employee should make them not look at your GPA as much, and you probably don't really want to work for a company that looks at GPA only. Alright, then paying $100k in student loans for social interaction is a little screwed up. I am not saying it doesn't work, just that it is a little crazy. I think universities are the next bubble to burst, they have inflated their grades and their tuition so much, it is ridiculous. In the meantime, they are full of professors who have tenure and sit on their behinds all day not doing anything, or being too absorbed into their research and not giving a damn about undergraduate students who pay thousands of dollars per credit hour to be there. Apprenticeships would work great. Some colleges have co-op in their engineering collages. Those are great. They put you behind one year, but at the end of 5 years, you end up with 1 year of professional experience under your belt. That makes you much more hirable. Or you can have oral exams and make the student travel once at the end of each quarter to be examined by a panel of professors. Or assign open-ended problems to each individual student. Or have more project assignments that would illustrate or require understanding the theory. One of the reasons to have the machine is actually to prevent Russian hot-headed generals from pushing the "launch" button too quickly. That is why the existence of the machine wasn't really made known to the West. It makes perfect sense to still keep it online. Perhaps, because it is online, we haven't seen WWIII yet. > Who is controlling this system now that the Soviet Union is no more? I would guess a branch of FSB or FAPSI ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FAPSI ). > Is there any reason not to tear it down and, if not, why hasn't it been? They will, as soon US will tear their systems down. I just use gcc to compile the code. That way I know what subset I am using and the rest of the code is using. What is sad is that there is not much we can do. As voters we push a lever every 2 years as part of a very commercialized and marketed campaigns. After that our participation ends except for the "little" paying of taxes part. The people we vote for are loyal to the companies and political interests that actually promote them into power. Then there is the revolving door between government agencies and the banks and other big companies. All the SEC big wigs are the same big wigs that were running the major banks and investment companies. And the same goes for FDA, Department of Agriculture and any other government agencies. They might as well just merge the two -- if a company becomes "too big to fail", it should just become a part of the government because in effect that what is happening. So if our goal is "to create wealth", technology is not the way to go. Create a bank and become "too big too fail" -- then we'll get 0% loans and we can boast about great profits that "exceed analysts expectations" every quarter. You mean programmers are human sometimes. That does not compute on HN ;-) The vacuum pot ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vacuum_coffee_maker ) appeals to the geek in us. The brew is supposed to be more "pure". I think just like with smoking, coffee brewing is a ritual and people enjoy the ritual just as much as they enjoy the taste and the effects of coffee itself. I like tea. Recently I have gotten to like this strange black tea called pu-erh ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pu-erh_tea ). I you like black tea, give it a try it definetly has a unique flavor. Some people really like it, some really hate it. I'll second that. They have good customer support. Most people seem to regard corporations as moral entities. These companies screwed up. We bailed them out. We expect them to lower their heads in shame, tighten up their belts, ask forgiveness, and promise to not do it again. When they don't act according to our "moral" expectations, we turn everything into a public spectacle, articles start pouring in, blogs are on fire with outrage etc etc.. The problem is that we screwed up at the first step -- companies are not moral entities. They like to present themselves as such (ex. Google's "Do no evil, except when you have to turn in a couple of Chinese dissents over to their government to be imprisoned for life...") > ... these are communities of living people - each with its own tiny culture. There are problems with these places that I don't know how to solve, but their gradual decay is sad in the same way that the destruction of cultures all over the world is sad. But if they are not self-sustainable then who will subsidize them. Should everyone's taxes go towards supporting unsustainable communities out in the middle of nowhere? There are lot of communities with their own culture. It gives us a fuzzy and warm feeling to think about the quiet little town and the local gathering at a local diner in the morning to chat and sociailize. But at the end of the day, if they are all living on welfare, we can only have so many such small towns. Often economic reality is at odds with our warm fuzzy feelings. This is one of those instances. That is probably tied into immigration and welfare policies. An illegal worker from Mexico will pick potatoes for $4/hour, while a poor black person who is a US citizen will probably refuse the same job even at $8/hour (or whatever the minimum wage is these days). A black person will probably rely on welfare. An illegal worker does not have access to the same level of welfare. They should have also broken it down by the income level. > They should do this kind of graph for health care coverage. Some topics are not appropriate for public discourse as far as large media corporations are concerned. We are not supposed to discuss the number of bankruptcies / year due to health care costs, or how health insurance is linked to employment and since there is a high un-employment, there is probably a large number of un-insured individuals as well. And how on the first accident any one of those uninsured will probably blow through their life savings, credit card accounts and eventually declare bankruptcy. I gave up on cable as well. I get my news online and then I subscribe to Netflix. I have the 2-at-a-time plan + all I can watch online. I've watched most of the movies I wanted to see during the years and soon enough I'll switch to one-at-time $9/month plan + all I can watch online. My laptop has an HDMI output so all the online movies look decent. In 3 years, I can't say I miss having TV. But what has happened is that I get a lot more irritated with commercials whenever I am someone's house and they have the TV on. I am sure at the end of the 19th century horse drawn carriage makers faced a dismal future as well. Some professions simply die down and become irrelevant. Interestingly enough this already happened to the Airforce in the late 60s. Airforce was running manned spy satellite missions, but because of the cost and the danger involved, those missions were being canceled in favor of unmanned satellite missions. So this is basically a repeat for Airforce. Or a higher priority than endless wars for oil overseas. But I digress... The reason is because most people can still afford food in US, but cannot afford $3k/day hospital stays. > ... without the high costs of private health care, there will not be enough funding to assist with advances in medicine. I think that is the token defense phrase used by the big pharma companies. In fact they spend more on marketing and advertising than on research. A lot of research is actually done by the public universities. One does not need to trademark names in US. I have to agree. Google should have known better before naming a new language "go" in 2009. It is hard to believe, they didn't think by now someone else would have come up with that name for a language. Or did assume they would just throw a bunch money and lawyers at whoever comes out claiming the name. Something similar happened to http://www.wxwidgets.org (ex-wxWindows). Microsoft payed the author some money and he changed the name of the project. I don't think that would be such a bad outcome. It seems that eventually after a particular programming paradigm (for ex. parallel, functional etc.) establishes itself, only a few programming languages will rise to the top that happen to express the ideas in that paradigm in a more clear and concise way. For example, imagine describing a sorting algorithm to someone and you decide that it should be done in an imperative and sequential way (not functionally or without any parallelism involved). Describing it in English is too ambiguous and verbose, x86 assembly is probably too presice and too hardware specific, a turing machine program is too theoritical and too rigurous. So then you make something up, and I think eventually it looks similar to Python, Ruby or Pascal. However, in practice the language itself is not worth much outside academia unless it comes with a solid library. At the end of the day, the user of the language will have to open network connections, render web pages, access databases and draw GUIs. If the language doesn't let them do that, no matter how elegant it is it will remain just a toy language. > Real Information Theory, as opposed to Data Transmission Theory, has to take into account the receiver. The transmitter has to have a model of the receiver, and then devise the data that will transform the receiver according to the intent of the transmitter. It seems that in general, for any two entities the level of the abstraction used for communication between them, should be the highest common level of abstraction that both of the two entities can operate in. Take your example of the mathematician. If he is using an application that understands what a topological space or a mobius strip is, it seems then he can use those terms in the language that he uses to communicate to the computer. Some computers understand what a Vector is. One can refer to vectors in the language used to communicate with that machine. For example a command like "multiply vector a and vector b" would seem reasonable. However if the machine is just a bare x86 box without any operating system, it will not "understand" what a vector is so one has to "talk" to it in terms of registers, memory and IO ports and so on. This idea of course leads into DSLs. A machine can rise very high on the abstraction level scale today but the abstraction will be confined to a very narrow domain usually. > As for libraries, this is becoming less and less of an issue. With .NET and the JVM, you have a single set of libraries that works with any compatible language and allows language designers to focus on what they're good at: the language. Yes, the language does't have to come with its own libraries. It can piggy-back on some other libraries. If there was just one operating system. with a good and stable API the language might not need any libraries, just the ability to make system calls. So for .NET and java, Sun and Microsoft already did the hard work as far as library code is concerned so any language on those platforms is already miles ahead of a new lanuage without any "batteries". Interestingly enough, if an API is stable and well designed, a language could be created to take a better advantage of it. I am currently looking at Vala, it basically started as a better language than C that would take advantage of glib. I think the goal is to find work that minimizes the need for escapist entertainment. I might be lucky but I consider my job to be fun. In other words I consider programming and problem solving to be fun, and just lucked out and found someone to pay me for it. Sometimes even when I go home I still think about work problems. I certainly don't have to and it is not related to deadlines, it is just what I enjoy doing. Is my employer getting more work-time from me without paying over-time? - Yes, but I don't feel exploited or forced to do it. I could be just a matter of volume. The volume ratio is greater than the concentration ratio. You can say the same thing about espresso vs. soda -- drinking a shot of espresso will probably result in less caffeine than downing a large soda bottle. For example 1oz a espresso would have about 70mg of caffeine, which is less than 20oz of Diet Coke (80mg of caffeine). On a somewhat related topic. I find Paul Falstad's circuit simulator applet simply amazing. I had spent hours playing with it. ( http://falstad.com/circuit/ ) [that page will start a Java applet). Checkout his other physics applets. I like all the Quantum ones along with the antenna simulator. I am convinced that many wineries should sell the same wine for different prices. They could sell the same wine for $7/bottle, $30/bottle and $125/bottle. Of course the $125 should have a different label and should be marketed a lot differently but the wine itself doesn't have to change. I personally just buy a big jug of dark red cooking wine. I can't tell the difference between it and the other more expensive wine, and I refuse to spend more money for snoberry (note: I have nothing against others paying that much if it makes them feel good/better). > I don't know how LexisNexis Westlaw are going survive. I don't think they will. I interviewed with them and there was a general atmosphere of desperation, suggestions of needing to work weekends and hollidays. I mentioned Google to them and how Google will eventually want to get access to _public_ court records, and it seems like that question made them really uncomfortable. Well, they enjoyed their (virtual?) monopoly for so many years, now Google gets to enjoy theirs. I was saying that I couldn't taste the difference and according to the article, many other people can't either. They are essentially tasting the label and the marketing, which is why the marketing and the label should look different in both cases. They are people more sophisticated and better at wine tasting, but there are a lot of people who just follow irrational marketing cues. Yes the boxed wine tastes better. I also keep it in the refrigerator and take some out some time before drinking it and let it sit. I think that's called "decantering" but I din't know when I started doing it, it just made the wine taste better. > but what about 10 or 12 digit passwords? Just wondering if this has been at all effective. Most passwords out there are very insecure because they use words that look, sound or are composed of words from dictionaries, that increases the likelihood of cracking the password quite a bit. They can essentially split the load, let some machine brute force sequentially and others perform a dictionary attack. Even better they should generate a custom dictionary by dumping the strings from any non-encrypted data from the same user. That is what I would do at least. > You'll be crippled trying to learn things like decimals, fractions, exponents or god forbid algebra or calculus if whenever you have to add you have to be "making ten" in your head. It needs to be memorized. /joke: they should just start with category theory -- it will produce a fine new generation of HN readers ;-) > Thus we have convoluted methods of teaching addition like this that in some way do make sense, but are mostly just another layer of confusion. I think everyone conceptualizes and encodes basic arithmetic stuff in their own way. Some memorize it symbolically, some visualize, some think of number lines, graphs and so on. Trying to "help" by providing tables, coins and all kind of "aides" just confuses some students who started to encode it differently. I think they should start with memorization, and let each individual develop they own heuristics and shortcuts. When those abstract shortcuts are enforced and don't match with the ones a person is already using, it can get confusing. Theoretically none. Quantum computers are universal Turing machines. The main advantage of quantum computers is speedup. 5 years ago (when I took a couple of courses in QC) there were basically 2 quantum algorithms -- Shor's factorization and Grover's search. The former speeds up integer factorization (and discrete logarithm) and brings it to polynomial time, and the later speeds up search from O(n) to O(sqrt(n)). So just being able to quickly factor integers breaks a lot of encryption algorithms, and a faster search would really help with data processing. One of the main difficulty with quantum computers is quantum de-coherence. Qubits when they are entangled must be isolated from the outside environment until the final result measurement is taken. That is what is preventing the creation of large, multi-qubit computers. For example, it would be useful to have a 1024 qubit machine to simultaneously represent all 1024 bit states. Quantum error correction might solve the problem, but we are yet to see practical quantum computers. Well unless users work for NSA, are somehow aware of encryption algorithms, are concerned about protecting their data, or are interested in factoring large numbers, this would not interest them much. Grover's search algorithm however, will speedup searching. It would be possible to search very large databases in a much shorter time : O(sqrt(n)) instead of O(n). Of course, many problems are based on searching so it is hard to enumerate all the possible end-user visible effects of this. You are right, thank you. I embarrassingly forgot quantum cryptography. Idealy only an index would be searched. For example when a sorting algorithm is presented, typically we assume that items are just integers. So if the database itself is huge, one would take a column and feed that into the quantum computer along with a matching function and a search item and the output would be the position of the item in the column. In general it is assumed that 'items' are integers. That is general enough. But since no practical implementations exist, still we still don't know how it would work in the real world with a real database. Here is a more in depth (and somewhat dramatic) explanation: For N, items to be search, it would take log2(N) qubits (that's enough to represent all N states). The matching function would have to be a quantum gate/operator. In other words, matching is performed in the quantum world. The idea behind quantum algorithms is to encode the input in a set of qubits, then make them interact in a way that creates a superposition of states. A superposition of states can be thought of as sending the input into a 'magic' quantum world, where N qubits simoultaneously represent all 2^N binary states. Then a set of quantum operators (gates) are applied to the state vector, while it is still in this magic quantum world. All is fine and dandy (provided that we can mentain the whole quantum world in a stable/isolated state). Then the 'sad' part is that once we measure the result and bring it into the 'real' world, the whole 'magic' quantum world collapses on itself, and only one particular state out of 2^N emerges. The trick is then to apply the quantum operators such that the probability of the quantum world collapsing to one particular 2^N state is increased. In case of Grover's algorithm that is what happens. The quantum operators increase the probability of the quantum state collapsing to the matched index. It is a probabilistic algorithm in the sense that it might have to be run a couple of times. EDIT: removed stupid spelling errors There was a story a while ago when IRS went after someone who was fixing their friends' and neighbours' cars and didn't ask for money in return. He was retired and he liked working on cars and he did it for free. IRS claimed he should have reported it as income. In respect to money being a measure of wealth, was he "theoretically" becoming wealthy and acruing "good will". Later by changing his mind and asking for favors from his neighbors he could "cash in" his "good will" but avoid paying income and sale taxes on it. I think it depends what you do with your toolbox. Most people have a limited amount of working memory and filling it with syntax rules + library APIs of 15 programming languages is not best way to get most tasks done (unless the task is to learn as many languages as possible). I would prefer to know as few languages and APIs as possible that let me get my work done. Python is one of the languages and the other one is C. C is for doing realtime stuff and Python is for everything else (setup, network IO, GUI, web, etc). Unlike the author of the artice I like using Twisted and it works reasonably well for what I am doing. > The problem with these sorts of statements is that nearly everything is insignificant compared to something else. The UK shouldn't bother about efficient energy use or renewable sources as China is a far greater consumer and anything we do will be insignificant. You were being sarcastic, but that is a very good point. I am tired of feel-good "stop taking hot showers" + "ask for paper bags at the store" kind of articles aimed at individual consumers. Sure it makes the writer feel good, it makes the consumer feel good -- they are all working together to save the planet. But if they really wanted to have an impact they should aim the article at the government and the big industrial giants. Instead of "stop taking hot showers" the article should say "write your representative". Because even a million people taking cold showers might not make as much difference for the environment as installing a single scrubber on a coal plant, or forcing P&G to stop dumping tons of crap into the air. Those are the things that really make a difference. But somehow those things don't get talked about in the mainstream media. Then we have China and it is a real big problem. How does one make China cut down on its coal plants? Can they claim that they are still industrializing, so they shouldn't adhere to the same rules as the rest of the 'already developed' world? Can we tell them what to do when we are also major offenders? Want to do something, talk to your congressman. Get involved, get the media involved... And I am not advocating to start buying Hummers and letting our hot water run all night, but we shouldn't delude ourselves that it actually makes a real difference. We do it because it is a good thing to do, it make us feel warm and fuzzy but that is about it. In case of encrypted data, can't the US government legally force one to disclose passwords following a raid? In other words they might raid a company, they find encrypted hard drives so they ask for passwords. Then does revealing passwords fall under "self-incriminating" or not revealing them fall under "obstructing justice"? And "lost" here means "unknown to the editors of NY Times". I remember studying about the Cucuteni culture in the 5th grade. Here is a link with more info on it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cucuteni-Trypillian_culture > A 50mbps pipe for $150 a month will do wonders compared to your ancient cable modem. Isn't it more about latency then throughput? If the machine->ISP->broker is closer network-wise (say 20 ms RTT) on a 1mbps DSL line, you'll execute trades faster than on a 50mbps FIOS but with a 80ms RTT. And then, in general, after a couple of milliseconds the news have already been "factored" into the market by all the quants and their $100,000 hyper-optimized system. I have always been suspicious of "get rich by trading". Sure there are a lot of successful day traders but I don't think we see all the losers so we get a skewed picture of the risk/return. Now if I get my hands on that sweet 4 monitory setup, I'll attach a model M IBM keyboard to it and fire up some emacs windows with some Python or Haskell code in them instead of playing the lottery. I am sorry I didn't qualify my statement but I am from Eastern Europe. So we learned about it quite early. I was being sneaky a little but the point was that when it come to "the oldest artifact...X", the "earliest...Y" it should be something that is taught and studied world-wide. The downside is that we didn't study much American history, or at least not as much as I would have liked. I like it. But I already use elinks in a terminal (most current Linux distros make elinks availble). Here is how I run it: $ elinks news.ycombinator.com Then: Select story/comment : "Up" and "Down" arrows. Open story/comment : "Enter" Go back to previous page : "Back" arrow. Quit : "q" Nah, just HN. It's a minimalistic and clean enough site that elinks (and my eyes!) can handle. > What exactly makes Eisner a "sociopath" and Brin & Page "normal decent people"? Because Google proclaimed that they will "do no evil". So therefore they are not evil ... fire up your blogs praising Google in 1...2.... Of course a few dissidents who were turned in by Google to face long prison sentences in countries with oppressive regimes might have something to say about the track record of the "do no evil" policy, but somehow everyone already forgot about that. Once a company outgrows its founders, becomes a publically-traded behemoth, it is really not that different from other publically-traded behemoths. Some just learn from the mistakes of others, and handle their marketing and PR better (e.g. Microsoft is considered the "Evil Empire" so we will market ourselves as "good" on the moral spectrum). For instance, it helped Google's PR tremendously to take a "moral stand" as a company. Perhaps their cost-analysis showed that when they do something immoral nobody will notice and they'll use their awesome marketing skill, and everyone will forgive and forget. It worked great in that respect. But that typifies sociopathic behavior. Now I am not blaming Google too much. I think it is the legal environment that creates a Darwinian competition where sociopaths rise to the top. If companies had personalities (I don't think they do, at least not to the extent that everyone anthropomorphizing them), most would be diagnosed as dysfunctional sociopaths. Those that aren't, we never hear about. No offense but "queried" them is a little loaded as well. Can't imagine these dissidents displayed their, name and address in the open. So "queried" is more like, "turning in the IP address and the time-stamp" at the request of the Chinese government. And I don't really buy the "we have no idea why the Chinese govt. would want these" possible excuse from Google. Never-mind their active participation in blocking information and issues relating to Tibet and thus contributing to the problem. Well, I expected to get down-voted on HN for even alluding that Google would do something wrong, and for not worshiping Sergey & Larry. This is definetly Google fanboy country. "Hail Almighty Google!" -- there, fixed it now. Let the points roll in. That's part of the design. Judging by the use and adoption of AK-47 I'd say it is a better weapon in general than M16. Usually an inacurate weapon is better than a stuck weapon when the soldier is facing an enemy. The later is true. There is a large, high througput, revolving door between DoD and large contractors. Yesterday's generals are today's board members and C*Os of large defense contractors. When something is purchased, or a bid is chosen, it is often because of those conections not because a product is inherently better. The result is a lot of overpriced, under-performing equipment. The amount of waste is just ridiculous, even for a $650 billion market ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_United_States_federal_budg... ). OK, so they shot a smaller, faster moving target. The original point still stands. It was an F-117. Yes, most "F" aircraft are air-to-air fighter aircraft. However F-117 is mostly used to attack ground targets, so it's "F" should be more like an "A" (If you want to nitpick that is ;-) ) > Iran has nuclear technology now, so they're no longer idiots, just evil dobaddies. As opposed to other "smart" countries that have nuclear technology but are noble dogoodies? Try this http://wholehealthsource.blogspot.com/2009/03/reversing-toot... > Who better to run a food company than someone who has worked in the USDA? Are you asking as the food company, or as the proverbial "concerned citizen?" Because I would want the USDA to work for me, since I am paying my taxes. I want it to do its job and protect me from Kraft selling me salmonela infested cookie dough. It is hard for USDA to do that when they expect to be hired by Kraft and be payed large bonuses and salaries in the future. > The real issue is that our government can too easily reward individual companies or industry groups with hand-outs. The other serious problem is that individual companies can easily 'reward' (read 'bribe') their friends in high places so they can turn a blind eye and in turn harm the public. I have the naive desire to have a government that would take care and protect its citizens. I don't have the time and the resources to carry a microscope and a bacterial toolkit to the grocery store when I buy meat or eggs. I expect to pay my taxes and USDA to do its job. Exactly. I believe that people in third-world countries can be a lot more motivated when it comes to learning and harnessing new technologies, simply because they might have a lot more at stake. Unlike in the past, nowadays it is relatively easy to gain access to technical knowledge. If someone has access to the web and knows enough English they are basically at the same distance from information (=1) as someone in a developed world. All it takes is a lot of time and persistence. So there might be third-world countries but there are no third world people. The danger is when managers think of themselves as engineers. This is like asking an un-experienced driver to drive fast. Or an un-exprerience scuba diver to go deeper. I remember that I didn't code fast in my CS1 classes. The reason was because it was scary. The compiler and all syntax errors seemed cryptic. Now one of the goals of the class should be to make students not afraid of trying things out. To get there they have to understand the tools and the basics. Having a good langauge + compiler/interpreter definetly helps. For example, Python's REPL is a way to try things fast. Especially when used with something like ipython, where you can explore an object's methods as you type. C/C++ and gcc is not so great in this respect. You get a segementation fault, and the next thing you do is pepper code with print statements or fire up gdb. Now they have another problem to solve -- how to use gdb. Very useful, but perhaps not for someone in CS1, unless CS1 as a filter and its purpose is to scare everyone away. Well said. It is amazing how much motivation the danger of a bleak future could be. That is basically my story. In my country (in Easter Europe) there were plenty of dead beats in the school, but they never left the country. Some of them are now in jail, many are living in the proverbial "van down by the river". I made it out not because I was the smartest but because I was persistent. What made the most difference for me personally was: 1. I saw my parents lose their jobs and strugle trying to make ends meet. 2. My parents encouraged me to learn from at very young age. For example: When my father would take the back cover of our old vacuum tube TV to clean it from dust, he would call me over and tell me what each of the components did and how electrons flowed and so on. I thought it was the best thing in the world. Another example: When I was 12 my mom, spent a month of her salary on a ZX Spectrum computer. I didn't ask her to. She just saw the way I looked at it and she knew it would help me to have one. Well, I loved it and I learned English just so I can use my new computer and read all the docs and write BASIC and Z80 assembly. That in turn, helped me pass a series of english proficiency tests need to get a scholarship to come to US. Long story short, I've been living in US ever since, doing what I love --programming. I'll bring my parent over soon as well. Note: School wasn't in my 2 bullet points above. And that is because school is secondary. It will not teach anything if the student doesn't already want to learn. They will provide the tests and homeworks, students will get marks to show they know how to take the particular test or do the particular homework. That is all. To rise above, there has to be an internal motivation. Both security theatre and terrorism is about managing perceptions. One is just a response to the other in the public + media domain. Also government will do whatever it takes to seem like it is doing something. Lots of rules, directives with cryptic long numbers separated by dashes, TSA employees with uniforms resembling those of real police officers, etc, etc. This is all very very different than actually doing something or making anything safe. > If you've designed something well, then all changes can be easily accommodated. I disagree with that. If you can easily accomodate any changes it means you probably over-designed and over-generalized and made your solution too complicated. > But to "design something well" requires omniscience, because it depends on understanding the problem, and in what ways that problem will likely change in future. Yes, that is the problem. A lot of good programmers are prone to over-generalizing, even for code that should be simple and straight-forward. Sometimes it pays off, but not always. > Fred Brooks: Build one to throw away. You will anyway. I tend to approach programming as experimentation. "Let's build something and try it out" kind of approach. Then "if it works, we'll enhance it, otherwise we'll throw it away and try something else". It seems wasteful but with a language like Python it is easy to prototype things out. I would say that ontologies built by hand won't scale well. It would take humans to understand ontologies perfectly and consistently to build a good ontology. But humans don't understand ontologies that well, it is just not how we think. In the sense that one person's interpretation might be different than another person's. So which interpretation should be encoded in the system? I probably should qualify the above by saying that lower level and domain specific ontologies might be manageble. That is where a lot of work has been done. The problem is moving up the hierarchy of abstraction where the ontology meets encoding of common-sense items. Cyc has tried for years to encode common sense rules and terms in hopes that it would approximate human common sense. But problem I see with that approach is that humans (those entering the rules in the system for example) themselves don't know how common sense is encoded. They just know it, but it is hard to formalize that knowledge and it is very much personalized. I am glad Schneier's article got on cnn.com. General public would benefit greatly from reading this. Unlike other pundits and "experts" he actually knows what he is talking about when it comes to security. To paraphrase my comment to a related thread: both security theatre and terrorism is about managing _perceptions_. One is just a response to the other in the public and media domain. Therefore, the government will respond using theatircs and flare. They will do whatever it takes to _seem_ like they is doing something. Lots of rules, directives with cryptic long numbers separated by dashes, TSA employees with uniforms resembling those of real police officers, etc, etc... This is quite different than actually making anything or anybody any more safe. Another point worth mentioning is that TSA has yet to show at least one foiled or stopped terrorist attempt in all these years since its existence. Nevermind that they still have not justified their existence by stopping at least one bomb from going through. Rules, directives will long number and dashes between them, expensive x-ray detectors, is just the theatre, they still have not done their job, at least once in all these years. Some will say "well their very existence prevented any terrorist from even trying to get a bomb through" which is just as valid as "their very exitence prevented pink elephants from Mars from landing and stomping us all to death." > The TSA doesn't want to look like a bunch of idiots if something like this happens again because they did nothing to prevent it. With this, they're doing something and people, on some level, like it or are at least comforted by it. In general terrorism and security theatre is about managing perceptions. They are two sides of the same coin. Terrorists are not in the business of killing as many people as possible they are in the business of scaring as many people as possible. Likewise the reponse of the government -- TSA is not in the business of making traveling safe, they are in the business of _seeming_ to make traveling safe. They provide the comfort of the witch doctor that tries to cure cancer by shaking a rattle. Sadly people seem to buy it so far. As long as everyone buys it, they will keep hanging around, feeling everyone up (with a back of their hand of course), puffing air up womens skirts, making mothers drink their milk and push disabled out of their wheelchairs. Nobody minds that much, so that will continue and intensify as time goes on. > you don't notice it until it stops working. My claim is that is hasn't even started working. I was able to board and fly on a plane before TSA existed, I can board and fly on a plane now, albeit I am felt up by some random dude, I am standing one hour in line, I have to take my shoes off at the airport, I can't get up to go to the bathroom for 1 hour before landing, I can't even keep a blanket, a pillow or magazine on my lap any more. That's the only tangible and visible result of having the TSA that I experienced. > Their service is like the electric company (and IT) My lights are on, I know the electrical company is providing me electricity. My servers are accessible, so I know the IT is doing their job. So it is not quite the same. How many real bombs has TSA stopped going through its security screening? > No, it's not the same. One is plausible, the other is not. Yes. Now let's not give the propaganda machine any ideas ;-) Of course, one is plausable and the other is not. One is also a hyperbole to illustrate the point. Basically, in the last 10 years we had about 400 people/year die of terrorism on average (took 9/11 number and spread them over 9 years). There is a higher chance of being shot by your neighborhood cop than dying from terrorism. Now that's plausable. So lock up all the policemen in jail, that's more effective at preventing American death than what the TSA has been doing. The point was that TSA in all these years has nothing to show for. There have been bombing attempts but they have been stopped by near by passengers and/or air marshals. By now, instead of millions of harassed citizens TSA should have had a glass display case of at least a couple dozen explosive devices + some terrorists behind bars. > I've noticed in many organizations that universities in India are sometimes viewed with suspicious as the quality of the output (in the IT field) can vary wildly. I have seen that first-hand. From my experience, H1B workers from India are very under-qualified. They are usually hired for their low pay demands not for exceptional knowledge. I don't want to start a flame war, this is just my experience, but the level of knowledge of some H1B employees is that of a someone taking a few community college courses. No theortical background. Most don't know what an algorithm is, instead they repeat a set of jargon IT words they read somewhere in a book. While we are on the stereotyping bandwagon, I have noticed that programmers from Eastern Europe & former Soviet Block have a much better grasp of CS theory and math. Chinese programmers fall somewhere in between. Again, downvote if you like, this is just what I observed, I don't know why that is and your experience will probably vary. You are assuming that what TSA was doing, is doing and is planning to do stopped/is stopping/will stop terrorist attacks. Their track record is so horrible that they should be fired on the spot, be asked to apologize to everyone they harassed over the years and be forced to return tax payer's money they wasted for expensive x-ray vision and air puffing machines. To bring back an analogy I made in a previous post, they are like the witch doctor that is trying to cure cancer with a rattle or a voodoo doll. The patients keep dying so as far as they can see, the rattle is not advanced enough. Now they've enhanced the rattle with more bells and added more rules that patients have to follow to get cured. Of course, those who see through the farce and write about it, get some personal attention and home visits... > missed out on a opportunity to bring a lot of the dynamic language programmers into the .NET fold. I think one of the reasons is that they are well ... Microsoft. It is irrational, it doesn't make sense, but that's the vibe I get. Their languages and ideas are not bad, I think it is the association with their company that is somehow hurting them. For example, F# is a very nice language, but I think the fact that it runs on .NET is putting off a lot of people. It seems to me if F# wasn't related in any way to Microsoft, it would have fared a lot better. Well as I said their track record is very bad. They have not stopped red-handed a single terrorist or a single real bomb. It is usually an air marshal, other intelligence or just near-by passengers that did the work for them. Yet they have sucked billions of dollars of our money. If we "the people" are the employers and TSA is working for us to keep us safe, it would be reasonable for us to fire them immediatly. As for your concerns: > 1. They don't have Full Body Scanners in place. The technology has been around for 3+ years, and would have caught the PETN sewn into the underwear. There are also body cavities. Would you suggest probing everyone's cavities then? > 2. They still allow liquids onto planes, which can be used to detonate and/or do significant damage to the inside of an airplane. Refer to my answer to point 1. Body cavities can hide liquids, powder gels, anything non-metalic. Even with their existing control they have let liquids and weapons through on numerous time. So my list of steps that TSA could have taken is: 1. Quit From the article: "In 1972, 87% of kids who lived within a mile of school walked or biked daily. Today, only 13% of children bike, walk or get themselves to school." Interesting point. I remember growing up in the middle of a city, playing outside for hours at a time without my parents' supervision when I was 5. Then when I was 7 I was taking public transportation to school or, if the weather was nice, I would walk 5 or 6 blocks home. But that was decades ago and in a different country. I wonder if in US today my parents would be reported for "child neglect" if they let me do the same things they let me do then. That is really sad and disturbing. Somehow I think most people nowadays would side with the person that did the reporting. I wish people watched less TV hype and instead used their heads to critically assess risks and dangers. Try this link: http://noblesoul.com/orc/critics/ It is not as swing and miss if you remember that 1900s was the dawn of Eugenics ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics ) -- the selection and breeding of a superior humans, a country of healthy, youthful and perfect men and women... We often forget that America and Britain were very much in love with Eugenics. Unfortunately that is probably not something included in the high-school history curriculum... Search for footage of the controversial "Olympia" by Leni Riefenstahl it typifies the mood and the idea... They now have a PPA Debian/Ubuntu archive for igraph and python-igraph: http://launchpad.net/~igraph/+archive/ppa Another thing to keep in mind before optimizing is the 80/20 rule. Usually only a small part of the program (20%) needs optimizing. Of course one needs actual performance numbers (via profiling for example) before knowing what to optimize. There is nothing worse than faith-based performance assumptions. I have seen months being wasted re-writing code in a lower level language to "make things faster" only to find out that it didn't make a difference, the code was disk or network bound and not CPU bound. The technology might get there soon but not the legal framework. I can't even imagine the legal implication of cars on autopilot killing pedestrians and drivers. That is also probably one of the reasons we don't have flying cars yet. > There's a huge oversupply of candidates because humanities is 'exciting' and thus will attract a certain number of people regardless of how bad the conditions are. I often wonder how much of the 'exciting' part is actually 'math was too hard so any hard sciences are out of the question'. Some students know for sure what they love and want, but some are in the undecided major for 2 years and then are forced to pick. The decision they make sometimes is influenced by their level of proficiency in the subject not by the love of the subject itself. > Universities sell credentials, not knowledge. Could point. Therefore the diploma mill market. All in all it is just another bubble. The only thing that keeps the bubble going is that employers still screen based on degrees, therefore degrees are perceived to have value. Now I would argue for not even working for any employers that screen heavily based on degrees instead of extensively checking and matching a candidate's knowledge and personality fitness ... but that's just me. > ... they would have been put out of business by public libraries long ago. And a lot of universities already publish quality course materials on the web. > They also sell a rich learning and networking environment ... That is worth anything only if it will help achieve future profesional goals. You are probably thinging of a rich start-up culture. It can be awesome for engineering and business majors. But for humanities, I am not so sure. > motivation in the form of deadlines and so forth, which is often difficult for most people; There is some value in that. Universities used to play the 'in loco parentis' role in the past ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_loco_parentis ). In other words they provide an environment where discipline and certain norms are enforced. I am just not so sure it is worth $120k worth of debt at the end. > I damaging the host computer in some way or leaking private information is probably a good way to get yourself sued. The intent is to not damage anything, but rather to only crash the program itself. This might lead the user to visit a support forum where they will be kindly adivised to purchase a legitimate copy of the software. However, if I understand correctly, the program is crashed when it overwrites its own memory. That means that at some point it could end up executing random code. Although very unlikely, it is possible that it could execute the equivalent of "remove users home directory" code. A more likely, but less 'punishing' outcome could be the execution of a tight infinite loop. That could be interpreted as a 'denial of service' and thus full under the booby-trap law. > could have easily taken his nail clippers and gotten on the train with it and... well, I dunno what you would actually do with nail clippers on a train that's really so bad. Oh you know ... induce mass discomfort and panic by clipping everyone's nails just a little too close to the skin ;-) I don't see any use of the 'in-place' -i option. My most useful one-liner: sed -i "s/pat/rep/g" file It means replace in-place all matches of pat with rep in file. To make a backup of old file use -i.bak instead of -i where .bak would be the suffix of the backup file. Yes, thank you. Forgot to qualify that -i is only in GNU sed. But I think it is in GNU sed for a reason -- it is a practical shortcut. The only thing I use sed for is to do search and replaces. If the command spanned 2 lines or had pipes and redirects a lot of people just wouldn't remember it. > ... the program will, irrespective of the password, always send the same character string to the drive after performing various crypto operations -- and this is the case for _all_ USB Flash drives of this type. [emphasis mine] Does that mean what I think it means -- the password is not actually used during encryption? Was it a deliberate back-door or an honest mistake? I can imagine the commit comment for that "feature": [commit 24ebc...] Couldn't figure out how to parse and encode the password. Always send "123456" as the password. I am the same way. English is actually my 3rd language. I learned English because I had a ZX Spectrum computer when I was growing up and most of the programs and were in English. So I learned English so I could understand my computer. It turned out to be very useful to know Enlglish later on. So I hope this doesn't sound insensitive but I would rather everyone learn English, I think it will just make everything a little easier. It is like having a common API between people ;-) > ...using English in contexts that don't require it. Yes. But I would think in the information technology domain, most of the entities don't translate very well. For example words like 'daemon', 'driver', 'segmentation fault' etc. these acquire a certain meaning that just cannot be translated easily to other languages. So you end up with half-half type mix, half of the words in English half in the native language. It ends up sounding silly. > It's a status game, and I luckily started to notice it while very young. You see this often when engineers meet. If the group is new, and haven't established a status hierarchy already, they will quickly start throwing jargon around at each other, to show who is more knowledgeable and try to make others look stupid. That quickly establishes who is who on the status ladder and then the meeting or discussion proceeds on. I think of apes beating their chests and throwing sticks around to show their might. Once you become aware of it, it is quite amusing to watch. I started chuckling during a meeting we had with 2 new consultants, and everyone started looking at me strange... But there is an upside to it. To a certain extent it is necessary to establish a hierarchy, because a senior engineer's opinion is worth listening to a lot more than a junior's engineers opinion. Time is money. If Joe is a senior engineer and we have all as a group accept it, we will drill down and explore his suggestions, if Steve, a junior engineer proposes something, we won't consider it as seriously. For us to consider Steve's suggestions, he'll have to prove himself. I think it is necessary to emphasize that this extends to professional domain knowledge. It is absolutely unacceptable to put anyone down because of their religion, sex orientation, skin color, or body shape. Otherwise, at least were I work, we have no qualms telling people they are full of shit, when it comes to domain knowledge. You can, but do it in your own time, not at work. That was a very interesting read. Thank you. Yes, it seems like improv, is really good at emphasizing and making explicit human interactions. This might be applicable to AI agent research and design. If you do your write-up, I will gladly read! > It's naive to think telling people "they are full of shit" won't have repercussions. Yes, it does have repercussions. It usually doesn't come to that. But the benefit outweighs the repercussions. It creates a level of trust between us, because we cut through bullshit and passive aggressive "fake niceness". We yell at each other, but then we also apologize to each other. We mitigate the repercussion by screening heavily based on personality when we hire. When we hire people we make it explicit that this is the environment. Candidates spend a whole day with us, we go to lunch together, we do a debug session, we ask them to participate in some mock-up or simple design spec with a group of engineers and white-board. Some otherwise good engineers didn't end up working for us because we didn't like their personality, some were terrified that we threw the "f" word around too much, some thought us as not too "politically correct". So far this has worked for the company for 20 years, I've been with them for 3 years and I really like it. After reading that, I promptly threw a package of Atlantic wild caught salmon in the refrigerate to thaw for later. Fish happens to be be one of my favorite foods. I think I am in the minority in US. I also like beet soup (borscht), so hopefully I am getting my share of Fe as well. A lot of people here love steaks, chicken, spaghetti, pizza, but fish or beets are secondary or fall in the "weird" foods category. In general I think so many Americans have weight problems because the popular foods happen to be bad for them. An extreme example of this is the Native American food -- fry bread. They have been displaced from their lands, and US govt. is feeding them with lard and flour. No wonder diabetes rates are so high among that population segment. http://diabetes.niddk.nih.gov/dm/pubs/americanindian/ Thanks. To summarize: Do eat: - Salmon - Tilapia - Carp - Perch - Squid - Sardines - Oysters Do not eat: - Shark - Swordfish - Tilefish - Mackerel When it comes to "do not eat" it is easier to remember "do not eat mackarel" when getting to the store than "do not eat Mackarel from 2009 from Golf of Mexico". Health-wise if we don't eat some kind of Mackerel we'll be OK. In other words as far as mercury levels and safety, my "shopping" list still works. However, if you are a Mackarel fisherman you might not like my shopping list... Ah, sorry my bad. It was Alaskan not Atlantic. Sorry, just checked the refrigerator and it is Alaskan not Atlantic. There doesn't have to be a binary distinction between real and imaginary. I use to talk to my toy soldiers, I knew they weren't alive, but I wished they were. So they were somewhere in between perhaps. It is very important for children to setup make-believe situations and use their imagination. I think that is a good way to later develop planing and abstract thinking skills. > Don't AM, and TV signals have way more energy? Is WiFi really the highest energy source available to you? Per photon, according to Plank's equation: E = hf So the higher the frequency, the higher the energy carried. > What about visible light? Even indoors, if the lights are on, there is far more energy available via visible light. For the same amount of photons light carries a lot more energy. That is why pocket calculators can work just form a couple of photo-voltaic cells. But of course if you live next to a powerful TV transmitter or radio station you are surely better of harvesting that. > Or is this just to make it buzzword compliant? Yes. Agreed. We tried using mac minis as little servers, but they wouldn't boot if a monitor is not connected. We got around it by making a dummy DVI connector with a resistor in it. But still, it is jumping through hoops. That and the silly BIOS, it is as if Apple went out of its way to make it less user friendly... And for course it is running plan 9 ;-) I don't know why I am being modded down. Apple fanboys? Here you go ;-) http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sources/plan9/sys/src/ I remember my father opening up our black and white vacuum tube TV to clean it from dust. He would tell me what each component did, how electrons flowed ... for me it was the best time in the world listening to him. And I really liked taking things apart to see what they are made of. Nowadays I mostly work with software, the interesting components are algorithms and data structures. They are abstract and intangible but just as fascinating. Interesting, similar to: edw519 btilly patio11 pg tptacek Well, the generation we have doesn't. We just built some DVI connectors with a resistor on the back, to make it behave similar enough to a connected monitor. Mac minis are fairly different depending on the generation. > I could probably exit the site very rapidly by way of a submission script But that would certianly fall within the realm of "hacking" > The internet has saved culture from monotone salvages of the old media That's why whenever I hear about "piracy is killing the big production companies" and am thinking "and that would be bad because...?" They have been shoving junk down people's throats (or should I say "eyes" and "ears") for so many years, they make artists sign draconian contracts, etc, etc. If they disappear, I'll be alright with it. > Two-party consent means that all parties to a conversation must agree to be recorded on a telephone or other audio device. There should be a distinction if a party is a public servant on duty. As soon as the policeman puts on their uniform, is on duty, and is in a public space, there should be no restriction about recording of what they do. Good idea. Instead of "Math is hard" she would blurt out "A finite graph is planar if and only if it does not contain a subgraph that is homeomorphic to K5 or K3,3" > There should be a distinction if the party being recorded is in public. Please read my full comment. It does mention that an officer would have to be in public. In other words, recording him in the mens room would not be appropriate. Yes, and you can break Bob and Cindy's fingers to get their passphrases. That is a very easy step. That is why steganography should be used. There shouldn't even be an ecrypted text for them to try to decrypt, at least as far as they know. Because once, there is, they can always get the password. The next best thing is is fake encryption or some kind of nested encryption, so that the outer layer decrypts to something plausable but ultimately benign. A password doesn't even fall under 'free speech', so even in a free country like US one can get slapped with 'obstruction of justice' if one doesn't provide a password. I'll leave it to your imagination to what happens in other, more oppressive countries... Interesting point. It is a sort of a MEAD (Mutually Economic Assured destruction), a complement to the nuclear MAD. > I don't see a future for purely electric vehicles, it seems like hybrids cover many more use cases. It's a chicken and egg problem. Imagine that some restaurants and parking garages also had charging stations. You park and have dinner, while your car is charging. Or you park, go get your haircut, or go shopping and your car is charging. There is a good business opportunity for "charge" stations as well. Gas stations would love to keep people around long enough for them to walk in and buy a candy bar. If they stay longer, perhaps they'll get thirsty and buy some soft drinks. > What about exothermic reactions using iron or aluminum filings? Well now, we wouldn't want our precious little snowflakes to blow their fingers off. But we'll sign them up for cheerleading and football, where they can break their knees, heads and spines. So we are basically banking on them all being professional athletes and dancers. But then, of course, we wonder how come we are so behind all the other countries in science and math. > No sense pushing things when the world is nuts. Yet we have no qualms about our kids playing sports where they easily can break their necks and knees. If you go to any school in US, you'll see students with casts and bandaged knees and elbows. Most of those are sports injuries. See how many children have "science" related injuries -- you'll probably see none. So it is not that we want to protect our children, because then we'd have to cancel football, but instead we end up teaching and perpetuating certain attitudes and values that ultimately will put our country at a disadvantage. Note: the company claims they were hacked by competitors. I know Russian police is stupid, and they compensate for their stupidity in brutality and corruption, but I think even they would have noticed a fake feed. You know, it's snowing outside and the camera shows daylight... pretty easy to notice. I would side with the company and would claim one of the competitors hacked them, then bribed someone in the police department to make a stink => Profit. Bonus points: Make sure the shiny white box actually turns on and there is pretty graphics on the screen. > that is an over-reaction on a massive scale is not considered anything short of normal. I think it is more subtle than that. If it was about safety, they would cancel cheerleading and football. I know I have been repeating myself in 2 other comments on the same thread, I feel strongly about this, see here http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm5538a1.htm for some CDC stats on 2005-2006 ). What seems to happen is that schools are interested not in safety but in avoiding litigation. So they are only concerned with the perception of safety. It all revolves around "Would we get sued?" or "Legally, did we cover our asses?" Schools should just merge with TSA, they both seems to share their delusions about safety. Apparently there is also a disadvantage -- a higher risk of developing stuttering. I know from experience (n=1), but there is some interesting research on the topic as well: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=stuttering+bilingual+chi... Wiki page on McCandless: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_McCandless The speculation is that he died either from eating http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hedysarum or Hedysarum with "Black Patch Desease" fungus : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhizoctonia_leguminicola I just watched the movie about him "Into The Wild" -- pretty interesting. Sorry, to disappoint but this is standard within the military-industrial complex. If you have dealt much with DoD and their contractors, you would notice a lot of waste and a lot of scamming going on. There was a story a while ago about some contractor in Afghanistan charging the military $100 for a 15 pound load of laundry. That happens because the guys at the Pentagon are the same guys running the defense contracting companies. That is a general tendency of blaming whatever cannot be explained or understood. The primitive men blamed natural phenomena and diseases on the gods and witches. Today we blame it on the nerdy guys with glasses and pocket protectors. When they make money, the financial giants quickly take credit for it: "oh look we are making money, _we_ are so awesome", when the nerdy guys screw up, then they are scapegoated, "oh look, it is those damn nerds and their voodoo, that screwed us." When the nerds with their voodoo were making lots of money, the firms didn't say "we don't know what these guys are doing, but they are making us lots of money, they deserve all the credit, they are the heroes", instead the CEOs gave each other big bonuses and pats on the back. But when everything went sour, they blamed the "nerds" (and I admit, nerds did screw up), instead of blaming themselves for not evaluating risk properly. If they couldn't evaluate risk properly (and I think they couldn't), they should have stopped what they were doing. EDIT: syntax errors I would summarize it as: German design goal: functionality and comfort, user is at the center. Japanese design goal: aesthetics, the tool is at the center. It is possible, that a Japanese chef will feel and work better working with an aesthetic and clean looking knife. The chef's skill is praised in as much as it can make use of the beautifully designed knife (i.e. the craftsmanship culture). A German (Western) chef will work better with any knife that fits his hand better. The chef is at the center of the design. A knife is an extension of a chef's hand. If he did have a nuclear reactor. He will quickly be "de-throned" and invaded as he will be deemed a "security threat" by other "nuclear" powers (yes, despite the obvious irony). Look what is happening with Iran and North Korea. All the nuclear powers are up in arms (pun intended) about them developing nuclear technology. I wonder how they would protect against "rogue" staff. I imagine many governments and international corporations would love to get their "people" on the staff. They would quietly ignore stories and report the whistle blowers. As the post above pointed out, don't hack too much. TI is known for throwing down the DMCA law on those who get too "hack" happy with their hardware. Is this their offer of good will? Perhaps, but it is a little late. > In most modern stock markets there is not tiered access. It seems if you are the broker and also trade for your own company, you would see your clients' orders before they go in. You can send in your order before theirs, thus creating a tiered access. I agree. The best thing about Java was the library ("One library to rule them all..."). The language was so, so, mainly a better C++ + GC. I never liked it, but Swing, threading, BigInteger, AWT, man! coming from C++ it was a boon. The next thing I moved to Python, there I found the library and the language fun to use. Now I am starting to look back at JVM because of Scala and Clojure. Hehe. We picked up the car of our gym teacher and "nudged" it over between two trees, such that there was no way of getting it out except for picking it up and moving again;-) Ah the good old days... I don't either. It seems there is a strange rift between academic AI research and game AI research. Try "ai planning" search on Google scholar: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=ai+planning&hl=en... > (top1: IM/Chat, 2: Graphics Editor, 3: Putty/Shell, bottom 4: FTP/Explorer, 5: Text Editor, 6: Browsers). The mental cost of task switching probably takes a larger toll than Alt-Tab-ing. > She practically kicked me out of bed and told me to find my 6-LCD X-Mas gift. ;-) Probably because you kept whinning and talking about it and she got tired of it. > I've always been anti-laptops because come on, how can you even compare a 3 or 6-LCD setup to a laptop with a tiny screen, tiny keyboard, and crappy batteries. I am also in general anti-laptops but for a different reason -- keyboards. As long as I can fit 2 80 column code windows in my emacs I can work fine, but not if the keyboard is crappy. That is why I spent a little extra and got a thinkpad -- it has one of the best keyboards and an integrated trackpoint (nipple) mouse. Between that and using emacs I don't have to lift my hands from the keyboard at all. The other way to do is to pass general 'catch-all' laws. Something like the 'obstruction of justice', or 'looking suspicious'. Combine that with total surveilance and selective enforcement and you have a perfect police state. It gives the state the power to come and arrest you at any time, for any reason, as they will probably find something in your history to convict you of. Yes, most of the time they won't bother, just like insurance companies won't bother checking your illness history for discrepancies, until you become 'inconvinient' to them then they can find any reason to arrest (or deny coverage in case of insurance companies). In general, as applied to any institution, the rule is to make complicated processes and regulations, such that any particular individual the institution controls, has a very high chance of breaking some of them. That makes it very easy to selectively enforce laws and the institution can choose to enforce based on any reason, legal or not, since there is always a legal 'cover' -- the 'official' broken rule (law). EDIT: changed "rate" to "chance" in last paragraph Google hiring process has some of this as well. You get to take their personality test and then they send you some messages via the email. I replied but it turns out I was talking to an email bot. It was kind of dissapointing. Besides that, humans have probably evolved to run through grass, mud and sand, I am not sure that running on concrete or broken glass (in the city) would work as well. > It's our sense of mission and purpose in the world. It's something that nobody else has. Only we have it because it's in our cultural fabric. Really, you believe that stuff? That sounds like some kind of propaganda or something you would tell a child. Do you think the Chinese tell each other "We have no purpose in the world, we are a silly nation, we'll never amount to anything."? On the contrary! Yes, we are what we are because of culture, but mostly because we won WWII, and happened to have lots of nukes, tanks, ships. But I understand that their soles are very thin, thus they still don't protect against the impact when running on a concrete sidewalk. I wasn't talking about the heel strike, it is understood that this is about barefoot running. So the strike is on the ball of the foot. I was just saying that even striking the ball of the foot many times against concrete is a lot harder on the feet than doing the same on grass, mud, or sand. The idea behind barefoot running is revert to the conditions for which the human leg has been adapting to for many thousands of years. My argument was that perhaps we haven't yet adopted to very hard surfaces, such as asphalt or concrete sidewalks ... So are there any laptops completely manufactured in US? At least such parts as hard drives, CPUs, motherboards, keyboards, displays... It is interesting the approach taken in US vs Europe. Europe is taking more of precautionary approach, they are at least doing more research, they seem more skeptical. In US worrying about cellphone radiation is considered "conspiratorial" for some reason. Are these flak groups sponsored by large wireless telecom carriers? I observed the same thing in regard to food and additives. FDA seems to need strong irrefutable proof of toxicity before they would ban an additive, Europeans seem to take more of a precautionary approach -- if the additive is thought to be harmful, they will be banned. Is it just me or have others noticed the same? You might find this interesting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electromagnetic_radiation_and_h... Basically, there are some studies that indicate that prolonged exposure to EM radiation has carcinogenic effects. Which is what the article is about. It is not understood, but I can see why many feel worried. People tend not to like being guinea pigs. It seems, they be the ones demonstrating beyond any doubt that EM radiation is perfectly safe? Which is why more studies are need, especially long term. What is lacking is long term studies. That is essentially what the doctor in the article notices. The same is true for food additives. How many companies do you think conduct 20 year long studies on chemicals that mimic hormones? Pumping rabbits and mice with massive dosages might not be the same as a long term exposure to very small doses. Note: they only need to have the appearance of encryption and security. When they get investigated, they can always blurt out a list of jargon word technologies they use and thus they can prove to a majority if people that they are indeed "secure". And by majority here, I mean mostly judges, attorneys and the media. Yes, this is the same "security theater" that TSA is engaged in. For example, let's say you are the customer, and someone gains access to AmEx's database of hashed passwords. All passwords are 8 characters long, so after a quick brute and dictionary attack, almost all of the accounts are cracked. Now, you along with all the customers get together and launch and class-action lawsuit. AmEx will only have to blurt out that they use: "RSA", "DSA", "128bit Encryption", "Monitoring" + many other security related jargon and that will be enough to get them of the hook. That's all AmEx needs to do. They don't have to secure your data or personal information, they only have too fool most people in case of a lawsuit that they tried to secure the information. If they have that covered, they are all set. Because almost nobody (except for HNers probably) includes security policies as the critical discriminant when shopping for credit cards, AmEx, Visa, MC and Discover others, don't really have to bother implementing any real security. > The United States constitution forbids anything like the war crimes court. Except that we don't have the problem with ICC when it benefits us. If they rule against our interest we declare "that doesn't apply to us." Well, fine then, Germany should have declared "Nuremberd trials don't apply to us", Serbia should have said "Milosevic's trial doesn't apply to us." and so on. The reason ICC exists it so enforce human rights abuses and crimes against humanity. These are perpetraited by terrorist states that use fear and intimidation around the world without any regard to human life. It seems to me there is a need for ICC today just like there was a need for it after WWII. > What gave her the idea that being a tenured professor is better than a founder of a successful startup? The same thing that gives HNers idea that starting a startup is better than being a tenure professor -- personal choice and personal set of goals and motivations. My first encounter with a CS "forefather" was my CS101 professor. He had a long gray beard , glasses, a pocket protector and could do mental arithmetic in octal. When he started in CS there was no CS, so he was a logician, and then switched to CS. The oldest professor from the philosophy department still refers to him as a "traitor" But there is the other side: schools have less restraint on raising tuition. If the government is giving out loans like candy, schools don't mind hiking the tuition higher and higher every year (well beyond the level of inflation). I noticed that with my school. I was in graduate and under-graduate school at the same university. I was there for 7 years. The tuition kept going up at an enormous pace and the school just stared building stadiums, shopping areas, recreation centers and other seemingly useless stuff. Incoming students and their parents had to take higher and higher loans. I graduated without any loans and we payed my wife's loans in 2 years but that is definetly not the norm. Producing graduates that are enslaved to paying back giant loans makes less able to competitively choose work places (they can't quit a job they don't like as easily because they have to keep paying another, rather large monthly bill). But I also like to say "You can tell a worker by his tools". The choice of tools and how they are used tell a lot about the workman ( a programmer in particular ). - Do they use source control ? - Do they use unit tests ? - What kind of language + environment do they use ? - Do they have strong opinions about deficiencies of other tools, that they specifically refuse to use? (this shows experience perhaps). I can't even imagine the legal repercussions of giant robotic trucks killing motorists. I would be cheaper to keep hiring drivers than paying tens and hundreds of millions for wrongful death suites. After enough accidents, many municipalities and states would prohibit such trucks, that would render them useless. Except that you will still be _laid off_ for any of those reasons but it would be masqueraded as some other convenient 'official' reason. "The cash is tight", "we are not growing", etc. Also, hopefully govt uses a better random number generator when encrypting their classified data ;-) Unless the courts take the approach that the school is 'in loco parentis' ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_loco_parentis ), that is they have similar rights to when the kids are under their supervision. They can claim that since laptops are not tracked via GPS so it is hard to know where the kids are (at home or at school). So they can just brush this off as an 'oops' or demand that all laptops have tracking chips in them. Or they can always blame the sysadmin and just say "we told him to spy only when kids are at school, but he goofed off, so we'll just fire him" basically scapegoating one person. Now I am not defending them, as this is a completely outrageous violation of so many rights. I am just thinking of what lies they might use in court to justify this. Well you obviously need to make a shell company then before starting ;-) It is pointless to seek professional responsibity among IT staff when the people who hired them don't have any. Anyone having responsability wouldn't have lasted there anyway. Was there. One of the best PyCons so far. > birthplace of the constition! home of the Liberty Bell! -- imagine what countries like Libya or Nicaragua will try to do One of the major reasons countries like Nicaragua are what they are is because the country born in the "suburbs outside Philadelphia -- birthplace of constitution" has been sponsoring corrupt dictators there under the disguise of some "war on drugs" or "war on communism". No this is not a diversion of topic. The illusion (I think delusion) of liberty, equality, rule of law is just that -- an illusion. Police, NSA, CIA have long had the ability to spy on US citizen without any warrants. Our beloved President personally voted to provide immunity to the telecom companies that just handed our privacy on a silver platter to NSA, CIA and anyone who asked for it (Choicepoint & friends). Then we turn around and are just "shocked" that a school would pick up the cue from its big brother and run with it. They are probably thinking: if the government is going to "protect" its citizens by spying on them, we will "protect" our children even more by spying on them harder! I think we are missing the point. We should be hacking the law not the technology. This should not be about smearing butter on your camera, but rather about suing their asses into oblivion, firing them, getting this on the news. How about some smacking them with some "zero tolerance policy" -- a taste of their own medicine. When you think from the institutional point of view, this system of spying and control mirrors system of spying and control the government is using. I don't think there will be a well publicized smackdown, lest other citizens start questioning government's own spying and warrant-less wiretapping. Just so we don't forget, Obama voted to give telecoms, which handed our privacy to anyone who asked for it, immunity. http://www.alternet.org/module/printversion/90990 Why are we so surprised when a school takes a cue from its "big brother" and starts spying on its students so blatantly? Obama "protects" us from "terrorism" by spying on us, and the school has to "protect" the students from "thieves" by spying on them, makes sense right? Sorry I had to downvote, not because I don't like the ingenuity of your idea (that's what I would have done if I was in that high-school and 20 years younger), but I think we should be hacking the law and the media's response in this case, instead of sticking tape on laptops' cameras. There should be more shock and anger about this, and if there isn't that fact should also be a reason for shock and anger. His rational superiors should obviously start scapegoating him by now to divert attention and blame. Their strategy at this point should be to paint this guy as a deranged, power hungry nerd who took matters into his own hands. They should fire him immediately. (I am not saying whether it is his fault or someone above him ordered it, but I am assuming his superiors are soulless bastards who can hire expensive attorneys. He might be just as bad, but he cannot hire lawyers and PR firms). When the laptop is at home, just charge the battery to 50% then remove it so it works only from the plug. I don't move my laptop as much as I did before and I noticed that I get much better battery lives than my friends who continuously keep their laptop plugged in and with the battery attached. Yes, that's what I think. Google seems to emphasize diversity and thinking outside the box (well at least from what I can see through the PR window and personal stories). I think having one language do everything is not feasible. Some languages are good for system programming and are good for performance computing (I use C), some are good for what is not performance critical but are more concise and clear (I use Python for that). Go wants to do both, but from what I see in their benchmarks it is the worst of both worlds. I want it to be as fast as C, but even then I'll still fall back on Python probably for clarity and concision. So ideally I would want Python to be as fast as C -- not going to happen anytime soon. What a company should promote is a common protocol for encoding and transmitting data i.e. protobuf -- that is a much better thing to have than looking for one perfect language that does it all. Allegedly Thinkpads have that. But I run Ubuntu on mine so I don't have access to the fancy bios setting utilities from Lenovo. I just snap the battery out. That seems to work for me. I looked at D. But it is lacking good "batteries" -- standard libraries (Phobos? Tango?). For a language to be useful it has to have a very good standard library. Preferable one good standard library. That is probably the main reason why Python and Java became popular. I picked Python over Ruby because it had a better standard library. Using Java after years of using C++ with various standard and not-so-standard libraries, was a breath of fresh air. I liked D as a language, but I didn't like its librar(y|ies) so I discarded it.