It also assumes all bots are intending malice. Some advertisers automatically trigger videos on sites so they can review/categorize the content (see if it's porn). They do that with the intent of making ad purchases, so it's actually desirable bot traffic. But then you'd be able to reduce things down to a relatively short writing curriculum. Many university courses involve writing, but they are not primarily designed to improve students writing. Some universities force students who are behind in writing to take courses to catch up before they can even enroll in the normal liberal arts classes. You have to be decent at writing before they'll even let you read Foucalt. Things seem extremely nice in go when you start out in go and see "go get", but then you'll quickly ram into not wanting the latest master, and then get extremely puzzled about how to do library dependencies. I wish I saw some sort of consensus on library dependencies in that thread. Too much of our work build relies on setup scripts. I have to disagree with the definition: "A recommendation engine is a feature (not a product) that filters items by predicting how a user might rate them." The feature bit is correct, but the rating bit might not be. People very often give high ratings to things they are not interested in. People may highly rate jewelry that they cannot afford, or give a five star rating to a movies considered classics, that they don't actually want to view. What you are trying to optimize is ultimately purchasing, continued subscription, ad views, or some other profit metric. That can be hard to directly measure, so something like ratings can be a stand in, but you may accidentally optimize for something deeply undesirable like recommending expensive jewelry to everyone that they will never buy. Business owners would love if there were some exam which accurately informed them about who to hire, and there has been no shortage of attempts to create such a thing. The problem is, most of the characteristics needed seem to be things we don't understand, or don't know how to quantify. Greatly complicating things is the fact that you often don't need to know anything in particular to succeed. There is no shortage of people who learned on the job and became successful. Filtering out such people with an exam may badly damage your hiring. It's clearly not true that female lead characters don't exist. What seems to be the issue for this girl is that they don't exist in games she actually wants to play. I'd note that she complains about games where the protagonist has no identifiable gender, or is an animal. That's often done quite intentionally to dodge try to dodge this problem. Our coworkers suffer, but so do the people I know who work in completely different industries. I have no idea how the tech industry compares to other industries in terms of treatment of women. What I can say for certain is that we do not have the amazing complaints of cocaine fueled parties filled with hookers that seem to regularly emerge from the world of finance. I'd be curious if the content of these posts is genuinely worse than the things they say to each other with boring old human speech. Just because the awful-ness isn't normally shouted into a megaphone, doesn't mean it's not there. My high school shortened the lunch break because of how horrible the girls were being to each-other when they had free time. Not effective of course. Reputable + April Fools joke = ? While I'm sure there is some truth to this, you do run into the problem that people don't want to admit the mundane reasons they do things sometimes. People join armies all the time because they need a job, but if you ask I'm sure many of them will tell you it's due to a more personal reason or nationalistic pride. That's not confined to the military of course. It seems almost rude to admit you do your job to get a pay check in many occupations. Interacting with a compiler sounds horrible. Think of the questions it might need to ask: "Hey! I could use AVX2 instructions here, after I inline a bunch of stuff and eliminate some dead code, but it requires doing a bunch of memory copying. Is that a good idea?". How would you answer a question like that? And then, since optimizations are target dependent, you would need to go through this exercise for each target. Sounds fun. But consider, for it to be worth asking, it's got to be something that's very difficult to infer, or the compiler wouldn't need to ask. That means it will probably be difficult for you to infer as well. In practice, you might have to profile all possible options, which would quickly turn into a major project if you're asked more than a handful of questions. And, of course, even if you can figure it out, that alignment annotation you just made is only optimal on the one target. Even on x86 it will depend on what instructions are available. This seems to make the false premise that you need computers to make decisions algorithmicly. If someone writes out a set of hard rules as to who can apply for a welfare program, the result will be the same if a human or machine makes the determination. Long before computers existed, people complained about "rigid bureaucracy", which is effectively a complaint that government or business employees stuck to a process (an algorithm) that had some problems. Github users are tied to social interaction, job hiring, integration with multiple version control systems, and a pile of other crap, including systems not part of the website itself. Hacker News users are pretty much just tied to posts and comments on the site. The only piece of data that seems in common is that they both have user names. There is no reason user data should be similar across different systems. Products are generally unique, or they don't have much value. That means the data tied to a user is often also unique. Porting unix applications that used select/poll/epoll in a performant way was a common enough problem that they added WSAPoll to make things easier: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/wndp/archive/2006/10/26/wsapoll.aspx The biggest abstraction headache is usually nonblocking file IO and DNS lookups, as many OSes don't have any support. You have to have a thread pool fallback. Imagine you're the kernel, and you get notified that some new data is available on a connection. The basic operations you have to do are: 1) Figure out the associated file descriptor (hashmap lookup perhaps) 2) Copy the new data to the socket's buffer 3) Wake up any threads waiting to read from the socket, or polling with a read interest Obviously, that ignores a lot of protocol work, but that's the general idea. There isn't any need to loop over all of the open sockets. You're just describing behaviors that seem strange or unusual and then asserting that they are somehow not computation. It doesn't matter what happens inside the brain. If it's governed by normal physics (no divine magic), there will be some computer program equivalent to it. We know that's true, even though we don't know how the brain works. Actually, the internet is dominated by binary. The wire formats are binary, and a huge hunk of all bandwidth is being eaten up by binary formats: video, bittorrent, voice, JPG images, etc. Sure, HTML, CSS and JS are "text", but it's usually optimized, compressed text, and pretty soon we'll be shipping that around in HTTP2. People optimize what matters. Look at the HTML source for this page. It's mostly user content. More efficient packaging for the HTML structure wouldn't make a measurable difference in load time. Companies are often eating the cost of training employees without admitting to it. Pick some company at random, look around, and there will often be piles of people who have no official training or certifications to speak of, and no relevant degree, but who are perfectly competent at their jobs. Somehow, magic happened, and they were trained, despite no training money in the budget. A lot of it is just done semi-officially. The boss points at some guy he trusts and tells him to fill them in, and lower productivity is accepted for some period. Taxi driver feels abused by having to work 7 days a week for taxi service to make ends meet. Switches to Uber and describes it as "more of the same". Hard to see how Uber ruined everything if it was apparently already ruined. I was also confused by that until I changed my perspective. Watch the marker inside the circle. It starts pointing left. Half way around the inner coin it's pointing left again. At the end it's pointing left once more. That requires two rotations. The curve its graphing confuses things. This is probably not a correctable problem. People don't start businesses if they think the competition is highly competitive and intelligent. They start a business of they perceive a weakness in the market, or believe they have a unique capacity to succeed. Probably stating the obvious here, but the reason they stopped the practice was because people did such studies. If bloodletting worked on any common injuries or illnesses, we'd still be using it for those cases. Even then, we'd probably have tried to find medication that produced the same benefit to try to avoid the infection risks. The usual problem with this kind of thing is actually events. The modifications may, or may not, add elements that need listeners attached to them. It looks like as this is now, after any update you'd have to query all such elements and see if they need a listener attached. React has its own "Event System" to try to deal with that issue. Sort of. You'd have to listen at the top level of wherever you're using this, so you'll have to write your own mini event library to figure out which component got clicked on, and grab any associated data. Go to an ad company and see how many people are running an ad blocker. It was essentially 100% when I was working for one. The exception was a guy doing testing on the live web. It's not really a contradiction. You're just like a drug dealer who knows better than using the product yourself. Does not actually seem to contain an explanation as to why the rich love burning man. Does contain a rant about Marc Zuckerburg's education ideas for 3 paragraphs, and another rant about how Andrew Carnegie's donations "trickled up from his workers’ backs", and a number of other barely stitched together ideas. Money chosen twice. Yep. I live in a county that openly opposed bart expansion. The only way to get a big transit expansion is if the state or federal government forces it over local opposition. This suggests improving the ratio, but honestly, if the rate is genuinely 99% good and 1% bad, then the truth may be that you're at a point where you won't notice improvements. Say we make a huge effort and halve the rate of such harassment. That's a change from 99% good to 99.5% good. Will you notice the difference? Maybe, but it's likely you won't. You're still guaranteed to have bad experiences at regular intervals if you go to tech events. American bureaucracies have a bizarre obsession with them. My school issued student IDs with unique numbers, which should have been the end of all such issues. Unfortunately, they made a bizarre system where US students had their student ID be their SSN with a fixed prefix, and international students got a random number with other prefixes. They refused to give up on using SSN even when they knew it wouldn't work for a good portion of students. Heaven forbid someone just add an SSN to student ID lookup table to the database. It depends on the context. If someone is openly hostile in a public setting, then no. They're probably an asshole. If they mock religion in private, or on Facebook or some other stupid thing, whatever. A lot of people have negative feelings about some religions or political groups, but most of us manage to be polite and professional when we go outside. The immigrants all have their own baggage as well. It's not a unidirectional problem. We could be as welcoming as possible, and still have different groups separate themselves. Humans show empathy for all kinds of things: animate, inanimate, and even purely imaginary. Leap years run into a similar issue that the ratio of days to years is changing as well. Our current algorithm will eventually be off. No one cares because the people doing time standards will be long dead. And arguably the situation is similar for leap seconds as well. No one cares because of how far out substantial drift is. By the time it adds up to an hour, people will be used to it, or just shift their timezones (which happens all the time). They don't seem to be doing that. They brag like crazy on most of the terrorism related arrests they make. "Deproliferation" is impossible. It's not like banning guns. It's like banning the idea of how a gun works from ever being communicated, burning every book that contains the concept, erasing it from all electronic records, and strictly monitoring anyone with chemistry or metallurgy knowledge. All you need to write an encryption program is an explanation of the concept behind a single algorithm, someone with math smarts, and almost any computer. Assuming they have to walk anywhere. People have tried rigging games like this by sending thousands of letters to the address to request entry. The value of something with no buyers is zero. Go try to sell an idea, by itself. You'll fail. This article somewhat confuses "good" with "actionable". I had some good business ideas when I was young. I know they were good because companies later succeeded with that business plan. I just couldn't enact them. If ideas had a non-zero value, then even as a 13 year old, I could have gone to the idea market and sold them. You'll find there are no buyers however. Even if you retain cash, it would be completely practical to demand companies submit receipts with names or ID card numbers. It'd be expensive, but not impractically so. The problem isn't the computerization if cash, but the capability to record and search the information. No, any idea you can't do, is an idea you can't do. That doesn't make it good or bad. It just means you can't be the one to enact it. It doesn't say what they did instead, so this might just mean that TV and Netflix produces more happiness than Facebook. You don't really have to kill people to remove them from the field. You could just force them to switch to a new study area after a time. Won? What is winning defined as here? They implemented the policies, but you don't normally define "success" as users getting extremely mad and your CEO quitting. A good portion of the bandwidth that has been added so far has simply been consumed by more bandwidth intensive versions of existing products. The user behavior hasn't necessarily changed. See Facebook's auto-playing videos as an example. My retarded uncle is really into military subjects and nazis. He has run up other people's phone bills calling 900 number white supremacist phone numbers. I didn't even know that was a thing until it happened. I gather white supremacist groups attract certain types of mental illness. I'm sure the Muslim version of him would be into jihad. Going to arrest a lot of people if you start locking them up... If there is a new upper class today, their oppression doesn't seem all that severe. I don't recall the former nobility handing our free health care or education. Sure, the people in power today believe they deserve what they have, but so did the people in power before. If you're worried about that sort of arrogance, at least we don't have kings believing they rule by divine right and nobility believing they're carrying out God's will through their king. Honestly, I doubt that. Even if you arbitrarily removed all voting power from the poor in the UK today, you'd still have public schools and some form of public health a decade later. Those ideas are quite popular even among the wealthy. If you look back, you'll see public education became a thing partly because the wealthy pushed for it. They understood they would benefit. That's still handing out free education. They have political beliefs about that approach providing better results, but it's not as-if they want to scrap the idea of government funded education. Or, stated more positively, the government gives the poor subsidized loans so they can go university. I'm not really seeing heavy handed oppression by a cruel upper crust. Would not recommend starting out in civil engineering by going ahead and building a bridge after watching some YouTube tutorial videos. This advice can only really be applied in areas where there are no legal, safety, cost or time barriers. I didn't say everyone who wants to go gets to go did I? I just re-stated things positively. Guaranteeing that debt costs the US government quite a bit of money, which means there is an overall transfer of wealth from rich to poor through taxes. Again, it seems more like this has to do with American political ideas, rather than not wanting the poor to be educated. Incidentally, it would appear that you are out of date, as they started lending directly in 2010, instead of lending through banks. A lot of taxpayers are already of negative value to the system. They cost money. For that matter, despite paying taxes and operating legally, some dubious companies are obviously a drain on the system overall. > This is not an issue with Go because everything is compiled to an x86_64 binary there I don't think the situation is all that different. All the Java code ends up being binary as well, at least after running a while. At the moment, I think most people's Go projects simply have fewer dependencies. If you poke about on some of the popular Go projects, you'll see some of the bad coding practices that will result in upgrade breakages like checking for exact error strings (unfortunately needed sometimes, I know), so I foresee the same issues over time. Imagine two models for a moment. In one, everyone is free to advertise, and in the other, no marketing of any kind is possible (magically enforced somehow). What's the difference between those two? Competing companies will occasionally edge ahead with clever ads, but in general they just cancel one another out. Having marketing exist isn't a "win" for companies, unless they have no serious competitors, because their competitors also have them. One difference, perhaps, is that consumers probably get worse products due to ads existing. Ads create an additional path business success, even with lower product quality. You're underestimating the general underhandedness of people. If I can sell all my website's ads once, why not try to sell them twice? Double my income. If Samsung's marketing people are in Korea, I'll show all Asian IP addresses their ad, and then show some other ad (or ads) to the rest of the world. Of course, Samsung may notice the low volume, so a better scheme is to also load their ad elsewhere, but placed on the page so it's not visible. If you look at the Javascript that gets served with the ads, there is generally a hunk of logic that tries to confirm the ad is genuinely visible, to try to deal with that last bit. But that's fine isn't it? If companies don't genuinely need the employees to be in the US, then there is no problem. The issue is the insistence that they do need employees here, because of a supposed local shortage. That imagines there's no other way of people being informed. People would simply subscribe to some sort of service that reviews things. As it is, newspapers and magazines have reviews of most of the items normal people care about. I think most people view headers as a mistake. You can use it to separate the interfaces as you mention, but there are limits to how much you can do that, and parsing the headers over and over slows the build down to no real benefit. If you look at the modules proposal Microsoft has been pushing for, it provides what looks like a better approach. You won't get the build slowness, you can explicitly control what gets exported. > But when I hear Bernie speak, I feel like I’m the problem with America. I’m one of those millionaires he mentions who should pay more taxes. I’m the bad guy. While I empathize, this seems like an emotional problem on his end, instead of an issue with the actual message. Given that there is no quote mentioned anywhere, I have to wonder if it mattered what was said, or if the issue is what he sees the man as representing. I see the whole word problem approach as a bit dubious. Usually the aim is to help students learn to solve "real world" problems instead of artificial math problems. And indeed, I would say that I've learned math much more successfully when I've had a real world math problem. The trouble is, real world problems tend to be horribly complex. You're in an awkward position where you don't want to give artificial problems, but you also don't want to give real problems. She recommends this expii site, but the first problem I clicked on (the most recent one) seems ridiculous: https://www.expii.com/solve/11/1 It mentions Y Combinator and Albert Wenger as Silicon Valley supporters of basic income. I suspect that means... 2 or 3 people? The article lists more radical Italian economists. It's completely valid to create a simplified model to understand certain social effects, but when you're looking at such a tiny number of people, grouping them into some sort of blob seems more likely to be an attempt to distort than to understand. Or, they're just following what's trendy, and node stopped being cool. Where would they even use generics? All their algorithm requires is arrays of polygons, and a function to check if a polygon contains a point. The Kafka tests included things like reboots, but it sounds as though they didn't test anything like that with Google's could products, presumably because they couldn't. That perspective is quite hard on my eyes for some reason. We force people to learn a new language to program, but it's certainly not English. It's a stretch to even call some of the keywords in some languages words (car, cdr, con?). They're just tokens to feed to the compiler or interpreter, like parenthesis. Even when full English words are used, it's rarely in the conventional meaning. English speaker or not, you'll have to learn what the word actually means in the given programming language. You had hundreds of engineers cramming stuff into a mobile app, till it didn't fit. Then you apparently had to make an entirely new version of it since people in much of the world couldn't even download the thing. That sounds laugh worthy to me. I also work at a large company that has had its own mobile development "issues", and I found those plenty humorous as well. I get the point being made, but the rules probably shouldn't be directly associated with the Item objects in the first place. How would you apply a pricing rule like: "Free shipping if item total is > $20 after discounts applied"? The general approach I've seen to this sort of thing is to create a stack of rules, and each rule applies its changes if needed. And for that, an array of function pointers will work fine. You can sort-of optimize your ad javascript. Some of the ad networks are starting to require that you ads come essentially pre-packaged and be under a certain size. They still might have dumb code and overly fancy animations of course. Enforcement of contracts is always government intervention. It's a regulation of business, forcing people to stick to their word on certain issues, despite obvious economic reasons not to. Not enforcing some contracts is less intervention, not more. The 'robber barons' had enough power to get the police and national guard deployed to violently put down strikes and to protect employees working during strikes. None of these CEOs have anywhere near that kind of influence. They have lobbied quite a bit, but quite a few of those lobbying efforts have failed. This article makes some good points, although ones that have been made a lot recently, but it hugely oversells the regress argument. If that was happening, it should be quite easy to measure in some areas: 5 year cancer survival rates should fall, corn yields should drop, and so on. For the most part, we don't seem to see that. If it was all some sort of faith, and the bad findings were accepted, we should see more-or-less random changes instead of steady improvement No, they also got the police to deploy to remove them from public places, which was clearly protected speech. Violence by their hired security against employees, clearly illegal, was politely ignored. They rather blatantly controlled the police in some cases. My point was that these tech CEOs don't have that kind of influence, and they don't. End of story. The SF ban was motivated partly because the plastic bags were literally clogging the machinery at their processing center. Even with the ban, they have employees scrape the bags off periodically. If you try to buy things, it's sometimes desperately frustrating that no one will just quote you a simple price. They have different pricing tiers, and want a salesperson to talk to you so they can pretend to give you a "special" discount, and all sorts of BS. I'm sure these things work, but they also alienate customers sometimes. People have founded entire businesses on offering clearer pricing schemes. > Now let's take another activity that humans should be good at: game-playing. It should be just the opposite. There was no evolutionary pressure on humans to make them play Chess well. The games are interesting to us partly because they're challenging and make us think differently. If you want a fair comparison, you need to look at how successful we've been at making machines to do things animals were facing evolutionary pressure to do successfully. Imagine trying to build an ant. A machine with a tiny, power efficient brain, that coordinates with its fellows to gather resources and build enormous hives. Could we make computers do that? Maybe eventually, but we're nowhere close today. Just making a machine walk with grace is at the edge of what we can do. When you teach philosophy you are, like many fields, effectively teaching the history of philosophy. If you want to condense 2000+ years of history down to something that fits in an education, you're going to have to cut almost everything. What people generally do is cover people or events that had great influence on what came after. You're not getting "greatest", "best", or even "most correct"; You're getting people who stood out as having influence. > Prostitution is something that people get into out of desperation. Most of the time, maybe, but clearly not always. A woman was arrested for prostituting herself out of my university dorm. Her parents were paying her way through school. She just wanted cash to buy nice cloths. There have long been people who prostitute themselves simply because it's easier than working. The water usage might be a difficult one, but much of the impact in China is probably apathy instead of technical difficulty. They simply aren't making any effort to give people masks, reduce dust, and so on. > The technologist’s argument begins with a suspicion that the liberal arts are of dubious academic rigor, suited mostly to dreamers. From there it proceeds to a reminder: Software powers the world, ergo, the only rational education is one built on STEM. Finally, lest he be accused of making a pyre of the canon, the technologist grants that yes, after students have finished their engineering degrees and found jobs, they should pick up a book — history, poetry, whatever. It seems like he's inventing a straw-man to tear apart. The states pushing this basically want higher salary graduates. That happens to be STEM majors, for the most part, at the moment. I'm not so sure that countries will be all that enthused to follow China's example. Aside from the technical and infrastructure costs, it's evident that they're using a huge amount of human manpower. A lot of countries don't have the knowhow or billions to do it. At this point, I suspect the lesson will be to block all sites except those that force people to use their real names, and arrest them if they say something unapproved. Intimidation is pretty cheap. McDonnalds is paying even higher costs than that in other countries and hasn't done it. We have fully automated pizza making machines, but you still see plenty of people in pizza shops. The economics clearly don't work out in favor of full automation at the moment. No, they just need to explain why other projects are better things to spend money on. Given the history of poor results so far, that's probably not as difficult to do as you're imagining. Isn't it simply a question of competition? If some advertisers can't support HTTPS, that means there are fewer bidders for HTTPS content. That should result in a lower price. They are also bidding on what's presumably a shrinking pie of HTTP ad space. If the volume available to buy has dropped considerably, that may also be driving up the price of HTTP ad views. I took a number of math classes, but I've forgotten the overwhelming majority of it. It's hard to remember anything if you never use it for a full decade (my French is gone too). That's not to say I haven't used math, but I just look it up or learn it as needed. The truth is that I found my math education was a strange liability. I removed my math minor from my resume, as it prompted math based interviews. Having a Google interviewer go: "I see you have a math minor, so I'm going to ask you some math questions!", followed by the guy getting frustrated for 30 minutes, isn't a great experience. The French would have far fewer complaints about these companies if they were French, even if they behaved in exactly the same way. The concerns are real, but the underlying issue is that having foreign firms succeed over local ones upsets people. One needs only listen to how often the politicians mention that the companies are American. I've seen some examples that don't seem to agree with that. Programmers often don't need advanced math, but the ones that do, such as video game engine developers, seem to get fantastically good at it. You need a lot of time to master any skill, and few jobs provide that for mathematics. At least, not with any diversity in problems. The degree provides some years of dedicated effort. I definitely can't live up to the expectations women might get from some of those ancient stone dildos. Video games have huge variation in social quality. I got a cold this week and played some Left 4 Dead 2, since I hadn't played it in a long while. Immediately made some friends and chatted with them about their band. It was kind of shocking. But it's a pretty good setup for it. Voice chat with 4 people who are incentivized to cooperate; can kick people as needed. The social experience in most games is pretty bad. I have to wonder if the prices will be stagnant or falling by the time they put a ceiling in place. I don't see tech industry investment, or Chinese property purchases as likely to continue at the levels we've seen recently. What sort of standard are you asserting? The games with fluid dynamics simulations to simulate water aren't using fancy enough models? Capitalism isn't a system of governance. There was capitalism going on during feudalism, and every other sort of government and society. Couldn't read the whole article due to interrupting ads. The congressional districts are what get gerrymandered. They're completely irrelevant to the Democrats or Republicans picking their presidential candidates. Even the hunter gatherer societies traded. You'd frequently find people wearing decorative shells far inland. You might get the nuclear launch keys put into someone's hands, but I doubt anyone would assume a nuclear attack by default. There are all sorts of munitions hurled around that could, potentially, be nukes. EINTR is only "needed" because of the situation where a call is made to a blocking system call like read, and a signal is received before it completes. It needs to cancel the blocking call so that it can run the signal handler. If you get rid of signals, you wouldn't need EINTR. Even with signals, what people do 99% of the time is just retry the system call immediately. It would probably have been much better to have it do so automatically by default, avoiding exposing EINTR to most users. Where "we" is a group of politicians who want to be re-elected. If longer lines don't hurt them politically, then they aren't going to worry too much about fixing things to make it faster. There is a premise here that the wait is an issue, but I'm not so sure a long and bothersome security line is a bad thing from the perspective of our political leaders. I suspect (with complete seriousness) that if airport security wasn't a bother, people wouldn't feel safe. After a long series of small losses, our wheel spinner sinks into alcohol, despair, and eventually suicide. I imagine it's illegal most places. Even without a zoning violation, garages tend not to meet basic habitability rules. Lunch works if your metric is getting people to show up, but I'm sure I'm not the only one who has attracted a large group with food, only to find they only wanted the food. Microsoft also sells through the Xbox platform, which is in direct competition for the TV space. At the moment, the SF bay area still has the most choices if you're looking for a new job. That actually translates into something of a financial advantage. The two largest pay raises I've gotten have been from quitting and joining another firm. It depends how settled down you are of course. Being willing to move is generally financially beneficial as well. This vaguely condemns sending scrap metals abroad with "were safety standards are lax in comparison.", but it makes sense to do so. Having them mine and smelt new ore is hardly a desirable outcome, either from a safety or environmental standpoint. And surprisingly, it can actually be cheaper to send scrap to China than a US smelter because of the imbalance of trade. The ships would be mostly empty on the return tip if not for scrap materials being sent back. Circle of life. There is a constant pressure to push down the standard of a high school diploma. It feels so bad for people to see students try and fail, and there is the usual pressure from the parents of special needs kids. My personal feeling is we should give everyone a diploma, but list some sort of grade level attainment. If nothing else, it would help universities place students into the remedial classes they sometimes need. It's possible that adding women will fix some things, but that's just one binary aspect of human diversity. The diversity within a team will always be multiple magnitudes smaller than the diversity of the world. There are already plenty of problems with accents and speech recognition. I recall people's issues with the Sony voice control game Lifeline where people had to fake a Japanese accent to get it to accept commands: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7TacvYrnjI Adding women to whatever team made that wouldn't have fixed anything. They'd have had to go out and study other accents and factor them in. Excellent project. I appreciate listing the insights along the way. My previous team studied allowing similar queries, and we didn't see anything so easy to interpret into a query. In testing, users typed in a lot of strings that couldn't be interpreted (by machine or human), or which were ambiguous. It may be that people have gotten used to Google/Bing accepting crap queries and still showing a decent rezult. But, I suspect the main problem is they couldn't explain what they wanted to a human, at least not without considerable conversation. The population of Westeros should be zero, as the books assert there have been winters that lasted a lifetime. Unless maybe the living dead count? The books are "realistic" only in comparison to other fantasy. It'd be more valid to call it "less fantastic". You see this in so much commentary on education. People point out that something has a benefit, and they're absolutely correct, but they fail to examine if it's superior to alternatives. If we want critical thinking skills, is a history class the most efficient way to go about it? Maybe one of the other humanities is superior in this regard? What about those classes we've titled "Critical Thinking"? "Simpler" obviously didn't happen here. They had to debug the garbage collector, which included looking at traces that went into the OS. They effectively debugged a Go and C mix. I'm afraid the truth of these things is that if you try to squeeze maximum performance out of some of these more sophisticated languages, you have to be able to understand and debug the runtimes that come with them. Not that many people are up to that, which means the hurdle can be higher. It's generally suggested here in the US that you buy olive oil labeled as being from California, as the Italian labels are often adulterated or mislabeled. The periodic scandals out of Italy seem to support that view: http://www.eater.com/2016/6/30/12070668/olive-oil-fraud-ital... Pretty much only the EU has this attitude toward food names, and only selectively. I've yet to see an example of anyone seriously celebrating being white in some way that wasn't automatically being treated as racist. Things like what you link seem to get a pass because it's somewhat satirical in nature. Type "celebration of black" into Google, look at the auto-complete results. Imagine those things, but with black flipped to white. Somewhat circular to see someone attempt to use reason to argue against the use of reason. Interesting, but I feel this is missing the culture's impression of their own food. Not everyone values their cuisine to the same degree, or at least, not all of it. It's hard to get something pushed into "fine dining" menus when there is no one suggesting that it qualifies. People have tried for a long time to find correlations between language traits and cultural or political effects. For the most part, it doesn't seem to be there. What people actually do in practice in the situation you're describing is to just use the foreign word directly. That's how languages end up filled with loanwords. "Let's be honest" implies people are denying the perks of the jobs or living in the area. I haven't seen any such denial. I can't help but notice that no matter how often this comes up, no one ever points to an incident of a code of conduct fixing something. I do see a lot of complaints about heated arguments about having a code of conduct, and plenty of evidence of those arguments existing. As far as I can tell, they are simply claiming it's a project with a code of conduct that seems welcoming. There appear to be projects that don't have a code of conduct that could be described the same way, so it's not useful as evidence of an effect. My university participated in a study that found their anti-alcohol posters appeared to increase student drinking. Admittedly, with not as large a data set as desired, so it's also possible they simply did nothing. You find this with a huge array of both government and non-profit efforts. Most of the time, the things we try to improve society simply don't work, or not to the degree desired. No it doesn't. Americans failed to save even when the economy was doing extremely well. Even for experienced people, being off by a factor of 2 or 3 appears to fairly normal. That means, the correct answer to "How will this not happen again?" is to say that it will happen again, and that that isn't preventable. At least, no one seems to have succeeded at preventing it. My experience has been that the only questions management should bother with are usually the issues that managers can actually fix. That tends to be a surprisingly limited set of things. Having read this, I Googled "Dollar shave club razor brand", and sure enough there are articles like this one explaining how to order the product directly: http://lifehacker.com/5903771/forget-dollar-shave-clubbuy-th... It seems like their success is essentially a marketing success. That's not exactly a new phenomenon, excepting the use of web video instead of TV/radio ads. Plenty of companies are essentially marketing entities that "rebranded" existing products. Or they have self-contradictory political views, or they're dishonest about what they really believe, or they say different things when it's in their self interest. Or, quite likely, a mix of all of the above. When the postal system started, localities had to prove the roads were good enough for postal delivery. Most of those rural roads were maintained by the locals. It was unsubsidized and somewhat free market oriented? Not completely obviously, but people literally building their own roads, and then paying for mail delivery is definitely leaning that way. Isn't this missing the most obvious possibility, which is that anime images are just generally popular with the population that contains trolls generally? Say, 12-30 year old males? Odd then that the internet seems utterly jam packed with English language anime content? Not really. Just look through the feature lists of some newer processors: AES encryption support: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AES_instruction_set Hardware video encoding/decoding support (I presume for phones): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_Quick_Sync_Video It's more that it's relatively easy to make some instruction useful to a variety of video game problems, but difficult to do the same for encryption or compression. You tend to end up with hardware support for specific standards. Thank you for pointlessly regurgitating much of his post? The fact that Intel put an encryption feature in their chip, which does indeed make that algorithm faster, would tend to indicate they wanted faster encryption wouldn't it? That some other algorithm could be faster still isn't really contradicting that. I have to type a single number into Google Maps for it to auto-complete to my home address. That's not really a beatable speed. And there is the tiny problem that I can't even pronounce some of the things I've typed into Google. Examples include: Japanese manga names, company names, and foreign names from news articles. > But hey, is it really worth it to spend upwards of $60,000 a year to read books that will still be around after graduating? Well, for some with eyes for graduate school it may be. > Rock on fellow baristas, rock on Finally, my dream of being a graduate student working at a coffee shop... SF actually attracts homeless people. The last homeless count done showed 29% of homeless people in SF lost their housing outside the city, with 10% of that from out of state: https://sfgov.org/lhcb/sites/default/files/2015%20San%20Fran... (search for "place of residence") I rather suspect SF is a nice place to be homeless, as people seem to be "voting with their feet" and going there. Here's something from the "About us" page of the company that made my toaster: http://www.bellahousewares.com/img/home/side.png Companies pretty much all say the same things about themselves, inside of SV or out. It's just whatever happens to be the marketing buzzwords of today. Remove all the whitespace, and then add spaces and newlines in legal positions to make the wave pattern. Edit: It also seems to add escapes to the text to make it a bit neater than what I suggested. I think it's quite possible the level of violence seemed excessive even to the society itself. A common problem that's cropped up in a number of modern countries is weddings getting more and more expensive. If weddings are an important means of displaying status, and it might shame the family to seem poor, then there is clearly going to be a drive that direction. Pretty soon, people are bankrupting themselves on weddings that seem excessive to everyone involved. Cultures that engage in religious sacrifice seem to have the same sort of problem. Sacrifice shows off both status and religious zeal, so there's incentive to try to sacrifice more than others. If sacrificing slaves is allowed, ending up in an extreme state isn't all that surprising. If you want to know how a student will confront a real problem, you need to create a context where they won't try to outsmart whoever wrote the question. It's entirely possible to solve a math problem using psychology instead of math, because math problems are made by people. We've all done a horrifying amount of schoolwork, and thus have a pretty good data set in our head from which to extrapolate. Suppose I tell you that an algebra textbook question includes the numbers 32, 4 and 64 in the problem text. What's the answer? I'd bet most of us would guess 2 or 4. > World-building for purposes of entertainment generally has little to do with successful prediction Do you have any evidence that that's true? A decent number of ideas portrayed in science fiction have come true, so clearly successful prediction is going on. Ultimately, economist or author are both using imagination and extrapolation. I don't see any particular reason to expect better results from the economist. Some of the examples made me wonder if only the most empathetic poor would agree to participate in a study. Given the poor prediction reputation of Economists, their attempts probably match your description as well. I'm not sure they'd bother even if it becomes available. It doesn't appear that people have had any real difficulty pulling off scams where they pretend to be the IRS, or Microsoft tech support, or some other entity to extract money. The AI would only eliminate their call center costs. People tend to screw up the unicode aspects more than the general parsing. And, indeed, the example JSON parser provided checks for a UTF-8 byte order mark, but doesn't validate that the data is valid UTF-8, so it will let through strings that might cause an application problems. Although there is a commented out method to validate a code point, so I guess he understood that it was an issue. Sure, but then you don't need to go through the whole process of publishing it. You could just post it on your blog. Do you have any data to suggest your approach works better than random selection? A lot of hiring managers seem to admit to not bothering to read cover letters. I diligently entered cover letter and resume information into a spreadsheet when hiring, and to be perfectly honest, the only correlation I could find between cover letter + resume and interview results was resume length. Those "white men" (I guess Asian gaming isn't a thing?) are apparently doing a pretty good job appealing to women as some studies have suggested they're roughly half of the game playing demographic: http://www.dailydot.com/parsec/adult-women-largest-gaming-de... It may be correct that women want something different than men, but I don't think its true in the way they imagine. A lot of women seem to have enjoyed "The Sims", but many of them appear to have spent their time in-game torturing their hapless sims. Yes, small software firm I worked at was purchased by Valassis Inc. A few people left immediately. He presents no example of "doing it right", and in fact smugly dismisses the people who attempted to do what he's suggesting: > here’s been some sympathy from the press, sure: the dispatches from “heroin country” that read like reports from colonial administrators checking in on the natives. Seems like he's just adding more smugness. > they voted for him out of economic desperation Really? The entire election can be boiled down to a single, concrete, easily understood reason? There's no diversity of thought at all? How remarkable. I'm not sure the law matters all that much. I'm a bit doubtful the modern day US military would be genuinely willing to use violence to retain a state that tried to leave peacefully and democratically. Also, California already has a militia. We just call it the "National Guard" these days. The reason we consistently end up with a roughly equal two party split is because the need to get 51% of the vote. The Democrats would just adjust the party platform and pull some dis-satisfied portion(s) of the Republican party in until the vote was roughly 50-50 again. It depends how they ended up in that state. If someone slowly fails, the family has more time to accept things, and know what kind of decision they might have to make. It's become "the narrative", but it has some obvious problems as you note. Sometimes the explanation that gets shoved in front of your face is the one that has driven the most readership (or clicks), rather than one that matches what actually occurred. De Beers specifically ran ads suggesting that you should spend 2 months salary on your ring, and people bought that idea: http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/304/media/images/74843000/jpg/_... When you go to buy a ring they even ask you how much you make some of the time. It's not so much a signaling mechanism, as companies trying to bleed as much as you can possibly afford out of you. If we exclude the criticism of your peers who will likely question your conclusions, it's probably better to be a climate change denier. A subgroup of people will hail you as a hero, it seems to dramatically increase your odds of being invited to speak in congress, and your budget is less likely to vanish under a conservative government. I guess this is more of a shadow dom question, but what's the efficiency of the CSS with this pattern? It seems like styling is being inserted into every instance. Is there a browser feature to avoid internally duplicating it? Makes sense. Thanks. > is close to the libertarian ideal and is working Working to some extent, right? There are whole categories of products that are heavily faked or adulterated. If he'd paid a fine after they caught him, he wouldn't have gone to jail. He very openly refused to pay. He effectively went to jail for refusing to pay a fine. I've tried this myself. What you'll run into is that you tend to need a few things that are non-trivial: An implementation of malloc/free Functions to parse and print floats (somewhat system dependent) Assembly implementations of any trigonometric functions used While there is code that goes to that effort (The Go runtime comes to mind), it's quite a pain for "normal" code. There is probably more C# and Java tools than Go. There has been more time for libraries to build up. But to the general thrust of your question, because that's the problem Google was trying to solve? The built in libraries make it quite easy to write applications that speak HTTP/HTTPS in a reasonably scalable way. Rust will probably be comparable in the future, but isn't quite there yet. C/C++ remains a bit difficult, although it should become a lot easier if the C++ networking TS makes it in. The same Trump who dominated media coverage for about a year? The one who participated in televised debates seen by millions? If anything, the problem was that his views got too much coverage. The cats are pretty nice. This sort of thing needs a part 2: "What to do when you child sees through your tricks". I'm not joking about that one. It will happen. Even pets figure out some training techniques, causing them to stop being effective. > Shorter programs have less bugs[1], and run faster[2] It's quite easy to write a short, slow, buggy HTTP server. There are a lot of them. Simple observation would tend to suggest that the fast and reliable HTTP servers tend to have quite a bit of code. Sure, a lot of that is extra features that most people don't use, but it's true even if you cut that out. > So far, the company said, it’s been successful. Blocks and reports of incidents have gone up, indicating that GitHub users are actually using the site’s new tools. And when incidents do occur, the time it takes to respond to user reports has gone down. While faster response times are definitely good, higher rates of blocked users and abuse reports seem like dubious metrics for success. But plenty of sites already have floating elements that reposition based on scroll listeners. The sticky property just allows it to be done in a performant way. It's also broken for tables in Firefox despite it reporting that it supports the style: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=975644 Sending out a company wide email for a suicide attempt at a company with hundreds of thousands of workers? It seems like you'd end up sending something like one of those emails a month. It'd get depressing pretty fast... One might imagine a Christian student ignoring that possibility because the building would presumably be de-sanctified. Most of the things characters in normal stories do are going to be for practical reasons. Requiring that students find symbolic value in every detail is silly. You could just read Adobe's blog posts on this. Not hard to find: https://blogs.adobe.com/conversations/2015/11/flash-html5-an... You're comparing a rather strange selection of foods. The cheapest foods per-calorie are the things you see the poor of the word eating: rice, corn meal, beans, etc. You can buy a massive bag of rice for almost nothing, and some countries subsidize that further. When people talk about the poor living on a dollar a day, they're serious. You may notice that the poor eating those foods, and not dramatically more expensive items like soda, aren't getting fat. If you need UDP, and a UDP connection can't be set up, aren't you screwed regardless? It appears to be a requirement for these "falsehoods programmers believe about X" to include a few items that no one genuinely believes. Doctors that specialize in things insurance rarely covers, like cosmetic surgery, are often quite upfront with costs. The complexity of insurance seems to be a big part of the problem. And you see that with cars too. If someone is having an ordeal related to auto-maintenance, you often hear insurance mentioned... Since I imagine you're looking for unusual answers that an engineer type could conceivably transfer to: Theme park design/engineering Museum exhibit design/construction It's tempting to think we can mimic the example of a small country, but it's unfortunately quite difficult to know if the policies mattered, or if it has to do with cultural and economic forces that the government doesn't have much influence over. Imagine you take the US, and you just cut it into small "nations" arbitrarily. Despite having the same laws and policies, you'd see a huge amount of diversity when it comes to crime rates, wealth, income distribution, and so on. It might also just be that it is a bigger and older company, which entices a different group of people. I have noticed some ethnic bias in hiring for test/quality engineering roles. My working theory is that, for cultural reasons, some people are mostly looking to work for a big firm, and are thus happy in such a role. The rest think of it as too dull sounding. Quite a few keyboards have some sort of tactile way of telling if your hands are on the "home row". The Macbook pro I'm using has small lines under the F and J keys. That's all you need to position if you can touch type. I suppose that's not perfect if you can't find the key, but echoing what you type is enough for most cases. I strongly suspect that while Bukowski might have been depressed at his job, he probably had some cheerful as fuck coworkers annoying the crap out of him. I have a friend who became a barista out of university. For most people that would be a depressing failure to get a "real job", but she got enthused, became hugely knowledgable about coffee, and seems to enjoy it. Her company keeps shipping her out to various coffee related events, so they clearly like her. Sometimes people fit snugly into a crack in the world that fits their shape, and sometimes no such crack exists. It looks like you can just mark it as being for presentation: Although the screen readers seem to do a decent job of doing this automatically. How much time does it take to understand something with sufficient depth to make a sound judgement? It would be nice if the answer could somehow always be a short expert witness testimony, but the reality seems to be that in some areas it's months or years of study. In your example, you'd have to explain what source code is, what a graphics library is, methods of representing and comparing source code, and how the applicable laws are supposed to function. Sure, you could probably give them a vague impression in a short time, but not enough to decide something complex. This is imagining humans to be useful in a way I wouldn't expect. You have a guy who posted a lot of paid ads despite warnings, and a woman who genuinely did post child pornography. Do we really imagine that reaching a human would have somehow changed the outcome? They definitely did violate the rules, so I imagine the call center employee would just confirm it, tell them as much, and hang up. Sure, it's possible for a human to make such a judgement call, but most of the time call center staff are going to be working from a script and trying to get done with your call as fast as possible. There's not going to be a path on their script for "was indeed child porn, but it seems okay", except perhaps for account theft. A little Googling suggests people have gotten things appealed, so it's more likely that humans are taking a look, but they're just not producing the outcome you want. I'd view their numbers with some doubt, given that there has been a whistle-blower lawsuit related to it: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-oracle-lawsuit-accounting-... > The magic of bundle economics allows consumers to get more for less Sometimes, yes, but sometimes it's basically a scam that relies on consumers having few options and low negotiating power. Companies always want to come as close as possible to charging you without providing anything in return. Phone companies prefer to charge you for potential minutes for month, rather than actual minutes used, as then customers pay for the purely theoretical unused minutes. Cable companies prefer to bundle channels because you have to pay for the ones you don't watch. > aren't engaging with the facts in an honest and forthright way. One of the more roundabout ways of calling someone a liar that I've seen. Companies often don't know why they succeeded. They have some idea, but it's an incomplete and biased picture. There is a tendency to credit company culture, but presumably some companies have succeeded in spite of their culture, rather than because of it. Not having a phone is not going to seem suspicious. Even in the US, there are still people who don't own cell phones. About 5% according to the Pew Research center, after I took the difficult step of Googling it. Plus, some people don't have an international phone plan, or compatible charger, so they just leave the phone behind. To the contrary, prosperity has been a problem for some of them. The Israeli Kibbutz movement, for example, experienced a lot of tension as a result of their successful businesses: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kibbutz#Economics The reality of running a business tends to conflict with peoples ideals. The company has been successfully sued over "improper account holds" (See Zepeda v. PayPal) and the internet is utterly jam packed full of stories like yours. I don't see why people find it surprising at this point. If your country is large enough, you probably need to adjust for cost of living for a progressive taxation system to be fair. Although I suspect much of this effect is explained by the fact that states get fixed senate votes regardless of population. I'm sure I'll enjoy this as much as I enjoy the autoplay previews they won't let us disable. It can be an issue even when there is plenty of space. I recall quite a bit of drama around Doom 4: https://steamcommunity.com/app/379720/discussions/0/35728611... But besides annoyance to customers, remember that bandwidth costs are quite large for popular products. Something like a browser or MS Office update is going to get downloaded billions of times. Probably most places, for most of human history, given the lack of travel. Not that they didn't find other reasons to dislike their fellow humans. Except he did talk about that. He just suggested it was something different that what was presented by the narrative: > The real problems are things like unanimous votes at Venture Capital firms. There is always someone who “can’t get comfortable” with the Black guy’s deal. That just makes the problem circular. How do you find these managers that are good at judging people? Also, you're clearly laying out metrics: communication ability and timeliness. They're just somewhat generic metrics.