Uh, I spend about 5% on rent, another 5-6% on drugs, and go out for food occasionally. No other expenses. I don't, um, save, though, so you might want to listen to someone else. "Source: EMC" (EMC sells "Big Data" storage.) s,JSON,BSON,g These logs are for machines, and should be compact -- why use JSON at all? All this method does is break the continuous [0,1) range into enough discrete buckets that each bucket contains at most two choices. Because the buckets are the same "probability-size" you can pick a bucket with O(1) and then do an O(1) comparison. Everything between "Loaded Die with a Fair Die" and "Vose's Alias Method" seems superfluous. Better than "how to XXX your start-up" and "business blah blah". So TRESOR needs to submit an acceptable patch to the nice kernel.org folks, and then it can ship as a distro default. One could imagine a "bzoncat" utility which simply reads bson objects on stdin and emits formatted json objects on stdout. I don't know, the difference probably doesn't matter. Server seems severely overloaded -- here's the latest archive.org mirror: http://web.archive.org/web/20101017092822/http://www.jamesmo... This is not relevant to fountain codes. This is like reading a newspaper article on computing ten years ago. The author is not a domain expert. I think depression is an issue among people in general. Perhaps people on HN are simply more willing to share with the (psuedonymous) internet at large? Yes. size_t is actually 32-bit on some 64-bit platforms; you want uint64_t. scp has some end-to-end latency for each file transferred. This means that for lots of small files, a single tar file stream is much quicker than 'scp -r'. Cool trick -- thanks! I'm curious what their performance numbers look like if they host the .git repo on tmpfs -- 15GB isn't unreasonable on a beefy (24-32GB of ram) machine. One of the biggest problems with this style of "scan all memory" GC is that you have to stop all threads (flush all pointers to memory) to perform a collection. Pointers held in registers in other active threads are inaccessible to the GC thread. Failing to stop the world (or ensure all pointers are in memory rather than registers) can result in live objects being collected. This happened to Ruby at one point: http://timetobleed.com/the-broken-promises-of-mrireeyarv/ Edit: This boils down to breaking the compiler's model of memory as specified by the C standard; all bets are off. Boehm controls malloc; it knows where the heap is. In general, yes, the more memory you have allocated, the slower BoehmGC will be. It checks both stack and heap. Typo: "This let's great dealers shine" -> "This lets great dealers shine" No. It's direct DMA from the hardware. Anyone who can backdoor a release on their FTP server can easily upload a new CHECKSUM file. Many users probably do not bother to check the hash. Even if you use public key crypto to sign the hash, users probably don't know your public key in advance. An attacker can sign their malicious hash with any valid public key they like. This article is almost as hilarious as the RIAA president's op-ed; unfortunately, this one doesn't reveal the author's name. I'm guessing you meant "sordid" history, as in: Sordid \Sor"did\, a. [L. sordidus, fr. sordere to be filthy or dirty; probably akin to E. swart: cf. F. sordide. See {Swart}, a.] 1. Filthy; foul; dirty. [Obs.] 2. Vile; base; gross; mean; as, vulgar, sordid mortals. (1913 Webster's) Try the LICENSE file or header comments in the sources. I would love to be able to use this at work (unfortunately, our lawyers take issue with GPL libraries…). I don't have a budget, and it's not worth enough to fight legal and/or someone with a budget for this. I don't mean to complain about the license — when I write open source code, I use the GPL too. That being said, I maintain a network file daemon for work and would be interested in using this library to simplify the code (assuming it benchmarks and tests OK). That's all. No. If you don't want to give ad money to the disgusting pile of slop that is phoronix, here are the relevant upstream mailing list links: "GCC 5?" http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2012-03/msg00256.html "GCC 5 & modularity": http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2012-03/msg00263.html They have a tendency to make stuff up. Among other things, they publish performance data which doesn't actually measure what they claim it does. "How not to write a HN headline" Yeah, someone is going to figure out how to give themselves 20000 billion by working around the hardware and Mintchip will die real quick. Last release was 13 months ago; if you follow the Ti calculator community ( http://www.ticalc.org/ ) you'll know this is fairly old news. Cool, I missed that. Yep. In my experience, banking and financial websites have much worse password policies than the web at large. E.g., fidelity.com has a maximum password length of 12 characters. USAA has a maximum password length of 12 characters. What the fuck. I've been experimenting with waking up at 5am to go running. So far, it's been great. I feel much more productive when I have some time to myself at work in the morning. The hardest thing is coping with friends whose schedules are offset so much from mine. For me, waking up this early means I need to go to bed around 8-9pm. So, I don't wake up this early every day. For those with trouble sleeping so early, I find melatonin useful for sleeping earlier. Lots of sources on wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobile_phones_and_driving_safe... So, last time this was posted I commented that I was interested, but couldn't use this at work because of the GPL license. Since then I implemented my own M:N userspace:kernel threading library (which is what lthread boils down to) based on Russ Cox's BSD-licensed libtask. You know what I found? 1) Many libc routines require a surprisingly large amount of stack. 64kiB was the smallest power of 2 I could find where I wouldn't overflow the stack somewhere in a libc call. (This isn't a problem with stack-copying, but it is a problem if you have dedicated per-lthread stacks). 2) It was slow! Just dropping the M:N library and using blocking network I/O with 200+ kernel pthreads was vastly faster. 3) Many pthread-functions get very, very confused if they are used from different pthreads (same logical "lthread"). (This happens when a userspace scheduler swap happens between matching operations.) For example, pthread mutexes don't like to be locked in one pthread and unlocked in another pthread (same "lthread"). I ran into other things that match this category, but can't remember them off of the top of my head. I ended up scrapping it and just using a pool of kernel pthreads. It works, the code is pretty clear (blocking IO! whatever, man), and it's fast enough. Edit: By "fast enough", I mean "can fill 2x 1Gbit pipes from disk" (without any perf-focused work thus far). Cool! Thanks. Edit: looks like you missed COPYING; it's still GPLv2 (whereas LICENSE has BSD-looking text). A hacked up FreeBSD libc (we make a FreeBSD-derived operating system). Some of the authentication/credentials code, for example, creates a bunch of large stack frames. Since I can't edit this post anymore, here's the relevant code: https://github.com/cemeyer/taskmn (Buyer beware: this is basically a snapshot of it at the point we decided to drop it entirely; I poked it enough to get it to compile under GCC / linux, but haven't verified functionality at all.) More edits: 4) Re: Stack-copying; I found that without any attempt at optimizing memory use, my "light" threads were consuming on the order of ~600 bytes of stack (when de-scheduled); with a stack copying approach and a run-time stack of 128kiB, calling large-stack-using libc functions was fine. 5) Re: per-task dedicated stack memory; the default amount of memory allocated per-pthread on our platform is 128kiB, so 64kiB isn't great savings. I detected stack corruption at 32kiB and below by setting a canary value (at the top of the allocated stack) in the scheduler before running a ready "lthread." No problem :-). Re: "lower efficiency… is acceptable in such a use case": Maybe — it really depends on your use case. In the case you describe, sure. In my particular (specialized) case: 1) My clients are connected by 1Gb or 10Gb switched ethernet, and they are typically on firewalled local networks. I don't worry about trickle-style DoS attacks. (In other words: my threads are mostly-active, not mostly-dormant.) 2) My clients really only care about sustained streaming throughput. So, if they can max out the underlying disk with 20-30 simultaneous connections, they won't bother throwing 1000s of connections at my server. pthread-per-connection works great for this circumstance (with a pre-allocated thread pool). Use the right tool for the job ;-). According to SF, it was last updated in 2009 (is it actively developed?). I don't see much in the way of examples on the SF page, which is a bit off-putting. I guess I'm curious about the model it uses and how it performs, but my best guess is that it's not radically different from lthread or any other M:N userspace threading library. Do you know more? They're different beasts entirely. One key distinction is that GCD requires kernel support, while lthread and friends simply sit on top of any pthread-compatible system. As I understand it, GCD is based on an old systems idea (1991): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheduler_activations It also has some auxiliary stuff (compiler-level support for C closures (Clang blocks), etc…) to "make threading easier," like you say. Or for that matter, WINE? The same way the underlying printf implementation does? This isn't wrapping printf(3), just the underlying write(2). Are you trying to ask if it catches, e.g., format string vulnerabilities? I think the answer to that is: Native Client's aim is to be a safe x86 VM, so — hopefully. But to me personally, it seems unlikely that they've thought of everything. I have. I've read both Paxos papers from the parent and grandparent comments. Comparatively, the linked article is succinct, well-written, and (relatively) easy to understand. Yes, I meant the topic article. I have some dog-eared printouts of "Paxos Made Simple" and "Paxos Made Live" lying on my floor. There are a few sentences every screen, and then scroll scroll scroll. It's like having a page full of banner ads… Tl;dr: Use HMAC for Hash-based Message Authentication Codes and hash functions for hash functions. Don't use them the other way around. PS, maybe more developers should take an intro course on crypto. Nope, you've got the two backwards. The same way as in this case… sex under false pretenses is not consensual; i.e., it is sexual assault / rape. An example of this might be pretending to be someone's wife to sleep with him. While this might appear consensual to you, this is sexual assault because the victim may have chosen not to consent if he had been given the truth at the time of the assault. I love the GCD api too, but I don't think the kernel support is there in linux. Someone has to fill the coffee ;-). Jokes aside, having someone else ask you questions about your software is a pretty good way to become familiar with it. I've read better articles on Unix. Just a few thoughts: 1) Software packages should probably install into /usr/local by default, not /usr as the author suggests. Distributions can always pass an option to install into /usr in their build scripts. In my experience as a distro packager, plenty of package-build/install systems install to /usr/local by default (autotools, python's disttools IIRC, etc). 2) FreeBSD (and likely other *BSD OS) ports install into /usr/local. So, if you're using the ports system for package management, you might still be screwed. (Of course, if you, as an admin, don't notice that you're installing over system packages, your system is going to end up hosed some day anyway.) At the end of the day, go ahead and use /usr/local. But be aware what your system does with it, and that other 3rd party packages may randomly scribble all over it as well. Trivial. See this "Readable C implementation of Keccak": http://www.mjos.fi/dist/readable_keccak.tgz 40ms extra latency on wifi is nothing compared to packet loss. Still, statistically unlikely ;) I don't have any sources to cite, obviously, but from what I know of it, quite a lot is grown locally (i.e., in Washington state). It's maybe less risky than moving it over the Canada-US border, and Washington has been fairly soft on marijuana users for a while (medical marijuana for two decades[0], lowest priority for the Seattle police department since 2003[1]). There have been ~illegal medical marijuana coops in Seattle for a long time now[2]. (IIRC, Washington's medical marijuana laws allowed patients to grow a few plants, but didn't allow for dispensaries[3]. Obviously federal law is different, which is what the DEA is acting on.) Those coops are largely stocked from locally grown plants. It wouldn't surprise me if some medical marijuana patients also sold into the grey/black market for some extra cash. [0]: http://apps.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=69.51a&full... [1]: http://clerk.ci.seattle.wa.us/~scripts/nph-brs.exe?d=CODE... [2]: http://slog.thestranger.com/slog/archives/2011/11/15/feds-ra... [3]: http://www.komonews.com/news/local/125532903.html Marijuana is sold by weight; this might have something to do with it. Producing high-quality consumable marijuana is a bunch of work. You have to be careful to separate the female plants, prune low THC content leaves and stems from the flowering buds, etc; the cartels don't seem to put this much work into the cannabis they grow. Cartel marijuana often has tons of leaves, stems, and seeds in it. It's earned the name "Mexican ditch weed." Right, it's likely they're already in those markets (harder drugs, etc) in some way and are saturated: they can't pump more money out of them. Taking away marijuana revenue takes away a fixed amount of their income. Actually, if either of these conditions are met, it's legal to grow in Washington: * Medical cannabis patient (limited to some small number of plants, like CO), or * State-licensed grower under I-502 This article misses a few points. I'm not going to cover all of them, but here's my pet issue: Yes, you can access existing Gmail accounts over Tor. But in my experience, it is damn hard to create them over the anonymizing network. Google wants a mobile phone number, which of course defeats the point. On the other hand, Hotmail had no such requirement last time I attempted this… Yeah, inconvenient security isn't useful. Atwood's an American. Writers will write what they know… they're hardly obligated to use an unfamiliar measurement system for your convenience. That and cost. No one is willing to pay for supersonic flight, and the sonic boom makes it obnoxious over land. You can absolutely page in data from Flash memory as needed, it's just non-trivial (and not handled by the "OS"). On devices with flash memory as an extension of RAM (TI 83+, 89, and 89 titanium), this could help for read-only level data that isn't needed all of the time. Edit: Of course, Joltima targets the TI-83 (different from the 83+), which doesn't have any flash memory. Bravo, Justin Karneges. (Neckbeards are a cost.) Exactly. I don't use chrome sync, never observed this crash. Okay, if your entire route is along the Burke, bicycling is great. But if you have to go anywhere in downtown, you chose between battling cars and riding the bus. (Disclosure: I biked SODO to and from Cap hill for a while. 4th Ave during rush hour is a nightmare =).) Next: Native Facebook for desktop! Can you expand on why the lack of personal income tax is a good thing? Instead, WA has roughly 10% sales tax which some would say disproportionately taxes the poor. "data = " + str(data), should probably be "data = " + repr(data), Outside of winter (November -> March) the rain is really light and doesn't interfere with wandering around outside. But I'm a Seattlite =). Sure, but what makes the whole "in a browser" genre interesting is that (usually) you don't need special dependencies to get started. If I need Silverlight and the whole .NET compiler, why not just tell me to download Visual F# Express Edition to get started? Because RAM is orders of magnitude more expensive than spinning rust, or even SSDs. Microkernels were an immensely popular idea in academia (Mach, Minix, …) when Hurd was begun; I don't think the fundamental problem with them — performance is horrible — had been made obvious yet. Microkernel design is probably a good idea, but the message passing overhead kills actual microkernel implementations. I've heard the Windows NT kernel described as being designed like a microkernel architecture (separate modules with clear APIs), but with direct function calls instead of message passing. I don't know if the Linux/BSD kernels are much different — I've poked at all three, and at a high level they look very similar. To quote that bastion of Jimmy Wales: "Although Mach is often mentioned as one of the earliest examples of a microkernel, not all versions of Mach are microkernels. The project at Carnegie Mellon ran from 1985 to 1994, ending in apparent failure with Mach 3.0, which was finally a true microkernel. Mach and its derivatives are in use in a number of commercial operating systems, … most notably Mac OS X using the XNU operating system kernel which incorporates an earlier (non-microkernel) Mach as a major component. Neither Mac OS X nor FreeBSD maintain the microkernel structure pioneered in Mach."[0] [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mach_(kernel) No. It seems like a trade-off: obvious control flow and some extra `if intermediate_result is None: return BogusValue` error checks are replaced by non-obvious control flow. Is the only value that you save a few lines of error-checking? It just doesn't seem worth it to me. The messages are stored for two days. Backups for 90… And: writing to (spinning) disk takes on the order of milliseconds. 20 seconds of RAM storage time (versus milliseconds) means several orders of magnitude larger working set size, which may well be larger than you can afford… Anonymous HN readers, why the downvotes? I feel like Mach's wikipedia page succinctly answers the parent's question and gives some interesting background. Am I crazy? > I think your (sic) arguing against abstractions in general No. > We replaced a manual, verbose and error-prone pattern with a standardized abstraction Alternatively, we replaced some easy to follow procedural code with a manual, verbose, and error-prone abstraction. I have no idea what is going on with the author's decorated classes, generators, etc. How do you create a new monad pattern and debug it? All code is imperfect; it feels like we're just shifting some of the logic around to a different place. > since most abstractions we care about obscure control flow - whether functions, loops or monadic bind This is apples and oranges. Functions and loops are straight-forward, monadic bind (in this framework) involves indirecting through a bunch of complicated Python magic. > I don't write my own stack push/enter/pop to call functions, and nor should I have to write out all the other boilerplate control flow patterns I use, when it can be simply programmed into a monad, and left to the compiler. It sounds like an arguments from the exceptions camp — "everything would be so much better if we didn't have to check error returns from every subroutine!" But like exceptions over error codes, I think introducing monads is inventing a bigger problem to solve a comparatively small problem. Just my 2¢. Tl;dr: Revoking a user's access to "Dropbox for Teams" kills their entire account, including content created / accesses granted before joining the team. I think that part of this is that most of the lower 48 US states (24-47° North) are closer to the equator than most of England (50-54° North). 95°F isn't an extremely hot day. We get 95°F days in the summer in Seattle, the city of perma-drizzle (47° North). From personal experience, most houses in this area don't have air conditioning. In the South, people regularly see much hotter days (I think Arizona (33°N) tops 110°F / 43°C during the summer). Also, traditional grep can easily find 'silver needle': `grep silver\ needle haystack`. However, it is perfectly possible in Linux to turn overcommit off. So you still need to check (or segfault…). Looking at the heart rate charts on the front page, it seems that the rates during meditation are actually much higher on average (eyeballed at 92 bpm) than the rates while surfing the internet (eyeballed average of 75 bpm) (and while the meditation rates have a lower variance, their mean seems to be in about the same range as the absolute highest heart rates while surfing the web). As someone who knows nothing about meditation (but obviously I have some background assumptions), this is surprising to me. I would expect meditation to be relaxing, and I would expect to see lower, i.e., closer to resting heart rates ( In general, the interview questions I've gotten are designed to test general CS knowledge and the ability to translate an algorithm into code. This is important, and as an interviewer myself, a lot of candidates fail at the translating to code step. Design questions are (at a high level) maybe even closer to "how would you do your job?" than coding questions. I have yet to see a company ask for specific experience with VB.net 2012 edition and exclude candidates like myself who are only familiar with C/Python/Java. If they do, I'd recommend straight out lying (for languages). You can pick languages up really quickly. For platforms, maybe you really should know it and it is actually relevant to your potential job. If the job you are applying for is to work on a rails site or develop a mobile app, I would argue that it is pretty important that you are already familiar with those technologies (and their pitfalls)… I wouldn't exclude someone unfamiliar with a specific framework, but as an employer you understand that ramping them up to speed is going to take a significant amount of time. Fwiw, CascadeLink is a high-speed apartment building ISP in the Seattle area (or at least, I that's why I recognize the name). Some of my friends get 30/30 for $40/mo. You would have to, wouldn't you? It's Oracle... But both clients still need to be able to decrypt it with their separate keys... even if the cleartext hash matches, the stored data is ciphertext and can only be encrypted with one user's key. True. But -1*INT_MIN is still 1 greater than INT_MAX in two's complement ... so that's signed overflow and thus undefined behavior in C. Assuming x86 signed overflow behavior, you're just back to INT_MIN again? Or am I crazy? Sorry, the use of the nym INT_MIN suggested to me that the implementation under the covers was C. It looks like it was once an interpreter, but is now compiled down to CLR and run with Mono. But, how does the second user to upload the same file know the file's encryption key (since presumably the server only knows ENCRYPT(FILE_KEY with USER1_KEY))? It seems like either the server must know the file's encryption key, or the key must be derivable from the contents... which is no good. Wolves and dogs can't do this over nearly the same distance humans can — they shed body heat through panting and can only keep up a run for 3-6 miles[0]. Humans can run marathons. [0]: I don't remember my source for this, sorry. But this is interesting for similar reasons: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man_versus_Horse_Marathon Edit: I should say, wolves/dogs can run for long distances too, at a slower gait. But they can only out-pace human marathon-distance runners for a few miles before overheating. Edit 2: Found a source[1]: "Dogs can gallop for only about 10 to 15 minutes before reverting to a trot, and so their distance-running speed tops out at about 3.8 meters per second." As commenters below have pointed out, yes, if it's cold enough, this doesn't matter ;-). [1]: http://www.slate.com/articles/sports/sports_nut/2012/06/long... Tl;dr: Use int i = round(f); instead of: int i = (int)f; Good point! Also, humans do not run very well in snow (bipeds, too much weight per surface area, too high center of gravity and stride length...). Rock on, Microsoft — this is great news for Windows developers. As much as the open source community (of which I am a part) loves to rag on Microsoft, they seem to have recognized the threat of platforms moving off of Windows (Steam, iPads, Android, ...) and are taking reasonable steps to encourage development for Windows (make the developer experience better). This — a reasonable response to a potential threat — is a huge step for Microsoft. Kudos, VS team. Fwiw, my employer (large East coast USA software firm) also MITMs Github (and the rest of HTTPS, excluding a small whitelist). Their MITM software doesn't even bother to validate the certificates on their side of things, where it is possible. It is … not very awesome. > "No browser would prevent the authorities from using their ultimate tool though: certificates signed by the China Internet Network Information Center. CNNIC is controlled by the government through the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. They are recognized by all major browsers as a trusted Certificate Authority. If they sign a fake certificate used in a man-in-the-middle attack, no browser will warn of any usual activity." That is the important part. I am surprised China isn't doing this already. Maybe they are doing so, but only for targeted attacks. The CA community really shouldn't grant China any CA authority whatsoever... OP here. Actually, their logic is that this way they can scan files for viruses (not kidding). (E.g., from gmail attachments.) No, they MITM google as well as everyone else. The whitelist includes yelp, for some reason... not really sure what else. I definitely do not add their MITM CA as a trusted root in my browser... I don't want my corp firewall spying on net traffic, so I don't add them to the trusted CAs DB. It would be slightly more palatable if the firewall did cert validation on the other side of things… but they don't. Specifically, I am imagining attacks against political dissidents inside China. Sure, technology savvy folks like us can just un-trust the CNNIC CA. But your average person doesn't know enough to do so. You or I can, sure. But most people don't know how to. And even I use chrome on many machines… should I have to remember to un-trust CNNIC on every single browser I use? Maybe your older relatives were already familiar with computers, but, anecdotally, watching my parents, aunts, and grandparents attempt to drive multiple layers of menus … I do not think they could figure out how to un-trust CNNIC (and they wouldn't understand what the impact was, anyway…). Yes, getting around it is easy. It's just obnoxious, and adds latency, and application support for SOCKS is shitty, and … I guess I could set up OpenVPN on a VPS or something. Obligatory plug of Bootleggers and Baptists: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootleggers_and_Baptists I sold at $17 and don't regret it (bought at $14-15 earlier that week). But my typical use is of bitcoin is a as barter currency (where the other party only cares about dollar value), I'm no speculator. Oh, for me it was more like 2-3 BTC. So not a big risk to me either way ;-). Not OP, but I'll fill in the blanks for you: (1) Bubble: http://www.economist.com/blogs/babbage/2011/10/virtual-curre... (2) Fraud and Robberies: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Theft_and_fraud (3) Money laundering: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silk_Road_(anonymous_marketpla... , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Taxation (4) Gambling: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Gambling (5) Ponzi Scheme: See "Bitcoin Savings and Trust" in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin#Theft_and_fraud Almost all of that was found in the Wikipedia article for Bitcoin (with citations). Please don't be too lazy to do your own research… Ruby follows this same model. See the macro FIXNUM_P()[0] and FIXNUM_FLAG[1]. Edit: Every ruby value is either an fixnum (invalid pointer marked with FIXNUM_FLAG), a pointer to a real ruby value, or possibly an invalid, sentinel pointer. The comment block starting at [2] is informative. [0]: https://github.com/ruby/ruby/blob/cbd1f2571af6bf93d5c4d4c25b... [1]: https://github.com/ruby/ruby/blob/cbd1f2571af6bf93d5c4d4c25b... Edit: It is assumed that pointers will be at least 16-bit aligned and thus, an odd-value pointer is never valid. So they can safely re-use half of the value space for integer values. So, you get fast integer arithmetic, but you don't get the fast floating point math like you do with NaN-boxing. [2]: https://github.com/ruby/ruby/blob/cbd1f2571af6bf93d5c4d4c25b... Edit-period has expired, so I'm replying to myself. The sentinel pointers work like this: the zero page is assumed to never point to a valid Ruby object (NULL through NULL+PAGE_SIZE-1), so they just use some otherwise "pointer" shaped numbers in that range as special values (nil, true, false). The reason WINE works is that it essentially runs x86 programs as-is and provides the needed linkage (shared libraries) used by the Windows programs. (Windows syscalls are usually issued through an intermediary shared library, so WINE can trap them there.) Much of this work is re-implementing the various libraries; bugs in WINE can usually be attributed to missing functionality (incomplete or stubbed functions) or bugs in the WINE implementation. Running an x86 program directly on ARM is … impossible. So maybe WINE on ARM can serve to run WinRT applications… but none of the existing x86 Windows applications can run without x86 emulation, which would be absurdly slow on Android devices. Edit: Another commenter says that the project wiki suggests using qemu to run the x86 code on ARM, and then trap calls into native (ARM) WINE libraries. This approach seems unlikely to yield good performance. I am concerned that different C and C++ calling conventions means some additional work will have to be done to cleanup function arguments at every call, which is just more overhead on top of x86 emulation… Sure, but then it's just normal WINE. Not WINE on ARM, which is suggested by the article =). Good question. I am not actually familiar with the specifics of WinRT; I haven't touched Windows regularly since the early 2000s. > So this b-tree implementation must be tailored to cache-line size, and it may performs badly on some CPUs. Um, no, Btrees are always going to win here as long as key size is relatively small compared to the number of items in the structure. Btrees, for small keyed associations, have a much better "branching factor per cache line." This means that fewer cache misses are needed to find relevant items (insert, delete, read, …), because the trees are shallower, and the cost of a cache miss on a btree node isn't much more expensive than an R-B node. Benchmark everything and tune your B-Tree container size appropriately, definitely. You could even instantiate the template with multiple different sizes at compile time and benchmark them at run-time, then elect the most efficient implementation for the hardware currently being used. I agree with everything you have said. I would just add that I think many of the most useful (and widely used) Windows applications do do heavy lifting in native code — Word, Excel, and Photoshop are all good examples here. They aren't explicitly number-crunching like BTC mining or SETI@Home, but there is a lot of x86 code running under the hood. Multicast on the internet is a nice dream. Will it actually happen with IPv6? My understanding is there is a barrier to adoption ­— basically all routers involved need to be aware of the multicast initiation/join/leave protocol, and basically, there's a bunch of old hardware/software out there that isn't aware. Is all IPv6-capable hardware capable of this (given that IPv6 came out in ... 1998)? At my employer, we use Outlook for mail and calendaring. Currently I have to remote desktop into a server to use Outlook or run a Windows VM on my Linux workstation. If MS releases this, my company can simply license Office for Linux and we can access it "natively" (modulo it'll be a closed-source binary). There is a market for this, if small. On the other hand, I'm terrified ;-). Quoth oliland: > When I was younger I went out of my way to get a V6 address just to watch it in color ;) Note the semi-colon ;-). Sure, but a reboot would be obvious, and writing to a partition while the OS has it mounted seems like it could go quite poorly... Cool, I learned something. I guess the boot partition is likely to be inactive, and with a ffs-derived file system you can simply overwrite some file in place with your own functionality. E.g., replace some unused driver code with your rootkit, which loads itself on probe. HPMOR can tend more towards fiction and less of this rationality stuff, but that's why it is a fun read. I like 'ctags' for the editor integration (vim) -- never got a handle on cscope's interface. > The speed limit is 55 mph on most highways Really? In this part of the country (pacific northwest) the speed limit on interstates is 60 mph in the city and 70 mph in the country. As minimaxir says, this is the weekends. Amazon.com gets big traffic spikes during the typical work week, I suspect HN's traffic spikes are the same effect =). While your satire is super clever, I think it is misdirected. OP is talking about the coordinated country-wide crackdown [0] on OWS (likely coordinated to kill media interest), not about the OWS folks themselves. The FBI coordinated take-down plans with local police, DHS, and big banks. That much seems pretty clear. [0]: http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2012/dec/29/fbi-coor... Zed Shaw benchmarked epoll vs poll a while back[0]. It looks like it really depends on the proportion of "active" clients to the total number. I would expect similar results for kqueue vs select (and as you point out, kqueue was horribly broken in OS X for a while). [0]: http://web.archive.org/web/20120225022154/http://sheddingbik... Just curious, how does ASLR make debugging painful for you? I don't know about these claims — just because most OS research is now 20+ years old doesn't mean that a result, process isolation, is antiquated. You likely use a very modern operating system with process time-sharing (1964) using virtual memory (1950s/1960s) and so many other results of OS research from 30+ years ago… This is how science works: research suggests some result; until other research suggests a different result, the first result is our best working hypothesis. Process isolation is hardly antiquated. I haven't tried it yet myself, but supposedly GDB has supported reversible debugging since 2009[0] — any experience with that? Limitations? [0]: https://www.gnu.org/software/gdb/news/reversible.html So ... are there actual pay numbers? I don't see anything specific in the article. I also can't find Valve on glassdoor.com, although that might be a failure on my part. I've heard that the gaming industry underpays compared with other software industries, but the Valve handbook seems to claim that the pay is better than Google, Microsoft, etc. Anyone have information either way? Sorry, maybe this is obvious, but — how do you fill up a remote HD with just an IP and hostname with nmap and friends? Really? After some quick digging, nope. Tl;dr: Not by default, and only on Linux, and only with btrfs (still marked experimental) and only with the `--reflink` flag. FreeBSD `cp(1)`: `copy_file()` does a simple `read()`/`write()` loop with a buffer[0] (despite ZFS maybe supporting CoW). GNU coreutils `cp(1)`: `copy_reg()` calls out to `clone_file()` if and only if `--reflink` was passed[1], and `clone_file()` fails on everything but btrfs[2]. [0]: FreeBSD `copy_file()`: https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd/blob/master/bin/cp/utils.... [1]: coreutils `copy_reg()`: http://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=coreutils.git;a=blob;f... [2]: coreutils `clone_file()`: http://git.savannah.gnu.org/gitweb/?p=coreutils.git;a=blob;f... Ugh, this is my second least favorite "feature" of zsh. (First is "are you sure you want to delete all of the files in this directory?") And yet, at the end of the day, he has $200-300 million. I don't feel too bad for the guy. It's on by default, so you have to disable it every time you set up zsh on a new machine. Yes, it's not a big deal. I just find it annoying. Political reform sounds nice. I don't have too much to say about that; I mostly wanted to voice disagreement with your tangent: De-federalizing destroys a lot of the political and economic clout that the US can hold over other, smaller countries. This is to the advantage of all the states; I don't think any state seriously wants to secede from union and lose the benefits the federal government entails. No one is forcing the states to "hold the union together" against their will. Other benefits of a federal government: shared currency and unified economic zone makes for more efficient interstate trade (see: Germany); shared federal agencies make for more efficient shared resources vs every state doing its own thing; etc. And more specifically, re your statement "I am not sure why people in California have to live under the same rules as someone in Georgia:" they really don't. States write their own laws (in addition to federally-imposed laws for all states). Example of the day, some states have laws legalizing marriage between same-sex couples, other states have laws explicitly forbidding marriage between same-sex couples. I do not disagree with anything you are saying. My language could have been more clear — I did not mean 'moving from the federal system (divided powers, central government) to one with less state powers,' but rather TruthElixirX's idea of moving from the federal system to separate states with no central government. > > De-federalizing destroys a lot of the political and economic clout that the US can hold over other, smaller countries. > Yeah. I want that. The U.S. fucks around with other countries too much. Iran, all of South America, Asia, etc. It is not just clout, it is direct military and economic warfare to bend countries to the will of the federal government and Pentagon. That's fine. And I, too, disapprove of many of the US' actions in South America, Iran, Asia, etc. But do keep in mind the economic and quality of life consequences (for US citizens) of losing that clout, and realize that not everyone agrees with you that trading clout for good will is worth it. > You are quite wrong, "They enshrined in that document the right to change our national government through the power of the ballot -- a right that generations of Americans have fought to secure for all. But they did not provide a right to walk away from it."[1], also the Civil War moved the Union from a voluntary organization of the states to mandatory. If you think I am wrong, I do not think you understand my position. I agree, the threat of federal coercion exists. But it is not actually being exercised. The elected leaders of Louisiana, etc, do not actually want Louisiana, etc, to secede. That is why I think federal coercion is not (at present) an actual barrier to secession — I think the loss of federal benefits and subsequent trade/political disadvantage with the remainder of the US is a much greater factor. Louisiana and Georgia, etc's, politicians, business leaders, etc, realize this, which is why the only place such a statement can get any traction is on the internet where every uneducated asshole can voice their opinion. (And trolls who are fine with LA and GA being shitholes can jump in on it too.) While true, I'd like to note that the article's author does have OOB access. > Checking blocks should theoretically possible using HTTP transfers with byte ranges, if you have a separate index file with checksums for each block. That way you get failure recovery but serve your content from Really Efficient Webservers like nginx or Amazon S3. Anyone know of any projects that do this? Sure, one example is bittorrent (WebSeeding), among others[0]. Turns out bittorrent is a pretty good format for describing chunks of a file (full SHA1 per chunk, variable sized, if you care), and any httpd with byte-range support can fetch arbitrary bittorrent chunks of files. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BitTorrent#Web_seeding Might not have very good data from self-reporting, especially in the workplace. And what solution are you peddling? I don't think GP could do much better than aspirin. People get headaches out of the blue, not just from avoidable causes (hangover, ...). Good point, sir =). I approve, but a 3-week vacation is not nearly as accessible as aspirin (e.g., at my work I get three weeks of paid vacation time per year). I think the 5.8 billion may include late-payment surcharges, given that this happened in 2002 (11 years is a lot of interest). Mirror, anyone? I can't get to it on Comcast. NoSQL YesACID LBJ IRT USA LSD LSD LBJ FBI CIA LSD LBJ… > Haha. I'm afraid to look like I'm asking for my own > recreational purposes, but what doses would that be? GP here (separate work/home accounts). Anecdotally, I get a mild high from 10 mg of dextroamphetamine or adderall, and have experimentally taken as much as 30 mg. But I have zero tolerance; I've taken amphetamines less than ten times in my life. > Again, this is anecdotal and doesn't prove anything, > but when I've taken too much Adderall at once I haven't > found it very pleasant at all. It wasn't fun and nothing > about those dosages made me want to repeat the > experience, much less experiment with even higher > dosages. > (For me, "too much" would be taking 15mg in a single > dose. I know that's not a huge amount in the scheme of > things.) Yeah, at 20-30 mg there are definitely negative side effects; I wouldn't want to do anything social, like the article's author describes, at those doses. > > I agree that typical meth use is > > very different from typical medical adderall use. > > I don't mean this rhetorically at all... what do you > feel is the reason (or reasons) for this? I think they are introduced to people differently, on average. I think adderall is primarily introduced to people as medicine by some authority figure the person respects (doctor), and they're likely to stick to their prescribed doses. Vs, I think meth is more frequently introduced as a fun energy drug (or advertised as MDMA), with vague dosages, unknown quality and purity, etc. Maybe meth users titrate until they feel good, which means escalating dosages quickly due to tolerance. (I can't speak from personal experience here.) I think some minority of both adderall and meth users (ab)use the stimulants to try and overcome drowsiness and focus more on their work, like some college students (including article author). I think a fair number of people do this without any bad outcomes (myself included). But a fair number also escalate in response to tolerance, and this kind of use is problematic. Maybe awareness of tolerance, neurobiology, etc, would help? I read a lot of erowid before I ever consumed any drugs, but I also have pretty strong self-control, so I don't know that it would work for everyone. Anecdotally, I don't even try to use amphetamines for productivity anymore because they don't clear from my system fast enough to avoid interfering with my sleep. I'm more productive for one day (if that), but less productive over a two-day period. moxie, I'm curious how the "short authentication string" prevents MITM attacks — can you shed some light on this or point me to existing documentation? Thanks! """ Overall code quality: Who knows Should I use this to fight my oppressive regime? Yes -- if your fight consists of sending dirty self-portraits to your fellow comrades-at-arms. Otherwise, probably not. """ Am I missing something? Does this assume that the voice channel can't be doctored? But couldn't a MITM attacker do just that — compute the "correct" fingerprint and speak it to the recipient? True. Is he suggesting that the closed-source implementation-unknown app is better that the others, somewhere? Or is the problem that he is failing to condemn it as any worse than the others? Okay, cool. It sounds like this sort of attack is very difficult for now — but I would rather be aware of it than not. It sounds like RedPhone doesn't actually save the keys yet — it's a work-in-progress. But that makes lots of sense. A friend of mine uses it to send money to family in Russia as well. Lower overhead than Western Union, wire transfer, etc, for small sums of money. "Just" error handling? That's the hard part! For the curious / lazy with youtube-dl, the video id is "Syo5sI-iOgY". > Most apps have error handling code taking up what? 20-30% of the code at the most? For some reason I imagine this stuff being almost 70% error handling but I am not sure if that is realistic. I work in a FreeBSD-derived kernel in areas related to the buf / caching subsystem, which probably has a lot of similarities to pre-2.6 linux (they have diverged more since the 90s). I don't know that I can quantify it, but 20-30% feels like a low number. > So, assuming there are shed loads of error handling that knocks on to everything else about the system. How do they test it? One thing we use to test error-case handling is "fail points" — sysctls usable from unit tests that trigger some fault condition. These aren't perfect — they are manually added to code, and because of this, coverage is fairly low — but they're a start. > How do they spec out all the possible conditions? What do they do differently to someone writing a SaaS, Desktop app or IOS app? Good questions :-). How many people make (And re: "default", I've looked and looked, and can't find such a thing. How do you determine a "default" withholding from a W-4 other than just taking your expected income tax for the year and dividing by pay days? If you do that, you shouldn't have a $10,000 refund...) For what it's worth, in 2012 I made less than $100,000 in AGI, withheld the W-4 default for my filing status (Single, Independent), and my refund was $650. More or less right on the mark. Edit: Aha! Found it[0]. $100k biweekly is $1923/week of gross pay; let's ignore medicare and social security, etc. For Single/HoH, that's $344.20 + 28% of 1923-1732 = $397.68 weekly or $20679.36 / year[1]. Since our expected total tax is $18,500, we get back $2,100 in refund. Big-ish, but not $10,000. And only 2% of $100k. [0]: http://smallbusiness.chron.com/calculate-employer-federal-wi... [1]: page 44 of http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p15.pdf Well, C will be faster anyways... and the JVM is probably faster than v8 more times than not. The network stuff is, yeah. But presumably you want your minecraft world to be durable, which means hitting disk. And you don't want your network stuff blocked behind that. "NetBSD turns 20, still lives with parents." Anyone else get: """Error: Server Error The server encountered an error and could not complete your request. If the problem persists, please report your problem and mention this error message and the query that caused it.""" When attempting to identify using a Google account? Assuming you care about the distinction between null and no such key (for many applications you can avoid storing null, IMO), you can actually perform the containsKey() after the get() for only keys which get() returns null. I think that see all of the perf overhead of a single lookup if most values are non-null. Hm, in our kernel, when we need to do floating point, we just set a flag on the thread control block which preserves the floating registers on context switch, and then do our floating point operations. Maybe there is some API abstraction hiding the messy details :). They tend to pick an asset allocation and stick to it (plus some automated whizz-bang stuff like rebalancing or tax-loss harvesting). Once picked, the asset allocation is a bunch of index funds. In general index funds are very good at tracking their benchmark indices. So it's mostly a question of, do they do a good job of picking asset allocation from the start? The robo advisors charge an extra 0.3-0.4% on top of Vanguard's expense ratios. So at the very least, from a cost perspective, they're more expensive than just using Vanguard. (Side note: The target date funds have slightly higher expense ratios than just rolling your own with the same underlying funds and "Admiral" share classes.) The question is, what is the value you're getting out of Betterment/Wealthfront? I don't recall where, but I've seen one or the other say that its estimated value-add was 0.7-1%. So less their fees, that's net positive (if you trust that). Automated tax-loss harvesting is a big deal for workers. It saves you a little income tax at your marginal rate. Automated rebalancing removes some of the annual work associated with maintaining your own portfolio (but so does a target-date fund). At the end of the day, I'm not sure they're worth the fees... I still manage my own (simple index-fund portfolio). But they're pretty close to worth it. I'm not sure I agree re (2). TLH isn't super difficult, but there are enough things to do wrong that it's easy to fuck up. And 2 x16 PCIe. Yeah, and this is weird . Most countries do not do this. 1983? He'd get in after his first try, with "password". Yes. The problem is the damn tax code changes every year (see: Intuit's lobbying) and you need to pay for an army of lawyers for when you get it wrong. The firmware author(s) should not brick their hardware when EFI variables are deleted. That is an invalid behavior. > And, that you can't distinguish b/w a regular candy and one with marijuana in it. It's easy to tell — look at the price tag. One is 25¢ and the other is $5. Remove VLAs from the language. They were a mistake. @haberman, you don't use it for constructing an object you want to return. No. You don't want the vast majority of C++ semantics; especially classes, templates, and different casting rules. Additionally C++ compilers are just slower than C compilers. > because an _optional_ feature is impractical on a few niche architectures That isn't why it's a mistake. Arrays and the stack don't mesh well together, especially arrays that aren't bounded by anything other than the width of the integral type used for the VLA length. out_error: dtor(self); This reads as unnecessarily nasty and mean-spirited. Sure, I am biased, I am a FreeBSD developer. It seems like something in the middle would be a good idea. Low cost, 2 year program, sufficient to cover some theory — but CS only, unlike community college associate degrees today. Do we really need to pay $10,000-30,000/year for gen. ed.? > Marijuana should be legal but discouraged, not permitted to be advertised, put in plain packaging, kept behind counters and not turned into novelty products that appeal to teenagers like foods. All of these requirements are implemented in the Washington state roll out. Re: discouraged, there are radio ads warning parents to talk to their kids about the dangers of marijuana. There is zero advertising and everything is behind counters at special stores that don't sell anything else. > Hard to see how it's much different to tobacco really. Hey, why leave out the other big sin drug? Alcohol gets a lot more free roam in advertising and sale/visibility in stores minors can visit. You can pretty much universally run a debit card as a credit card. It's the other way around that's expensive. Convenience is good, but it isn't exactly the same as having the full might of credit card consumer protection laws. All existing SPARC hardware is very old at this point and has horrible energy efficiency and poor performance compared to the other options, including POWER8 and ARM. ImageMagick is a poor example of "doing one thing right" because every command line tool actually does a million different things with different command line switches. Additionally, it can't do everything GIMP can (which I think you're acknowledging with the winky face). Sure it is. You have to do twice as many directory lookups, even if they're cached. ^ For other readers, Kent is the author of bcachefs and bcache. Unfortunately this slide deck is from 2010 and I don't believe bcachefs was around at the time. I, too, would be interested to see bcachefs's performance relative to the traditional Linux fs set (ext4 & XFS). > And people might run zsh and busybox on top of the Linux subsystem, and eliminate GNU entirely. Nevermind that many userspace components Linux-users interact with are not GNU projects. GNU was essential to the rise of Linux as the 3rd party operating system, and is still essential to the system today, but it is not the biggest piece. If people want to identify the system as Linux regardless of the other software in the system, it's fine by me. Yep, any useful compiler support for fence/lock intrinsics will prevent optimizing out those intrinsics. Talos plan to, if demand allows, sell you a bare bones POWER8 (CPU, heatsink, and mainboard) for $3,700 USD. https://raptorengineeringinc.com/TALOS/prerelease.php Yes, very hard to justify when a high-end 4-core Xeon outperforms on some benchmarks[0] and costs half as much or less. Not to mention vastly mature open source floating point, compiler, etc, support. As well as existing (invalid, but still) programs that assume x86isms. [0]: https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=talos-wo... You do need volatile (or equivalent) to instruct the compiler not to optimize away an access/write. Locked read/write intrinsics will already be annotated such that they don't get optimized.