http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Durability+and+Repair "Of course, some problems require greater durability: we would not recommend using it for a bond trading system." I worked for kink.com for 4 years as a lead sr software engineer. We built an amazing platform on jboss/j2ee that deals with fairly massive scale. I finally decided to move on recently in order to get a change of scenery. While looking for a new gig, every one I interviewed with was quite interested to know what it was like working in the castle. Maybe it kept me from getting a few gigs, I don't know, but the reality is that the experience I gained at kink certainly opened up a lot of opportunities that I didn't have before. I'd say don't worry about it and go for the job. One bit of insider info is that porn companies have a hard time finding really good geek talent. So, if you are truly good, and most of you probably aren't, you can use that to your advantage. Good luck on your job hunting. The boring meetings and conflicts only came relatively recently. It used to be a really fun place to work, but some hires which brought in silly cover your ass politics and corporitification (funny word) really put a damper on things. I'm not saying this to be mean, just clarifying the facts from someone who was on the inside. I do love kink.com and hope the best for them. Funny, these AHN's come up every few months or so. I wrote a good portion of the code and architecture for the kink.com sites. Decided to leave after 4 years working there pretty much because my job there was done, things work really well. Despite what people might think, it was not hard at all to find a 'real' job again as my experience working in extremely high traffic environments is desirable. I did the backend stuff, but wrote a lot of the jsp pages as well. It is all Java/J2EE/JBoss/EJB3/Hibernate with some fairly complicated single sign on stuff going on to allow cross domain auto-login. Hi HN. Great responses. The reason for the title of my posting is not to call 'Subversion A Mistake.' It was because of something Linus said in his video (which I highly recommend you watch). Basically, what he said is that if you can't trust your VCS to have the code in it that it should (and verifiable via hashes), then that is everything. I agree. The Subversion Team, who are all great people and _really_ smart, made a huge mistake with adding mergeinfo to 1.5. It is a trainwreck of pretending to be able to do merges reliably, but in reality, it plain doesn't work. I talk about two specific cases where it breaks down in my posting, but there are many more. Subversion has a lot going for it, I just think that the mergeinfo feature should just be thrown out and reworked from the ground up. My guess is that it will never happen as people will move on to newer and better systems, like git. Nice job! This is full of fail. Your email address is not your identity. I must be able to change my email address without having to change my identity. It isn't about being surprised. Apple is still supplying the JVM. At my company, some IT guy sends out an email saying 'don't install Lion cause Java isn't installed and it breaks Network Connect'. It is this kind of unnecessary confusion which doesn't help anyone. My blog post is simply telling people how they can fix their stuff after Apple decides to make things difficult and confusing for people. So then why not remove ruby and distribute that separately? How about the multi-gig translation language packs that I'll never use? The steps for symlink'ing are totally necessary in order to get click through JDK source code in Eclipse. Of course, it could be argued that Eclipse needs to be fixed to automatically look in the new location, but that location changes for every update and isn't technically 'JAVA_HOME'. Wow, you must have read my blog posting! Snow Leopard comes with Java vs. Lion not coming with Java. Seems like Lion removed Java to me! You are a perl guy, what are you doing reading articles about Java anyway? ;-) I apologize for creating a title that you would be interested in. ;-) I didn't find opening up Terminal.app and typing 'java' difficult or confusing either. The rest of the blog post (with the symlinks) is about telling Eclipse where to find the source code. That said, I think that it sure would be nice if my OS already came with Java. But I use Java every day, so maybe I'm biased. For those of you who are worried about Apple needing to spend a few of the billions of dollars it has in the bank on paying a couple engineers to maintain security patches, it doesn't have to be the Apple or Oracle one either. OpenJDK would be fine. I don't get it. So instead of trying to get paid for your work, you give it to them for free because they won't pay you? CoffeeScript FTW. https://gist.github.com/1214296 I'd be more impressed if this tutorial had included examples where you use SASS (or your favorite css compiler) for building out css. Simply because it provides you with proper organization of css rules and negates the need for naming conventions to figure out what things are. Using CSS without SASS is like writing JavaScript without using CoffeeScript. Find a job in SF? Plenty of places are hiring. http://www.google.com/search?q=ruler+pencil This is great, but after switching to CoffeeScript, I just can't imagine working directly with JS ever again. It's be awesome if you'd somehow integrate CS development into your system. Your jobs page brags that you have 14 servers on your site. WTF? I've run 15+ hardcore porn totally dynamic websites taking millions of hits on just 3 servers and two of those were just for redundancy! Seriously, I've never heard of your company and you are burning through that much cash? I'm sorry, but this really just sounds like a case of 'doing it wrong'. It really sounds like time to hit the reset button before you are completely broke. If you look at it from the point of view of creating a new company that is based online, chances are that you can design the system from the ground up to be entirely hosted in the cloud. Even better than AWS is if you can host your site on a PaaS solution such as Google AppEngine. GAE negates the need for a DBA, netadmin and a sysadmin. I'm building a web based company right now with a good friend of mine and we've gladly chosen GAE because of this single attribute. Both of us are 15+ year sysadmins as well as software engineers. That said, instead of worrying about how we are going to scale and run everything, we are able to focus entirely on the development of features and building the company. As a result, we hope to never have to hire any IT positions. In the end, I don't think the roles will go away since someone still needs to run Google. ;-) I just think that the roles will eventually morph a bit for the companies that can take advantage of PaaS solutions. Best question after the talk: "Why didn't you just use / modify an existing tool like jenkins?" Ha! =) If only open source projects had more money to spend on marketing. Too bad there isn't a more marketing professionals who like to donate their time to open source projects. =) "I thought I loved Mustache a year ago, but over time I’ve learned just how revolutionary separating templates from views is toward maintainability and collaboration." Wow, it makes me wonder what you were doing before? I'm more a fan of http://www.handlebarsjs.com/ . It has a few handy features that are missing from Mustache. oh, very helpful. thanks! I just take bits and pieces from it that I like. For example, I took the table css and modified it a bit for my tastes. Came out great. Great to know, but CoffeeScript handles most of this for you. The whole Java is too verbose argument is starting to sound like a broken record. With an IDE and tools like ProjectLombok around, you don't need to type much more than most other languages. I code a lot in CoffeeScript and Java and I type less in Java because at least it has static types and code completion. Try renaming a method or variable in CoffeeScript. ;-) ctrl-space (code completion) and annotations are your friends. Obviously Java8 makes the whole argument go away and now that the multi-year stalemate on Java7 is over, we know that Sunacle is focused on getting Java8 out as well. That is like saying a carpenter doesn't need a hammer. An IDE is just a tool for doing your job. You don't actually need an IDE to write Java, but it sure makes it a lot easier to build a house. Show me the source of both of them. Agreed. I spend way more time in the debugger in CoffeeScript than I do with Java, simply because I have no idea what type of object I'm dealing with at that particular instant. I also tend to write pages of Java code and it runs the first time because I can read it and see exactly what it is doing before it runs. The compiler also tells me what typos I have in my code before I even have to run it. I'm curious what the hebrew at the very bottom of the page says. 184 people are underpaid and living in poverty. I read the entire thing and all I could think about it was: Too Much Information. Seriously. What is more amazing is how quickly someone registered his last words.com I'm heavily using CS for my new business and I absolutely love it. I can't thank you enough for being brilliant enough to create it. This is great, I've been having a debate with a friend about this for a while now. This settles it (in my favor). I started out with sass. Then I started using twitter bootstrap, which uses less, so I switched to less because the mixin syntax is nicer / simpler (easy to switch since moving in that direction is syntactically very similar). Looking at the closure syntax, it doesn't seem like much of an advantage over less. I think I'll stay where I'm at. "We had a backup from earlier in the week" week? That seems kind of off. I'd suggest setting up backups more often than that, especially for production data. Sorry to hear about that. I destroyed a drive once a long time ago (~1994) as well. Happens to the best of us. Years ago, he paid for a site license for one of my small shareware projects when he only needed a single copy. I was so happy. I heart woz. 16 is a great age to start to learn how to write code. You've got plenty of time to hone your skills and this will make you much more marketable when you graduate high school and/or college. What skills do you have? It seems that Ruby developers are the hot ticket in SF these days, so if you can find a job, maybe they will sponsor your visa. Took me a few plays of the video to figure out what was going on. I finally noticed it in the bottom right corner. That said, it is pretty and unique. Haven't seen a loader like that before. I'm a huge fan of CS (I'm spending about 10 hours a day in it right now for my startup) and I like the simplicity of the actual CS documentation. This is really nice, but a bit too 'deep' or 'tl;dr' for my personal tastes. I was able to learn the basics really quickly and then started writing code and learning more from there as I ran into things I didn't know how to do. That said, anything to further the learning of CS is great in my book. Nice job. I applaud you for having a business model. As well as one that does not involve ads. That said, I can't see myself (or anyone else for that matter) spending $10 a month (per user) on the current version of service. Basically, you've implemented a relatively basic 'wall'. There really just isn't enough there to warrant spending that much money. I think you need to spend some more time on adding features than repeatedly posting to HN as a way to drum up business and feedback. Does Facebook have the ability to produce software with the required level of quality necessary to ship in consumer hardware devices? I've worked with their API's, which are core to their business, and they tend to be inconsistently implemented, changed at will and have high rates of failure. The existing culture of 'whatever, just ship it' would never produce a phone that is bug free enough to ship. I don't think the fail whales have gotten any less frequent. I still see them all the time and I hardly ever use twitter. Just because a few execs leave the company doesn't mean that would cause more fail whales. The real value is the engineering and ops teams who keep the system going. I'd look to see who on those teams have left recently. Well written. I wrote a similar article recently as well... http://lookfirst.com/2011/11/contributing-to-open-source.htm... Just because you can't 'see' the fork with subversion doesn't mean it doesn't exist. I'm sure plenty of ASF projects are 'forked' within companies and the code is never shared. What I've been advocating for a while now on the members@apache list is that the ASF look at using Github (either they host it or the ASF does) as the basis to build a new type of community that the ASF has never experienced before. Something that isn't tied to the old school. I absolutely admire you. There are so many people in this world who pretend that something is preventing them from learning or doing something and you went out just did it. You may (or may not) be the best engineer in the world, but I'd hire you in a hot second just because you have the tenacity to make it your mission to figure something out. Sometimes, 90% of writing code is just sticking with a problem until you get it. I've given 100's of interviews to people who are either fresh out of school or have been programming for a while now. The vast majority of these people have no gumption to actually create a github account or do any sort of experiments outside of what tasks they are given at work. It is very sad to me that most of these people just want to collect a paycheck. The learning never stops, keep it up. I'm sure that this is a really well implemented piece of code. However, just as a personal preference (this is not a flame or attack, just some feedback), I think a site using this would be a site I'd stop using. I find the dialog really annoying because the effect of blocking user input in order to display some sort of message seems really inhumane to me. There are better ways to do notifications without pushing a big dialog, with some text, in the face of the user. If FB served up that page with a hash of the expected permissions and then submitted the page with that hash, then this plugin would be rendered useless. I'm surprised for something like this (ie: permissions / security related), they don't do that already. The dialog is SSL, but if it was a man in the middle attack that added/removed permissions at will, then it kind of defeats the security of that dialog entirely. Interesting that it has gone away now. @jbrkr, thanks for finding a new link. I've recently explored a lot of these different time widgets. I didn't like that one because dragging a slider for the time seemed like a lot of work. I'd rather click, so I ended up with this one that is based on jquery ui as well: http://fgelinas.com/code/timepicker/ I've been using a very little know (and poorly named) template engine called Cambridge Template Engine ( http://code.google.com/p/cambridge/ ) for my latest company. The documentation is a bit thin, but the code is rock solid and very fast. Combined with JEXL for an expression language, this is one of the best server side engines I've ever used. Annotations are a huge and important part of Java. In Ruby, you don't write code, code writes you! ;-) I'd never heard of Japid before. Thanks for pointing it out. That said, using a backtick character like that seems like a really error prone approach. Definitely not my cup of tea. Conflicts in any piece of software are a pain in the butt. That is part of software development though. You say you aren't a big fan of 'heavy use of annotations' but you don't qualify what 'heavy' is so I am guessing that it is pretty much all annotations. How do you make your determination of what annotations are 'ok' and what annotations aren't? Or do you say something like 'oh, I won't use that annotation because it might blow up on me at some later date'? What is your mental process there? Is @GET good or is @POST bad? What about @Inject or @JsonProperty? The 'annotations leave a bad taste in my mouth' statement seems kind of odd to me. Generally, a language feature isn't something that I'm careful about avoiding. I could see making a statement like "I tried to use software product XYZ and it was so full of bugs that I switched to software product ABC." But annotations aren't a software product, they are a language feature that products can take advantage of. It just happens to be that two products you were using had conflicting annotations. No big deal, you still have choices as you can just swap out products. That in itself doesn't make the functionality that annotations provide taste bad. I've met people who have had this view of annotations as being some magical creature. They didn't understand them or how they worked at all. They stuck it in their heads that 'annotations are bad', so we aren't going to use them and aren't going to even bother learning how they might help us. Everything was very black and white. I found this behavior really odd because everything in software development is grey. That is a great blog posting. However, I don't know why the author would even suggest that annotations are innocent looking. They aren't any more 'innocent' than an if statement. Something like: 'if (myMethod())' could easily be a long running database query or call out to a fibonacci solver. Should we all be afraid of using if statements too? I'm sorry, but there is really nothing 'magical' about annotations. It is simply a marker on a class, property or method that other code can read from and do things with. Prior to annotations, apps were processing Javadoc (@see early versions of GWT), which was an even more terrible idea since you didn't know if it was Javadoc or an annotation. The summary is that a) software engineering is not easy and it does involve knowing what you are doing in order for things to not appear 'magical'. b) If you are going to put an annotation on something, then you should know what code is going to read that annotation and what effects it might have. That said, that isn't the fault of the annotation language feature. The thing I notice is that you weren't using branches with Subversion. For about 4 years now, I've been doing branch based iterative development. This is a great way for a team of engineers to work together and have a continuous release process. Meaning, you deploy trunk and do development on 'iterative branches' (ie: you have branches called iteration-0001, iteration-0002, iteration-0003, etc...). All works happens on the iteration branches which are then tested and merged to trunk on a regular basis as part of the release process. If you have work that spans more than one iteration, you make a branch off the current iteration. Unfortunately, subversion has a very hard time keeping track of development that way. The reason is that if you (and your co-workers) want to work on another branch off of the iteration branches (so you don't hold up a release), then merging changes from the iteration branches into your branch become a nightmare because merge tracking on your branch has no way to know what is happening on the other branches. If you don't do it right, you can end up with a branch that can never be merged back. The way merge tracking is handled is a central design failure of Subversion. I made a long blog posting about this a while back: http://lookfirst.com/2011/04/subversion-mistake.html Git handles all of this beautifully. So, while today, you might not need the extra functionality of git, it is good to have a tool which can support your needs in the future. I disagree with your argument. To you, they are all of those things. To me, they are great and none of those things. That is all I'm saying. Those Quadruple Extra Large instances are $2/hr. The 24 of them used for postgres would be like $35k/month just for that part alone. I'm guessing they are spending >$100k/month on just hosting 100+ instances. Not to mention disk, bandwidth, dns, s3, public ip's, etc. I guess my question is, how do they make money? I really like instagram images. I've used the site myself, but it certainly isn't something I'd feel the need to pay money for. I'm not really sure I understand your response because I can't tell if you are for or against annotations. But, I guess this begs the question... if it isn't done as annotations, what would the same functionality be? Spring's XML? Json? Just more coding? Got a specific example? I can't think of any that I avoid. I'm primarily in Java, CoffeeScript/JS these days. Maybe it is different for other languages? Certainly, there are language features that I don't use, because I don't need them in what I do, but that is different than purposely avoiding something. Actually, that is a great idea... why not just make a site that links everything to github? The plugin pages could just be github pages and downloads. Issue tracking? github. Pull requests. github. Makes perfect sense to me. The fact that someone could come along and create a working solution without having to add/change the syntax of CoffeeScript is great. I'm a huge fan of WePay. They don't play these games. With all of the different competing solutions out there these days, I don't know why anyone continues to use Paypal. I wrote the software that integrates with WePay. They are a 'real' bank. Works great. ;-) https://github.com/lookfirst/WePay-Java-SDK Just curious cause I don't know how it works... do you just find a way to create a foreign US company and run through that? Very good points that I can't disagree with at all. However, those are two languages I try to avoid entirely, not just partially. ;-) How about taking some time off from Lift development to implement the ideas that you and other worked on? WePay doesn't require you to redirect them to their site. https://www.wepay.com/developer/tutorial/iframe If ravelry.com used WePay, each time someone bought one of her amazing works of art, the money would be deposited directly into a FDIC insured account that your wife controls. From there, your wife could transfer the money directly into her own regular bank account. If ravelry.com goes out of business before they transfer the money to her paypal account, there is no chance that they can take any of her money with them. (While highly illegal, I've seen this happen elsewhere with a similar setup.) Fixed. Thanks. Must be my old school raver roots. Heh. Sure, if you want that level of control. In my case, I was happy to not have to implement that part of things. It isn't a trivial amount of work to deal with the credit card / address forms and get everything correct. I made the iframe look like a part of my site well enough that people can trust it and it saves me a ton of development time. Your app appears to be in private beta, so I can't test that form to see if you missed anything and post about it here. ;-) This looked excellent until I realized that the code isn't on Github. Sure, I can download it, but I'd rather be able to fork it. I'm looking at the image of a vault in that article and I'm confused because I don't see any slots in the wall/floor for the pins that are located in the door. It is as if that giant door doesn't actually lock. This is really really nice. Some suggestions: #1. Switch to CoffeeScript. It will cut the size of the code down considerably and given that it is such a massive file, it would really help readability. #2. Don't embed so much html into the code. That'll also cut down code and make things easier to read. I suggest something like Handlebars to render things. Yes, another dependency, but a good one. #3. Do you really need the 'please wait' to render things? It is somewhat jarring when clicking around quickly. If anything, just switch the thing you clicked on into a spinner or display a small spinner somewhere. #4. A lot of the date math that is going on could probably be done more easily by using momentjs. Again, another dependency, but will save you code in the long run. #5. Grey out buttons which cannot be clicked further? Like the + and - buttons. #6. Maybe consider integrating or building on top of the Timeline project? http://www.simile-widgets.org/timeline/ Cheers. 1) If you look at my github account, you can see that I've contributed quite a lot to open source over a long period of time. I've got a long history of 'helping'. Looking at your github account... oh wait... 2) Good point. Can't argue that. 3) Maybe. Maybe not. It would need to be investigated further. 4) I made those suggestions based on code I've got in production. Other than Timeline, I suggested two libraries, both of which would remove a lot of code duplication in the Gantt plugin. momentjs is actually a pretty decent library. I agree, Date.js is pretty bad. As a driver, motorcyclist and bicyclist, I've lost count of how many times I've been nearly killed by someone txt'ing or talking on their cell phone. The existing laws (I'm in San Francisco) are completely ignored and unenforced as it is. I see people using their cell phones while driving all the time. I'm sure the cops have better things to do with their days than pull over people talking on their cell phones. As a result, I'm now trained to really watch out for drivers who are on phones because I know they are dangerous and not paying attention. I feel that even hands-free is distracting to drivers, I know it is distracting for me and I'm a great driver. If I need to use the phone while in the car, I either hand the phone to my wife, I pull over or I just hold off until I get to my destination. Comments like that always remind me of this image... http://www.picshag.com/show.php?f=pics/112010/java-c-php-rub... It took me about 3 months of intense CS usage to really get the hang of it. I've written a good 20-30k lines of CS so far for my application, so I've developed a lot of good practices since I started. Now, I can't imagine writing 'pure' JS ever again. I tend to avoid a lot of the one-line comprehensions for the reasons documented in this article (they get difficult to 'parse'). I also tend to write in a more of a Java style, mostly because of my background is in Java. I tend to put (parens) around a lot of function calls so that I can see it is still a function. Sure, CS can be abused to the point of being barely able to read, but that can be said of any language. Having standards and code-review with your co-workers kind of negates that issue. Debugging can be a bit of a pain since you have to find the line number out of a big file. I think this will go away if/when browsers natively support CS. I've gotten good at naming things so that they are easy to search for in the developer tools. That makes finding the right line to put a breakpoint on a lot easier and faster. If need be, I'll throw a console.log('here') in there and search for that too. Context switching between CS and compiled JS takes a bit of getting used to, but it isn't really that big of a deal. I'm already context switching between Java, HTML, CSS, json, etc... what is one more? The fat/thin arrow thing took a while to get used to, but now it makes perfect sense. The change they made (too quietly, imho) in 1.1.3 to not use __bind so much anymore really helped with comprehension. Now I can see the var _this = this in the compiled code and things make more sense to me now. It also helped performance and made me worry less about using it. In most cases, it is safe to just fat arrow things now so it really isn't that big of a deal. In terms of workflow, I found it very important to integrate it in with my IDE so that every time I save a file, all of my CS is immediately compiled to JS. [1] As a result, I don't see any overhead with the compilation phase of things. Being able to declare 'class'es and constructors has also been really great for compartmentalizing my code. Yes, it is possible to emulate all of this in JS, but I find that a lot more difficult to manage. I do wish there was an 'import' statement though. Right now, I hacked that together with the way I'm using LabJS. In the end, is CS a significant improvement over JS? I think so. Just looking at the compiled output of CS, I couldn't imagine myself writing all of that JS code and not making a ton of mistakes (ie: === vs. ==, nesting of brackets, this binding, etc). People say there is a lot of boilerplate in Java... so, when I use CS, I feel that way when I look at the compiled JavaScript. [1] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6645640/integrating-coffe... Thanks Ryan. I've looked at the RequireJS/AMD import stuff and it seems really over engineered for what I need. I feel like there is too much declaration going on. For now I think I'll wait to see what else people come up with along these lines. In SF, I doubt that police are ever assigned to pulling people over for cell phone violations. It is usually something like a cop hiding on a side street at the top of Portola late at night waiting for someone to run a red light, which is financially worth a lot more to the city (~$500). The reality is that a cell phone violation is not worth much financially to the city ($20-$50) and drivers ignore the law since it is pretty much just a slap on the wrist. [1] So, instead of banning the use outright, which a lot of people will object to because nobody likes to be told they can't do something (ignoring the whole driving is a right motto). I'd just say, increase the fines to the level of a red light run and increase the enforcement. The only people who will object to the fines are the people breaking the law. ;-) [1] http://www.cbdlaw.com/CM/Articles/WirelessFAQs.asp Thanks for the pointer, I made sure to read it. What I don't like about it is having to 'define' all the modules that I'm going to use. That is just too error prone. I'd rather just create a CS class in a file and include the entire file when I need to. More similar to the way that an import statement works in Java. For now, as I already mentioned, I'm simulating import style functionality with LabJS, which works great. While not perfect, it allows me to async load everything I need as well as minimize the amount of data on the wire. Here is a description of what I've done... http://lookfirst.com/2011/12/optimizing-your-javascript-deli... You pay $3/month for the privilege of allowing them to front you cash for up to a month. If you are late, they charge you $5. No broken legs, no threats, just $5. According to one of the images 'simple terms apply'. What are those terms and why aren't they listed right now? That seems shady to make a big announcement and not clearly list all the terms. I've got a few questions: How much cash can I borrow? What happens if I'm late multiple months? What prevents me from closing my account and just walking away? I don't know, this seems like an awful idea to me. Rife for abuse. Dwolla will be one the receiving end of a lot of fraud really quickly and will be spending all their time and resources chasing down deadbeats. UPDATE: A 3rd party has more details than their own site [1]. Up to $500. Still seems rife for fraud to me because now they are going to have to chase down a lot of people for only $500. If my credit is good and my money management is sound, why would I need to pay $3 a month for the privilege of allowing me to get a loan for up to $500? [1] http://www.siliconprairienews.com/2011/12/dwolla-introduces-... I rarely carry much cash around anymore. I buy everything with a CC and pay it off in full every month. Never late. Mentally, I'd rather pay more per gallon at a place where I can use my CC than go to a place with a dual fee structure. I'm sure the logic doesn't make sense, but I feel like I'm getting ripped off at a place that does that when I use a CC to buy gas. As a result, I tend to avoid those places. Thank you for saying what I was just about to say. The real point here is that there is that no reason, for a responsible consumer (ie: someone who isn't running into debt each month), to use this 'service'. Since it is tailored to people who have good credit, I don't see how this is going to be popular at all. I'm sorry, but there is nothing that is so compellingly 'Instant' about 'Instant' that it begs my $3/month ($36/year) for me to use it. As it stands now, if I want to buy something, I have several options. Use paypal, wepay, dwolla (regular) or some other similar provider, use a credit card, use a debit card, use cash, get someone else to buy it for me. None of which costs me anything to do the transaction. Sure, there is some noise about charging for debit cards, but that noise turned into massive backlash, so I don't think that'll happen anytime soon. Plus, there are still other options, like another bank with a debt card that doesn't cost me anything. Sure, a credit card has a fee associated with it and I probably end up paying that fee either in the price of the item I'm buying or directly. But at this point, is the total sum of those fees >$3/month? Maybe, but who really cares anymore? There is a cost to doing business and it can't be entirely free. That said, I'm going to support companies, like WePay, who are at least trying to put a good customer service experience on things and keeping their fees straightforward and relatively low. I can see how Dwolla is trying to disrupt the whole industry. I like that and I sure believe that it needs to happen. The credit card companies are essentially just another evil empire. ;-) That said, I don't think 'Instant' is the right product for this disruption. It isn't being marketed correctly at all. The documentation is missing from their website and the whole $500 thing seems like a gimmick that is only going to get them into a lot of fraud trouble. There are banks that offer refunds for atm fees on their accounts. You should consider switching. A quick google found this [1], I'm sure there are more. [1] http://www.bankfox.com/c/no-atm-fees/ I wrote the pixel tracker for a big corporation, which tracks a ton of hits for many top sites. 1) Using Math.random() to generate a UUID, is not a UUID. There are plenty of JS uuid generators out there. Please use one. 2) Why are you returning a header with what is being tracked? 3) Please please please use coffeescript. Graphite is a great tool for quickly seeing what is going on. Generating the graphs was always a bit of a pain point for it. I must say, this is an amazing contribution. Thanks so much. (I'm the author of http://jmxtrans.googlecode.com which allows you to very easily tie together Graphite & Java Management Extensions (JMX) for monitoring all of your JVM's.) This is really great except for all of us that use CoffeeScript|Less|Sass since what is shown in the dev tools is the compiled version of our source. Not sure why you got voted down, so I'll vote you back up and answer your totally valid question. rrdtool is fine if you know your schema in advance, but that is somewhat of a hinderance because you don't always know it or want to have to define it. Graphite is great because it listens on a port an accepts data in a simple unstructured format. The format is: key : value (long) : timestamp Where key can be in dot notation so that you can have your data in a 'tree' like structure. This is a made up example: "ehcache.activemq.joins" or "ehcache.activemq.quits". The dashboard can then give you a nice tree to navigate through your data so that you can pin down specific areas that you'd like to graph. It also allows you to easily mix and match areas as overlays. Hope that explains things. Given that jmxtrans has native support for writing directly to Graphite, why are you using it to write to rrd files? If you want those rrd files for other tools, the beauty of jmxtrans is that you can have multiple outputwriters so you can write to rrd AND graphite at the same time, with no loss in performance, since it happens in a multithreaded environment. Also note, writing to rrd files from jmxtrans is terribly inefficient. It spawns the rrdtool to do it because (unfortunately) the java implementation of rrd outputs files which are not compatible with rrdtool. (I'm the author of jmxtrans. Thanks for using my stuff!) I'm so sorry, but I really don't see the value in spending $26.78/month for only 50 metrics. I could install Graphite on a small instance at AWS and get nearly unlimited metrics for a fraction of the cost. Never mind the fact that if I point your tool at a JVM, I can quickly get over 50 metrics (and double my cost to $53.57 since your slider only goes in increments of 50) just by looking at a single ehcache instance. Yes, your service is nice, your graphs are pretty, but at the end of the day, I think I'd have a hard time convincing my boss (me) that this is a valuable thing to spend a lot of money on. It seems like a lot of these 'monitoring' companies are springing up these days. I feel bad for you because I see that industry quickly being commoditized into who offers the lowest price. It is also not the easiest problem to solve because of the data storage and availability requirements. Anyway, I don't mean any ill will. I wish you the best in your business, I just don't see how it would work for me. excellent response Joseph. Thanks. If I end up needing these services at some point, I'll definitely look into your company first. Wow, that makes a HUGE difference in price. Now it makes a lot more sense and leaves me wondering about your QA practices. Just pulling your chain. ;-) Anyway, the fact that you are responding here and being active would definitely make me feel like your company would be the first to check out. This is similar to how I feel about WePay as well. Their ceo and engineers read HN and respond to comments. It is the dawn of a new era of access and support. Cheers. That is a really nice selling pitch for the culture there. What isn't said is "we expect you to stay at work till 9pm+ because you don't start coding until 2pm, when the food coma has worn off." ;-) It is interesting to me that Subversion barely gets a mention. There should be a 7.5 which is along the lines of: cvs was great and all, but we couldn't version our directories, branching and merging was a mess, the wire protocol was hard to use, it had a ton of security holes and the storage format took up too much space. So, Subversion was created as a way to do a better cvs, without thinking about the larger intrinsic issues with the current state of version control. Thus, missing the whole 'distributed' boat and letting Linus eat our lunch. Note: I worked at CollabNet during this time and watched a lot of the discussions around Subversion. I have great respect for the Subversion developers. Karl is an awesome and brilliant guy. It was a bubble, technology isn't anywhere where it is today and I think we were all misguided at that time. We all made a lot of mistakes. Ha! Definitely can't argue that point. ;-) Funny app idea. I'd say that if you need this app, you've got a serious drinking problem. Google hasn't made 'random' pricing changes. Sure, they didn't do the best job of handling the switch from beta to a real live service, but they did listen to the community and they learned a lot of lessons. I really don't think they will make the same mistakes twice. Maybe you missed the meetup at Thirsty Bear in SF where they bought us all drinks and apologized? Even Guido was there. I think you are wrong about the costs of EC2. First off, you have to run your own servers on EC2. When one of those servers goes down in the middle of the night for some random unexplained reason, who are you going to call? Yourself? If you don't think EC2 servers go down, you are kidding yourself. With GAE, I'll never have to hire IT staff to manage servers or networks. The high replication datastore on GAE is amazing . I'll never have to worry about running out of capacity, backups, or downtime for that matter. I've been told that entire datacenters have gone offline and nobody even noticed. Now, that is reliability. It sounds like a lot of your issues surrounded using XMPP on GAE. I think that is a perfectly valid thing to complain about. That said, just cause XMPP is expensive doesn't mean that all of GAE is expensive (or problematic). As you found out by writing your own C++ servers and what not, XMPP is a difficult service to provide reliably. Maybe that is worth that cost? Note: I'm building my sporting event ticketing website entirely on GAE. People will be able to register for marathons, bike races, etc. It may cost a bit more for their service, but given that I won't have to hire any staff to manage servers or worry about adding capacity when thousands of people all want register for an event at the same time, I think that is worth it. Note2: I'm a user of PartyChatApp. Thanks for providing it. Oh, it is a complete failure. I've switched to Git entirely as a result of it and will never use Subversion again if I can help it. I wrote a long'ish blog post detailing why it is a failure: http://lookfirst.com/2011/04/subversion-mistake.html The only thing on your website that suggests that is this brief sentence "just pay for what you had". If I saw my friend taking out this app and being a miser about something like this, I'd probably not drink with them again. Hell, I wouldn't drink with myself again if I pulled out this app. I seriously can't imagine someone using this in a social setting and not being ridiculed for it. Could you imagine at the end of the night, pulling out your phone and saying... "hey everyone, look, I only drank this much and I'm not going to put any more money towards the whole tab." Most of the time, the people who would even care about the tab are the people who aren't drinking! Why would they even need this app? Really, I hope my friends are honest enough to put their share of the tab up or suck it up and just pay a bit more knowing that the next night of drinking maybe they save a bit. It all evens out in the end between friends. Spending time and money implementing ideas like this are exactly why we are in a bubble right now. If someone is going to pay $0.99 for this app, but be worried about paying too much for drinks in a group setting, something is really wrong with that person. The datastore is complicated and not what you'd normally expect from a SQL type system. It is a real mental shift when designing your schema to be efficient. That said, using it is well understood at this point and my co-founder is Jeff Schnitzer who wrote Objectify [1] which is the best way to tie Java to the datastore. Outside of Google, I think he understands the datastore more than anyone else on this planet. Thanks for the warning, but I think we will be ok. =) Also note, I'm speaking from a Java perspective. Using Python has definitely had MT issues which are being resolved with the new version of Python 2.7 available there now. I'd still recommend using either Go or Java for your app. [1] http://objectify-appengine.googlecode.com/ Sorry, I shouldn't have had quotes around the 1.410 http://jsfiddle.net/kgp2H/ Think of it this way, say you have a template that is putting some data into an element like this: Click me to edit something Now, using .data() to select the information out, will always return 1.4 instead of what you want, which is 1.400. Here is another example of what I'm talking about: http://jsfiddle.net/KwjvA/ Sure, the datastore makes you think a bit harder when designing your application. But, I'd rather do that thought upfront than down the line when my MongoDB (or insert your favorite nosql solution here) instance is falling over under the load. In other words, you should probably be doing that anyway regardless of using GAE or not. ;-) The rest of my app is just a regular .war file, so really it is just the data layer that would need to be ported. Given that the data store is pretty much just a big hashmap, it really won't be that difficult to rewrite the underlying code for another nosql store like MongoDB. The hard part of the original 'schema' design is already done. As part of GAE leaving beta, Google has given a 3 year EOL commitment. I'm actually glad it has left beta because that means we get something solid from them now. What I mean is that once they declare that they are killing GAE (if they ever announce that), you have 3 years to migrate. I'm ok with that term. http://code.google.com/appengine/terms.html 7.2.a: "For a period of 3 years after an announcement (the “Deprecation Period”), Google will use commercially reasonable efforts to continue to operate the Deprecated Version of the Service and to respond to problems with the Deprecated Version of the Service deemed by Google in its discretion to be critical." Seriously, I've done the research and I've used the different solutions that are available today. GAE is one of the best solutions out there at this time for my type of application, which is pretty much just a straight up webapp. The only difference I have is that I have really bursty traffic as a ton of people all try to register for an event at the same time and then go away. This means, I need something to truly auto scale up and down without requiring me to do work or know my load in advance. No other solution offers the level of PaaS that GAE offers and at the price. SUPER great news. Thanks all for the hard work on this. The developers are doing an amazing job. I'm head deep in CS 10+ hours a day right now working on my startup and I can't imagine what life would be like without it. Very interesting, but it really makes me wonder. If Twitter is making money, why dilute the shares with investment like this? I'm sure one response is 'so they can grow the company', but that seems like a bit of a hard sell at this point. How big does a company like Twitter really need to grow in order to be successful enough that they don't need to take $300 million investment deals? I mean, they are already the #1 provider of 140 character communication. What is next? I was trying to be subtle, but still say that I find it amazing that Twitter hasn't figured out a business model yet. Anyone I've talked with any bit of knowledge has always said that they are raking in the cash selling data analysis and things like promoted tweets. That said, as other people have commented, maybe Twitter didn't have a choice in this matter. If so, that would have been an interesting phone call to listen in on. Assume you have $300 million worth of Twitter stock that you can sell. Imagine getting a phone call along the lines of: "The Saudi prince is calling, and he'd like to buy all your stock for $300 million." I'd be sh*tting bricks and trying to figure out if there are any new Gunboat 90's [1] available to purchase. ;-) [1] http://www.gunboat.com/90-gallery.php What I am hearing is a few things: a) You are upset about the fact that they increased their prices when they transitioned from a well documented beta service to a fully supported commercial offering. b) You are upset that there is some features missing, such as the way DNS is handled. c) You are upset that there is a proprietary nature about the service. I think those are all pretty much valid concerns, but let me address them: Yes, the costs did go up for some people, including you, it seems. But remember again, it wasn't just some random increase. They switched out of beta. There was never a hint at a promise that they would keep the prices at the same level. As I mentioned before, they admitted they messed up in their messaging. They heard people screaming at them loud and clear and went back and actually adjusted a lot of their prices. You say that AWS won't increase prices because of costs decreasing, I can only hope that GAE, with a similar model will do the same. That said, you really can't compare GAE with AWS because they are entirely different offerings. You absolutely need an IT staff (be it yourself or someone else) to run, monitor and manage those servers on AWS. You don't need that with GAE and I find that to be a massive selling point. I've seen first hand what happens when you have to hire IT staff or stay up at 3am figuring out what server problems you are having. It sucks because a) it is nearly impossible to hire good sysadmins right now, b) who wants to be on call 24/7? There is also the lack of the high replication datastore on AWS. There is nothing even close. Personally, I'm willing to have a bit of vendor lockin for those features. Yes, features are missing. Google knows about it and has been doing regular releases of the SDK to address missing features. I'm pretty confident that as the service becomes more profitable for them, they will dedicate more resources to it. If not, then I have 3 years to migrate and find something else. For now, the feature set is good enough for me. That might not have been the case for you, but that isn't entirely the fault of anyone. It is still a maturing product. Yawn, this is basically just an advertisement article for UStream, Socialcam and Crowdbooster. I'm starting to feel like anyone who has a negative opinion of CoffeeScript should prefix their statements with "I've spent the last M months writing code in CoffeeScript for H hours a day and these are my specific issues with it." Otherwise, these endless discussions of JavaScript vs. CoffeeScript really aren't productive. If you haven't spent time with actual coding in it, then you probably don't have as well formed opinion on it, compared with people who are spending a lot of time with it. So, I'll start with my own opinion... I've spent the last 5 months writing code in CoffeeScript for 8-14 hours a day for my new startup. I can't imagine being as productive with JavaScript as I am with CoffeeScript. I write a fraction of the amount of code with CS than I would with JS and I get to take advantage of all sorts of great features, that would be much harder to replicate, like class hierarchy with constructors. I really love not having to type 'function() {}' all the time and the fat arrow really helps me with binding scope. I type => or -> Once you get used to not reading the auto typed 'function() {}', it really makes your code look a lot cleaner. This app seems like a massive identity collector. Also, I accidentally figured out what port they are running on because FB redirected me to it when I didn't agree to connect. http://sendspree.com:22222/ tl;dr: They spent $14,800 on two weeks worth of advertising and got 8507 clicks, some feedback and a few connections with people they didn't have the creative juice to figure out a way to connect with. The app is 'free for the holidays', so one can't relate that to CPA. It is a very pretty looking polished app. I'm not sure I'd spend money to buy it myself, but maybe others would. I suspect it will take a long time to make back the $15k in advertising. She's also very smart (Harvard grad) and has an impressive resume. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emily_Chang_(journalist) These are all reasons why I've adopted CoffeeScript over JS. Sure, you can accomplish the same exact things in JS, but they are far more natural with CS and with far less typing. Less typing is less chance for mistakes and bugs and makes an easier learning experience. One other line item is the encapsulation of classes in CS. Doing that in CS is natural and easy to explain to a first year programmer. Accomplishing the same thing in JS is far more boilerplate and much harder to explain why you have to fight the language to accomplish something as simple as a class. Sure, you probably shouldn't learn CS without at least a general understanding of JS, but I definitely think that CS is the next logical step for the second semester. I'm ok with missing out on the prototype paradigm. To me, it is a wart for JavaScript. There has been a ton of discussion on why libraries like DateJS, which pollute the Date prototype, are bad. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823682/javascript-namesp... Kind of a side note to the posting, but I just have to say: Please make your usage of parens consistent. If you aren't going to use them, don't use them everywhere. Here is an example of what I'm talking about: if isAir cx, cy, cz + 1 then addPlane('near', block) Should be: if isAir cx, cy, cz + 1 then addPlane 'near', block Personally, I use them everywhere because I like having the stronger visual clue that this is a method I'm calling. I think making them optional in CS was a bad idea. if isAir(cx, cy, cz + 1) then addPlane('near', block) imho, so much more readable. It sounds like he had 140 characters to succinctly say what he wanted to say. Not sure I understand you or maybe you don't understand me. I was talking about using parens for method/functional calls, not getting rid of them from CS. I totally agree with you. Hey everyone, don't worry, be happy! Their VP of engineering used to work at 'a startup' and prior to that, he was a 'rocket scientist' because he worked at Raytheon on missile guidance systems. Oh, and before that, he worked at the Mothership, I mean Microsoft, in the 'user experience team'. As an added bonus, if you want to work at Oyster, you get your choice of such cutting edge technologies as 'Python, PostgreSQL, Nginx, Windows, CentOS, C++ and more'! Nothing to worry about here, I think we are in good hands. Doing analysis like this also has a huge impact on broken window theory. If engineers see a whole bunch of compiler warnings, then they don't think twice when they see just one more and it could be a really valid warning. It also gives a good sense of ownership and commitment to the codebase if everyone agrees to not check in code with warnings. Also, when you have new engineers copying and pasting code to get stuff working quickly, you certainly don't want them doing that with buggy code. At my last gig they had that as well, but still ignored it because the culture when I got there was totally full of broken windows. There was 8000+ warnings and findbugs errors in the codebase that I went through and fixed. Luckily a lot were just white noise, but some >100 were definitely valid bugs that had been in the code for quite some time. In order to keep things clean after all that work, I turned on warnings as failures as part of the continuous integration build (which I also set up) so that everyone would get an email each time the build failed. Yea public shaming, heh. The hard part was then training people to pay attention to the emails and not filter them to the trash. As a final step, what I did was built the testing environment into the CI system so that if they wanted to test their code on a virtual machine before getting their branch into the latest iteration, they needed a clean build in order to generate the debian installers. That was the final kicker which really made people start paying attention to this stuff. So, in order to push code to production, which everyone wants to do, you needed a clean build. Problem solved and it really cleaned up the quality of production releases. ;-) Holy shit, I just bought a copy of this app and I don't even care about .DS_Store files. BEST Finder improvement ever. Thanks! Just kind of curious, what happens if a developer fixes something and the tester wants it immediately so that they can test that fix? Do they have to wait another day for the build to happen? I setup builds which could be tested as soon as the build was complete. I also had to do a lot of work to optimize the build process so it would complete quickly. It started out with ~20+ minutes and I worked it down to around 3-5 minutes. I agree! Here is another semi-close example. Not about hovering, but how about needless hiding of important user experience? https://github.com/mozilla/browserid/issues/797 I filed this super minor issue in the browserid issue tracker and it was closed with 'as designed'. No feedback as to why it was designed this way, but it sure seems silly to me to hide the 'remove' button under an 'edit' button. I can understand this on a UI like an iPhone, but on a web page? Oh well. Interesting that you write 'Edit' vs. 'edit'... Here is another issue I just filed last night: https://github.com/mozilla/browserid/issues/809 tl;dr: Super minor, but the case of buttons is actually important UX too. I'm worried about BrowserID UX because we are implementing it on our site as an additional login system along with Facebook Connect. I'd love to see BrowserID become successful since we need an alternative to Facebook and OpenID is a train wreck. But, I worry that with bad UX, it will remain just an unused interesting idea. Very nice job! I've been wanting something like this for a while now and I didn't even realize it. How about support for Handlebars? =) Wouldn't that be resolved by having people work rotating shifts? As much as I appreciate creating our own work for all of the fame and fortune it brings us developers, it seems like Bootstrap (v2.0) and even Zurb/Foundation is much further along than this project. I can't imagine why I'd use this over one of those two choices. Did you consider contributing your time and expertise to an existing project instead? This quote: "Hundreds of thousands of pictures of the moon will be examined for telltale signs that aliens once visited our cosmic neighbourhood if plans put forward by scientists go ahead. Passing extraterrestrials might have left messages, scientific instruments, heaps of rubbish or evidence of mining on the dusty lunar surface that could be spotted by human telescopes and orbiting spacecraft." Reminds me of this image: http://tombsofkobol.com/films/silent/lune_01.jpg Apache Flume also xfers things in json. It is simply amazing that something that is clearly a bug would be marked as WontFix without so much as a explanation of why. Should Google refund developers when they make an uninformed decision that costs them money? One could argue it is a bug in GAE that allows developers to make an expensive mistake when they don't fully understand how something (fairly complicated) works. Someone else could argue that we are all developers and we should know the costs associated with the systems we are building. There is a real cost associated with PaaS systems like GAE. What do you think? Unfortunately, that isn't entirely true. There is a huge amount of value in allowing someone to log into your site with FB credentials. You get their name, age, sex, validated email and a list of their friends all without having to ask a single question and more importantly, not write any code to manage or synchronize that information. What is incomprehensible is that by offering this authentication system feature on our sites, we are actually helping FB gain more users and thus boost their business. You'd think that it would be treated more as a mutually beneficial ecosystem, but instead is treated like a third party integration that nobody cares about. Especially when there are bugs. It really is too bad that FB refuses to take advantage of developers and business people out there who are willing to actually help their company grow and are asking nothing in return except for a bit of acknowledgement when things go wrong. I never said we would 'require' FB auth. It certainly is one of the options though. One click login, not having to remember a bunch of different passwords and not having to fill out yet another registration form is very compelling for a lot of people. We also provide enhanced functionality based on the data that is made available to us. We only ask for the minimal set of permissions. As a result, we get the data which I already outlined. Another option which we are supporting, for people like you who won't use FB, is BrowserID. That system only gives us an email address. So, because the site I'm building requires all of the same data that FB already provides us, we still have to force you through a 'registration' process at some point. I'm curious, what exactly is your fear of FB auth that prevents you from using it? a) What questions would you ask? b) Why do you trust Facebook and not another site with that information? c) What do you define as a 'scumbag'? ... and as soon as FB decides to block it ... It isn't that people still think it is the only way. It is that people have realized that they don't want to be woken up in the middle of the night every time their server goes kaput. I have better things to do with my time. I'd rather pay the 'extra' money to a PaaS in order to not have to a) hire a sysadmin, or pretend to be one on TV. b) get a full nights sleep. c) be able to go on vacation without worrying if the server is up or not. d) not have to worry about adding servers when my traffic has spiked and this one server isn't enough. If you don't think EC2 instances go down, you are kidding yourself. Not only do they go down, but they 'appear' up. Talk about a mixed message. So, you also need to pay for a third party monitoring service just to tell you that your server is down. At the end of the day, when you've added up all of those 'costs' of running your own servers, PaaS starts to look at lot more attractive. I certainly trust a company like Google AppEngine to be able to hire a lot more sysadmins, setup better monitoring and have better response times for fixing servers than I ever could. I'd also love to never have to learn or remember the arcane list of setup configuration that this person blogged about. Instead, I'd rather be adding features to my app and making money. Sure, trying to mitigate damage with sandboxes is a good goal, but the reality is that if your server is hacked at all you're screwed. There is enough local shell exploits that once you are on a box, chances are you can get past user and group permissions pretty easily. Plus, they've hacked your box! Time to wipe it and start over. Period. As for SSL certs, don't you store those on the load balancer? If you are running a single box and it goes down, pointing the LB at a new backend box is a lot easier than copying certs around. As for SSH keys, I'm not quite sure what damage could be done there. The only thing on there is public keys, right? As I said below, this is a big reason why I believe in PaaS if your application can deal with it (and most can). Sysadmin has become so commoditized that there is no point in wasting your own time/money dealing with this stuff. Maybe I'm confused. It seems like Facebook has the ability to hire as many 'resources' as they possibly can. Are you saying that there are no Python developers out there that you could hire that would be willing to work on the SDK? From everything that I've read and seen first hand in doing interviews, the reason for the major talent shortage is because FB, Goog, etc have first dibs on the best people. What I suspect is more likely is that their general interest primarily lies in languages other than Python. One addition, use my little automator action (Create Backup Volume) [1] to generate the sparsebundle for each machine you are backing up. It sets up the sparsebundle with better arguments, namely a larger sparse-band-size=131072 which greatly improves the speed of the backups since it is fewer files being opened in the sparsebundle. Don't worry about the size you give the bundle since newer versions of osx will just resize the bundle to the size of the shared volume in netatalk (something which was neglected in the blog authors post). [1] http://code.google.com/p/backmyfruitup/downloads/list "Obviously, there is Github, and any startup that puts their code out there for people to learn from is an open web advocate in my book." I'm wondering what her Github username is, searches there for her only turns up other people's mentions of her twitter username and her name. Thanks Sara! For some reason Github's search engine doesn't find you by name. https://github.com/search?q=sara+chipps&type=Everything&... I use Backblaze ( http://goo.gl/LKYIq ) in case my house burns down and I do TM backups to a DroboShare FS in case I need the data immediately. The TM backups are also full backups so that if I need to just restore a whole machine I have that option too. I also have PreyProject installed in case someone steals my laptop. Having lost data in the past, I can only say that setting up some sort of backup/recovery system is very important. Hard disks and SSD's are like life, they have a 100% guaranteed failure rate. =) Apple put that in there so that they could sell more TC's. They also seem to make backwards incompatibile changes to the protocol for every OS release. That said, the netatalk (and other vendors such as Drobo) have been pretty good at staying on top of the changes. You can safely ignore this as an issue. Ok, cool, you worked on TM. Care to explain why Apple purposely made it difficult to setup TM using any other third party product other than a TimeCapsule? 'Because we didn't want to get support issues'? It looks like Mashable, the source of Marco's link, also uses GoDaddy: Registered through: Go Daddy Domain Name: MASHABLE.COM Yet the author of the article, Todd Wasserman, states in the comments: "No. I don’t know who we use, but that had no bearing on this whatsoever." Hmmm... I think maybe a better title would be 'Lesson learned: Don't start work until a contract is signed.' I fully understand that the potential for delaying or losing the contract completely could be part of the motivation for starting work in advance or in parallel to a contract. But, it seems that in this case, was the headache worth it? Regardless, I do agree that it sounds like Apress should have treated the author with more respect. I'd love to hear the other side of this story as well. Is the goal here to learn how to write code in Python or to learn the specifics of each version of the language? If the goal is to just learn Python, I don't think it really matters which version you learn since the general basics of the language are pretty much the same between versions. In other words, a for loop is still a for loop. Asking Google came up with this link: http://wiki.python.org/moin/Python2orPython3 I'd personally start with 2.x so that you can understand the history of Python and then make sure to have an understanding of what is changing in 3 via links like this: http://docs.python.org/py3k/whatsnew/3.0.html Finally, if this is for a job, I guess one thing would be to see what the requirements of the job are. If you need to use Python 3 for your job, your best bet is probably to learn Python 3. =) http://joncom.be/experiments/markdown-editor/ This is from Sept 2010, so it seems a bit outdated. For my site, I've been using the code [1] which powers the StackOverflow editor and it works great. It would be pretty easy to set that code up in a page like this one above and you'd get buttons for making things bold, which seems handy. [1] http://code.google.com/p/pagedown/ I also heart google translate. http://translate.google.com/#ja|en|%E3%81%82%E3%82%8A%E3%81%... A lot of these AppEngine costs too much notices have been coming up recently, but upon further inspection, they all tend to boil down to operator error. Unfortunately, AppEngine isn't forgiving of that and there is a real monetary value associated with questionable engineering design. Or, design that wasn't thought through enough in the context of a service like AppEngine. This leads to a few people getting upset and making a lot of noise when the reality is that AppEngine is actually an amazing service. So, to boil down the operator error from a quote in the thread: "We're running a mapreduce to change the geobox sizes/precision for a large number of entities." That is the real source of the problem. Instead of using geoboxes, they should be using geohashes, which allow arbitrary precision. http://code.google.com/apis/maps/articles/geospatial.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geohash Instead of an indexed property that looks like this (what they currently have): [u'37.3411|-121.8940|37.3395|-121.8926', u'37.3411|-121.8929|37.3395|-121.8916', ...] They would have an indexed List property that looks like this: [8, 8f, 8f1, 8f12, 8f12a, 8f12ac, 8f12ac6, 8f12ac60, 8f12ac605, 8f12ac605f, 8f12ac605fb, 8f12ac605fb3, 8f12ac605fb34] Finding if the location is in a box would be computing the hash from the lat/lng (there is free code out there to do that) and then doing an indexed 'in' query. The indexes would only need to be updated if the location of the entity changes, not when they want varying levels of precision. I can't imagine how an indexed query on a List of ~10 items takes 13 seconds. 'We wrote our own approach on App Engine' Hmm... details? 1) You are making an assumption that the original design decision was made around cost. I bet the more likely fact is that they made the change and found out that it cost them $160. Remember, that was when AppEngine was a _beta_ product and it seems they got lucky the first time. 2) They seem to have an extreme use case. No one is going to argue that maybe AppEngine doesn't fit the bill for them. Or, one could argue that doing 6.5 billion writes times a large number of customers, across multiple datacenters is something that a lot of databases would choke on. 3) Running more queries, while admittedly hacky is less expensive than doing more writes. http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2008/04/developers-start-your... "Google App Engine is free to use during the preview release, but the amount of computing resources any app can use is limited. In the future, developers will be able to purchase additional computing resources as needed, but Google App Engine will always be free to get started." You got 2+ years of use for 'free' and now they decided to turn it into a supported business model and are asking you to pay for what you use. Seems reasonable to me. I don't disagree that they fubar'd their original pricing release announcement and should have had multithreading Python 2.7 for those folks. But they did listen to the (loud) feedback, made adjustments and even apologized (were you there at the ThirstyBear meetup where they bought us all beers?). Not having to hire an IT staff or be woken up in the middle of the night when AWS decides to reboot the host and your servers go down is worth its weight in gold. If you correctly architected your application around the constraints of AppEngine, then it wouldn't be costing you a lot of money. That is the whole point... you know the constraints, so you architect wisely and you spend money where you need to. You decide which indexes you need and which ones you don't need. You decide how many reads and writes you are going to make. You figure this stuff out in advance and if you make a mistake, you refactor your code to improve things. I'm not saying it is easy, it isn't. It takes a skilled engineer to learn this stuff and make it work. But, when it does work, it really does work. It sounds like you failed to create an application that took all of that into account and of course you are going to look 'real stupid' when your clients figure out that you took shortcuts. There is no way that could be the fault of AppEngine. I'm curious where you went after AppEngine. Are you hosting on AWS now? Heroku? EngineYard? Do you have the same reliability and scalability as what AppEngine provides? Maybe that isn't something that is beneficial to you and in that case, I can see how AppEngine is not your cup of tea. For me, AppEngine is amazing. I love the fact that I'll never have to hire a sysadmin. I love not carrying a pager. I love knowing that when my site gets an asston of traffic, I won't ever have to think about making it scale. I love not having to worry if my database is on big enough hardware, replicated across data centers, backed up. I'll never have to think about whether or not my OS needs an upgrade to plug a security hole or ssh'ing into a server at 2am to figure some esoteric problem out. To me, all of these things are worth the 'cost' of AppEngine. I'd rather spend my time adding features than doing sysadmin. http://googleappengine.blogspot.com/2011/10/app-engine-ssl-f... I can think of TONS of services I've used over the years, both in and out of the software field that have talked about adding features and never did. Big deal, don't play the victim. If you really wanted onto the trusted tester program, you'd bring it up on the app engine mailing list or contact someone at google directly (their emails are all over the place, Ikai is a great guy, and they are very responsive). I'm sure they'd be happy to have enthusiastic beta testers. I find great irony in your quote on your G+ profile: "Do you create anything, or just criticize others work and belittle their motivations? -- Steve Jobs" I'm definitely not trolling. I'm trying to have a conversation and understanding of your rationale for why GAE didn't work for you. So far, you've left me totally confused. I heartily agree with you about GAE being a niche. Not all apps (or developers) belong on GAE. I ask again, if GAE didn't work for you, where are you hosted now? Now that they are out of preview mode, there is a 3 year notification process in the terms of service. That should be enough time for most people to migrate to something else. If not, then GAE probably isn't the right solution for you. "no HR datastore apps were affected." Sure, it is a small point, but it actually matters a lot. At this point everyone hosting a real service that cares about uptime should be on HR. I had someone from google tell me that GAE lost an entire datacenter and nobody noticed. The best part about this whole thing is the location lookup. Seriously nice job. Wow, you seem angry. Why do you keep replying and not answering the question? People who want the paid version, which probably comes with support as part of the package, will pay for that service. People who don't can just take advantage of the 'free' version. Even though the complexity of the code was low, there is value in offering a paid version, which usually comes in the form of support. Happens all the time. Now look who is trolling. First you respond with the now deleted statement, which I'll post back here: "ww520: You were not trying to have a conversation. You were trying to have a bragging session. I don't find it constructive to continue the "conversation." Then you come back and respond again? I'm so confused. Anyway, I'll consider this thread over, unless you actually want to have a real grown up conversation. Brilliant. That said, as someone working heavily with Bootstrap these days, I suggest that you rebase this off of the 2.0-wip branch as a lot has changed (for the better) there. You don't need this. Turn on the 'Labs' feature called 'Preview Pane'. I've been using it for a while now and after a bit of getting used to it, it is great. "Not all developers have existing online projects they can point to when you're interviewing them." After 15+ years of doing open source and being in Sr. Software Engineer positions where I've been responsible for interviewing hundreds of people, I'm convinced now that I would never hire anyone who doesn't have some sort of public online project. I don't care what it is, you must have some code to show. Here is my problem with that statement: You are saying that you only have code which is entirely private. This is most likely code you wrote for your employeer, which you can't show me anyway because chances are that it is NDA private. Or, you have code which you wrote for say, an iPhone app which you are probably never going to show to anyone. That is all fine. However, you are also telling me that you've never integrated any open source projects into your code or relied on any non-commercial external libraries. Or, maybe you have done that. But then I have to wonder why you've never contributed back to any of these projects that you've depended on. If you are a great dev, I'm sure you found them lacking in some way and wanted to contribute a bit back to them. Thus, we've come full circle. Any developer that I would want to hire, has figured out that there is a massive ecosystem of open source projects out there. They are integrating them and contributing something back to them. They are drawn to these projects like flys to sh*t. These projects teach them new tricks because they are studying others code. They are drawn to give back to these projects because they are taking so much good from them. That is what makes a good developer in my eyes. Here is a really good case in point example. Last night I was working with the amazing Underscore.js library, which I'm fairly new to. I found that I wanted to do something with it, couldn't figure it out and made a suggestion on how to improve it [1]. Someone from the community responded quickly, we had a bit of really positive back and forth and in the end I learned something new about the library. I expect that anyone I hire has the gumption to also be doing similar work. Go fork some projects. [1] https://github.com/documentcloud/underscore/issues/425 I'm ok with missing those people, they already have a nice stable big company job they are happy at. There is a lot of value in that and I'd never want to take that away from anyone. In high school, we were all told that in order to get into college, you needed to have extracurricular activities. I consider spending some time at night or on the weekends on an open source project part of the deal of being a software engineer. Not everything needs to be taught or done on the job. The people I want to hire make their own time to learn and grow. I think you are missing the point. This isn't about the job you are going to be doing, this is about getting me to even consider you for a job. To answer your questions though: (1) I'd expect you to continue doing open source, as both part of the job and on your own. I do it, so should you. Case in point, we just integrated our site with WePay. WePay didn't have Java API, so I wrote one (along with my business partner) and we made it open source [a]. This benefited my company, open source and WePay all in one shot. This isn't the only one, I can point at many more large projects [b], [c], [d] (for just a short list) that we've either open sourced ourselves or contributed to. I have a clear history of coding in multiple languages. Anyone who is going to hire me knows my skill set without having to give me silly brain teasers or even read a resume. Why would anyone want to hire someone without a clear record like that? (2) How you spend your time is up to you. There is a certain amount of work that needs to get done as part of the job and I'd expect that to get done. As long as you are getting your work done, in a reasonable time and of a good quality, I'm fine with whatever you do with your time. If that 'policy' doesn't leave you with enough energy, then I'd suggest either learning how to do better time management or find another profession / company. As I already said, I wouldn't hire someone without seeing their source code. The single best way to really see it is to see how they've contributed and worked with open source projects. Bonus points if you find a unique project to create yourself. [a] https://github.com/lookfirst/WePay-Java-SDK [b] http://objectify-appengine.googlecode.com [c] http://batchfb.googlecode.com [d] https://github.com/lookfirst/bootstrap Oh, I was certain that Kink.com (NSFW) was going to be on there. Back when I worked there, it was always fun to look at how many .gov email addresses had accounts on their system. I guess they didn't mean that kind of monitoring. ;-) If you can afford to be working with a bit of a moving target, don't waste your time with the current version of BS. The 2.0-wip branch is vastly more improved. Why does it always upset me when services like this (Geoloqi) don't have pricing clearly available on their website? All that great marketing doesn't make me want to sign in and create an account if I can't see quickly how much this service is going to cost me. 'Next week' being Monday? In the time it took you to post this response, you could have gotten pricing info up on your homepage. Well, ok, maybe another 30 minutes, but you get my point. Something doesn't smell right here, I'm getting more and more dubious. It is clear you are just taking advantage of the failure of SimpleGeo to pimp your service on HN before your service is even ready to be pimped. I can't remember the last time I used a Norton product. Why is this big news? Yes, I just posted about it! Suck! http://lookfirst.com/2012/01/githirecom-is-spammer.html Well, at least it isn't random! ;-) I've been working heavily with 2.0 for a couple of months now and it is a huge improvement over 1.x. I've converted 90% of a $20 template that I bought over to it and it cut out a ton of bad css (you get what you pay for I guess). It is still a bit in flux (ie: they just renamed a bunch of css for alerts and tables), but if you don't mind tracking the progress (made easy with your own git branch), it is a great basis to start a website from. When I worked at Kink.com (NSFW), we implemented hellbanning for when people would repeatedly make mean comments about the models. That said, I think it definitely has its place because we would often get a few people who would really try to abuse the comment system and the only way to effectively deal with them was to make them think people saw their comments. For the last few months, I've been making a small range of comments here just to kind of test the waters and see what people react to. It has been a really good personal learning experience because it is almost like people are telling you something to your face, instead of what they'd normally say behind your back or just keep to themselves. In general, I really like the community here, mostly because it favors positivity. I wish it favored a bit more humor and sarcasm, but those are two things that are hard to convey as text on a page. I'd never heard of System1/2 before, but it makes a lot of sense. Sites that are similar to the FB timeline, like Pinterest (which I recently signed up on to try it out), also give me that same sense of having to 'pay attention' more. It becomes more of a novelty instead of something that I'd want to use all the time. I think that is part of the popularity of sites like Craigslist and Hackernews, which present the information in an easily scanned format. They both fall into System 1. I think that as I do UX design for my site, I'll keep this in mind. While Less and Sass are really similar products that do pretty much the same thing; I switched my site from initially using Sass (scss) to now using Less for three reasons: a) Bootstrap uses less and I'm using bootstrap. b) It was trivial to go from sass to less. Mostly just renaming files to have the right suffix. c) I'm sure someone can argue differently, but I really think that the mixin syntax for Less is significantly better than Sass. I don't use mixins all the time, but this is really important if you want re-usable code. With Less, you don't have to declare @mixin and then @include it. Instead, any less block becomes a potential mixin. That said, Sass has a compressor/minimizer and Less doesn't really have one. I had to integrate clean-css into my builds. It would be nice if Less had this by default. Ah, that got me looking more closely. There is an option to use yui-compress and it seems with the 1.2.1 version. I use the shortened -x argument. https://github.com/cloudhead/less.js/pull/504/files GitHire is a spammer and doesn't deserve our attention. http://lookfirst.com/2012/01/githirecom-is-spammer.html --------------------------------------------------------- Hi Jon, Thank you for the bug report, and the criticism. I was surprised to see that you had not already disabled your profile, so I went ahead and disabled it for you. We are a new service, and we are truly trying to create the best possible experience for software engineers. Sending you an email about our job openings was a mistake. I'm very sorry about that, and it won't happen again. We recently implemented a feature where users can see job listings we have open in their profile and let us know if they are interested, so in that way we only contact people who let us know they are interested in specific job openings. I think that this is great start of a feature that could be good for everybody. Thanks again, Steve --------------------------------------------------------- Above is the form letter you sent me in response to me calling you out on spamming me. I wonder how many people also got that same exact email? Never mind the fact that the original email was a form letter too! The part about 'surprised to see that you had not already disabled your profile' seemed pretty absurd given that there was no way that I could disable my profile from your site. In fact, I shouldn't even have to disable the profile on your site. To begin with, you should have never created one for me, or anyone else. I certainly never asked you to do so and you've clearly violated GitHub's terms of service. Why are there still profiles up on your site? Why do you feel it is necessary to post the big names first ( http://githire.com/best ) and try to profit from their profile information? It isn't like they are looking for jobs. I'm sorry you made multiple bad judgement calls, but that isn't my fault. I also don't know why you expected a response from me. I really don't want to have anything more to do with your spam business. Even the title of this HN article is misleading. You are basing the failure of your business to recruit people from GitHub on economic indicators? Seriously? I don't have a personal need for this right now, but the fact that it stores the data as EBS volumes is pretty cool. I could imagine having local servers automatically mirrored so that they could be failed over to instances on ec2. Very powerful stuff indeed. This is really well done and funny. You missed one... https://github.com/mozilla/browserid/wiki/How-to-Use-Browser... Maybe that is the apology.