The dmd front end is GPL'd. I tend to learn languages by writing compilers for them. I'm sure that isn't normal . D started 10 years ago. It's not a flash in the pan. Uncaught exceptions are caught by the D runtime code, and the appropriate message is printed. You can declare functions as "nothrow", in which case the compiler will complain about any uncaught exceptions in the function body. You can do "header" files with D, too. They're called .di files and the compiler will even generate them automatically, or they can be built by hand. The compile speed advantage D has over C/C++ is that in the latter the header files must be reparsed for every source file. In D, the header files only need to be reparsed once, and then it is looked at symbolically for the rest of the source modules. D is also faster at compiling because the lexical grammar is designed to require little processing. Since banks are both heavily regulated and customers' deposits are insured by the government, one can expect capitalist market forces to go awry with their operation. The unit test facility built in to the D programming language has turned out in practice to be a huge win. Sure, it's on the basic side, but the advantages are there's a standard way to do it that is little more than just writing out your tests right next to the function needing testing. This convenience factor tends to make a function look incomplete without the unit test. I put mine in the closet, and run long video/keyboard wires to my desk. Works fine. There are limits to unit tests. For example, suppose I have a function I need to be pure (i.e. it does not modify any global state). No amount of unit testing will prove that it is pure. But a static type system check by the compiler can prove it is pure. Unit testing and static type checking have some overlap, but it is not complete overlap. Both are desirable. Length-embedded strings are little better than the 0-terminated ones. You cannot take a substring without copying. The "fat pointer" approach has been used in D for nearly 10 years now, and has proven itself to be very effective. Does anyone know of a desktop or laptop powered by an ARM running Linux? Optimizer and code gen problems are pretty hard for users to diagnose correctly, so most compiler vendors put a high priority on fixing them. Doesn't that just come with the territory? If you're successful with your opinions, people will argue with you. Joel doesn't know you're not going to sue him. Lots of people file frivolous lawsuits against companies, in the hope of a settlement even if the lawsuit has no merit (it takes a lot of time and money to defend against frivolous suits). It makes no sense for him to expose himself to that sort of risk. I think it comes from the 1960's depiction of computers, when if you hit the wrong key the keyboard would shoot sparks out and throw the operator across the room. A couple years back, I remember reading an article that argued that housing was way overpriced because the rents were only about half the value of the house. They should be in line with each other. The thing to do is to have the chief mechanic along for the check ride. For the time being, just try to put pipes into the plume and pump it into tanker ships. Even getting 10% will help. What worked for me was to not sleep for 30 hours beforehand. I'd be careful about concluding it could not have been accidental. The chemical industry isn't the only one that tries to prevent incorrect connections by using dissimilar connectors, but there always seems to be a mechanic that thinks he knows better and tries to "fix" it. They can and do find adapters or even make adapters. There's no malice involved, just pig-headed stupidity. I don't see a turbine anywhere. There's not even any amplification (boost). It's just a directional antenna. With that volume of money, why not use a credit card merchant account? I use one, and I've always found the CC company to be easy to get on the phone and eager to help me with any issues. It would seem easier to just scan the film, then write some software instead of building a special machine. My big, boxy "desktop" isn't on my desk, it's in the closet with long cables to my desk. This keeps the noise and clutter down. These studies were done during WW2 to investigate ways to increase productivity in the US arms factories. Note that this was with a workforce that wanted to produce as much as possible, not a workforce that was coerced to. Their conclusion to maximize productivity was to work 40 hours most of the time, with occaisional bursts at 60. Any algorithmic method of beating the market can only be successful if it is a secret and if its trades are of insignificant volume. Otherwise, knowledge of this algorithm will be factored into the prices, defeating it. Trading stocks isn't a zero-sum game. The value you deliver is to (more) accurately price the shares. It also isn't zero sum in that the person on the other side of the trade values what you're giving in exchange more than you do, by definition. Floss your teeth. Every day. Your older self will thank you. This doesn't make sense, as CPM86 was sold right alongside PC-DOS, both from IBM. The reason PC-DOS outsold CPM86 was that PC-DOS was $40 and CPM86 was nearly $300. It's as simple as that. I'll be there to talk about the D programming language. I think I'll stop reading HN and go do something useful! The slides: http://erdani.com/d/three-cool-things-about-d.pdf This looks like a reinvention of the scope guard statement: http://www.digitalmars.com/d/2.0/exception-safe.html In my college experience, I did the most learning when working my way through the problem sets with my fellow students. It would have been an awful lot harder without that (and a lot less fun). One would have to be fairly motivated to succeed alone in a room watching a video over the internet. The article was not intended to give a balanced view of issues vs usefulness. It was attempting to explain why C++ compiles relatively slowly, which is a common question people ask me. Whether or not the speed issues are balanced by other considerations is up to the C++ user. I don't really understand the fairness of being able to retire at 55 with a full pension. The retirement age should be 70. I've heard essentially that same story from lots of people my whole life. My grandparents even tried it with my father. It never works. I do my FreeBSD testing on a 10 year old box. I grew up with airplanes being old hat. But still prickles run down my spine when I look at that old photo of the Wright Flyer's first flight. What an incredible achievement that was, and how long man had dreamed about flying! The guy was doing 80 and not wearing his seatbelt. I don't see how Ford is to blame. An SUV is not a sports car. We have a 1000 years of history of what works in education, but people keep ignoring that. Why not study real life instead of fiction? Fictions are, by definition, not even pretending to be accurate. Smart enough to realize it's a work of fiction? I often hear college educated people claim "The Jungle" and "The Grapes of Wrath" are historical documentaries. The trouble with the specifics is since it's a work of fiction, there is no way to tell what is real and what is made up. Hence, reputable historians and sociologists should study reality from reputable sources. Do you really want the future policymakers of America to base their ideas on hollywood movie scripts? So, there was an amsterdam experiment in Baltimore? A cop inventing a serial killer? No? It belongs in a literature class, not a sociology class. It's like learning physics by watching Star Trek. Yes, The Wire was a great TV show. I enjoyed watching it. But let's not pretend it is a documentary. Isn't that like saying studying real world physics is hard, so we'll study Star Trek instead? If studying real relationships is so hard, how can you tell if the made up ones are valid? Why can a hollywood script writer do this while Harvard research academics cannot? Does the book confirm that the way to learn about physics is to study Star Trek's warp drive, transporter, subspace communications, telepathy, food replicator, telekinesis, parallel universes, force fields, gravity generator, dylithium crystals, time travel, vulcan death grip, etc., all based on no known scientific principles? An engine will run a surprisingly long time with little or no oil pressure. The idea behind them was to remove the work involved in learning and the effort required to teach. In exercise you cannot get strong without effort, and there is no way to learn without effort. The most effective way to teach someone and to learn is with a teacher, blackboard, and chalk. Everything else is second best (including the wonderful Kahn Academy). "This is the exact same kind of terrible, short-sighted, browser-specific garglemesh that plagued the web with favicon.ico a Microsoft only image format that forced a specific file name and location (and generates billions of 404s across the web every day)." Hmm. With the iPod, there's the apple-touch-icon.png "George Cayley knew how to make a plane a century before the Wright brothers took off. If only he'd got the internal combustion engine to work." This implies that all the Wrights did was slap an engine on a Cayley design and fly. It's an egregious misunderstanding of the Wrights' numerous essential contributions to flight that made flight possible. 1. The Wrights designed and built their own engine from scratch. Nothing available had anywhere near the power/weight ratio they needed. Essentially, the Wrights invented the first aircraft engine. 2. They invented the first correct propellor theory, enabling them to produce propellors that were twice as efficient as their competitors'. This, of course, enabled the engine to be half the weight and power. (This factor alone is why I don't believe the other pretenders actually flew - they didn't have the power.) 3. They developed a 3 axis control system. This is absolutely crucial to successful flight. 4. They discovered that the existing data for airfoil efficiency was wrong by a factor of two. Airfoils needed to be twice the size as was previously thought. The Wrights invented a wind tunnel balance that was able to measure lift and drag, and used it to develop a refined, successful airfoil. Nobody else came even close. 5. They developed their technology over a series of increasingly sophisticated prototypes. It's probably the first example of a directed research and development program. Taylor was employed by the Wrights, so yeah, they worked together on it. I included the wing warping as part of the 3 axis control. Yes, it was an original (and crucial) contribution by the Wrights. Just a quick comment; most books one cannot even give away. A lot of used books are sold on Amazon for $.01. The local used bookstore won't even take boxes of nearly mint books for free, because they can't give them away either. I read thousands of books as a kid and paid for nearly none of them. A good book on how airplanes are designed and produced is The Jet Makers http://generalatomic.com/jetmakers/index.html Yes, my father is the author. This kind of thing happens a lot. A favorite trick is to "bundle" your app with some useless add-on, and then split the revenue between your app and the add-on, halving your royalty. The way to get past that is to have a minimum royalty per unit, and a minimum aggregate royalty per quarter. I know someone who worked with Courtney. She's very smart. The wire sensor buried in the pavement has been around since the 1960's, and nothing has improved since then. You don't need to place sensors anymore, a simple camera can do it. Or even a directional microphone, or an infrared sensor, or a microwave radar, etc. When I get a bit tired of working on software, I work on my hotrod ('72 Dodge Challenger), which has no computers (or even electronics) of any kind in it. It's very refreshing to work on totally mechanical systems with my own hands, and have them come alive. After a while, I'm ready to go back to the keyboard. I benefited greatly from the courses I took at Caltech. What I learned was: 1. how to learn 2. organized methods of thinking about problems 3. how to separate truth from crap 4. how to break down large problems into solvable small ones I'm not sure how these can be learned effectively through self study. Both the US and German rocket programs were started by privately funded researchers. The governments only got interested when they saw working equipment. The same was true of jet engine. Neither the German nor British governments had the slightest interest in it until they were shown flying jet powered aircraft. The US government specifically told Lockheed to stop work on jet engines and concentrate on war production. A number of privately developed computer networks existed before the internet. Heck, anyone with two computers tried to connect them together. I suppose everyone has forgotten about all the privately developed and deployed networks before the internet as we know it - BIX, Prodigy, MCImail, Fidonet, UUCP, Telenet, the BBS systems, etc. To presume that without the ARPAnet there would be no internet is a huge stretch. For another example, the telegraph and telephone networks in the US were built with private funding. Even the transatlantic cables were private ventures (at enormous cost). I'm curious about all the downvotes with no comments. If the facts are wrong, say so. Pretty much everyone believes they are organized thinkers, can separate truth from crap, etc. I certainly thought so when I entered college. After 4 years of Caltech, though, I emerged with the realization that I didn't know much about any of that before. While maybe I still am not an organized thinker, I could tell that I had gotten a great deal better at it. Additionally, when I work with others, even though they have college degrees, I can often see the disorganized thinking and lack of problem solving skills. I see this a lot in the programming world, for example. Many programmers, when confronted a bug, flail about essentially at random hoping to get lucky and fix it. If you show them how to approach finding the problem in an organized manner, it's like you're speaking a foreign language to them (or at least I'm a very bad teacher, which is entirely possible). For another example, I once had the job of figuring out the force involved when a screw drive ran full tilt into its stops. I worked out the math, etc., coming up with a formula for the force, plugged the numbers in, and got the answer. My colleague nearby (with a 4 year engineering degree as well) asked me in amazement "what book did you get that formula from?" If you're an EE, and you carry around a card that has printed on it V=IR, R=V/I, I=V/R then you do not know how to solve problems - you learned how to formula plug. Some people can learn all this stuff from self-study. The risk with self-study, however, is that you may not be aware of where the gaps in your skills are, especially if they are difficult to quantify like "organized thinking" or "problem solving skills" or "ability to separate truth from crap". None of the courses were labeled with "organized thinking" or "separating truth from crap". Learning that stuff was a side effect of probably 80% of the standard curriculum. Separating truth from crap is essentially what the scientific method is all about. If there is data that doesn't fit the theory, no matter how small, the theory is wrong and needs to be revised. A theory may explain existing facts, but it is useless unless it can make predictions that can then be tested. Stuff like that. Most of those networks also evolved gateways to interconnect to each other. The history of technology is often one that starts out with proprietary interfaces that evolve under user pressure to standardized, open interfaces. We see that playing out yet again in the iPhone vs Android competition. As soon as there were two computers, people tried to connect them. The more they got connected, the more universal people wanted those connections to be. If commercial companies wouldn't do it, non-commercial entities would (after all, look at linux and the enormous success of free software). Heck, even I worked on hooking computers together back in the 70's using ad-hoc parts and wires and (never having heard of arpanet at the time) even sketched out how a decentralized "web" might work. The idea that a decentralized fault tolerant network is such a novel concept that it required a government to think of it doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Even the telephone system is decentralized. There are decentralized fault tolerant systems all around us as examples. Check out FidoNet http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FidoNet , a hobbyist produced global decentralized fault tolerant network, controlled by nobody. If the internet never existed, it's quite probable FidoNet would have grown up and fit into the same ecological niche. The internet used to run over the phone lines, too. It's a protocol. FidoNet is the counterexample that shows the government was not required to implement a global, decentralized, fault tolerant network. Before that, the phone system was a national, decentralized, fault tolerant network built without benefit of government funding, research, or protocols. There's a lot more to it than AT&T's version. See http://www.cato.org/pubs/journal/cjv14n2-6.html I don't see anything in AT&T's link suggesting it was paid for by the government. Just goes to show there is another side of the story besides the AT&T version. I've never found a company yet that didn't believe that free market competition was good for everyone else, but that their market was unique and they should be protected from competitors. The irony here is that at the time of the Kingsbury Commitment, phone networks were spreading across the country like wildfire. AT&T had already built its long distance network - it obviously didn't require a monopoly guarantee in order to do so. From the article, there were 3,000 phone companies. Surely with that number plenty would do very well in places other than major cities where there weren't 2,999 competitors. Just as obviously, with so many competitors there were not high cost barriers to entry. This article http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... lays out the reasons in a convincing manner. Very illuminating is the article pointing out that Lasik eye surgery is decreasing in cost, and why, while other health care costs are soaring. I tell them I'm a nerd. You shouldn't be. It's quite normal. If someone recorded and then transcribed normal conversation of your's (or anyone else's), you'd be appalled at it. I know I was when mine was recorded! Someone once complimented Cary Grant by saying he wished he could be as witty and suave as Cary was on screen. Cary replied that he wished he could be, too. There's a good reason why politicians carefully script and rehearse their remarks in advance, even the supposedly 'extemporaneous' ones. Not me. I vastly prefer Netflix's content delivery system over Hulu's. Hulu's PC player is stuttery at hires, and has a "comb" like artifact in fast moving scenes, whereas Netflix's works fine on the same machine. An objective standard for what is a good teacher or not can never work. It will be immediately gamed. It's like art, movies, music, etc. You and I immediately know if something is good or not, but we cannot write a set of rules defining good. How does one master the material yet fail the test? How would you know if the kids learned anything unless you test them? Would you get on an airplane where the pilot did not take any licensing tests, and all you know is he showed up for flight school? It's true that you cannot mass replicate a system that depends on exceptional people. It's sort of like vast quantities of high quality goods were not produced until people figured out how to produce such without requiring highly skilled craftsmen. Let's face it, what works is a teacher with a blackboard and a room of students at desks. Nothing else has ever produced better results. I see constant attempts to take the effort out of teaching and learning, and they all fail. Learning is like exercise. If you want to get strong, there are no shortcuts, you have to work at it. The same with learning. I do know people who figured out their marginal hourly rate after taxes, and decided to cut back their hours worked to stay under that. When figuring the hourly rate, one must take into account not only taxes, but loss of unemployment compensation, earned income credit, etc. There are definitely folks who do this and choose to work less because their net hourly rate is not compelling. The UCSD P-system was a VM that ran several languages, and was at least a decade older than the JVM. I stopped using MapQuest because I got tired of the errors in it - locations were often a mile or more away from where MapQuest said they were, leaving me driving around in circles. Loser pays can work when the amount the loser is liable for is the minumum of his legal fees or his opponent's legal fees. That puts the maximum he is liable for under his own control. I can fix anything with a hammer. I find it curious that it's impossible to find simple leather moccasins to buy. Most of these "barefoot" shoes seem way overengineered and overpriced. Apparently this reporter is capable of actually doing real research on thug life, rather than the Harvard professors who use "The Wire" as a lazy alternative to studying reality. Anybody who dissected a smoker knew it was bad for you (ever seen a smoker's lung? I have. Horrific). Even in the 20's cigarettes were called "coffin nails", and doctors routinely advised their patients to quit smoking. Epidemiological studies have been carried out since the early 1800's. This is essentially relying on convention rather than guarantees. Convention is fine for smaller programs, but it falls down when you're dealing with large, complex code bases worked on by many diverse programmers. If you're debugging a sharing problem, and relying on convention, you don't even know where to start looking for it in a large codebase. I wish Amazon would adopt the Netflix model for books. I'd certainly sign up for that. Without effective weapons, many will die. Nobody picks a fight with someone who can effectively fight back. A classic example are the companies that have sprung up for the sole purpose of maximizing Medicare payouts. Ever see those ads for scooters on TV "at no cost to you"? As a consumer, why would you inject yourself with an untested drug from some unknown startup? And the first two are rendered in my browser as a square box because the font doesn't support them. Useless. "If a bunch of actual adults suddenly found themselves trapped in high school, the first thing they'd do is form a union and renegotiate all the rules with the administration." My father went to MIT on the GI bill after serving in combat in WW2. His class was the first to go after the war, and they were all combat vets several years older than the sophomore class. When the fraternity hazing started, one of the vets told the kid with the paddle "you ain't gonna touch me with that". Hazing was suspended for the next 4 years. I get a chuckle every time I think of some kids trying to haze a combat veteran. I used to buy into the idea that reading a book, any book, is a good idea. That may be true if you're learning to read, but most books are junk and add no value to your life. You can stagnate easily by reading lots of potboilers, for example. One's intuition works if you think about it like a heavy brick pressing on a slippery wedge shaped object between the brick and the floor. The wedge will "squirt" out the side at several times the velocity the brick is moving towards the floor. Where a computer fails is when judgment is required. For example, you have an in-air emergency, and are going to have to crash land. What do you pick to crash land on to? Consider Captain Sully's recent decisions in just such an emergency. It's essentially the tit-for-tat response, which turns out to be a very effective strategy for all sorts of things, not just bullies. Learning trig and calculus are very beneficial in that it teaches thinking skills that are applicable to a wide variety of useful life skills. I don't see where he got the impression that D is not actively maintained. See http://www.digitalmars.com/d/2.0/changelog.html , which is the record of frequent, active and extensive updates. The problem is that the code looks correct for anyone coming from C, C++, Java, D, Javascript, etc., but produces unexpected results. Simultaneously complaining about taxes and the deficit does does make sense if you consider cutting spending. I'm not. Power is a seductive mistress. There is no bureaucratic rule that can be devised that can separate good teachers from bad ones. Every such rule can and will be gamed. It's like the difference between art and porn - the difference is obvious by inspection, but impossible to codify. With a free market school system, people will know who the good teachers are and will pay for them (supply and demand). With a government school system, this simply will never work, because the people paying the salaries will never be the ones judging the teachers. "I came, I coded, I crashed" -- Julius C'ster "The double is cast" -- Julius C'ster "If you must break the loop, do it to sieze power; in all other cases continue." -- Julius C'ster To some extent, sure, the larger the organization is the more bureaucratic and inefficient it gets at about everything. But there's still one fundamental difference - with public schools, one is forced to attend (truancy laws) and forced to pay for it. The problem we're discussing is how does one determine who the "best" teachers are? Gates did not propose a solution to this problem. I submit that, being a government school system, such a solution will involve a bureaucratic rule that will inevitably be gamed. Note that the current system of determining the best as being a bureaucratic rule-based combination of seniority and educational level is a recognized failure. I guarantee you that all the alternative rules proposed in this thread can be easily gamed as well. This is in spite of the fact that anyone working in a school (including the students) knows who the best and worst teachers are, and don't need any rule to tell them. What I suspect is that half of the questions on the test came from the test bank, and half were original to the professor. Therefore, the cheaters can be detected as ones who got the first half nearly 100% correct, and the second half maybe 50% correct. I took accounting from a guy who used to be a used car salesman. He told me that most customers are focussed only on the monthly payment. They simply did not care what the price was, just that monthly payment. The original point of the .99 pricing is so that the cashier needs to open the cash register to make change, thereby producing a record of the transaction. It reduced theft by the cashiers. This site is hilarious. Every successful business idea I've had was met with derision by every respected professional I encountered. A safe system is one that has redundant subsystems, so the complete failure of any one subsystem does not cause the whole to fail. My Miele never worked right, the plumber couldn't fix it. Finally I had it ripped out and replaced with a Maytag. It was common sense in 1977, when the people I worked with were connecting their computers together. I don't find Steve Martin that funny. But I do enjoy his writings about his career. I know he works hard at his craft, and think he's a class act. Do people really believe that, in the Olympics for example, the winners don't have a genetic predisposition (i.e. talent) for the sport they won in? For one thing, it's obvious that certain sports favor certain body types. This was discussed when Michael Phelps won all those swimming medals - his body structure was particularly well suited for swimming. >Why is it that universities are left-leaning? My father taught free market economics at a small private college. His students would regularly comment to him that they'd never heard that stuff before, that they didn't even know there was a rationale behind free market economics. Stepanov's STL has inspired the design of ranges and algorithms in the D programming language standard library. http://www.digitalmars.com/d/2.0/phobos/std_algorithm.html After college, I have taken many classes and taught many classes. All of them involve the student paying the instructor to teach them something. If the student does not want to learn, he will not show up, let alone pay his own money to the teacher. If the teacher doesn't teach well, he won't get any paying students. There are no exams, and there is no cheating, because there is simply no point to either. Though there is homework. I hope he does become an attorney. The article confuses wealth with income. You can have a very high income, live high on the hog, and have zero wealth. Likewise, you can have a lot of wealth and zero income. I use a windup mechanical alarm clock for critical wakeups. I've had batteries fail on battery clocks, and the power go out on plugin clocks. The windup ones have never failed me. I make my living off of copyright. But I think the term should be 28 years, and it could be extended by the copyright holder for a few additional years at a fee of $5,000/year. I actually know one that is true. The Air Force back in the 60's brought some old piston engine transports back into service. The mechanics could not get the engines to deliver the power to spec, they read the manuals, and did everything they could think of, no dice. Finally, the AF hired some old mechanics out of retirement who used to work on them, and they promptly had them running to spec. Turns out there's a lot on how to tune them that was never written down. When I was at Caltech, a number of students were interested in Astronomy and majored in it. They were well aware, though, that the chances of getting a job in Astronomy were exceedingly small. So they did the sensible thing - double majored. One was AY and was for fun, the other they expected to be able to get a job in. Why Caltech rocks: "Its indifference to athletic performance is well reflected by the fact that its men's basketball team in recent years had a 207-game losing streak, its women's basketball team had a 50-game losing streak, and men's soccer team lost 201 games in a row." I attended Caltech in the 70's, and the article is accurate. I was told by older students that there had been efforts by outsiders to get the students to stage protests, but that the students had ignored them with "but I've got to get to class!" My SAT scores were lower than those cited in the article, but were average for my freshman class (750/640). I understand that there has been inflation in the SAT scoring system since. One thing not mentioned was Caltech's attitude towards students who were accepted. Once they were in, they were in. You could flunk and fail repeatedly, and Caltech was always ready to let you have another go, even a decade later. I know students who dropped out and were welcomed back a decade later to finish. I lucked out in going to Caltech. The way the college was run fit my attitudes completely. The administration always treated the students like sentient, responsible adults (even when we behaved badly) and by and large the students responded by acting like adults. For example, professors were not allowed to take attendance at lecture. The students could show up or not, their choice. Grades were determined by the midterm and final, which of course were given on the honor system. The students liked the system, and if you broke the honor system you were ostracized. Nobody cheated that I knew of the entire 4 years I was there. It's true that, at least in the engineering department, Caltech isn't that hands-on. But I learned the hands on at work at Boeing, and it was backed up by solid theoretical knowledge, which was lacking in a lot of the other engineers. So I think it's the better approach. We also had Carl Sagan once come by our dorm (Page) for dinner and conversation. I only realized years later what a treat that was. >it sounds like most of the Cal Tech freshmen have already wasted a few years getting ready for the SATs, making straight A grades, and taking AP courses. Sorry, guys, but that's a LOT of work, No, it isn't a lot of work. I never studied before going to Caltech. I never studied for the SAT. This was typical for incoming freshmen. The ones who had to study hard for SATs, etc., could not make it at Caltech, and frankly the admissions committee tried to not admit them. (It's Caltech, btw, not Cal Tech.) Of course academics are not the only thing. Caltech looked hard for people that were smart, motivated, and passionate about their interests. You wouldn't get admitted without all three. Keep in mind that Caltech is a very small school, smaller than a lot of high schools. They chose to focus on doing one thing very well, and they succeeded at it. For some types of people, very much including myself, it was a perfect fit for my personality and what I wanted to get out of college. If you're not one of those people, there are plenty of other excellent choices. An admissions officer at Caltech once told me they did look at applicants with poor grades and would overlook them if there was a good reason why the grades were poor and there was very strong evidence that the applicant was impressive anyway. For my own experience, I loved being around people smarter than me. I don't recall ever being bored at Caltech. >But, ugrad school is not supposed to be so challenging that determined students "could not make it". Some students will never make it there no matter how hard they work. If one had to take a "test prep" course to do well on the SATs, then realistically Caltech is not the right school for him. And I'd never be an olympic athlete, no matter how hard I tried. I'm in the Seattle area. The Caltech alum community here is pretty small :-( I read with bemusement the various articles and laments about rampant cheating in colleges. And yet this cheating was completely absent at Caltech. Even the failing students did not cheat, it never occurred to them. Perhaps that's also why I place no value on my piece of paper degree or GPA. I think it's moldering in the basement somewhere. What I value is the experience at Caltech and what I learned there. Reading the catalog of what classes I could take next semester was like picking which dessert you wanted at a banquet; the only regret was my stomach was only so large. Cheating would have gotten me nothing that I wanted. I also read about students complaining that their college courses aren't "relevant", who wonder what the point is, that they'll never use that knowledge, etc., then graduate and wonder why they can't get a job. It seems pretty obvious to me why they can't. Reminds me of when I got irritated at a long wait for my doctor's appointment. Dang it, I made an appointment! Finally the doc came out and apologized profusely for the delay, saying he had a patient come in with a life threatening allergic reaction. My irritation promptly vanished and I told the doc he had no need to apologize for doing what was right. Teleportation will never be possible. darn it, the ipod version of that app won't do barcodes. >> This website's music is great - turn it up! > Definitely. No one has ever said that, ever, in the history of the web. Only if it's Freedom Rock, man! The CEO is also the top salesman of the company. In many companies, the CEO doesn't actually run the company - he's the face of the company and goes out doing sales. That can be incredibly important. I think there's little doubt that Jobs is the top salesman of Apple. I'd love to see what happens when dogs are bred for intelligence, rather than those other silly things people breed them for. Krugman doesn't realize that the economic success of America (and other countries) has all depended on producting more output with less labor input - i.e., increasing productivity. That is what has enabled us to move beyond an economy where 97% of the workers worked on the farm raising food. That's down to something like 2% now. The rest of us can now do other things like make cars, computers, and software. I based my comment on this Krugman quote: "Consider: A corporate leader who increases profits by slashing his work force is thought to be successful. Well, that’s more or less what has happened in America recently: employment is way down, but profits are hitting new records. Who, exactly, considers this economic success?" I bought an early Minidisk player (still have it), and you could record with it using ordinary line in RCA jacks. A microphone was not necessary. As a replacement for a cassette deck, it beat the pants off of it. Sadly, the copy protection on the disks (it wouldn't even let you do a bit copy of your own disk recordings) killed it. I agree. It's a sad case of what-might-have-been. The real problem is the high cost of health care. This article argues persuasively that it's government interference in the sector that has caused the enormous costs: http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... Holding interest rates artificially low, and very favorable tax treatment for real estate investments and gains, clearly added a lot of air to the bubble. A lot of your day to day activities can involve negotiating. For example, taking your car in for service/repair? Negotiate the price. Buying tires? Negotiate the price. Booking a hotel room? Negotiate. Doctor visit? Negotiate the fee. Heck, even a department store will often negotiate if you're nice. I had the same thought. I think Watson would make a fabulous resource for medical diagnoses. It also shouldn't just give the "answer", but the top 10 or so matches along with their probabilities. I'm sad they didn't use HAL's voice for it. Talk's cheap if you're not faced with such a choice. At Caltech, the homework was 0% of the grade, the final and midterm exams comprised 100%. That was the school policy. You didn't have to show up at all to class or do any of the homework, and could still get an A, and many students did just that. I tried that, though, it didn't work for me :-) In order to pass the exams I discovered I needed to attend all the lectures, do all the homework, and make sure I understood all the homework problems and solutions. Caltech had a famous EE lab class. At the beginning, you wrote a spec for the project you would design and build. The spec had to be approved by the prof. At the end of the term, you handed in your project. If it met the spec, you got an A, if it didn't, you got an F. No excuses were accepted. Back when I entered Caltech, someone mentioned what Feynman's salary was. (Feynman was a prof at Caltech.) I stupidly said I thought his salary was outrageously high. I was pointedly told that Feynman was worth far more than his salary simply to have his name listed as being on the staff (bringing interest, credibility, and donations to Caltech). And, of course, Feynman being Feynman he did infinitely more than just have his name on the roster. Only his tragic demise was able to stop him. Any company would be out of their freakin' minds to pass up any opportunity to hire Feynman. I'd "interview" him for the opportunity to spend an hour with him, not that there's any chance in hell I'd say "no hire". As for his position and job at the company, who cares. Whatever he wants. It reminds me of a story my dad told me. His secretary complained to him that "garbagemen make more than me." He suggested that she quit and get a job hauling garbage. Her answer? "No way, that's a dirty, disgusting job." Here's why it's broken. It's a long read, but worth it. The reasons are not what you'd expect, and not what you usually hear. http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... "For fun, let’s imagine confiscating all the profits of all the famously greedy health-insurance companies. That would pay for four days of health care for all Americans." http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... Insurance company profits are not the problem. The Romans did not have the printing press. The press produced a sharp exponential increase in technological progress. Without the press, the spread of new ideas and techniques is extremely slow, and there isn't much cross-pollination of technologies. Worse, an awful lot gets forgotten. Printing supported not only governments, but revolutions. I have a hard time believing the American Revolution could remotely have happened without the printing press. Consider the modern parallel of the Egyptian Revolution being enabled by Facebook. Your last point is the main one. Juries seem to convict based on a preponderance of evidence, not proof beyond reasonable doubt. I would also argue that if the only evidence is a single eyewitness' testimony, that is not proof beyond reasonable doubt. It's true, in trying to come up with a presentation on C++, it's really hard to find anything new to say. Converting static array references to pointers when passing them as a function parameter. The whole array/pointer conflation. C's struct "tag name space". Trigraphs and \ line splicing. Replace #include with symbolic import. I always give an answer given to me by a used car salesman. Those who don't understand math can and will get rooked for $$$$ by those who sell them financing. I carry a phone that'll tell me the time. But I wear a wristwatch because I can tell the time at a glance. I don't have to dig in my pocket for the phone, open it, and peer at it. I can tell the time while driving, my watch is right there. I can tell the time while jogging without having a phone flapping around in my pocket. I can check the time when my hands are carrying things. I can unobtrusively check the time. I can read the big face with hands on a watch faster than I can read the numerals off of the rather busy face of my phone. The battery on my watch dies once a year. It dies every other day on my phone. I don't have to remember to charge my phone. I.e. my phone tells the time, but it's a lousy watch. I'm old, too, and stuck in my ways. So there! I have a self-winding watch in a drawer. I abandoned it because it wasn't accurate. I had to reset the time every day. I love the cheap quartz watch I have. Big face, big hands, can tell the time without my glasses on, incredibly accurate, $20, with a button for a backlight. Talent is worth about 1%. The other 99% is effort. It only gets worse. Oh, for the good old days when the only movies Hollywood made were westerns, cop shows, and slasher films. The percentage of good movies coming out of Hollywood has always been low. This idea that there was a mythical time when movies were great is nonsense. The problem is, we tend to only remember the handful of great movies made back when. Nobody recalls the acres of dreck. The other issue that Hollywood can't recognize a hit in the making was always true. Nobody ever thought Casablanca would be anything other than a throwaway time filler. Star Wars was a completely unanticipated hit, even by the people who made it. Etc. The industries in the US that are in the deepest trouble are: 1. financial 2. health care 3. education Is it a coincidence that they are the ones with the heaviest regulation and government involvement? Contrast that with the computer industry, which is pretty much unregulated. We have fantastic innovation, progress, price reductions, etc. What annoys me is I cannot copy files from my PC to the iPod. "Perhaps more now than ever, the point of the college experience is to have a good time and walk away with a valuable credential after putting in the least effort possible." And then they wonder why a college degree is not a ticket to a good job. Do I have to upload the file to dropbox.com in order to see it on my ipod? That doesn't work for me, as I wish to transfer files to my ipod that are hundreds of megabytes. I can copy files off of the ipod via the USB, but not on. I know lots of people who started their own companies in fields that have nothing to do with technology, investment banking, etc. Most of them are doing well. Look around you - there are businesses everywhere. All started by someone. Heck, the woman down the street started a barber shop in an empty slot in a local strip mall. One of the most effective things you can do when building a house to save your own life and property is to install a fire sprinkler system. I've done some renovation work on old buildings. I recommend removing ALL of the old wire. There's nothing like looking at a shabby old wire and wondering if it is hot or not. Even worse, sometimes an idiot will try to reconnect that old wire, yes, I've seen them try it. Rip all of it out. Somalia is the antithesis of a libertarian country. A libertarian ideal country requires the protection and guarantee of individual rights. Never mentioned is the fact that the government had a fixed exchange rate for gold, yet was inflating the dollar from 1914 on. By 1929, the dollar had nearly halved in value, yet there was the same exchange rate for gold. What this essentially means is you could double your money by exchanging cash for bullion. This precipitated a run on exchanging dollars for gold, a run that continued to collapse banks until FDR suspended exchanging dollars for gold. Please don't. I typed in the examples from the paper and tried them out with the Digital Mars C compiler. They all passed, as well as http://blog.regehr.org/archives/482 . I hope the authors will try to break dmc with their test suite generator, and look forward to fixing any issues they find. Copyright holders should be obliged to register their works after 10 years and every 10 years thereafter or so. The list of the registrations should be publicly accessible on the internet. If they can't be bothered to do it, the works should slip into the public domain. And I speak as someone who makes his living from copyrighted works. That's funny, in 1982 that's exactly what I did for a job interview - I brought in a listing of source code to show what I could do. I found out later that that's why I was offered the job. The argument that this isn't fair to many programmers has also been going on at least for the last 30 years. Fair or not, it helps a lot in convincing an employer you're worth hiring. The way to deal with it is to allow legal consenting adults to take any drugs they want to - provided they sign a contract saying they understand the drug is not approved by the FDA. But if a drug is approved by the FDA, then the drug company is inured against liability for that drug. If you've got a chronic/debilitating/painful illness, as long as you're not about to drop dead, no soup for you? I can't see how that is a compassionate, just, or rational policy. I would think everyone would know this by now, but amazingly they don't. I remember long ago interviewing a fellow. I asked him why he wanted to work for my employer. He answered that he wanted someone to pay for his move to Seattle where he could go skiing. People can be astonishingly dumb sometimes. Yes, and I did and still do many astonishingly dumb things. I'm sorry, I can't do that, Dave. There are a lot of parallels with airliner design. From reading articles about the nuke plant design, I think they could learn a lot from aviation engineers about how to build safe systems. Back in the olden daze, I was taught in college with nothing more than a prof and a blackboard, and I took notes. It works fine. I learned a helluva lot in a very short time. The thing is, it takes work to learn something. You have to make an effort. Labor saving machinery doesn't help any more than using a motorcycle to train for a marathon. As they say in athletics, no pain = no gain. I try wearing a dress shirt now and then, but if the building temperature isn't lowered a few degrees, I just perspire in them all day. With a t-shirt, I don't. At Caltech, we had an honor system. Proctoring of exams was not allowed. Most exams were take home, even though they had strict time limits (normally 3 hours). Once you opened the test, you had 3 hours to finish it, but since you were in your dorm room it was entirely and deliberately left up to your integrity. Tests were typically open book and open note. Some other characteristics: 1. Professors were not allowed to take attendance or base any part of the grade on attendance. 2. Homework was graded, but that grade had no influence on the course grade. Students were encouraged to use any resource, collaberation, etc., to understand and do the homework correctly. 3. Grades were based on exam scores. Policy was that if you could pass the exams, you got credit for the course even if you never showed up for class. In essence, the university treated us like adults. They provided an opportunity to get a first class education, and if you didn't take full advantage of that, that was your problem. The students liked this state of affairs immensely, and if you did cheat (and thereby threaten the honor system) you would be ostracized. Peer pressure can be extremely effective. I don't know anyone who cheated. For example, I know one student who, 1 hour into a 3 hour exam, fell asleep. He woke up a couple hours later, and finished the exam anyway. But he told the professor what had happened, and the professor was very sorry but he had to fail the student. The student was not angry about this, he blamed himself and took responsibility. I've seen very, very few people able to learn calculus outside of a school system. Most will just go to elaborate lengths to avoid using calculus and justify why they don't need to learn it.