The most of pro-prohibition crowds are either not-so-bright people who grab all their wisdom from TV without any proper experience whatsoever beyond alcohol & cigarettes, or law-enforcement-related people. As in many other cases, I believe following money explains it nicely. Ignoring the former redneck case, the rest has actually good bussiness case for latter. Ie legalize weed US nationwide, and many prisons (let's not forget many are private owned by investors, who want only one thign - maximize their profits by having as many inmates as possible), DEA loses maybe 90% of the success claims they have, and maybe local police can have more time dealing with serious issues. For conservative politicians, its political ammo par exellence, since if they will go hardline on drugs, there are very few risks to their career, and they can always claim all the usual stuff (drugs are destroying families and young people, we care about them etc... ever heard that?). Ask yourself - what can a politician gain vs lose bybeing pro-weed in US? Too lazy to look it up, but if I remember correctly that one of DEA chiefs was also head of some UN panel on drugs, which then enforce rules for all UN member states (read whole world maybe except North Korea). From first glance, it might make sense. But show me one career-oriented competitive guy (and being head of such an agency, you have to be at least that, and have a lot of political games skills), who would undermine his own little kingdom, and make his own subordinates lose job by declaring that some of most popular drugs shouldn't be banned. One real example - weed & hashish have thousand years of history in hindu culture (look up shiva day when almost all india is high), yet they had to ban it after they joined UN. So, we can thank those guys for making policies that worldwide raise crime, help supporting organized crime on massive scale (brutal mexical cartels are a fine example, out of many, ie afghanistan) It's like thinking, that in banking/trading/brokering, it's always the client's best interest that's primary drive. Well yes of course, unless the bussiness is funded mainly by operational fees. WHat do those brokers do? Make you do as many operations as possible, of course, without being too obvious :) (*no references here :)) Or... you can invest your most precious possesion you have, that is the remaining time in this planet, to have a life ;) That doesn't go against achieving full potential mentioned above, just that narrowing your efforts and energy only to what is daily job for most people here... let's say most people have other priorities in life Nobody will reencode anything in photo sites. Just newer content will be supported. As for FB, their internal re-compression of jpegs is annoying as hell. Fine details taken with D750 become blocky almost cell phone quality images. Solution? Upload PNG. nah, not really true for my experiences. For general IT geeky introvertish people, traders are exactly on opposite side of personality spectrum. 99% jobs are worse than hedge fund jobs? again, simply not true "That money and our presence there hasn't worked" - I don't agree. It is valid if you are naive and believe US went around the world twice to spread goodwill and western values to those who despised them anyway, by blasting hundrets of thousands of civilians (and few armed guys along) to pieces. But, if you look at those adventures from economical perspective of those who have huge influence in US politics all the way to white house and can profit nicely from any war effort, there are no big mysteries. Or, just "follow the money" works nicely. - completely agree on that cash spending point. in fact, my personal opinion is that we shouldn't try to reach the stars/other planets until we solve our massive issues here, ie no person should die from hunger, all children should get proper education/health care, minimize polluting/raping our own ecosystem etc. You know, the basics of fabric of any sustainable advanced society that we sometimes claim to be/aspire to be. - multiculturalism has largely not worked, at least not for europe's immigration. the issue is lack of any proper integration, accepting european values etc. People here are well aware, and incidents like these will play nicely in hands of terrorists. Further polarization of society, meaning more jihad recruits, more attacks and so on. It doesn't matter that maybe 98% of muslims here are nice people that don't cause any issues (apart from that integration, but if I were living in muslim country, I wouldn't accept their values neither). US fares much better in this aspect. I am not at all talking about stopping all space exploration, banning rocket science or similar nonsense. Only specifically about manned mission to mars and huge amount of cash that will cost it. Be it a noble cause, there are more noble and pressing ones that will have much more positive impact on our society. And just because something ain't easy it shouldn't be aspired to be done? Or do you really feel internally perfectly OK throwing away stale food knowing there are kids starving out there? (seen those first hand, not in africa but in india, and to say it's a touching and saddening experience is a gross understatement). well that's nice and all, so next time CEO wants a new fleet of jet aircrafts for him, all should pay more for the medicines? Because, you know, we can? Companies should definitely make profit, but their default modus operandi is "milk the cow as long as possible", which would directly result in many deaths... not much sympathy from the crowd there. Let's not forget simple math here - company is/was charging for medicine that doesn't cost more than few tens of bucks to produce... 69,000? Sorry, ridiculous all the way through. Don't care about research bla-bla Just turn on that weird device that used to be called TV. During winter, 1/3 of the adds are medicines. Who pays for those adds? All those who buy medicines... let me guess - you have this Putin guy as a personal hero and the best thing that happened to Russia for decades, right? :) Black & white world you live in, I think some time outside your home country would do you good. what is annoying for me is unreliability of delivery of messages. some never get to target phone! Simple scenario - I send messages 1, 2, 3. All three gets delivery on target phone (double gray "hook"), first one gets to be read (hooks turn blue), second doesn't, third does. Country - Switzerland. Both platforms - android. Just one step away from moving away from whatsapp, considering competition offers sometimes much more (ie viber - emoticons, childish but lovely way to talk to my gf :)) all I see is a fear (of being alone, whatever might be the reason) and weakness (to face reality, to stand to annoying people around etc.). You wanna be alone? So be, and be proud of it, no small lies all around you. Or way more realistically, you wanna partner? Well get the hell out of your stupid phone and meet real people. It ain't easy, but nothing really important in life is... This is vastly mentality problem and consequences that comes with it. Simple fact is, southern european countries have laid back attitude which is nice to enjoy and so on, but doesn't perform well and has more drawbacks in long term, as we can see. The s t had to hit the fan hard, and it did for people to wake up. What do you expect - full pardon on all mistakes? It won't happen next time, we promise? You know, one of life's lessons is - you pay for all your mistakes, and youth is no excuse for them. Sometimes, in a very hard way. We all have crappy politicians in one or other way, but guess what - unless vote was rigged, they were elected by majority. I do agree with notion that in democracy nation has leaders that it deserves, exceptions will even out in broader average (either location or time based). One generic example - when there was massive tax evasion, people should have outsted it's government for closing an eye on it. They didn't. Now they face consequences for what every sane moral person must have felt is wrong. now, nothing. In future, possibly raise some sort of (EM) shield? Of course nothing to for us/our kids, but I am sure within few millenia this would be perfectly feasible (at least my imagination wishing so :) I have couple more (definitely having an issue at the end of call having screen locked) - sometimes it starts playing my Shuffle player out of blue, while being in pocket (but for last months it didn't happen) - sometimes my Sygic car navigation fails to catch up in plain open terrain for very long time (though this might not be related to OS at all) - if phone is not on cable, I can be 1 hour next to known wifi and it will still use my limited 3g connection. Once i turn on screen, in 2-3 secs it's in. Same goes for some messaging apps (ie whatsapp) overall OK phone for the price (especially when seeing colleague's Moto X being bricked/losing all data few times from google's updates), but far from bugless. same as you can have, just stand up and walk away from treadmill... oh wait, cash, security, not dying from appendicitis and whatnot is so comfortable, right? :) 90's for me :) ... and would you then test all critical systems, one by one, when having morning rush to work in example? Once you trust you trust, and if you don't, you don't update. Not much space between (for me) ... good example, but McLaren is far from your usual car manufacturer. In purchasing price you pay also for these services... agreed, these lowest (if any) income class should stay away from any kind of debts as far as possible. It's a spiral that they've already fallen through at least once ads are paid by click, no? so if you don't click, no harm done plus the doors were blasted out (explosive bolts), so I din't think the door were able to shut anymore. heating didn't work in capsule too. So if curious bear would come (and they are really curious beasts) and start having fun with doors and weird meatbags inside, I don't think they would be in a nice situation in case you didn't notice, it was cold WAR during that era :) also, US had this tiny little program called STAR WARS... but please continue with your personal impressions, they seem trippy enough to be fun to read now you're mixing apples and... uranium ore. next step is extrapolating heroin/crack/meth addiction drawbacks to alcohol and tobacco addicts, right? I tried shrooms roughly 10-15x in my life, gradually found a way to get most out of the experience (instead of 5-6 hours of mediocre intensity having 2-3 hours of pure joy). Never tried anything harder/different than this & pot, so there goes gateway thingie. I don't even know how to describe what I've been trough, but always purely positive extremely intensive experience. FOr me it's not social drug like pot. In fact, when trying to walk around in broad daylight, meeting people etc. the struggle to look normal was literally killing whole trip, since reality was much stronger info feed to my brain. Since it's digested, after laying down in bed and closing eyes, I would describe the event as gradually losing all senses and connection with body. My self dissolving into something like a mist, breaking into atoms and just hovering. I am an atheist, but it was always very spiritual experience (to me it explains a bit why there are so many religions - we have it built in somehow). Coming back from trip was not instant, always like going down some massive mountain, step by step, discovering your senses and body again (you don't realize that you are "seeing" without anyhow utilizing your eyes, until you start getting them back. Same for rediscovery of hands for example). Would I advise these to anybody? Nope. As article said, if one has some deep issues, this can unearth them. But so can excessive alcohol and other stuff (one of my ex' father had schyzophrenia attack triggered by excessive drinking, stayed with him whole life after that accident). Is this an issue of psychedelics? No, just us. They are just powerful tool, nothing more. That being said, didn't have ones for couple of years, mostly because they are not easily accessible (collecting wild mushrooms can bring nasty poisoning if you mix them up for others, and I don't feel up for Tor orders :)). They are definitely not addictive, in fact after each experience being so hugely intense, I didn't feel the curiosity for quite some time. Also, trip being super intense, after it I always get terrible headache from my brain being literally owerworked. I say everybody who is mentally OK (strong condition here) should try them once. I think mankind overall would look better, and be happier :) in fact, constant stress would make body even weaker. psychosomatism is a real thingie. not that happy people cannot die from cancer exactly! I had my back tatoo being done on 4 sessions, each was 4-hour long experience. It felt as a pizza cutter running here & there on my back, having areas around spine and sides much more sensitive and thus painful. I can guarantee you, after coulpe of hours of nearly-sustained pain, I was dumbed down to basic creature, which can say yes, no, left, right and that was about it. Imagining 2 years of it... you, not even me, have an idea how crippiling such pain long term is. I can see roughly your point - but it's a point made by boy who has no clue how crippiling constant pain is. Neither do I, but I had at least a glimpse. With pain level high enough, it would cripple your remaining days to drooling struggle to function like a human being. That's why most of those unfortunates end up on high doses of painkillers, which really dumb them down to semi-consious level. That's not what psychedelics do to you. Yeah, definitely, but there are drawbacks too. if you already have a woman by your side that you want to spend rest of your life with (and judging by your comment about son, you should be there) - extra ladies attention is annoying as hell. If you are actually mentally a grown up, this ain't an impressive result as it might seem :) (Yes, been/am there, but to impress ladies you don't need to be creepy muscular type. Just a sporty one. Especially if you care about quality of your partner, not just quantity). as for strength - I find it much better to have real world-usable one, combined with endurance. Examples you describe are OK, but better use cases for me are - being able to climb that mountain (or just hike it), full day of of-piste skiing (its damn hard on quads) etc. In many sports, too much muscles has negative impact. For high altitude, common knowledge is that gym type muscular types struggle more up there. For climbing same. But that's me. It also brings freedom in eating - keeping huge amount of muscles while doing some 3-week effort on Aconcagua... not really possible. Nah, you can start gym/intense excercise anytime, I started about... 31? Major imporovement in about everything, including sex (you don't get tired so easily for example). There is no "too late" age. As for losing muscles - our bodies run in "least necessary amount needed" mode, since muscles are nutritient-hungry to sustain if not needed. You need to constantly push them to even sustain your level of strength/endurance. If I stop all my activities for 2 weeks, you feel horribly weak when coming back. Marathon runner could write books about it :) This behavior can be found in all markets out there, regardless of the scope. And then comes beauty of free market - over longer term, taking acount bigger mass of farmers for example, more desired product should win. There are many tractor manufacturers, and if John Deere is deemed c p manufacturer in long term, some other makers will eat its market share, either by providing simpler machinery (ie trend mentioned in article when farmers buy older models), or open one. If farmers as a whole are "not-so-clever" though, and they keep buying new ones (ie voting with their money for fragile new tech), then they deserve the new tech "punishment". Lesson to be learned here - be conservative about new technology and buy only long-proven solutions, regardless how much average HN Joe might not like this non-cool approach. Also, fully agree that they shouldn't be made any more special than other jobs. Maybe ideal would to completely lose warranty (ie like iphone jailbreak), but making it criminal act is way too much. journalism is too much flattery in this case The pattern is apparent - once you become rich, you don't want to donate millions to governments in taxes. Anyway you do, but trying to minimize it. Be it for their lack of any transparency how cash will be used (mostly wasted in very ineffective way). It doesn't matter if it's famous or unknown rich. Now what to do with this situation... There are too many tax havens out there (Suisse, Monaco, Channel islands, Luxemburg, Malta etc. - this is just good ol' europe). There will always be rich, powerful people no matter what system you come up with (sheep/wolf human nature responsible here). If you tax them too much, they will flee (ie Tina Turner) and you lose all the money for good. Those are clever people, having best financial advisors out there. Heck, if I had hard earned/inherited millions or more, I wouldn't want to support some war efforts/failing eu social policies either. If feeling generous, you can always give back more directly ie by building some school, avoiding bureaucrats that eat away most of cash. YOu know, the richest man in the world style. There is a good reason why he didn't donate all his money to something existing, but managing investments by himself (maybe not exact description, but you get the point). All in all, nothing new... Nice textbook phrases, now let's get back to the real world out there for a while. Do you even understand the simple truth, that most of the times no law is broken in tax optimalizations? Only when it does, it gets highly publitized. Usually, tax systems are full of loopholes and accountants just need to be creative enough (and yes, they are...). Without breaking any specific law, by logic "what is not explicitly forbidden is allowed". Personally, I do believe in minimal and fair taxation. If you have system where successful people have over 50% tax burden (quite common in progressive tax systems), you can expect many attempts to get away from it. Just human nature. Your textbook phrases won't help much, do they. Just look at Switzerland itself - most democratic country in the world, one of the richest (and their wealth ain't based on banking secrecy - whole banking industry brings roughly 12% into GDP... tourism and high quality exports are primes here). Low personal and corporate taxation, and the country and system just works. Why cannot rest of europe work this way? How much tax evasion is within Switzerand? Almost none... waaait, you call people living ie in Zug canton and commuting to Zurich "a massive tax evasion"??? People are doing what they want and can, within the swiss law, which is perfectly OK with this scheme of things. If it wouldn't be OK, the could easily pass laws ie for work permit/canton of residence relationships. There is this part of the tax called Federal tax, ya know... Now that you personally find the already uber-rich Zurich city somehow being on the wrong end of tax deal is your own personal issue. Personal anecdote - my friend is living in Zurich, commuting daily to Zug for work. But that's another story :) those "discs" are per month? anyway, my comment was on rich people, no real definition but say earning more than 1 mil eur/ear. If I understood your description correctly, they pay around/above 50% of taxes, right? How many of you folks have found a long lasting, good quality date via Tinder? Serious question, no pun intended. For me, albeit using it for only cca 6 months, it was useless. Same for people around me. Yes, I got tons of likes, many conversations, a few dates that could be more if wanted, but women available via this were mostly... uninteresting. I am a bit picky (I am quite sporty type, and silicone beauties whose idea of perfect sunday is basically doing nothing while showered in luxury repulse me). Never been looking for one night stands or similar, that's for poor folks with daddy (and other) issues. Those kind of "relationships" tend to take more from person than give, and after some time, meeting such a person is rather sad story (or, more blatantly who wants to seriously date slutty used opposite sex). Well, once you've got things to offer to women that they want, you can, and will be picky. I kept telling myself, it's just another way of meeting people, like all others. But for me, tinder crowd ain't doing the "game" seriously enough. Maybe location didn't help (Geneva, on border with France, and to be polite general French mentality towards relationships ain't compatible with mine). So I found amazing girl via other ways (climbing), dropped whole tinder app into oblivion. Nice idea, and kudos to this guy for really getting max out of concept, but not for me. And seeing success rate around me, just going to a stupid bar, dressing nicely and just be a man women want gives you way more reward for any effort. But it cannot be done from couch, can it :) Indeed, very true. There is always naive hope for the odd one, and I am sure for many it is. But then again, there are quite a few very compatible partners out there, for most of us. All the magic is about meeting them somehow, in right time. those are some good examples and make sense, thanx! Tried the meeting part, don't like to judge people based on few photos. There are some seriously nice and interesting girls that I met, via other ways, that don't have a single WOW photo. But as other poster suggested, our location plays its role too. all the good luck to you & your relationship ;) why, because i don't desperately sleep with all the girls that I meet in my life, just because they show interest? if not obvious from what I wrote, that's EXACTLY kind of thing I am not looking for, and for me, and few friends it's exactly the kind of thing Tinder offers. All the guys and girls I know that behave like this, there are some deep(er) issues in their past, usually broken families, mostly missing/abusive father figure. I tried to fix one girl like that that I deeply loved, and she did almost break me. Almost :) Probably right on spot, this place attracts specific type of people, at least for many job positions. As for French attitude, this is very subjective and local, so YMMV. Attitude of girls I met (not only dating, just friends) is that more you sleep around, the better. One girl for example was proudly saying that she did sleep with less than 20 guys, and how cool is that and I am so lucky! Or my current GF got uniform advices from her french colleagues when she broke off her last relationship, that she should sleep around for a while "to heal". Stories like these all over the place, consistent. These are not some trashy girls I met randomly on some beerfest or in stinking old bar, but women holding significant positions in multinational corps. This is of course not a general talk about all french girls, just a little sample I had an honor to meet in Geneva & around. And it doesn't apply to swiss french, they're different species altogether :) I enjoy sex too! Just preferring quality over quantity, that's all :) Plus hookup attitude does bring variable, usually low quantity and quality, among other potential issues. But it's true Tinder app didn't work for me, and I am very happy for those that wrote success stories here. I would have different attitude towards it if I was say 17 again. Glad I am not :) True, but title is really misleading, and from true photography point of view, smart phone cameras are edge case, on low quality end of spectrum. Also, most people with smartphone will never care for more than point & click, so suggested slight enhancement of coverage would make much more sense (although it doesn't put in anything that isn't already written out there 1000x times). Your story reminds me of my current GF, who is catholic. she had to "justify" dating me to her granny, who said something along "he is probably mkay, but atheist! have you lost your mind?" After meeting me, granny had to correct her perception and accept that atheists can be actually good people too :) do-not-agree. my example - after breaking up with girls, smoking pot make me come to terms with it rather quickly, gaining different perspective (ie that necessary step back that you don't have when deep in it). I see too many people dwelling in the past long gone, strong negative reactions when meeting previous lover etc (if one really moves on, meeting an ex is a "meh" experience no matter what happened... how many times did you see the opposite?). Curing grief, and I mean really curing for good, instead of being depressed has a net positive effect for me. If this thing would be completely legal, I wouldn't be destroying my lungs by smoking it, but apply some nasal spray, eye drops or similar with no side effects. true, proper term is "dew point" I believe, that's where all the wet magic happens (however weird that sentence looks like, it's perfectly normal) too dry air ain't very good for your "mucous" membranes (nose, throat, eyes etc). You want to be sicker just to save few bucks for heating? If poor, I guess it's the only option, but otherwise having heated place is same "luxury" as say buying a cheap & good coffee in the morning instead of doing it yourself... well you have probably exact date in the title of document ;) There is this Bush guy, easily the most hated US president to date by rest of the world (ie those +-95% of human race outside US). Let's not get too much into his lackey Rumsfeld... If in some ridiculous alternate reality Iraq would defeat US & UK and would actually went on and conquer them as nations, theye guys (joined by UK PM for examlpe) could easily end up in similar trial and be hanged. As you know, rules and history are written by vinners ;) not that I don't agree with all you say but... having lived under outright occupation by vast amounts of russian forces (former czechoslovakia), seeing how lack of freedom of speech, travel and... well just lack of freedom, centrally planned everything and the rest of it screws up entire generation of people, I would still opt for US. But that's the thing, that goes thought topics here too - US stepped down, and is continuing downwards, from "that hunky good friend of yours that you don't piss off and do what he says, and all is more than OK, otherwise he'll steal your lunch and breaks your leg" to simply lesser of all evils... BRAVO :( Yeah, iranians screwed up when they took US embassy hostages. It's a fact (too lazy to put references) that that embassy was actively messing with the iranian state (I would like to see how US would react if some foreign embassy did same intensity stuff in US) and that revolution was overthrowing corrupt dictator directly installed by UK & US. They should just politely kicked them out of country, and not giving US administration more cannon fodder. Without those hostages situation, right now Iran might have been on par with Dubai/Abu Dhabi or similar. They have the richness in oil & gas. Been there backpacking last year, people are amazingly, no AMAZINGLY friendly and nice. One of best trips of my life. They have their issues, some rather big ones, but so does other places. beginner's mistakes... how old are ya, kiddo? why I ask - you obviously troll here, nothing more :) Let's use analogy, maybe not 100%, but good enough - do you want to plan and have future where you have friends, which help each other (ie real friends), or do you want a future when where you spy on everybody, including your mother, father, best friend ever, your kids etc? Because you know, these attitudes will have lasting effects on our future and how will society look. If we don't even try to build fair world for our descendants, we'll never get there by accident. Or in other words - as a foreigner (would never want US citizenship exactly because of things like these) - we (in europe for example), for long thought we are friends. YOu helped us out in WW2, and it created special bond. Now it seems, you don't care anymore. Okay, we will try to find our own way. Things go both ways... Subjective experience here - been in Iran (Tehran, Isfahan, Yazd and places between those, backpacking & mountaineering). I think we all know better than to judge whole country of 80 million based on few radicals that are conveniently showed in TV? I have met several hundred people, most were very fond of west, US too (that surprised me), few didn't care and there was exactly 1 taxi driver in Isfahan, who asked me if I knew Obama - because he is war criminal... arguably not very bright type :) Maybe my experience isn't representative of the whole country, but few people screaming Death to america aren't either. We get it, you (US) want influence there, because of oil. And because of... oil. You don't like that there is actually somebody who doesn't care that much and isn't afraid. A bit egoistic, and I don't get what do you expect to get in long term, except for keeping whole region unstable, with weak rulers who bow in front of you... ah wait There is fundamental issue with spec - it cannot be implemented properly, because it completely ignores basic human "qualities" like greed, envy, paranoia, huge egos of power hungry control freaks on top of pyramide and so on. On paper it looks great of course, paper can handle a lot after all. Yes, we can keep trying, or we can learn from history. Wait... who does that? :) If universe is older than big bang, why don't we see anything older than that? I mean, there isnt such a drop in visibility of galaxy/bright object that is 5 billion vs 10 bilion years old. So, where are all 30 or more billion year old objects? Maybe there wasn't ultimate singularity in the beginning, but universe is definitely not the same no matter how far you look in the past. And yet there are endless possibilities for us compared to such a monarch. You wanna go to Bali for a month and just hang around, doing diving, kite boarding, hike to active volcano and much much more? No problem. That monarch? Didn't even read about that place in books. Even on that Bali, appendectomy won't kill you. Got fungus infection on feet? Here is cream, in 2 weeks you are OK. And so on... Yes, I think many many people live now much nicer lives than medieval monarchs. In 2 months, I go to Mont Blanc on skis, and I'll propose to my girlfriend up there if we both make it. As for monarch... I would presume stupid parents = rejecting vaccination for their kids because whatever... ain't it obvious? I disagree. Putin is building 21-century version of SSSR. He is in same delusional uber-ego dictator category as Stalin, just methods have matured, PR is better (well... he is still a shame to his country though), and he doesn't have the absolute power to unleash stalinist terror - it wouldn't work in same way as back then. To us in Europe, Putin (and hence Russia) is by far biggest thread to our society and our values. Forget cartoonish muslim terrorists, they are there just to catch headlines to get more sponsors/recruits from Saudi wahhabists. Putin, on the other hand, longs for his good old days in KGB and the power structure of the world back then. My country (Czechoslovakia back then) was heading towards democracy in 60', and it was invaded in '68 with russian forces just to stop it. For next 21 years, my tiny little country had 5% more population in form of soviet soldiers permanently stationed there. This recent bitter lesson won't be forgotten so easily - russians cannot be trusted. Period. I am more glad with US powerhouse being counterbalanced with Chinese. You can call my opinions personal, but Poles, Hungarians etc. could tell their own stories. I would even extrapolate and state that well-being of europe is, among other factors, linked to militarily weak russia. Once precious natural resources will go off (and eventually they will), there isn't much Russia has to offer to the world. If any non-russian disagrees, please go there living for few months, and let's talk after that. I wanted to write something about the country, that in many ways forgot the true meaning of word freedom... but then I realized you're probably just trolling, aren't you :) good for you to be such a fan, for one I am not, although owning their devices. Overpriced products, some botched updates (yes, most companies screw up more than once, but that's not an excuse), not really caring that much for customers (cases oficially usable under water were only included in Hero 3, which is roughly +-5th generation, till then they were just waterproof & completely out of focus). Image quality is a joke compared to recent cell phones. Price wise their top model is ridiculously expensive, without delivering anything special (ie better picture quality). Battery life is bad, and no sign of improvement (apart from PR talk every single release). THis is exactly the type of device needing long battery life, since it's often in environments where switching battery is impossible/very hard, and often being exposed to cold. They are chasing 4K video and ridiculous frame rates, but picture quality was never paramount (problem is, competition is worse). This is niche interest, most people don't need nor want 1080p / 120 fps. For nice slow-mo movies, you need anyway much higher framerate (at least 240 fps). They have good marketing, no doubts. As for products, not so much. I repeatedly end up with sundown images/videos being one ugly orange-oversaturated mess, that cannot be fully corrected in post processing (and why the hell should I? Even my 4 year old phone can cope with it automatically). I was recently considering whether to go for top of the line GoPro or buy small but good camera. Usages - underwater, climbing & mountaineering side camera. GoPro lost on all but small form factor, and I bought Canon S110 with underwater housing. It costed me same, picture quality is completely differetn level, and form factor is sometimes actually better with Canon. If you look around, there is quite a lot of people disappointed in them. But as I said, they have good marketing. oh boy, you sure have an issue with what hobbies people choose :) why don't you have an issue with people going bowling & drinking beer on saturday night, just to pick an example out of gazillions more? this one has more outcome than just joy of participants, everybody here except you accepts it and is happy about that... just sad trolling around? No matter how sad the thing is, she cannot be really helped that much. I mean, a decent psychoanalyst might deconstruct her to pieces and put back together (same goes for psychedelics but probably with bad results), but very few people go that way, and even fewer are actually helped. People like these are all around us, that's the really scary part for me. Some are quite obvious, some nto so much. Behaviour is same - playing victim, overreactions, their own twisted version of reality where they are right and everybody else isn't, some sort of attention whoring might be present too (some sad personal experiences here). Have no doubt - I feel sorry for her. This shows how important is to have this happy careless childhood - investment that cashes back for the rest of our lives (I humbly think I am one of those, for which I am eternally thankful to my parents). Just as everybody else suggests - keep your distance from such people, or it might bite back. Judging from my personal viewpoints and experiences (aka the usual YMMV), from those few feminists I know, most fall +- into this category. Much less narcisstic/sociopatic, but same breed. What I mean by this - looking very hard for any case of man/woman disparity in our society, ignoring that some professions are just better for men (and some for women, and others are +-equal). What is interesting is their lack of objectiveness - they will discuss and shame for long time situation in their current/previous work, how horrible is the situation in their western country, yet they are almost oblivious to horrible treatment of women that happens region-wide half around the globe (ie "yeah it's horrible how women can't drive in saudi arabia, BUT! that last job i had, one guy told me I women are happier when they bring up kids back home and not doing career! How horrible is that! How did he dare!" - roughly real conversations I had :)) Or - all is bad because of men. But rather don't look at the mess in their lives. I wish I finally meet some easy-to-communicate feminist girl, who is actually trying to change things in this world for women for better. I really wish so... but right now they are just a joke, to me & to my girlfriend. Maybe best feminist women are those who don't run around shouting how much feminist they are, but instead they let results of their efforts speak for themselves. Did I tell you I really wish to meet such a person? extra virgin olive oil, or good balsamic vinegar is great addition to any +- raw food... in fact, especially oil helps digestion of vitamins soluble only in fats. simple advice - stay away from that chemical cr*p Yeah stroke me too as very US centric view. From european view it's more about Belgium & Switzerland (for me personally Suisse, which has better chocolate, Belgium rules in pralines) download torrent now, buy later (ideally voting with your wallet by choosing another seller) nobody wants this war? are you kidding sir? there is a lot to earn on every single war, these one being no exception. All companies manufacturing weapons, ammunition, subcontractors etc. Stop wars, they are out of job. Is it utterly immoral? But yes of course. Is it clear to most people outside of US? Not much doubt there. Is this going to happen again? You bet it will. Why? Just because US can. There was not so long ago perception that US is the world police, the good guys. Well, these days, you guys are working hard to convince all the rest that China might be more suitable for this task. Is it really hard to see how much evil is US creating in our tiny world? Did it at least once to people like you occurred, that you really, REALLY cannot well justify waging war half across the world, for laughable reasons? yes, US is less bad than ISIS. Still far from being good guys though "Caldwell, who is probably the world’s greatest free-climber" 2 names: Adam Ondra, Chris Sharma 1 level: 9b+ (or 5.15c for US) while cycling (ie to work) on roads with cars, you are in full control of all dangerous elements... ooh wait who are you to say for others what they should do or shouldn't with their life? here we are talking about elite athlete, olympic winner-level, with his greatest asset being total control of his mind (on a level that can be probably envied by quite a few gold-medal owners). On personal level, he is also super-cool guy, humble, a bit shy. I have the impression that most so-called haters didn't even try rock (or any other) climbing. The ways you need to overcome your own fear (and it's strongest of them all - fear of immediate death). I never did solo and I don't see a reason for me, but even with ropes, climbing is very special activity, beyond usual sports based solely on your strength & endurance levels. I would even say it makes me a slightly better person, more experienced with myself - how I react in panic mode, how to overcome my imminent fears and just push forward when needed. Isn't this enough at least respect other peoples activities? He doesn't want any money from you, or anything else. In fact, leave him be and he will be the happiest. Let us, sport & climbing fans pay indirectly him a bit so he can do what others can only dream of / admire from distance. Don't you see pure love in him for what he does? Something that I really don't see in hugely overpaid football/hockey/basketball/whatever mainstream sportsmen these days. one of the first things I disable on new android phone (well, i have my second :)) nah, I presume like in everything else, one should strive for quality, not quantity. this being highly subjective, one does not want to be one of those people desperate to talk at all costs, just to avoid moments of silence. people write here about being good listener, and encourage your counterparts to talk about them. this might be OK if you are trying at all costs to be liked by somebody else (ie find new friend). otherwise, be yourself, find interesting people that share your view with. and don't be desperate, worthy friendships take time to build, and are not meant to be had with everybody out there it's more a matter of principle, whether you play along the con game like rest, or not. and no, diamonds are not expression of love, will not make marriage stronger, last longer, don't bring anything close to real happiness etc. "There's a reason why the financial industry has to pay the highest salaries. It's surely not out of generosity." They are one of few who can afford to pay higher, and give all kinds of perks. Everybody wants the best of breed to work for them, don't we? On the other side, while searching for a job, the lure of neat cashflow is a strong persuator for many. Plus there is plenty of pretty clever people in banking crowd (maybe some of them don't use their talent to max or in a way they would find fulfilling, but that's another topic). success doesn't come on its own, one needs to put some aimed effort into it, or rely on luck. I can say exactly the same about me, sometimes feeling like the biggest idiot around, with serious brain damage (really, not joking). But then I realize that I managed when working 100% to increase my paycheck 20x compared to my first Java 100% job right after school, doing roughly same job (it's a long story). Many kids being brighter than me, they now have "meh" jobs at best. For success, initial talent is just one of many properties. Anyway, what we should strive for is happiness, with oneself, with job, people and world around us. Rest are just details. that's what happens with long-term monopoly. although I don't use taxis at all, I grow more sympathies every time somebody fights them too. They're disruptive force, good for customers, bad for those unionized drivers afraid of competition. we as potential customers can only gain in more competitive environment. Track times are irrelevant achievement for 99% of people here (or anywhere), general handling performance not so much. Not only makes it driving experience much more pleasure, it also increases safety (in those crazy split-second-maneuvers situations which might end up in car crash if things go wrong). It also increases general stability of vehicle, and so on. My personal opinion - this is clearly future. I am glad for early adopters, to support this trend and this particular "disruptive" company, to benefits of us all and our kids. Present - not so much for me. I run 10 year old 3-litre diesel bmw 3-series, which was dirt cheap few years ago, and costs me nearly nothing to run (oil & xenon light bulbs change). Various state and insurance fees are most of expenses. These cars cannot compete on this segment (higher-middle class sedans), not in fun factor (ie that handling), not in price, not in reach - living in europe, I go quite frequently to road trips of several thousand kms... good luck with charging car along in present europe. It happened to me a few times I almost ran out of gas on remote german highways! So far, it's luxury city car for me, with vast future potential. As for why I should need a luxury city car, I have no clue... I heard this from Musk before, on first sight it makes sense. BUT - most current failures in cars are not components that are around for 100 years - these are usually fine if regular service is done. What fails miserably in new cars are all kinds of tech gimmicks that improve significantly with every new generation. The only exception might be turbo charged petrol engines, but they are around for a while too. but then you don't go for tesla for proper fun drive, do you ;) this is very subjective, but I do find it pleasant, given good car (ie bmw in my case). Even for a full day, but that's obviously tiring a bit. It might come down to personality type - i am not an easy to get bored one, which i consider very helpful in daily matters pssst... don't scare the crowd in their comfortable zone :) Similar here, currently living most of the time alone (gf's work is temporarily 200 km away), and the "chores", shrink to 30mins/week cleaning of appartment (max), spending maybe 10 mins/week cleaning dishes, and doing laundry takes away another 10 per week. Shopping? Extra 30-60 mins/week. I would even go further and say these activities are necessary for some sort of mental balance (for lack of better words). What I mean - life isn't always about nice & easy experiences. One needs a bit of fortitude, resillience when you are facing with some "have-to-be-done" mundane or hard task to just move forward. Be it professional, be it in parenting, be it in adventures. When I look around me, I see a lot of successful, bright people that are incredibly spoiled in interesting way - any at least a bit boring activity appears on horizon, they are going nuts. Well, however hard you try, you cannot avoid these things in life, so better be okay when dealing with those. I dont' want to sound extreme, some things can be done online easily and save a lot of time (managing bank accounts vs visiting local branch), just that some middle path by taking best of both worlds/approaches seems better to me. The situations in article seem on extreme end of scale (even within such a bubble as SF seems to be). So, for that delivery guy, living in similar appartment building sounds like a dream. For me, I wouldn't call it nightmare, but definitely a bit sad life I wouldn't like to live. I am sorry to say but you're so wrong... human interaction is not only accoustic and touch-based, but also visual, which takes most of sensory signal feed to brain (correct me if I am wrong here). If you shun away from human interaction, that's fine. But be honest to yourself and don't say few clicks/strokes of keyboard are similar to having a decent talk with anybody. Heck, even video conf call is miles away from real world experience. I am an introvert myself, but this is simply not true. that couple situation, whether imaginery or not, seemed almost desperate - she comes home at 9, he at 1 am. This might work for years (it would be a sad story if they had kids in this regime though), until something changes and they end up having more time for each other. Who they discover living with might be pleasant or nasty surprise... This might be just me, but being in relationship is always a strong bond for me, that works only if both parties have similar attitude towards each other and can actually be present in the relationship. it's not cool... seeing its parents so rarely, they wouldn't be exactly a role model parents for their kids. could be much worse, or course, but having kids is arguably the most important thing in lives of many people, so if doing it, let's do it properly and raise (at least try hard, i mean HARD) a confident, balanced issue-free happy people. i've got the feeling this planet & mankind needs more of those compared to uber-competitive self-centered workoholics. I am an itnrovert, but believe me, what this article describes (albeit maybe a bit overblown) is a sad story even from my perspective. Introvert != being inside surrounded by 4 walls. In fact, for people like me, being in nature & mountains, alone or with friends, has amazing mental soothing effects there is a nice, wide middle path you know. outsourcing something I cannot do properly/safely/takes me a lot of time and I don't want to go through learning curve - that's OK. outsourcing something that i can do in couple of (tens of) minutes - that's being lazy. no way around it. yes and no... climate change is not about having +2 degrees globally, we can handle that easily even if sea rises significantly. Not even about extinction of a lot of species, which will trash some foodchains around the world. It's more about longer perspective - some effects are cascading, and in longer uncontroleld run, we might end up with pretty much inhabitable planet (at least for mankind). Life itself will handle this easily, mass extinctions happened many times in the past for various reasons, mankind in its current level of evolution would be probably over. that's very minor (albeit quite vocal) part of the job market. Most of developers worldwide work on specific projects, with specific goals, budgeting etc. Those who pay want stuff delivered and routinely frown upon too-creative approaches. Having women/minorities on the team? Of course! If they bring expected skillset on the table, good. If they bring anything else on top of it, it's a nice little addition. But hiring just for the sake of filling some imaginary quota some confused people have in their heads is a bit ridiculous. Want to change it? Start at the point when young people decide which school to pursue, rest will follow same story here, the more i got into sports and outdoor activities (climbing, mountaineering), less geeky i am, and looking back, no way i'm going back. heck, i don't even check email while travelling, at least not more than once a week. life is just so much more interesting outside pixelated areas, at least for me :) many more people work to live rather than opposite, but they're not as vocal on HN as the other part few incorrect assumptions. almost none ridiculously rich (and here we can differ what it means) got there by simply putting in few extra hours. People that stuck in jobs and doing extra hours actually ended up paid less than me in long run, sometimes the difference is massive. I've met a few rich ones, dated one, and simply put, there is nothing in their life I envy, and I wouldn't change for their life no matter what (rich in millions/tens of millions of usd). There are only few really important things in life, and only few things that make people really happy (no, new phone ain't one of those). When comparing how they spend vacation, I end up with much more creative, adventurous and full experiences. When comparing how to spend free time, similar results (but here it's also about personal preferences). I'm not advocating money-less world, but most of us here have/can have enough to cover all we really need. If you see a long term happy person, money ain't the primary reason he is where he is. why does everything need to be black or white? development is nice, has creative heureka parts that few other jobs have, but it's just a freaking job, nothing more! life has so many more interesting things to offer (travelling, adventures, family, friend, you name it), that it would be shame to miss on them (and later regret, like so many work-wise successful people do when old). I am (still) quite surprised how many otherwise grown up and fully mature people have internal fears that drive their lives so much. Issues from childhood (pushy parents, school bullies, etc) or from growing up can leave strong scars. Heck, even I am not 100% scratch-free, albeit apparently much better than many peers. Many people are chasing careers although extra cash doesn't really makes any impact in their lives, and they lose a lot by earning them (fun at work, extra pressure/time from more senior positions). By all means, if that's something that you enjoy doing, go for it! But money is probably the last thing to consider I predict this might give me a lot of hate, but these people coming back is the worst possible outcome for (not only german) society. I don't believe for a second that at least most of them are not properly unbalanced (or worse) and will do no good to society for rest of their lives. I cannot imagine myself doing something like that, and I was no angel when teen. You can see in all media how war looks like there, so they cannot say they simply didn't know. They wanted war, let them have it all the way to the bottom with all the (percieved) glory of death. They had chance offered to become members of society they were living in, and they refused. Okay, we should respect that choice, but with all consequences. Younger age is no excuse for such mistakes. now sir, you got this one wrong. for intellectually based people (let's assume most college people are), dating with somebody you don't have that much to say is meaningless and frustrating experience. same goes for (most) guys too. briliantly put in many ways... one could possibly say an analogy for Iraq - some friend of a friend of a friend overheard something noone else believed - that a guy (let's say convicted felon who served his sentence) in next town has a gun in his basement. no idea why, but imagine you feel the urge to dispose of this "threat", maybe because you're a military nutjob, or anything else. it doesn't matter that many guys in his neighbourhood have the same weapon, and many more. you try to rally your neighbours and friends to have a raid group. unsurprisingly, your german and french friends are against armed storming of someone else house based just on some overheard rumours ( ), rest is at least hesitant. you say something along "f k you pu ies" and storm the house with only friend you are left with - that british fella that you have so much in common with. Long story short, you kill the guy unarmed, don't find any weapon whatsoever and burn his house in the process to ashes. After that you refuse to move from his property, stating you need to keep that neighbourhood protected and invite other armed people to join you. Sorry if I missed some important stuff, and of course this describes only beginning, with all the current mess being result of these (probably intentional) mistakes. If anyone still thinks US is viewed anywhere as a good guy in this war, then NO - there are only bad guys. Personally, ISIS would still have to work hard to match all US-directly-caused civilian casualities in Iraq. It doesn't matter much if someone is beheaded, blown to pieces or machinegunned while going to work, does it... ( ) - that Bush speech in UN was really horrible, I recall it quite well, saying to myself - and they want to screw up another nation completely based on THAT??? Try rock climbing/mountaineering. Being in the wall few hundred meters above the ground, your mind doesn't care if there is securing rope tying you to last quickdraw or not. You will be scared. You will be bathing in adrenaline. You will have to muster all your courage to move forward, to climb higher, to reach the top. Again and again. You'll get all the excitement army guys get in deployment, without screwing you up and becoming permanent mental cripple. In fact, it will make you a better person in many many ways. Guaranteed. you're probably american, so you're forgiven for this ignorance, but europe consists of +-50 sovereign states. Even now with EU (that doesn't contain many states), declaring a war is always matter of a given nation. Apples to ants... (work) life is about priorities, and if he really wants to give back in this way, he can apparently delegate enough stuff to achieve it. Probably all politicians can, if they wanted... I wish more (all!) countries would have similar people put into places of real popwer in governments. don't expect all people to have same mindset as you, and don't even try that with your/their priorities. people live where they live, it can be great/miserable place on the paper, but real daily life can be vastly different Java's strength is not the power of the language, and nobody ever claimed so. They improve it bit by bit, but that's all. You want to use uber-cool features? Try Scala or any of the gazillions other languages/platforms JVM fully supports. (personal anecdote - as senior java guy with 10+ years of experience, I've got recently assigned a small project of amending legacy MFC C++ (but mostly C) app - I could write a book about the pain. Language itself is a minor obstacle in this effort (albeit MFC/WinAPI has very steep learning curve for me). Where Java wins, and will win for many years to come is maturity of toolset, quality of open source libraries and also probably the most important thing - the amount of skilled developers any employer can pick from. .NET platform will probably get (finally) on track, but it's an uphill battle against Oracle's current position. But I like the situation - improvement in MS camp will force competition to improve as well, so we all benefit :) he didn't write anything about overeating nor competing with artists. For me, message is clear - enjoy good food (quality over quantity), and enjoy arts - even seeing/reading/watching them gives many people including me a pleasant experience (a good step towards happiness) and there lies their fallacy - sooner or later they'll reach a hill they cannot climb/run out of time/any other reason. Truly ambitious people I've met, on the outside, from the distance seem like ideal human beings - achieving a lot, always moving forward. When I became to know them more, pattern was same - they will never be as happy as I am right now, was yesterday, will probably be tomorrow and so on. For them, life is never-ending race, at the finish line of one goal run for next one already begun. Somebody to run my country/company/whatever? Probably very good choice. Do I want this never-ending mental treadmill? Hell NO! :) one personal advice - if you really, I mean really want to know yourself better, try psychedelics. What you will experience/learn cannot be foretold nor described by simple words, but it's a ultimate experience that no other approach to life can bring upon you (says somebody who backpacked in india/nepal for half a year, what an amazing time it was :)) in 1st world countries, I would like this to be explained too, especially people drinking at their homes true, but... if so many developers end up having issues on not-trivial-hello-world-employee-customer example, then maybe, but just maybe it's not the best tool for most. I mean, it's around for ages, the principle didn't change a bit, and same issues again and again. One thing that I don't like about Hibernate - most projects evolve, for a very long time even after delivery. Messing with OR mappings (which most changes do) can include a lot of regression on performance side, much more than SQL (unless you do something horrible on DB level). Also, the more complex data model is (and often you don't choose how it's done), the less benefits you get from solutions like these. This is an issue of unskilled devs using ancient UI design approach, usually not even bothering with skinning it. Things like bitTorrent were done in Java (correct me if I'm wrong), and you have no clue which language they are done in when looking at UI. But this a bit of extra effort, and for intranet apps, nobody usually bothers. Another reason for oh-not-so-windows-look of UI is something microsoft finally begun discovering - that there are other platforms than Windows. Java UI works anywhere where you have working JRE, and if you've ever seen Linux's KDE/GNOME/XFCE etc. then you might realize it ain't easy to come up with a cross-section between them. You need to hack things with Wine or similar to have it +-++ work the other way around (ie MFC app -> anywhere but MS world, and even there it might be tricky with all dll hell). Majority of time being awake (ie roughly 50% of those 16 hours), 5 days a week, most weeks of year, say 52 - 7(vacations) - 1-2(sickness/accidents, and yes, they do happen). How you spend remaining time is entirely up to you. Me, for example, I've been through much more and grown quite a bit as a person in last 5 years (moved to different country), then in first 28 years of my life (33 now). Looking back, it feels like a lifetime and a bit more (weekends mostly in the mountains, either ski touring or hiking/climbing/etc), travelling around the world - recently 2 weeks in indonesia, etc). No, even those 5 years didn't fly by at all. I presume same dollar signs as some (anecdotal) lady who sued McDonald and won millions by burning her mouth with fresh coffee because it was... wait for it... hot. On a more serious note, most jobs have all kinds of biases. Army doesn't take older recruits, nor 50% of all recruits are not women/gay/whatever group is right now poplar to fight for. Or commodity traders - one of my ex-gf succeeded in this field, but the amount of macho sh*t she had to go through and still pops up almost daily is unbelievable. Also, some members of her current trading team, which are more on introvert side (yes, there are some traders like that) were asking their boss on private meetings how to handle a WOMAN as their colleague. Some are 50-something, and never worked with woman directly. She just ain't crybaby like these pathetic people and actually works hard to prove herself in such an environment. Very, very sad facts. But what can you expect of arrogant superpower which, in good old nazi-style stages an incident in Tonkin bay to start whole war, did regularly carpet bombardement of major cities (which automatically means blowing thousands of kids, women, elderly etc. to pieces along with some factories) and so on. Yes, I'm pissed off on US, how they do what they want around the world in name of money and more power, and even try to lie to the face of the rest of the world about its motives. I don't see much change with present... methods changed, results not so much (ie Iraq poisoning with depleted uranium from those cool A-10 shells and thousands of kids with borne deffects). It's very hard to have much sympathy with events like 9/11 where +-3000 people died, when here we are talking about millions. They only way I'll show my resent is try to NOT buy/use any US product, be it hardware spehere, or software. Of course, only when it actually makes sense and where proper non-US competition exists. In face of Snowden story, it should probably be agenda of many non-US companies nevertheless. ever been diving? feels pretty much as 3D as you would expect france a country with latin culture? not really.. Living in Switzerland, which is tiny country surrounded by EU countries (CH is not part of EU, its citizens had a public vote and decided cleverly to not join), my crappy operator Lebara charges me when going to France (+- 2km from my home or work) - 42 CHF (aka 40 euro) per single MB! Calls usually stick to the range of 2-4 euro/min, incoming also charged. SMS cost 0.8 euro. Pretty obvious I never used their data services abroad, but being offline when traveling is actually a big plus for me. (just to explain, it's one of very few pay-as-you-go operators @ Suisse, for people like me who don't use their smartphones that much and have offline maps for navigation) Would love to see some proper evidence for these claims. One can easily see that clever ladies tend to focus much more on long education/career, rather than jumping straight on babies-making bandwagon. Also, finding good partner to have kids with seems much harder for them (well, for clever guys sadly too). Considering most university level education ends when people are around +-23 (not even going into PhD ones), and then they just become fully autonomous and step in working treadmill (earn->spend->earn-> cycle), I would name culture/work/environment situation or pressure for that. Also generally, more clever people focus more on quality rather than quantity, and babies are no exception. Norm are 1-3 kids, not because women are not fertile anymore (unless climacterium is reached), rather time & resources are considered. Even this is very simplistic & dumbed down view on these matters. I read somewhere Mao screwed his nation pretty badly, topping some chart way above hitler and stalin (something around 60 million?) Hmm, I do agree with parent poster, happiness of one should not be derived from work at all costs. We all are not some copy paste robots. For most folks out there, job is just a job (talking about IT). Not horrible, not great all the time, somewhere in between with highlights and darker parts. Overall, when all + and - sum up, result will be + (if not, change jobs. very easy for most IT professions). There is great amount of space for creativity in any job, but also a lot of have-to-do-it stuff. Isn't it easier to accept this ballance in life and try to reach some perfect spot within it, rather than strive for problem-free or chores-free life? (anyway it would be boring as hell). At the end, we are all unique. Do what feels right for you, just accept that other out there might have very different goals and drives. I am quite (a lot) happy in my current spot in life and balance I achieved, but I know a few people that would not enjoy it as much. I presume it's the dumbed down HN interface that ignores formatting. Each sentence I write here is on new line. But unless there is empty line between them, they are put together in one monolithic block, which isn't very nice to read for many including me. A bug on HN side (or idiotic feature), circumvented in this way (I don't like the result either, something in between would be the best solution) Nicely written. Most of us are not in this league, and personally, I am so happy for that. Companies, and world probably too, needs some people like that. But it's a big fallacy to think everybody should be, act and work like that. This world already has enough unhappy people chasing careers that won't make them happy. What we need more of are balanced, happy and strong personalities (that can create stable and loving environment for their kids for example) to counter-balance these perceptions. One can be a great performer, not despite but exactly because he has a life apart from work. Seems to me like a failed management practices that hurt companies in long run. Raising a happy well-functioning family is freaking hard, I would say it's by far the hardest task one could endeavor on. I have big respect for every man who achieves that. What one has in CV is marginal and really unimportant compared to that. But I am far from stating everybody should have this drive. I think, you think... any CTO, or CEO/owner of a company won't as easily put so much at stake (and IT is crucial part of every major company of any type). MS has a long history of hating and subverting anything other than Windows, it's almost cartoonish when looking back. This might be just my experience (over 11 years, over +-10 companies) that noone takes MS servers seriously. Only exceptions are Active directory, Exchange and some special reasons where MS SQL server needs to be used (for whatever reasons). Never seen any bussiness-critical app apart from those mentioned running on anything except Linux or Unix. They're moving in right direction, but thy need to climb really big hill, which they built themselves. yes but there was no serious matured & backed competition Alcohol is drug like any other. I guess everybody seen some people get aggressive even on moderate alcohol high. Tobacco is probably the worst drug ever consumed by man, considering amount of death and suffering it causes... None of drugs are a blessing to mankind, but to consider A OK and even promote it, and destroy people's lives and promote drug cartels for B, where many times B is not more harmful then A is... stupid. And we as society want to evolve and get better, right? I'll give a bit different view - my self worth ain't derived much from my professional career. Sure, I am (a bit) successful, equal or more than most peers at university. Yeah, compared to my first full time dev job (same platform as now), my salary jumped 20x over the years. I've worked for energetics, insurance, army, telco, car manufacturer, local government, retail sales, banks, and more banks (perm & contractor too). So what? It's what I do outside of my work defines me much more. I am into travelling, adventures and mountain-based activities. All weekends possible I spend in alps trying not to kill myself, but not too hard. During week it's workouts in gym, interval runs, climbing indoors, biking etc. Not really marathon-style fit, but quite OK. When I meet somebody new, I ask 1 question about their work, and don't go deeper (unless it's super amazing, which in 99% is not). I do care who hey are as a person, what drives them and what they do in their free time, where they travelled etc. If they cannot talk about anything but work, I'll pass. One of benefits is (apart from feeling great, being happy with myself and so on) - remove my work (for whatever reason), and I am still happy. Add it, I'll try to find some new professional challenges, but won't break my back and remove personal life just to prove something to somebody (pre-release exceptions happen :)). But all in all, we are all unique mix, and each of us has to find his/her own way to these things. Want a different perspective? Take a backpack, and head for 2-4 weeks into some truly exotic destination that is without war, but also no 1st world coziness all over the place. Buy just return flight, and let things happen. If you have more time, spend more :) This article reflect things explored quite well in amazing BBC 5-piece documentary Earth: Power of the Planet just few years ago (I envy the guy for being narrator to this show, just see and you'll understand :)) First 4 episodes explore various elements on our planet, but last one is a true gem - it deals with uniqueness of Earth in universe - like Jupiter catching most dangerous asteroids/comets so earth gets just enough catastrophes and not too many, moon stabilizing our orbit (and adding tides which probably helped life to move from oceans), and so on. I love documents about nature, and BBC has produced consistently great ones, but this one stands above all... after seeing it, I do look at many things in nature in a different view. I would put this little gem as mandatory at school for all kids around the world, and you'll have a eco-friendly generation guaranteed. picking out one of many mentioned in documentary goes along these lines: moon is a remnant of young earth colliding with its twin planet, part of it was absorbed into earth (that's why we have so much iron & melted dynamic core, which btw generates strong magnetic shield protecting us from sun's solar winds). Rest formed moon over time, which is unusually big compared to its parent planet and unusually close (all those stabilizing influences + tides). If we haven't had moon, earth would be "wobbling" on its path around sun frequently, causing very frequent glacial ages. Necessary for life itself? Never said that. Stromatolites and similar single cell organism can survive about anything short of earth being consumed by black hole. Necessary for evolution of complex life and its explosion in variety that we see today, and more importantly our society? I personally do believe so. Just watch the document and then we can discuss. make alcohol illegal and you have a new gateway drug ...and we see results of this every day in news. "Follow the money" rule should be used all the time as default when trying to understand what the hell is going on in this world that's why I stopped buying anything that touched american hand/soil, if possible/reasonable. I like many individuals there, but the idea that even a cent would go to that orwellian system that is a net negative to mankind is a bit too much to handle what you call an adventure is by most muslims percieved as rape and genocide of their homelands. we don't have another world to move to, so we'll have to deal with all the c p US does (and Russia too, I don't see much difference in foregin policies and results nowadays). Have no doubt - legacy of this will be present for generations, and currently we might still not reached the peak of these atrocities. Just because you have some paranoid fuckups in your government doesn't mean you should give them all powers unchecked, right? Like all else in hierarchical structures, there should be some proper oversight and control, by unbiased authorities (well, it would be nice at least). Problem seems to be, these services run at free will, they feel above law and constitution, justifying just about everything with "terrorist threat" mantra. Politicians seems weak/corrupt so they don't stand for common citizen's rights. Somebody from Obama's government expressed frustration once how all these services/programs/activities run basically on autopilot, and nobody dares to cut their budget. Let's take a step back... does anybody truly believe current terrorism can shake foundations of any western society? I don't mean blowing hypothetical nukes in manhattan, but real things that happened. Planes falling, buildings collapsing, very sad events, but nothing major in civilization perspective. Our perception of these events is hugely disproportionate, based on our fears. Yet we are, step by step, losing our freedom like the alternative would be total annihilation and end of the world as we know it. Not even terrorist themselves want that. And they are not winning in any measurable way. It's natural for any ambitious organisational unit, with strong leader, to try to grab all power, influence etc that's available. Normal comapnies have strict boundaries how far the power can reach, so for example you won't find a single bank that is effectively run by it's head of IT, in fact in contrary (IT is a true backoffice, in the back of the back of the back of the rest). Just set the boundaries and enforce them with budget cuts threat. Now who will do that is the question :) Please describe how Putin made Russia rich. It's like saying Stalin won 2nd world war. If Russia is richer, it's DESPITE having Putin and his KGB komrades at steering wheel. 1968, Czechoslovakia. True, armed conflict would utterly devastate my homeland, but your statement is only partially true. And some form of devastation happened anyway, in mind of people living there. Results will be felt for generations. It's similar to people being afraid of flying, and in the same time don't mind hitting highway in crappy old car. Things blowing with people inside/around just works much better with our primary instincts. If you're clever enough, you can realize this and actively fight it, but you'll end up feeling alone and surrounded with bunch of idiots. No-win scenario. Mafia and unions have very close ties historically, not only in Leone's Once Upon a Time in America. As for topic generally, unions are like communism (also close ideologically): they may look nice on the paper, but in real world, usually the worst possible solution. I've only meet career-first scumbags in unions. Generally we in IT tend to stay away from politics and just do our job, which is exactly what unions are about. Plus, who is really trembling for his super-hard-to-get position? If I'll get fired/decide to leave, and I'll just pick from those recruiters spamming my inbox/linkedin periodically. Now if you didn't catch up with trends of last 20 years, you may need to worry a bit... Heard this before, sounds reasonable (for non-expert). In 40's mentality in Japan, emperor was a god, and common citizens didn't matter a bit in war efforts. They were burning alive (tens of) thousands by carpet bombings on all major cities (also having many buildings built with wood helped spread fires), and it didn't move opinions of ruling elite a bit. I would say atomic bombs were one of the many factors considered when finally giving up, but common US view of "hey we bombed them hard with our cool new toys, they cra ed their pants and gave up immediately" is not very accurate. here in Europe, we celebrate 8th of May ;) If by world you mean earth, and by destroying you mean something like splitting planet open, then I presume way more than current arsenal of usable nukes. Destruction of mankind would be relatively easy, we've become frail and our society severely depends on easily disruptible things like electricity. If you mean destruction of life itself, anything short of black hole/sun going supernova is not enough. there has been an attack - look how understaffed we are! we need more budget! and more control and surveillance! there has been no attack - look at how good we're doing our job of protecting you. but just to be sure, we need more surveillance. honestly, I am underwhelmed by android chrome, switched to mobile firefox (with adblock plus) and removed chrome icon. On desktops, I don't get the appeal of chrome at all... too resource-hungry for my taste. The more somebody thinks he know whats better for me than myself, and pushes stuff down my throat, the more I resist, regardless of added value. same for school, same for these things damn this sounds amazing! working 3 days a week for example, doing adventures & social life in rest (social life = family life). But first let me earn some dough for later... See, corporations are highly amoral entities. not entirely, but overall when all + and - add up, they don't care about doing good, only about making profit for shareholders. And in many/most cases, doing high profit while being nice and friendly and all this is much harder than using dirty tricks and breaking rules (moral/law/whatever). From my personal view as an employee of one corp, it all comes down how people are rewarded/motivated to get things done. If short term profit is the king, morals are not so much part of the equation, resulting in all kinds of mess. Exceptions do happen, but they are what they are - exceptions... it's interesting that in these eco-friendly and health-consious times, nobody here cares much about pouring boiling water over Aluminimum to get a decent coffee... last time I checked it's not the healthiest compound to work with. anything new in that topic? just guessing, but multinational corporations might be viewed by some as not very helpful to humanity in long run, since they are capitalistic structures created to earn money to owners in first place. Morals usually comes a bit further down in priorities ladder (not saying anything particular about Nestle, albeit I vaguely recall some interview with their CEO where he stated all water on earth should not be free, but paid by common people, to... corporations) yeah, for the most of the world (read - outside US, roughly 95% of mankind), 9/11 isn't anything significant - vast amounts of people die/are murdered all around the world, all the time, and very few really care. sad part is, and this is subjective but for me very visible pattern, the immediate seizure of this opportunity to radicalize/permanently install of fear into US population, pushing for surveillance policies, unjustified wars, mass killings of civilians for money&power equation (Iraq/Afghanistan, you can call it how you like it, I call it like this since it's pretty damn obvious). And american society swallowed this as a whole, without questions, even proudly. 14 years rewind, now look at current situation... Not contradicting per se, but this world ain't fair. From birth, even before, some have higher odds for survival, have better health, are more clever etc. In my point, there are 2 types of people for this perspective - "lazy" ones, that don't strive for better, avoid hard things. They don't plan much, and given a choice of hard(er) work from now, for couple of years, and only after that seeing improvement (ie higher salary), most won't do it. Which is OK, if they accept the whole package of matters (which is rarely the case, hence class envy leftist politicians so easily live from). And then you have opposite side. Of course world is not bipolar, but you get the picture. This is what I actually like about current world - in this respect, it's much more fair than ever before. By far not for everybody, but literally billions of people have chance to drive their own life, within some boundaries. Every single day, life gives us opportunities, sometimes obvious, sometimes not at all. Parents can (and do) "install" a lot of strength or weakness into their kids, but apart from truly abusive screwed up environments, once kids leave home, they are masters of their own fate. I've met people using not-so-ideal childhood as an excuse why they have screwed up life, but when looking closely, they consistently fail questions like "so why did you went binge drinking last night instead of learning a bit of that language/whatever"? Heck, even I am using my free time mostly only for leisure and fun, but I am happy and not complaining. brilliant. although one somehow expects this to some degree, it's nice to see it raw from former insider. what I find particularly destructive for me is not the part about physical and mental deprivation, but rather that "keep the impression" game, regardless of what kind of mess the real situation is. I don't believe that any sane non-split-personality person can keep his professional life and behaviors apart from rest of his/her life, in contrary. Stay there long enough, and you become this person. then you hear about people divorcing, because the other "changed so much in last 10-20 years". Would I exchange any amount of money to become less healthy, stressed out and worse person overall? LOL, that's a question that doesn't even need an answer... trying to impress a woman you want to actually spend more than one night with your wealth, or appearance of it, is just plain stupid. it will lure exactly the expected types - money grabbers who knows the word love only from some tv show. results of such "relationships" shouldn't be surprising > Women no longer pressured to marry young in order to survive, can focus on careers. And what great mothers this produces, with happy and balanced kids all around, right? Err, somehow, I fail to see many around me, but I am sure this is just local situation. Maybe you are happy just by pursuing career, but most have to find happiness elsewhere. The thing is, women don't really have such a big window as men when they are considered attractive for dating or starting a family. And then you have fertility issues sooner. The world ain't fair in this topic, but things are as they are. > Women empowered to leave abusive, philandering husbands. In current modern empowered world, there are as many bad wives as bad husbands (yes, anecdotal, but somehow real in my experience). Women don't tend to resort to physical violence, but there are other ways to behave badly in relationships. yeah, it would be nice, but then they can close their surveillance agencies for good. a bit of hyperbole but let me try here - most american don't give a damn about rest of the world, do they (now this assumption is begging to be proven wrong) c'mon, be fair, it's just defending the interests of those really influential in US (sadly, president doesn't seem to be part of that group). and we all know best defense is an attack, right? Pardon me to interrupt strive for greatness, but the world I live in is massively interconnected, and it's becoming more and more every day. Even if you try hard to avoid it, you have some impact, mixed with impact of other people. Yes, it might be local, and in some really unfortunate situations it might really eventually +-die, but let's focus a bit on average joe. The world I see does indeed need to improve a bit, on all possible levels. If you strive to improve mankind as a whole, or at least big parts of it, please go ahead and do your best. Just don't neglect that personal, "local" aspect as so many do these days (ie crappy parents raising even crappier kids). This world also needs happy, balanced and positive people, not only depressed, exhausted overachievers (or overaimers) I see so often around me. I tend to focus locally (friends, family, coworkers), and let the effects seep wider if possible, on their own. One example - 2 weekends ago, I took my girlfriend to Mont Blanc with guide, on skis, and on top, after gruelling march on skis, I surprised her proposed marriage. The reactions from people around, but also total internet strangers were overwhelming, quite a few wrote that in these (for them) depressing days, seeing this gave them positive energy and hope (for life, relationships, people around etc.). Did I change the world with it? Of course not, I am not the first nor the last guy that did it. Does this have some, maybe minor but positive impact on other people? Definitely yes. Enough drops in the pond can also have an effect. so rather than bearing the pain, you rather inflict one on closest ones? you realize there not much between (apart from everybody dying at once). you like an easy way out of things, don't you... true, but there are also very nice climbing locations in Calanques just off the Marseille city (among other). one of most beautiful places to do climbing i've seen so far (climbing white cliffs that don't heat so much with sun above/nearby dark turquoise waters beneath). there is few of us who have contacts managed in this way... this is what switzerland is doing, and it seem one of very few countries, who got the immigration right from the start, in long term. it's a tricky situation... there is more people trying to come here in europe than there is sustainable place (economically wise) to be absorbed into. we have quite a bit of an economical crisis going on here, which doesn't help. so basically masses march in, we have no job for them, meaning they don't contribute to our society, just consume. on the other side, they often come from horrible places, have to endure the travel with real chances of dying. that should tell you a bit how desperate they are. In ideal world, we should focus our resources on improving state of their home countries, so they don't have to run away in first place. In real world... since many screwed countries are results of US (CIA, military) meddling with their internals and failing spectacularly (or succeeding greatly, depending on what the real objectives were), I say forward a large portion of them there. After first 100.000, let's talk :) I wouldn't be surprised if many of them threw IDs away, so they can claim they are coming from war regions and seek asylum, instead of being just another part of economic migration (like many people from north Africa/middle east actively try). I don't blame them, if I would be so desperate, this would be a logical step. The big moral question that opinions differ so much on is: should we in Europe try to help all of them at all costs, even if millions will come? Personally, I wouldn't mind sharing my resources, if the person I share it with will respect rules I set and learn to speak the language I speak. If not, goodbye. Posts like these make me a bit sad, how far some people get detached from reality of this world as a whole. I would hate it since i am part of this industry, byt maybe we really need some dev crysis, meaning 50% of software engineers unemployed, salaries plunge say to construction engineers level. Those fortunate to keep the job would be glad to be creative with what they have and maybe, but just MAYBE these pathetic rants won't surface as much. As for you, simple advice - sort out your life, you know better than anybody else what you want, and you're the only one who can do it. it's quite easy, just that some decisions require sturdy balls, not moaning on internet forums :) sounds like picking-of-lesser-evil discussion to me, which is still a bit sad considering topic... what a world we got ourselves into! :) One of the reasons why i come to these forums are posts like this one. Thank you! I think to everybody in IT it's pretty clear that video game industry is full of exploitation and it's rather rule than exception. That's why very few stay in industry for long, the disappointment from daily reality is a bit too much. Especially when other variants of same work can be (almost) as much fun, and they treat you like human being actually, with perks and more time to actually live your life. that's one mighty movie. brought me to tears at the end in a very consistent way, quite a few times... The Audio part of audio-visual experience doesn't get neglected, but story itself is beautiful too. too bad not many studios have balls to release similar dark stories, most one can expect is darkly-themed, sugar-sweet ones. nice writing and all, but sir you have no first hand clue about corporations. not everybody is using new cool toys of the day as backbone of their whole company. For example i work at the bank, the whole core banking package is basically app build in pl/sql on top of oracle db. i like cool new technologies, but to even think they would run in next 20 years anything else than their super-cluster is funny and ridiculous, and... stupid. Some non-critical apps like HR, timesheets and whatnot? Sure, have it in SAP (why isn't anybody discussing this super massive pile of crap? compared to that, oracle's offerings are slick cool lean easy-to-use tiny gadgets). Or some MS/IBM solutions. Let's not forget quality support cost a fortune, and that quality part is more important than some numbers on budgeting spreadsheet. Bear in mind, these static part of IT budget are carved in stone, nobody is questioning them. is it more complicated? yes. is it completely mandatory for many types of bigger corps? but of course. not that the topics you mention are not important part of equation :) indeed, we are! now back to work... well, for a start, by list you gave you don't own a PC per se (albeit apple is just rebranded overpriced PC with their proprietary OS, from my humble point of view). or do you consider PS4 a PC? Your post doesn't make much sense to me... another example - fear of flying, fueled by flashy news articles. most probably and unfortunately, no. consequences can be felt in many places around the world. Yes, I mean those frikkin' wars they wage here & there. From what I see, correct me if I'm wrong, many people in US still believe those wars are justified, soldiers are defending their homeland (in foreign countries half across the globe that didn't attack US anyhow imaginable), killing just few bad guys (and not creating many more by behaving like that-heck, if they would be killing my family and friends back home because of nothing, it would be hard to resist temptation to strike back somehow). And I could go on and on, you know the drill. All this possible because of 9/11, relatively minor incident in terms of life loss/damage, but made look like Armageddon day by media. Not only, but mainly US residents scaremonged beyond belief my mass media (and I presume not many stood against it). Well, looking back, you were played damn well. Terrorist won by radicalizing you, all army-related companies won, and anybody who is on their payroll. It's so much easier to control somebody who has fear, since they are already in irrational place to begin with. I am 34, and I don't think I'll live long enough to see US to become again "land of the free". From west european perspective, it's a sad joke for a long time. The disadvantages of generic male (98% of my year) CS student at my uni back in 1999-2004 compared to even averagely-looking female student were real, apparent, and kind of accepted. Nobody was whining about it that those few girls had it easier on quite a few oral exams (written parts were logically more balanced). Girls dressed apropriately. What was a bit more infuriating, that hardest ever topic was advanced electric circuit calculus, toughest course we ever had, solely because of professor (even though I studied purely software engineering, this couldn't be avoided). This course went far beyond what was taught on Math courses itself btw. He disliked women ("they shouldn't be in engineering"), he disliked people with hungarian-sounding names, he disliked people with long hairs, heck the list of types he disliked would be long. He was the greatest filter in out faculty (end of second or third year at uni), throwing people out of school completely for literally lacking a single point (ie circle) above one variable in exam (didn't matter that in next line it was there). Seen it first hand. Nobody liked him, he was perfect example of somebody knowledgable but in the same time somebody who shouldn't be a teacher, ever. World isn't fair, never was, and never will be. Some things get sorted out, some new pop up as things change. So, who got killed? Ever considered just taking a long break (ie 2 hours), spend it wither with some intense physical training & cool down afterwards (ie on some lunch)? In this way, you might be able to keep creativity & concentration high in afternoon too. It might be just me, but I prefer whole days off compared to shorter more frequent work. Rason - I enjoy trips in nature, and all kinds of full-day or even full-weekend events (hiking, mountains, travel, whatever). The perfect situation for me would be 3 days off, 4 days work. The day I have to work, even for few hours, is already "taken" from me by work. you know, some of us DO hangout around lake geneva (or any other pretty place), have most of weekends done like there's no tomorrow (mountains, adventures, traveling etc. practically every weekend) and still manage to invest into whatever they prefer (right now selling flat in Prague, and considering one in Chamonix). That's my sweet spot in life right now. We'll see how long life will keep me in it, before throwing into something wild, as usual :) It's not irresponsible to spend money on traveling and adventures. You get back much more than nice time there and couple of photos and souvenirs - you are exposed to new environment, people, culture etc. and you'll grow inside in a subtle, yet steady way. On the other hand, usual "buying stuff you don't need to impress people you don't care about" is useless, and won't even bring any long term happiness. There are locations, and I live on one of them, where finding an accomodation, even with stable long term 150k USD/year single pet-less guy is a few month effort of chasing 100s of appartments, until one will work out. You are nto in position to actually pick anything. On this thread it's visible that people try to promote their own decisions in this topic (and we all have been into it deep down). Let me put mine - I took loan 8 years ago, in a different country, on a small appartment that when looking back, wasn't the best idea (but neither really bad). Mind you, it was in 2007 :) Surprisingly the price didn't drop below the one I paid, but the pressure to bring every month enough cash to make it through was... not nice. THe perspective to have similar setup for next 20 years was a bit sould-crushing though (it was 50m appartment, so nothing to raise your family in). But, this pressure forced me off my lazy but, I temporarily moved to another country to earn more and pay it off asap, realized that this country is SO much better than previous one (which wasn't my home anyway), so I decided to stay. 5 years forward, probably the best decision of my life (and there were heaps of people saying I should settle where I am instead of move). like this little country that got most of the things just right called Switzerland Guys, as an european, i despise a bit US approach you-cannot-get-anywhere-without-a-car (seriously, looking back at my stay in LA and Hollywood 10 years ago, many places didn't even have pedestrian access! Or if they had, approach time was 2-3x more compared to dangerous walking along the road... that's just plain wrong). That said... trains are expensive. No, EXPENSIVE. Swiss have probably best rail system in the world, with train stations being central point of most towns and villages. Buses are just complementary where putting up rail track would be ridiculous (hardcore mountain areas, desolate places with very few people living). But Suisse is small, and wealthy. Not sure about actual cash flow government -> SBB (rail company), but tickets are expensive like hell. Cost wise even for single person road costs same (albeit sometimes it's faster by car, depends), when more people come, car is much cheaper (and convenient). Never been to japan, so no clue how well known Shinkanzen are integrated with more local transport. Thanx to freaking unions for steady high prices, but not only them. When moving between densely populated areas, trains compete with planes, not cars (and planes are sometimes much cheaper, sometimes faster, sometimes not). If in future we'll get trains moving steadily over 500 km/h, that would be a proper time saving advantage over longer distances. Airports became such a time and energy drain, with ridiculous and annoying security measures that most probably doesn't work anyway, just hikes the price and takes time. Let's not forget fragility of rail network, any delay/accident can have massive cascading effect that stretches far across network, much more compared to cars and planes (well, here it's more complicated for those with connecting flights) a bit too informative post for my taste, but apparently you never know what you'll learn on HN :) Not commenting the content of article which was beaten to death dozens of times, but whole article appears to be an add by "Linkurious", name is mentioned 9 times in article, and it's also posted by them. Nice success story to show your customers, but label it as such, and not as some sort of investigative journalism like original topic was. well, movie (heck, all MM movies took place in Australia, which is anything but mountainous land. and it goes on - if rivers are poisoned, rain is some sort of hardcore acid pouring down. you actually want to avoid that as much as possible. so no, even for people that would be able to travel far, mountains might be a worse choice. plus, they are so deep into apocalypse, that they don't know geography beyond what they can reach by cars the guy has some interesting points (hard to say valid ones since we are all just guessing how future will shape up), but constant mentioning of minimal guaranteed income as cure-it-all-for-our-bright-future is a bit too much to swallow (mentality of quite a few nations i know is, hand out anything, and you remove the only motivation for them do do anything positive or even neutral to society) The last line of article says it all - Tom Streithorst has been a union member... - in my own personal experience, unions are plague, nothing to be proud of, but that's another topic altogether. This makes it automatically a left-wing-orientated article, which is OK by principle, but not in sync with my inner beliefs and all experiences in my whole life so far (and I've seen the world a bit here & there) I don't have problem with concept of minimal income, likewise i don't have so many issues with theory of communism. It's this harsh reality we call life when these utopias fail so spectacularly, because of... so many things. World is fragmented, people have so vastly different mentalities and goals in life (if at all), and I cannot imagine one realistic way to enforce this globally. I am more interested into iterations striving for improvement of our lives, rather than massively under-planned revolutions which might look appealing at first glance. And as for unions, another poster expressed it perfectly. The current political reality of them is pure shame, nothing I would ever, anywhere put into my signature as something to be proud of. So that tells you/me soemthign about author. Btw, why unions left for example doctors out of that 40-hour work week? Or you think that having over-exhausted expert, who hadn't slept for a day or two, decide on your best treatment for some acute life threatening state, when you take your own medications, have your own allergies and set of other important conditions to consider? I can confirm there are plenty of businesses running various systems on XP. It can get even worse, at work we STILL use XP 32 bit as primary workstations (at least Linux on all servers). I am a Java developer, so routinely I have over 3.5 GB of memory taken, on system that can access cca 3.2 GB max. And we're talking about virtualized remote machines, no real desktops (yes, it's crap). At least at the end of the year, Win7 64b coming. Main reason might not be XP as much as that plague called IE 6. Couple of important intranet apps run only on this. Migration underway, but this isn't apparently such a priority for our management. What backwardish 3rd world company I work for you ask? Well, one not really tiny private bank in Switzerland... I almost fully agree with you. But... when looking at broader spectrum (Unix+Linux), I was tasked recently with migration of some sort of legacy app suite from AIX to Linux. Part of this were Bash+Perl scripts for various document modifications for printing purposes. What a clusterf k those scripts were... I am (still) no expert, and Java developer on top, so working with these in vim/ultraedit was a bit nightmarish compared to what even basic Eclipse can offer you for debugging in Java. But the worst issues were bash comamnds that compared to AIX had a different syntax, and they for example ignored some parameters, or some params had different meaning... Bear in mind I was not in position to pick up which version of bash, perl etc gets installed where. maybe because support is gone unless you pay hefty sum, which might hike up in near future or be discontinued altogether? all software is broken in numerous ways, super complex things like OS even more yeah, and having real world socialism with vastly underperforming economy, forcing everybody to have a job, creating pointless jobs to to fill this criteria (and unleashing state terror on those who don't fit in). if you think i'm joking, unfortunately no. had lived in socialist country and i can still see the damage on people 20 years after we switched to democracy. people went to jail if they refused to work. if they spoke against the regime, things might got worse. economy-wise - our neighbor Austria after WWII borrowed from us money to rebuild itself. after 40 years of socialism, when curtain fell, they were light years and more ahead of us, in everything, thank you central planning. i felt like a poor beggar coming there first time. Sorry if my reaction offended anyone, i'm just too allergic of anything reeking of socialism. nothing beats first hand experience not that i completely disagree with your vision of future, there are many +- lovely fantasy projections out there. but let's get back from utopia to this harsh real world we live in. People like you always point to just things that are wrong with this system (and let's agree on this, there are plenty) and come up with star trekkish almost perfect world where all is nice and super cool, without thinking a bit (or at least sharing with rest of us), HOW THE HECK DO YOU WANT TO GET THERE? FROM HERE? I mean from this, current world, that is not only, but also thanx to US command-and-conquer approach burning, and that fire will hurt many of us for generations to come? Some iterative, realistic steps please, that could be voted through on various parts of this planet, by populations with vastly different mentality than yours (and mine). > I want them to have a check coming so they can educate themselves or just go consume things they need. How do you know that McDonald workers want just this and don't have higher aspirations? And btw I am not aware of any country that has McDonald franchise open that people are dying from hunger on streets, there are always options for survival. In many of those, people can reach practically all human knowledge with a tap on screen of a phone. What if they want a brand new ferrari and feel like they really need it? or "only" BMW? who will decide what is good or not? YOU?? Many doomsday stories here don't reflect fuildity of our existence - things really don't change overnight, more like over generation. politicians have a lot of power, and last time i checked they still got voted by humans. so for example why don't you consider this slight possibility, that when situation will come worse, something will change in our system and we won't continue same direction blindly? I for one have +- confidence that, with some oscilations, will move in proper direction, whatever that will be. this... if all those rules were followed, the workplace would be a very stimulating place to be! which is sadly not true for many, or not most of the time for almost all if you ask me (even if you don't), he has blood of hundreds on his hands. i wouldn't mind such people being executed, in some "human" way. i don't believe it serves much as deterrent for others, just simply permanent removal from our society, into which such persons bring only heaps of negative stuff... plenty of people on the planet and more coming every second, no need to cherish every a hole out there. rather put resources where they actually help unfortunately, in some way or other, his premises are true. more chaos it creates, the longer it all takes, the more cash extracted. take a look at afghanistan - there was never a critical mass of enough soldiers/equipment to swiftly win the war, conquer whole territory. just enough to appear winning, but not really (in reality, US lost the war, in similar way as soviets did). look what's happening with iraq - US is/will be coming back. oh gosh, what an unfortunate coincidence. is there still anybody out there convinced that iraq game was about protecting US citizens anyhow? I mean, look at the map, look 12 years back at politics, there was no threat, there is still no threat to US citizens back home. Just enough to piss off radical muslims, and radicalize rest. let's not forget we're talking about oil-richest region on the planet. yes, coincidence again... why are there so many lobbyists in Washington? i mean these people should be put in jail for treason yes but... as stated, current taxi drivers won't sweat a bit to actually improve their services, which are generally deemed as sub par to be polite. but they will go great lengths to hurt any sign of competition, even users who show interest in it. how much more rotten their behaviour must be for you to start caring about customers more than them? of course it's not black & white, but this industry is in grave need of disruption, and one is coming. i don't care about them any more than they do care about me, fair deal. good that you enjoy it, but this is about France, most socialistic country in western Europe with crippling national strikes all the time (not condemning, just observing since I am rarely affected). People there generally often have the perception that their own job security should be held above everybody's convenience, rights and so on (it's also heavily unionized, which kind of makes sense with whole picture of the country and mentality). It's just not a very competitive job market why not take significant portion of the country (ie those commuting daily by trains to work, school etc) as your hostages? how can they defend? pathetic cowardly behavior in my book... > ah yes, the usual "HFT is the best invetion since wheel and fire" mantra... again, same question - who cares? apart from some already super rich HTF guys. > "something somewhere going wrong" - um, this is practically constant situation for quite some time, in or out of markets. But don't let my relaxed monday mood disturb your doomsday freaking out :) > This article isn't exaggerated; it's there to highlight what's going on for the traders and brokers who aren't technologically advanced. traders and brokers who do actual trading and not HFT will not be affected directly by that (ie their books), it's more like a sidenote that "if you see some blip in feeds during that time, this might explain it" we will lose moon well before that, it's going further away every year (don't recall exact value, should be few cm per year) street wisdom (or they...) says that roughly 95% of charity/help donations go to management and delivery of those donations, and only 5% is spent on actual goods (be it medicine, blanket, food etc.) that help people. it seems a bit over-the top statement, but then you realize how massive organizations (or corporations?) like UN are, employing thousands and thousands of people in most expensive parts of the world (New York, Geneva... seriously WTF?). Here in Geneva, there are gazillions of non-profit orgs, then there are various organizations grouping those non profits and so on. Still talking about one of most expensive cities in the world. Yes, those people probably don't have private bank-levels of salary, but I know a people or two who are curently buying high-priced properties over the border in France, so they are more than OK. Friend in quite high position in Red cross hates UN with passion, stating they are useless in real crysis scenarios, just bureaucrats etc. Not sure if that's an objective statement, but there is probably at least some truth there. What I decided to do, at least for now - Amnesty International. Rather than putting bandage where bleeding, it might lead to improvement of system. And I pay directly organization of lawyers who actually try to do good stuff, not bureaucrats who travel all around the world and check some spreadsheets and do presentations. But what one poster says here is probably one of best things - directly invest into treating people, no useless middlemen who, like it or not, also need to be payed. scumbags like that with too much power and too little oversight, feeling righteous... if any of you are reading this, please do a properly good deed for this world, and either quit or shoot yourself (that's a honest request, unfortunately) Stabilize the world? are you effin' joking? the world out there is burning, and things are getting worse every day, mostly as a direct result of US meddling and power plays in given region. Not for a single second I consider US politicians stupid or unexperienced. Unjustified wars are waged with just enough people to not lose completely, but not enough to decisively win. this situation is well planned, and although i have no clue what their plans for future are, clearly they don't give a fraction of f k about some world stability. More like command & conquer approach. You americans shouldn't be that surprised that you meet a lot of friction and resistance whenever you go to "stabilize" the world huh, making beer from potato?? This can be a double edge sword. you enjoy your new responsibilities? good for you. not everybody wants to get more and more on their shoulders until the point of realizing that there ins't much time for that little thing called life. Also, most people who get promoted/raised around me end up working much more compared to raise they've been given. Personal experience - in every single work I've done (roughly 10 customers/employers, perm+consultant) in 3 different countries, there was/is always room to grab more responsibility, more tasks etc. State of IT usually just a variation of a term MESS, with some technical debt here and there, everywhere. You work harder, solve more, take more responsibility and your career progresses along (or you go to place where it does faster). But with this might also come 9-10 hours at work instead of 8 (plus lunch), company phone which is there just to remind you of the work when you're not in, maybe more weekends screwed up and so on. Even in otherwise very work/life balance oriented employers. Want another advice? When having a formal talk with your boss, tell him you want a raise, but you don't want it for free, rather bringing added value. Define clear terms what is expected from you to get there, fulfill them and watch the magic happen :) raise is a permanent bonus, on top of other bonuses actually called... bonus stick around for long enough, and you'll probably become critical. sad true is, most of these people don't have salaries as high as those jumping around frequently. but as long as they're OK with work, not much to complain about