Current job: front end developer for a well-known mapping product (no, not that one), although my contract ends in a month. Side projects: http://markdownnotes.com , and many, many others. I also write picture-rich articles about history: http://en.nicolasbouliane.com/blog/the-berlin-airlift You hit the nail on the head with LinkedIn. Those who actively browse it are not your target demographic. Some of them may care about the finished product, but you'd better save it all for the technically-inclined people. My biggest gripe with them is that lots of people can write code that gets the job done, but people who write maintainable code are much rarer. That sounds a lot like it. It seems impossible to get filthy rich in Canada and even less in Germany where I currently live. As a Canadian in Germany, you seen nuthin' The German tax ROI seems much better to me, but I miss my $575 Montreal rent. That's correct. You need the Meldebescheinigung (given during the Anmeldung) to open a bank account, and you need a bank account to find an apartment, and you need an apartment to do the Anmeldung (it requires a fixed address). It's pure madness. I actually run a blog documenting the (sometimes insane) German bureaucracy. It's not nearly as bad as people think, but things like getting an Ausländerbehörde (immigration office) appointment can be a real pain. Fortunately, it has improved a lot in the last 3 years. The Settle in Berlin article is completely outdated. http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/berlin-auslanderbehorde-sam... There's already such a thing. Local subreddits, Facebook groups, GitHub issues etc. They all have their regulars. I'm fairly involved in my community with http://allaboutberlin.com/ , and I've made a few IRL friends just writing for that website. It's still possible: http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ When I made All About Berlin, it was just HTML and CSS. Nothing complex there. I eventually added Disqus and Google Analytics, but it's still possible to build simple websites. > The set of all sets in a space, X, is called the power set, P(X). The power set is massive and, even if the space X is well-behaved, the corresponding power set can often contain some less mathematically savory elements. Consequently when dealing with sets we often want to consider a restriction of the power set that removes unwanted sets. I wish people could teach math in plain English. I don't know why the math and physics world refuses to write for the reader. I took this class before, and I still don't know what the author means by "less mathematically savory elements". Here's you explain things to humans: > There is a set called the power set that contains all the sets in a space. This set is huge, and it contains [less mathematically savory elements]. This is why we usually use a restricted version that removes the unwanted sets. Seriously, there's no point to this sort of fancy language. Math is already hard. No need to make it harder. It's based on my comprehension of his paragraph There is a set. It's called the power set. It contains all the sets in a space. The Fragebogen zur steuerlichen Erfassung. Every freelancer and small business owner in Germany has to fill it. It's long, it's complicated, and it's full of things that are hard to understand. I wrote a guide on how to fill it ( http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/fragebogen-zur-steuerlichen... ), but I wish there was an easier way to fill it. I live in Berlin too, and I do that a lot. I put my phone in my pocket, take random directions until I get loss, then slowly find my way back. I discovered a lot of things that way, and learned to orient myself in the city. I also saw lots of nice little gems that go unnoticed if you are not paying attention. A useful one for Berlin: trains usually drive on the right, so you know which way a station is by looking at the train signs. I can't speak for you, but I only heard about GDPR 6 months or so ago, like most people outside of Hacker News. Most small businesses only heard about it in the last 6 weeks. Sure, the regulation was there, but nobody talked about it, and it's unreasonable to expect people to magically learn about EU regulations, especially if they don't live in the EU. > I've done full compliance for six companies and it cost less than £250 each What about your salary? There are legitimate reasons to need to know how your website is being used. Submission statement: I compiled this guide over the last two months, covering all the little laws I needed to follow to make my website compliant. Since the GDPR regulation is full of little holes, I tried to refer as much as possible to other sources. I am aware that some things are missing. Online merchants have to follow quite a few more rules, but I'm not qualified to explain these. That's what Toyota did for a while. They recycled existing technology to make their little engines better and faster, instead of developing new engines at a much higher cost. On the other hand, there is little incentive to spend a billion dollars developing a one dollar product if it gets copied by everyone else. It can incentivize stagnation. What if the discovery process is risky and expensive? Protecting the idea is what pays the investors back. This also reads like opinion dressed as fact This is good, because that process now becomes the API's problem and not yours. Their tests cover it, not yours, and it makes your work simpler. I've always made my own themes, and even those can be fairly slow without the standard caching plugins. Optimizing Craft CMS sites was a breeze by comparison. Nobody pays for content. Let's stop pretending it's a usable business model. Even paywalls are hated by most, and banned by some communities. If you block ads, they'll simply make the content an ad. If restaurants offered meals for free, people wouldn't complain about the ads on the menu. No restaurant offers free meals though. Should we start charging for everything we see online? Isn't this premise flawed though? I'd assume that even low-calorie plants are still way ahead of your average cow in terms of environmental impact. You have omitted methane emissions from that calculation, even though their impact is significant. You also ignored that plants produce oxygen instead of consuming it. I recently started reducing my meat consumption, and I was surprised by how many people are doing the same without making a big deal out of it. That is the sort of change that sticks. While I think millennials (that's like 30 years worth of people) do this, I don't think that's the only reason they travel, just an added perk. It reminds me of "reduce, reuse, recycle, in that order". It's better to reduce resource consumption than to reduce its impact. Truth be told, I love big hero images amd especially videos. However, they're the largest performance problem on my otherwise text-based website, and they're purely aesthetic. This becomes especially apparent when you're in a country with a different language and alphabet (Greek, Cyrillic, Chinese, etc). Even if the device successfully pronounces it, you can't look for it on street signs. This is fine for turn by turn navigation though. All that text would just be a distraction when you're driving or riding. Right? Pure content. I'm saving it as inspiration. Yes! I performed a major refactor that lasted about 6 months. With the commit history (that linked to tickets with discussions and even mockups), I could understand the process of people who had left the company two or three years ago. It allowed me to tell obscure business logic from leftover code and bugs. I could trace each line of code to its requirement. I also used it to pinpoint the cause of a bug after updating a docker image, knowing that the bug was introduced in a certain file between certain dates. Now I try to strictly enforce detailed tickets and ticket numbers in commit messages. I write guides for people who do not speak English fluently. I keep my sentences short, I use simple words, and I use the Oxford comma. It helps a lot. I moved to Germany when I didn't speak German. The government uses complex language to talk to people who don't speak German. It made me angry, and I wanted to do better. In my opinion, sentences that start with the condition are easier to read. You already know if they are relevant to you. For example, "If you meet condition A, you must do B" is easier to parde than "You must do B if you meet condition A". I also avoid idioms. They are fun, but they are hard to understand. I have many other tricks, but your two tricks are the most important. It helps. There is a place and a time for clever language. You don't have to make complex topics more complicated with language. If you are a government service, you will serve people who are not native speakers. I help. I run a website that helps people figure out life in Berlin in Germany. It covers important topics in plain language. These days I maintain an overview of the Coronavirus situation in Berlin, and spread correct information in various communities. The government is doing a poor job at propagating information, and most sources are only in German. Save a few surprisingly hostile people, the response has been very positive. It feels good to be helpful, even if it's only for a few hundred people. Now (or in the next few months) might be a good moment to enter the stock market, while all stocks are down. I don't think it's easy (nor ethical) to monetise the crisis directly, but some forms of income are resilient to it. Some products and services are needed at all times, and you can earn a commission for promoting those. For instance, people still go through my website to understand various aspects of German bureaucracy. They open bank accounts, get health insurance, get liability insurance and so on. They get help free help, and I get paid to provide it. It's a nice business model. Many freelancers have lost their income because of the pandemic. I plan to write a comprehensive overview of their options. It might lead some of them to get things they genuinely need: disability insurance, private pensions and so on. This benefits both my readers and me. Software development is also largely unaffected by this crisis (although the companies that employ them are). I wanted to finish this contract in May and ride into the sunset on my motorcycle, but with Europe shutting down, I'll keep working for as long as I'm needed. I also use the shutdown to save money. I have nowhere to spend it anyway. I don't commute anymore, so I always eat at home. I use the 2 hours a day I just saved to work on my motorcycle. It's much cheaper than paying someone else to do it. I don't spend much time covering the virus itself. My main concern is to keep people updated about closures, financial support and other things that directly affect them. It occasionally freezes. I occasionally touch the buttons by accident. Mine is missing the physical escape key. The problem as I understand it is that those large companies hire thousands of skilled workers, and are often the only source of employment in some regions. If they go under, they bring a significant segment of the population with them. I maintain a clear overview of the Coronavirus situation in Berlin ( https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/coronavirus ). Right now, I'm a bit overwhelmed and I could really use some help. - I need help with collecting and summarising the daily updates - I would like to add more information about backup plans for employees and freelancers (this will become its own guide) - I would like to compile a list of ways people like you can help. Feel free to get in touch (see the Impressum page). I'll take as much help as I can get, but I have zero demands. RTFM is necessary because asking a question is cheaper than answering it. People ask a lot of questions they could trivially answer themselves, at the detriment of the community. I moderate a community for a European capital. Without an RTFM policy, we'd spend our days retyping the same answers you could find with a Google search: what to do on a trip there, where to print documents, how to pay a public transit fine etc. That's a point that keeps coming back in minimalist and travel communities. People brag about how little they own, and it looks perfect until you ask about the logistics of it. You quickly find out that their minimalist existence is often propped by cheap third-world labour, or by a complete lack of financial planning. They don't own any of the tooks they need to fend for themselves. In a sense, their lifestyle is only possible as other people are there to support it. Someone else has to provide the tools, and usually the expertise. Any labour you pay is paid with your post-tax income, with sales tax on top. You'd need to work two hours to buy an hour of your own labour. You usually get paid for a fixed number of hours, so the time you save by hiring an expert can't be spent at work paying for it. There's usually some overhead involved too: finding labour, scheduling appointments, bringing your car to the dealership etc. Doing your own oil change takes less time than driving to the garage. You don't have to do everything on your own, but I'd save the experts for the important challenges. You're right. In the end, it comes down to picking your battles. There's no hard rule for which battles are worth it. I do my own motorcycle repairs, because I sometimes stray far from the nearest mechanic, and field repairs can be necessary. I also cook a lot, because I have to eat every day and restaurants are expensive. However, I paid someone to rebuild my forks, and I buy pre-made pie shells. Those things are not worth doing myself. My father rebuilds engines in his garage, but won't change the oil on a slush-covered car. He'll pay someone else to do it. I guess it depends on how pleasant the job is to you, how often you need it done, and how much it costs to get it done relative to your own salary. It's a contentious debate. Minimalism is a large umbrella. Some people are aiming to fit everything in a backpack, and others are just trying to watch their consumption. Currently, I use Microsoft ToDo for lists, Google Keep for text notes, and occasionally [Markdown Notes]( http://markdownnotes.com/ ). I've been toying with the idea of rolling my own option for years now. These apps are fairly simple, and being able to manipulate and combine the data as I see fit would be really useful. However, I also need to access my todo list and notes from anywhere, on or offline, across multiple platforms. Dict.cc is excellent for that, if you're translating between German and English. Linguee can also be really good. Many problems lack a Designated Person Who Cares. Everyone has something to do, a task to accomplish. There's never someone whose job is to improve the codebase and the tooling, even when it can benefit the team. I don't think I would quit a company over a more stringent linter. To me, this is the same attitude that leads to safety hazards in other industries. "I don't need safety measures because -I- am not an idiot". Even the smartest developers make dumb mistakes. If you can eliminate some of those early with minimal friction, it's worth it. The earlier you catch a mistake, the cheaper it is. Linter rules are less of a hassle than bugs in production. I'm not sure if that's really true. Club Mate and Fritz Cola are common in Germany, but not so much elsewhere. I document the bureaucratic hurdles I go through, in plain English. It's a collection of everything I wish I knew when I moved to Germany. https://allaboutberlin.com/ I also run a smaller blog where I put solutions to obscure tech problems I ran into. http://wisercoder.com/ This is especially prevalent for simple questions that would normally have simple answers. I'd like to know when to water my mint plant without reading about the whole history of mint. The gadgets listed in the article were meant to have a short shelf life. Though a few still survive, it was never intended. On the other hand, my more generic gadgets simply never die. My projector, my Bluetooth speaker, my headphones... they all do exactly what I bought them for. There might come a time when that's not enough, but that will be decided on my own terms. It won't be because of a dead server or a useless battery life. As you say, tools last a lot longer, because they were designed to fulfill a simple role without any bells and whistles. This is why I don't like the trend of pairing long-lasting tools to short-lived tech. A car or a watch will last a really long time. USB-C and Android 9.0 won't. This article takes many random jabs at various groups. I really don't understand why the author needed to force a men vs women angle into this article. It feels out of place. I also don't like the assumption that only the wealthy benefit from a functioning economy. The "let some people die to save the economy" stance is far from a wealthy people perspective. I heard it from many working class people who are worried about their dependents. The government already has its hand in the food supply with all the farming subsidies it hands out. It can either change the subsidies to match the situation, or get heavily involved into the resource allocation as it has done in wartime. As a good example, European agriculture is currently threatened because there are no foreign workers in the fields. The German government responded by better connecting unemployed workers to local farms, and by changing the rules to allow some foreign workers to come in. That's just a hint of what governments are capable of. It pales in comparison to a war economy. How does it differ from MacOS' excellent screen capture tool? It does what you describe, and also captures videos. This is the part that completely evades me. The economy ground to a halt worldwide, 6 million new unemployment claims are processed every week in the US, established startups are on life support, more and more small businesses are collapsing... ...and the stocks are green. Is there any backing to this claim beyond "it's pleasant to hear"? It reminds me of Operation Barbarossa. Many reconnaissance pilots rang the alarm about the huge buildup of German forces near the Soviet border (in Poland). They weren't only ignored, but threatened. That continued even early into the German attack. German soldiers swam across the river to warn the Soviets. They were shot as enemy agents. You don't prevent a fire by taking the piles out of the smoke detector. If you build a culture where reporting problems is dangerous, you'll only hear good news that can be shared and catastrophic news that can't be ignored. The material required to make N95 masks is in short supply because it is tricky to make. It takes a very long time to set up new machines to make this material. I recall reading 6 months. NPR wrote a good piece about this, if my memory serves me right. I apologise for the lack of sources. It doesn't help that the US tried to make some shady deals with a German company for exclusive access to the vaccine, and allegedly rerouted PPE paid for and headed to Germany. I have actually learned an awful lot from assembling Ikea furniture. Some of those patterns make their way into my own little projects nowadays. This reminds me of an idea I fell in love with: an app can be a home-cooked meal. https://www.robinsloan.com/notes/home-cooked-app/ We can build software that can't scale and won't sell, solely for the enjoyment of those we love. We're not running out of ideas. We're just limiting ourselves to the small subset of problems that are worth solving for money. 2x the userbase overnight? Is this growth hacking? Some problems just aren't that valuable to solve. I use tons of neat little tools like jsondiff.com that just aren't really worth paying for. Monetising those products would make them less pleasant to use, and I'd move to something else. Some things can just remain simple and free, and that's fine. Yes, this is an excellent example. I was also thinking of all those little online tools that solve trivial problems like formatting JSON, decoding URL parameters etc. A world with no losers is impossible when the world and its inhabitants requires maintenance just to keep existing. The characters in Animal Crossing do not tire. They do not go hungry and they do not feel pain. The buildings in the village to not erode, and the in-game items appear out of thin air, without a complex manufacturing process. In the real world, just maintaining your current condition is a constant grind. Real life is a treadmill that never stops. If you're lucky, it just moving a bit slower. Usually, it happens to me when I'm mentally exhausted, or when I do nothing for a long period of time. Here are a few tricks that work for me: * Don't force yourself to get things done. You need rest, not shame. * Get properly bored. Mindlessly consuming content just makes it last longer. * Do something easy and different. I usually run myself a bath or go for a walk. It's enough to get me off the computer and to get ideas flowing again. * Get some rest. Write this evening off, and relax for a bit. The rest will wait. Good writing is a business advantage because it encompasses many other useful business skills. - Writing clearly requires empathy. If you write documentation, you must put yourself in the shoes of your confused users. - Writing requires storytelling skills. Writing something pleasant to read is no small task. - Writing requires social skills. How you write things dictates how well they'll be received. You have to sell your arguments and convince people with very different priorities. Oh and I forgot: * Put a few things back in their place. I don't know why, but it's a surprisingly effective way to get out of a rut. Usually, I end up cleaning the whole flat, even though I hate cleaning. EBay is a terrible website. It has an abysmal user interface that seems to have been built by 100 team with an intense hatred for each other. The feedback system is broken. You can't leave feedback if you opened a case against a seller. Many sellers I had serious problems with had stellar reviews. The resolution system is also pretty bad. If you open a case that gets automatically closed without being solved, you better hope it all happens within 60 days. Thankfully, PayPal is better run. It's anonymized in the sense that you don't know who it will be sold to and what they will do with it. In all seriousness, this is a point GDPR struggles with. It's really hard to properly define what constitutes personal data. It most certainly is. We are trusting a few large companies to moderate acceptable speech on the internet. Is it a good idea to entrust such power to a semi-homogenous group of liberal Americans in the Bay Area? Shouldn't the rest of the planet also have a say in this? Suppose America goes to war with Examplistan. What does that mean for the Examplistanis? Will they get deplatformed as enemy propaganda? Will the internet become a propaganda machine for wherever those large companies are headquartered? What if Google was anti-LGBT? Would we grant it the same moderation powers? Would we be ok with YouTube removing or demonetising videos featuring homosexual displays of affection? I find it crazy that we grant those companies so much power simply because they happen to share some of our views. They also make it much easier to order for a group. Everyone can take turns on the computer and add the food they want. You get a confirmation of what you ordered and a receipt for your taxes, and you don't have to use a phone. You don't even need to speak the local language. Part of my point is that "mainstream social mores" aren't and shouldn't be dictated by a group of companies mainly located within a single American state. There are some things that are normal in parts of the world, but unacceptable in America, and vice-versa. There are also some facts different countries disagree with. Should the mainstream internet adopt the American position by default? Should America's terrorists and freedom fighters be Google and Microsoft's too? A large company that recommends content for a billion users holds significant influence, and that power should not be taken lightly. > Being taken down from YouTube does not equate to being silenced. It does not equate to having your free speech violated, but it does equate to being almost silenced. It's akin to a candidate being excluded from the main political debate. If it's not on the main platforms, it's not on people's feeds. It's not shown by recommendation engines. It's not in Google results. You won't hear about it unless you look for it. We can all agree to censor child pornography, but I feel like we're inching closer and closer to censoring merely controversial opinions. My point is that a small group of American companies get an immense amount of influence over mainstream culture, since they control most of the internet traffic. It's legal, but that doesn't make it a good thing. On the other hand, Google Photos doesn't offer any way to back up your photos to a computer you control anymore. Google Takeout is the only option. Without the benefits you named, I'd argue that you get almost no value out of university. You end up paying a lot of money to teach yourself things. At that point, I'd rather rely on the excellent (free) resources available on the internet. Khan Academy did more for me than my university ever did. I'd just like to remind other readers not to feel pressured to be productive during their downtime. Many of you won't have this much free time until your retirement. It's okay to enjoy it however you see fit. It's not a direct response to this article, but to this general trend of seeing free time as a thing that must be optimised and turned into economic opportunities. Any living thing must somehow get food and shelter, and that requires work. I don't think it's limited to an economic system in particular. It's much more obvious with side projects because there is no one else to blame. You have a complete view of the picture. I find personal projects very humbling. Even with no one stepping on my toes or setting unrealistic requirements, I still make dumb mistakes and write subpar code. > Don't make enterprise software. Don't write unit tests. Don't accept pull requests. Simply write software for yourself and have fun doing it. Forget refactoring code into modules, just fucking code I've found a really nice perspective on this recently: An app can be a home-cooked meal [1] It's okay to build things that aren't popular, that don't scale, or that aren't economically viable, for the delight of a few users. 1: https://www.robinsloan.com/notes/home-cooked-app/ That's a good point. I have nothing to show for my 14 months at [redacted], but I still use the trivial little app I made years ago to redirect my search queries to different sites. It took all of 5 hours to write. Not to mention that losing health insurance coverage wouldn't be a concern. To be frank, I don't care about a 500ms faster site if I spend 15-20 seconds navigating a convoluted GDPR notice, dodging newsletter prompts and looking for a one-line answer in a sea of ads and SEO filler text. I would define essential metrics very differently: - How fast can the users find the answer they are looking for? - What percentage of user interactions benefit the users? - How much information does the website collect about the users? > *eg: once you reached a desirable physical shape, you can switch to 'maintain mode', and focus your energies to something new It should be noted that this does not apply to intimate relationships. They cannot be shelved and picked up again as you see fit. They require consistency. I have made the mistake of putting relationships in maintenance mode, and it did not work so well. Modern times, sure. The United States not so much. If you aren't sure about any other factor, you might want to be born in a society that provides most of its population with the tools they need. Don't blame the regulation, blame everyone who is trying to get you to click the consent button. Cookies are a simple yes/no question, with the default answer being no. If everyone did what's in the users' best interests, it would be a non-issue. This is exactly the spirit of the GDPR. You know your data won't turn up in some completely unrelated place because of a previous business transaction. There is definitely a need for online analytics. Analytics are as important to me as crash reports. * It helps me focus on the content my users need the most, and see what triggers donations. * It helps me catch and diagnose traffic dips, and react to them. * It helps me catch and diagnose unexpected issues. For instance, caching changes broke a component that accounts for 30% of my revenue. It would have stayed broken for a whole month if I didn't see the dip in events. I will replace Google Analytics soon, but even as a tech-savvy person, it's a dreadful task. Google Analytics is free, simple, and incredibly reliable. Setting up your own self-hosted alternative, or paying a monthly fee for an alternative is a lot less desirable. > across the web That part is not necessary. They are mandatory if you collect any form of personal data without legitimate interest. Affiliate marketing is the best way to go. You have full control on how you advertise products. For my website [1], I have build close relationships with local experts. They provide services my readers need, and I know they can be trusted. I get a commission from resulting sales. I like that model because advertisers have zero access to or control over the readers' data. Unfortunately, it's simply not applicable to all websites. - [1] https://allaboutberlin.com/ It would not be easier. It has to be implemented in addition to the consent form. I have a website. If I wanted to support DNT, I'd have to take an hour or two to figure it out. To be honest, it wasn't even on my radar. If you want people to do the right thing, it has to be easy, or it has to pay off. GDPR is incredibly hard, and it's costly. Just knowing what I need to do requires me to wear my lawyer hat. Actually doing it requires me to wear my developer hat, or to pay other people a monthly fee. I will eventually move to another solution, but it has an infinitely lower impact on my users than the problems I help them solve. I will switch this because I swore to do the right thing [1], and because I have a lot of time on my hands. I can't reasonably expect amateur bloggers to do the same. It's an unreasonable burden on people who don't run a website for a living. 1. https://allaboutberlin.com/impressum#content-policy This is called a cascading failure. It's also a problem with the electric grid, and more terrifyingly with global finance. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_failure Travel, immigration, entertainment, restaurants etc are severely affected. A lot of people have lost their income, and spend less. There is also some feat that this will exacerbate problems with an already stressed financial system. Banks are massively increasing their cash reserves, and many organisations have a grim outlook on the upcoming months. By default, Apache is rather poorly optimised. MySQL is even worse. WordPress' poor performance is the result of mashing components together without any concern for performance. WordPress itself is not garbage (at least not for those reasons), but WordPress + a bunch of plugins hammered together is a different beast. Last year, I had something that was very close to basic income (income-generating website that doesn't require active babysitting). I knew a life without work would be amazing, but I never expected it to be this great. I had much more time and energy to enjoy life. There was never a rush to do anything. I woke up when I wasn't tired. I could read in bed for an hour if it felt right. Sometimes I'd just walk 3-5 kilometres to an appointment, and stop for a pint along the way. I didn't stagnate either. My personal projects became my job. My work day started when I was ready and ended when I was done. With my finances already sorted out, I worked on things I enjoyed, not on potential startups. Interestingly enough, life got cheaper. I didn't eat out as often, and cooked from scratch. I could afford the time it takes to be frugal. Never in my life have I been so content with my situation. I didn't make much, but I had all the time in the world to enjoy life. Isn't that what people say they'd do if they won the lottery? The second part of the experience came when I got a short work contract to finance a motorcycle trip. Suddenly, I was back to losing sleep, skipping breakfasts, waiting for the day to end, commuting and generally trying to fit life around my job. I give basic income a 10/10, and wish everyone was given the chance to enjoy life on their own terms. I don't know if it's economically viable, but it's definitely the most enjoyable lifestyle I got to experience. EDIT: this is getting a bit of attention. I'd be happy to answer questions publicly or privately. There's a fair bit of luck involved, but no dirty secrets. I got massively lucky. It's a personal project that grew bigger. If I could do it again, I'd already have another website up and running. I've been thinking about it, but I'm coming to terms with being a one-hit wonder. I get paid a living wage for very little work. The reasons are irrelevant. The most important aspect here is the outcome, which was quite similar to UBI. Give anyone the humble monthly income I'm given, and they'll find a way to have fun. I just wanted to confirm that it's indeed quite nice. One thing I didn't mention is that my revenue could plunge at any moment. It did because of COVID-19, for example. This is not the case with UBI. Yes, this is the gap between "I wish everyone had this", and "UBI is a great idea". I don't know if the economics can scale to an entire population, but I really wish it did. I rode a motorcycle from Germany to Kazakhstan. That's the project that got me going, and the website picked up along the way. I didn't bring it up because that was paid for by my savings. I enjoyed this trip so much that I wanted to repeat it elsewhere, but the cost of living is higher in the places I want to see. Then COVID-19 happened and it delayed my trip. I got a short work contract to save up for it, and it means I get to save for a bit longer. I find it cool that I get to choose how much of my life I want to exchange for money. It's a massive privilege to be in this position. I can gladly talk about financials. - I have health insurance. It's pretty far from free, and it's mandatory. I wrote a very detailed guide about how German health insurance works [1]. It's not comparable to the US system, and I want to write a separate guide to explain this more accurately. - My take-home is slightly above what a full time minimum wage worker would make. My expenses are around 1400€ a month. It could be brought down to 1000€, but I insist on certain luxuries and planned my exit accordingly. 1. https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/german-health-insurance I'm happy to answer more questions. Here it is: https://allaboutberlin.com/ My niche is "make knowledge of Germany approachable to non-Germans". This website works because moving to Germany implies paying for certain things, like health insurance. It also works well because most of the existing information is only available in German. This content also ages rather well, unlike programming tutorial or cellphone reviews for example. I don't need to constantly create new content. I can't think of any other topic I understand this well that provides this much value to the readers. I know a thing or two about long distance motorcycle travel, but nothing I couldn't summarise into a few articles, and nothing that could generate affiliate income. I had some other ideas, but none of them withstood scrutiny. Instead, I'd rather grow the website to cover more complex topics that I'm currently dealing with, such finance and retirement planning in Germany. It feels good to help people answer the same questions I had. > Our welfare system is largely unconditional. ALG II is pretty far from unconditional. You only get it after you burn through all your savings, and it forces you to look for work. TV costs 17€ a month per household even if you don't have a TV. Health insurance is pretty far from free, though it matches your income. Don't get me wrong, it's generally a pretty good system, but it's not unconditional. It was a very difficult trip at times, especially after crossing the Caspian Sea. I don't regret it, but it was an adventure for sure. Again, those social benefits only kick in after you have burned through your life savings, including your retirement savings. If you are on ALG II, you don't have so much left. You are also expected to report to the job center, and act on the help they provide you. It's not just "stop working, get free things". If you are not a citizen, it's also going to ensure your visa doesn't get renewed. The government had to make an exception this time for COVID-19. I have been toying with a similar idea for a very long time. I want to have an all-encompassing personal history for the same reasons I want good access and error logs. I want to see when something wrong happens, and I want the means to diagnose the problem and fix the damage. A few good examples: - Did I forget to write down any tax-deductible expenses? - What is my net worth? Is my current lifestyle sustainable? - Which parts of my city have I yet to explore? - Can I search all my conversation with John across 3 messaging apps, email, SMS and phone? I took a few jabs at these problems. Invariably, the services I consumed data from shut down their API or hid my data better. In some cases, I wanted to use a different service, but didn't feel like updating my scripts. I'm currently looking into this again, but this time it's also a matter of privacy. I want to own all that data I create. I'd rather integrate tools under my control than services who actively try to hold my data hostage. The GDPR says you can get access to your data. It doesn't say it should be available in a convenient, computer-friendly format. Google Takeout gives me my location history, but getting it is a manual process. Banks must offer an API. I just haven't looked into it yet. I bought mine 5 years ago and it's just like that. I realised that I don't even need a time dial. An on/off switch would be just fine. What purchases does your website lead to? If the answer is "none", you will not make affiliate income. If you provide really valuable information, you can put it behind a paywall. Otherwise, you must either rely on display ads or donations, neither of which are terribly lucrative. If you want to make money, you have to create value. You have to provide something that is valuable enough to pay for, or bring someone else valuable business leads. This is not the case with your website. Despite all the praise it got, I really struggled with that book. I hated it so much that I had to check if I didn't pick the wrong book by accident. I found that it's a very polarising book. It's life-changing for some, and garbage for others. There were a few insightful passages, but most of the book was pretentious rambling. It was difficult to understand what the author was even trying to say, with his head so far up his butt. It has a promising beginning, but becomes increasingly dense and confusing. Quality is the ability of a thing to do its job. Chasing the definition of that word doesn't warrant a spiral into insanity. "The Life-Changing Magic of Not Giving a F*ck" The free sample is enough to get the core message: the Konmari method can also apply to obligations, not just objects. It's not a fascinating book, just an interesting concept. Most of the book covers the exceptions and caveats of its own technique, a rare approach in this genre. Its premise is similar to Mark Manson's "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck", but without the aggressive self-help bro tone. "No More Mr. Nice Guy" This book is for nice guys who never get what they want. The answer isn't "be a selfish asshole for once", but "if you want something, ask for it" and "don't expect unsolicited generosity to be rewarded in specific ways". This book is a healthy fix to an unhealthy behaviour. "Influence: Science and Practice" The gang of four made a book about programming design patterns. Cialdini made a book about influence design patterns. It's easy to read, and full of examples. I read Jupiter's Travels right after. It's indeed a much better book about motorcycle travel. It's a very accurate depiction of what it's like to travel on a motorcycle. It still blows my mind that someone achieved this before ATMs, hotel booking sites and fuel injection. This technique is part of 5S, another bit of the Toyota Production System. Poka Yoke is part of Kaizen, IIRC. Poka-yoke plays a big role in making my life easier. I implemented a bunch of them around the house, and in the garage. They're an excellent coping mechanism for people with ADHD, because they make it hard to do the wrong thing. - I leave my backpack against the door to make sure I don't leave the house without it. - I put coloured tape around the 10 mm spanner, and the 10 mm socket. The 12 mm socket is 2 sockets to the right. - Every tool has a place. If a slot is empty, a tool is missing. - When I disassemble something, I place all the screws down in order. When I put everything back together, I should always need the rightmost screw. - I always do mise en place before cooking. If an ingredient is missing, I'll know before I start cooking. I also try to implement them in the workplace. Errors can happen, but they shouldn't happen twice. I just started transcribing every recipe I make. Even if you can extract all the essential information from a recipe site, some changes are needed: - I need to convert recipes to metric. I am neither equipped nor inclined to cook in freedom units. - A "can" or a "packet" is not a standard unit of measurement. - Package sizes vary between countries. I often adjust recipes to avoid wasting food. - I cook by mass, not volume. I convert the units them round them. - Instructions are sometimes too verbose. I make them easier to follow while my hands are busy. - I will make my own changes and I must write them down somewhere. Besides, sites go down and links break. Food.com broke many of my bookmarks a few years ago. Other sites went dark. My recipes are plain text. They are editable, searchable, editable, and available offline. That's something I'm fine with. It's better than targeted ads, and sometimes answers genuine questions. I'm a modern web developer who's fairly up to date on those things. I've set up what he described just last week. I definitely couldn't do it in 10 minutes. An hour maybe. The person above forgot that those things require a lot of skill and experience just to understand what you're told to do. We're a long way from building websites with FrontPage and uploading them over FTP. That would still open you up to MITM attacks Books get written once. Why can't websites? We still learn from documents that are centuries old, and when a cache of them is found, it makes the news. Yet on the other side, we let so much information expire because the underlying technology is obsolete. Tedious work is very unpleasant. It's not just about how much time things take, but about how dreadfully boring the work can be. My job is exactly like what you describe. In a way, I am the executive branch of management. I don't decide what needs to be done or how it needs to be done. I just make sure it gets done. I pair people with questions with people with answers. I synthesise business requirements into usable tickets. I take ownership of cross-team tasks to make sure they don't get stuck. I digest a lot of information, and share the relevant bits with the relevant people. I make sure that important conversations happen, and that important things aren't forgotten. In other words, I take care of all the details that would prevent the team from being focused and productive. It's pretty fun. I am told to make things smoother, but left to decide how to do it. The link to your site at the bottom is not working. There's an extra dot at the end of the URL. Things still need to be delivered. I am fairly close to various expat communities in my city. "Where can I print this document" is a very common question. It also affects tourists who need printed tickets that are only available a few days before their flight. This reflects the experiences of close relatives with unskilled labour. In some fields, it's difficult to get people who consistently show up sober and on time. Those who can do this rarely stay for long. A stock is worth whatever people will pay for it. However it's fair to point out that the price does not match the underlying asset or its future growth. That's mental. Is that a common thing to happen? On the other hand, writing things down or explaining them is a good way to find flaws in your understanding. Their app is also pretty bad, to the point it became standard to just exchange whatsapp numbers right off the bat to make communication possible. Couchsurfing has a great community, but it has been resting on its laurels for too long. I beg to differ. Travellers need travel insurance. They might need a ho(s)tel if other options aren't there. They could enjoy TransferWise and borderless bank accounts. You can give away the product and monetize related needs. This is how I did it with my website, where I can still afford to give away all my knowledge. You focus on your core product, but still make affiliate income from pointing them to other things they need. Yes. I used Yandex Taxi in Kazakhstan. I don't speak Kazakh nor Russian, but was able to get around in Almaty that way. I have done the same with Uber in Poland, and with countless services in Germany before I learned German. I really appreciate consuming a service at my pace, especially when there is a language barrier, a large order or alcohol involved. In practice, it's very difficult fo make such decisions. I'm a young, single developer with other revenue streams. I am not risking a lot, so honesty and integrity are cheap. However, many people don't have such a luxury, especially outside the tech community. I prefer a much shorter quote: "Start where you are, use what you have, do what you can". I love the attitude it conveys. It's not an affirmation, but a call to action. It got me out of overwhelming situations when I was alone and far from home. > There’s no point in suffering in front of a computer screen if I’m not going to be productive anyway. The biggest benefit or being self-employed is that I'm done when I'm done. For a while, I worked 10 to 3 or 4, then did something else. There was no loss in productivity, but it freed up a lot of time in my day. Managing a website and writing for it are two different activities to me. I prefer to do the latter in a WYSISYG editor. I don't want to fire up a terminal to deploy content changes. With proper caching, the output of a CMS can be indistinguishable from a static site, but it can also include RSS, pagination, categories, tagging, responsive images, tables of contents, etc. Take https://allaboutberlin.com . In my browser, most of its pages load faster than the tiny website above. It has a big header image, custom fonts and other features. You can achieve great things with HTTP2 server push, static caching and gzip. You should definitely consider making simple, fast websites because they're great for visitors, but how you produce the HTML doesn't matter. Sure, but they need to be generated by some sort of framework, somewhere. If your definition of a static site includes framework-generated index pages and page structures, aren't almost all websites static already? Making them tiny is just a matter of writing better templates, not picking more obscure frameworks. If you don't need detailed information about visitors, you can also consider server log analytics. 29 milliseconds. That is fast. Why would they be? They are extremely fast, and over 90% of the page is the main content. There is very little noise, so Google can parse them easily. Handy people can truly appreciate how true that statement is. If you fix enough things, you build a collection of tools and techniques that let you fix just about anything. You also build a lot of confidence in your own repair skills. Two years ago, I bought my first motorcycle. I was afraid to change the oil on it. I'm currently rebuilding a motorcycle engine. A lot of that knowledge carries to bicycles and cars, so in a sense, it compounds. Make more mistakes. I learned to cook by messing up dishes. I've messed up enough dishes to know how not to mess up. You have to be comfortable with making mistakes and being bad at things, because it happens a lot when you're just getting started. I have to comb through my monthly transactions for business income and expenses. I also get a notification for every transaction with N26. I used to have a homemade tool that graphed my net worth across several bank accounts. It proved very difficult to maintain, but it was super useful. I could easily see my savings rate, and catch unexpected dips. The problem is not using cookies, it's collecting personal data about users, which is aided by cookies. This requires active consent in Europe, which this website does not allow. If I'm not mistaken, you don't need to have a cookie banner if you only have essential cookies. Perhaps it's time for browsers to step in, and ask for permission just like when sharing location settings. This is rather inconvenient when shopping for niche products. American website assumes that everyone on the internet is American, and you have to go through the shopping cart experience to learn that they don't ship to Canada or Europe. Mine will sometimes parse English, sometimes German. Sometimes it will understand English, and answer in German. It's a total crapshoot. It's a massive difference. Frankfurt am Main is one of the largest cities in Germany. Frankfurt (Oder) has a population of 50000. You seldom refer to Frankfurt (Oder). Even fast devices have slow internet in the underground. So many websites load 3mb of data for a few kb of relevant info. I tried to keep things legal for a year or two, but consistently ran into this problem. I rarely watch whatever's on. I prefer to watch specific movies from a list of recommendations. This was simply impossible. Sometimes I couldn't find the movies I wanted. Sometimes they weren't available in my country. Sometimes they weren't available in their original language, or with the right subtitles. Sometimes the streaming platform didn't like my hardware. Sometimes it didn't let me watch the movie over more than 24 hours. Paying to watch movies felt like paying for making the experience more grating. Piracy gives me any movie I desire in around 20 minutes. I get a file. I own this file for as long as I want. I can play that movie offline, put it on any device, share it with anyone, or transform it as I please. It's mine. I don't think I'll be paying for streaming again. Movie tickets absolutely, but not streaming. For read-only websites, I use and love Craft CMS. I built a lightning fast docker setup for it. If it were a one-off job for someone else, I'd use WordPress because it's easier to find other devs. For CRUD apps I use and love Django. It's a great backend with plenty of goodies to make life easier. For lightweight APIs that don't require an ORM, I would just use flask. For frontend development I use VueJS. I'd use React otherwise. I just know Vue better. I pick the right tool for the job, with a bias towards technologies I'm familiar with. There's one important detail you forgot: server-side forms make caching more difficult. It can be a performance bottleneck. As already pointed out, dynamic parts require client-side logic. There's also quite a bit of FUD going on in that article. You can write a client-side form without loading 200kb of libraries. I write mine in vanilla JS. It really isn't that hard. They have! I contribute very sporadically, and both Commons and Wikipedia became a lot easier to work with thanks to improved tools. We have not seen the code of conduct. We can't imagine what it will be like based on two or three adjectives from this article. I moderate a small community. When we introduced new moderators, we had to formalise the unspoken rules that governed our moderation habits. Now, we follow guidelines instead of intuition. Writing things down forced us to think about our behaviour, and to discuss the flaws in our unspoken rules. It makes our behaviour more consistent, especially towards content we personally don't like. A code of conduct can be just that. A formal, consistent rulebook for a community. When I learned Vue, I just inclued the library with a script tag, and started writing plain JavaScript around it. That was about 3 years ago, and I just started using modules. Even then, I use the native browser modules, no Webpack. With HTTP2, there is little cost to requesting many small files. Likewise, I don't use a CSS preprocessor in any of my projects. They aren't that complicated. Those projects have no build process. What you write is what you run (WYWIWYR?). If the project is small enough I'll serve its root directory with Python's SimpleHttpServer. Later, I might have nginx do it. This allows me to get a project running in a minute. I add tools when they are needed, because then I have the motivation to learn them and set them up properly. Such tools are required if you must coordinate the work of multiple developers. Their cost is divided by the number of devs, and their benefits multiplied. If you're just a home gamer toying around, you can do without them. Dogfooding helps you build better tools for experts, but it doesn't help you build friendlier tools for newcomers. Those who have the power to improve the tools are well past the point where they need friendlier tools. They added a lot of WYSIWYG tools which are much better than the plain text ones. Wikimedia lets you specify licences for the files you upload, and find categories for them. In my experience, not at all. They replaced silent tracking with obnoxiously loud tracking. Extracting consent became a new art form. On allaboutberlin.com, I serve Google Fonts locally. Aside from the benefits mentioned in the article, it also makes HTTP2 server push possible. This means the font is pushed along with the page, without first having to parse the HTML and the CSS. It's significantly faster. There are fewer server round trips. The website loads from start to finish in 200ms on my end (in Berlin of course). At this point, DNS and server distancs are bigger issues than what's on the page. I find the call for system fonts rather funny, because it's such a pointless sacrifice. Another significant benefit is privacy. I don't like sending visitor information to third parties. I removed Google Fonts requests, and I'm working on removing Analytics. Once this is done, there won't be any third party requests on the page. Just HTTP2 Server Pushing a smaller set of fonts will do the job. I have a website with 6 font variants that loads in 200ms. It loads even faster once the fonts are cached. That's also my experience. My self-hosted, cached, server-pushed fonts keep the total load time well under 500 milliseconds. I load 2 fonts in a total of 6 variants. The 100kb responsive header is a much bigger bottleneck. You can achieve much bigger savings with proper caching, gzipping, a fast server and a lightweight page than with system fonts. Sometimes you need a one-way mode of transportation. They are great for that. Hook, line and sinker This always reminds me of the passage about the bank in Grapes of Wrath. > Some of the owner men were kind because they hated what they had to do, and some of them were angry because they hated to be cruel, and some of them were cold because they had long ago found that one could not be an owner unless one were cold. And all of them were caught in something larger than themselves. Some of them hated the mathematics that drove them, and some were afraid, and some worshiped the mathematics because it provided a refuge from thought and from feeling. If a bank or a finance company owned the land, the owner man said, The Bank- or the Company- needs- wants- insists- must have- as though the Bank or the Company were a monster, with thought and feeling, which had ensnared them. These last would take no responsibility for the banks or the companies because they were men and slaves, while the banks were machines and masters all at the same time. Some of the owner men were a little proud to be slaves to such cold and powerful masters. The owner men sat in the cars and explained. You know the land is poor. You've scrabbled at it long enough, God knows. http://www.polkagris.nu/wiki/Steinbeck,_John:_Grapes_of_Wrat... This was my experience with my photo collection. I pretty much abandoned Lightroom because Google lets me type "pug" in the search box and find all of my pug pictures. It also holds my pictures and their metadata hostage but that's another story. The fonts on my site weight about 50 kb. I don't think it will make such a big difference. I know the NATO phonetic alphabet, but still don't use it. It confuses the hell out of people, especially in other languages. I also tend to forget letters, leading to something like "bravo uniform xylophone" I follow similar practices on my website. I help people settle in Germany. Since I can't assume people are native English speakers, I use simple english. It's surprisingly hard. When I revisit old guides, I can notice how much I have learned. Struggling with German helped me become better at writing for those who struggle with English. I use Hemingway to spot long sentences, difficult words and other problems. I also use text formatting and typography to great effect. It makes the text easier to skim if you just need a specific piece of information. Here are some of the things I learned: * Put the short answer at the start, and highlight it. I try to make my content the opposite of clickbait. * Use short, unambiguous sentences. Let readers catch their breath. Don't write sentences like Tarantino writes stories. * Avoid idioms and expressions as much as possible. * Use can/should/must exclusively. I can name them, but perhaps not out of blue during a phone call. It's stored deep in the back, along with the position of stars and the lyrics of Disney songs. That was a good article. It answered the question in the title in plain English, without taking any unnecessary detours. It was prefaced by a clear GDPR notice that let me access the website without any fuss. I wish the internet was always like that. I haven't looked at personal website analytics for years. I left them out of my current blog redesign. Like you, I don't maintain this blog for the fame and glory. However, I depend on analytics for my monetised website. I depend on that website to make rent. I'd still like to find a less invasive solution. Logs are missing some information I occasionally need to make decisions: - Browser and screen resolution - Time on page - Tracking of on-page events I'd still prefer Fathom because the data isn't fed into Google's fine-tuned tracking machine. Even if it's not a perfect solution, it's likely better than Analytics in that regard That's still a lot. The longest pages on my website download around 200kb of data. 1.5MB is a lot of data for text-based information. Of course, some space should be left for enhancing the text with images, but the Wired front page doesn't have that many of those. Google also considers page and domain authority, which your website likely doesn't have. Every website is different, but if a single bot is bringing your website to a crawl, you should probably start caching a few things and working on performance. Another benefit of smartphones is that photos are geotagged, processed, and backed up automatically. This is a pretty big deal if you travel for more than a few days. My humble RX100 took objectively better pictures than my Samsung S9, but not enough to justify the extra weight, and the extra logistics. When my RX100 broke, I did not replace it. I also had larger cameras. They made photography the main activity whenever I brought them with me. I rarely took them with me. Startup time: my phone is right here in my pocket. My camera is in my backpack. I missed on many good shots because I couldn't be arsed to fish it out of here. Compared to the cost of bodies and glass, I'd say it's not so bad. You could do this with nginx for sure. I don't know what the impact on performance would be. Yes, but the data is used by you and only you. It's not shared with Google. It's not merged with data from other sites and used against your users. The collected data is under your control, and it's used solely for its intended purpose. All of this is fun. Sometimes I feel like writing, and sometimes I feel like messing with the website or the server it runs on. These tasks scratch different itches. In either case, I have all the time in the world. I'm not maximizing for engagement. I'm just having fun, and I'm learning something along the way. People make chairs with expensive tools in expensive workshops. They could just drive out and buy one, but they're not trying to disrupt the sitting industry. They just enjoy the process of making chairs. My smartphone depreciates faster in value, but I use it several hours a day, every day. The price-per-use is much lower than for any camera I've ever owned. It's easier to justify the expense. Moreover, $1000 will get you a flagship phone, but at best a mid-level camera and lens. You'll get a vastly better camera, no doubts, but you'll only get a camera. I run a fairly simple website supported by donations and affiliate income. Even then, Analytics offers more than view counts. Here are a few questions it can answer for me: - Is supporting IE11 financially justified? - Which articles generate the most income, and why? - Which components are useful, and which are just noise? - Where are my visitors from? (it affects how I can help them) > Server logs can tell you that. They can't tell me how much money those users actually bring me. 70% of my content is not monetised. > Your affiliate partner will tell you which links bring what income My affiliate partners go from Amazon to people who fax things around. Their data is not always accurate or complete, if they gather it at all. I used Google Analytics to spot many such problems in the past. > the forms would also generate log entries That would just confirm that a form was submitted. It won't tell me on which pages it performs poorly. It won't tell me that people opened a collapsible, but didn't like its contents. > Server logs and GeoIP The point isn't just to know where users come from, but how to better serve them. Server logs won't answer questions like "are there enough non-EU, Spanish-speaking visitors to warrant translating this page?" > I see nothing here It might have something to do with myopia. Your judgements are based on inaccurate preconceptions of how websites operate. > I'm sure self-hosted analytics tools like Matomo (formerly Piwik) can do this out of the box. Yes, absolutely. I'm looking to switch to it already. I have the same concerns as you about Google, and I'm eager to get them off my website. For the record, your points are all valid. They just fail to account for some of my needs. The current answers are simply wrong. I describe German bureaucracy for a living. Here's a free sample: it's slow and inconvenient. Distributing part of the process to photo booths means you can show up, hand your documents and leave. This is already more than most locations can handle. Adding to their burden won't help. As someone else pointed out, some processes can be done by mail. Driving all the way to Berlin to sort out paperwork would put rural communities at a disadvantage. They try to adhere to the rules. In practice, there is a lot of variance within a single building. For instance, my friend managed to do something by email. The same day, I got an answer from the same office confirming that it was impossible. I spent months documenting the freelance visa application process, and worked with several relocation consultants to document it. A person I helped got a 3 year visa on the same day. It took me 2 months to get a 2 year visa, even though I coached him and had a far simpler case. I have a copy of their process bible, a 1000 page PDF in thick German. I can assure you that they don't follow what's in it. I still take most of my notes in Google Keep. I can type faster than I can write. My notes are always on the cloud, searchable and editable from any device. I also created Markdown Notes a few years ago, but haven't used it much after university. I still use paper for disorganised thoughts, doodles and short-lived notes, but digital notes are hard to beat for everything else. Unfortunately not. "The Amt Before Time" never got picked up by the BBC, and without Attenborough, it just wasn't worth it. I maintain All About Berlin. It's a collection of guides for settling in Berlin/Germany. It's basically a list of things I wish people explained to me. The process for transferring a vehicle or registering your address is hardly more satisfying. They're all equally unreliable and complicated. Lightroom can do that for you See here: https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/anmeldung-in-english-berli... It shouldn't have to be a 3 page guide, but there's enough variation in the process to warrant it. 5 years ago, just getting an appointment was an adventure. This sums up why I like Kanban. The TODO column is an ordered list of things to do. The job of the developer is to pick tasks from the top and move them towards the right. The task of management is to keep the TODO column sorted, and prevent tickets from being stuck in any other column. The task of management is aided by limits on how many items each column contains. Those limits are based on how many things people can realistically do at once. In my experience, it worked better with Kanban. The "top ticket first" approach forced us to improve knowledge sharing in the team. In practice, you can pick the second topmost ticket if it doesn't affect the schedule. You're a grown up. The tickets you work on should not be based on your feelings, but on actual priority. In practice, if you feel like it won't affect the schedule, go for it. You're a grown up. In my experience, panic shifting is more manageable with Kanban. Tickets aren't given arbitrary deadlines, so shifting them around doesn't change the order of work, but not the intensity of work. Bringing one ticket up pushes every other ticket down. Nothing gets squeezed into the sprint. As for interruptions, it's a matter of urgency. Usually, Kanban dictates what you do next, not right now. There's also a limit on how many tickets you can have in progress. In practice, it's up to you to decide if a task is urgent enough to interrupt your work. You're a grown up. It's my full time job, and I agree. However keeping Jira in line with reality helps me catch inconsistencies in requirements and plans. They are sorted according to the project roadmap, usually by a person who understands business requirements, and a person who understands reality. In my experience, it's usually done in a weekly meeting that involves a small subset of the team. We don't need to estimate tasks. We only need to know their logical order (dependencies) and priority (requirements). We don't need the whole team present for that. If the requirements or reality change during the week, there is no cost to reordering the todo column. It doesn't change how much gets done, just in which order it gets done.