Tim Cook never said that. When asked what he would do if he were currently faced with the problems confronting Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Cook said: "I wouldn't be in this situation." The Ray Tracing part (page 247) is really interesting. John Carmack describes the NVIDIA RTX architecture there. Usually women are biologically programmed to want kids more than men, and men are programmed to want to have more love making than women. I think a lot of people just do it anyway (just like a lot of people make love anyway even if they don't really want it), but usually don't talk about it as it's taboo. I decided not to probably have kids, as I son't think it's worth for me, but this is a very personal choice. Paired with deep learning it would be very helpful for early tumor screening at home. My girlfriend already had cancer twice, but the usual screening is done only once every 6 months. ,,I ended up not using the fancy iterator systems (yet?) but the ThreadPool is perfect.'' Please give Rayon iterators another try instead of using thread pool + message passing, it's one of the best features of Rust. The main hedges for the financial system breakdown are physical gold, silver and (my personal favourite, although much riskier) Bitcoin (though make sure you use a hardware wallet if you want to own it). The key is ,,inside chips''. There's no reason to do those bad things on the die using an extra chip, as it's too easy to prove. With the low interest rates cheap capital is accessible to selected companies. The cheap capital is used to acquire monopoly position instead of just competing for talent. I don't think the biggest problem is that software engineers are under-compensated. It's more like assets are overpriced, so we're not able to buy houses. Housing is overvalued because the interest rates are very low compared to what you can see historically. A lot of people are expecting a serious credit crunch in the next few (max. 10) years which mean that housing prices will decrease significantly compared to the current prices. Waymo is far the best self driving tech and nobody has the money to buy it, as Alphabet is not selling (it's the first real diversification from ads revenue). GM is few years behind, but hopefully those few years are not enough for Waymo to create a monopoly. He was a PM, so he doesn't understand the real problems inside Google. Talking about agility: you have to provision TPUs years ahead. Developer jobs are taken over by higher priority production tasks all the time. Datacenters are always turned down, and job dependencies on datacenters are still managed manually, as the internal tools don't support automatic migration. Forgetting to provision necessery network quota means that even when you get a lot of GCUs, you have to wait months again to get network quota. If you find the right SRE though they try to be helpful, but their tools are limited as well. I'm not saying things are bad though. There are lots of great tgings at Google, but agility is not one of them. Tesla has an effect similar to iPhone, where people spend more to have it than what they used to generally for a car before. Even Tesla leadership was surprised by it (they expected to get to $35k sooner, but also didn't expect to be able to sell so many cars at $50k). It should. Sometimes I choose to do the same thing if the line of cars gets too long behind me and I don't want to waste their time. Waiting when a human would have turned left should count as a disengagement. The real problem is not short sellers: it's borrowing people's stocks for shorting without their knowledge. When you think you own a stock, you don't own it, as the ownerahip lies with the custody institution (unless you have a stock certificate). There was a small but strong group of people who even believed that it was possible to create digital cash that can't be simply controlled by a government. To create a government project you have to make something that makes sense and looks possible (like the atomic bomb). Even if Tesla achieved as expected, it's very far from being just a normal company. As a person who suffers from air pollution every day, I'm really thankful for Tesla employees for working on decreasing this constant suffering in the future. In my view Tesla is changing the world. Elon's using optimistic projections all the time to motivate the company and all other companies working with Tesla as well. The problem is that - as with any project - if the stated goals would be less, the real outcome would decrease as well. Of course weather it's legal to be optimistic or not is an orthogonal question, but it makes sense in leading a business. ,,Reviewing code is one of those things that I would enjoy if I had infinite time, but that I find a nuisance when I don't.'' I can't really imagine any work that can be more important than code review for other people. This is the way Linus can have a 100x leverage on the Linux code base. This is the most important and hardest work in the Bitcoin code base as well, probably apart from cryptography research. I think the bigger problem is that code reviewing may be not well compensated, not that it's not important. How can we see the evidence if the victims are silenced by their contract (forced arbitration)? The way to change the law is by starting the movement in the company. I'm sure people will talk about not allowing forced arbitration by the law after this movement. No. In Google you're supposed to try to go for promotion, and nobody cares about the walkout in the promotion commitees, so at the end you have to work extra. If you don't want promotion though, life's easy @ Google. I look at Tesla as the next Apple. There's not much room for fast innovation in the smart phone space, but cars are outdated, and self driving / electric cars with better robotic manufacturing methods give an opportunity for new entrants to appear. It's too late for Apple though at this point to manufacture the full hardware (and also behind Waymo in self driving software). What I have seen more are 0.1x managers. They may be just 10% of the managers, but the problem is that if you have a deep hierarchy, you just need one 0.1x manager in the hierarchy to ruin your project. It's also an act of jealousy: so few man in the world get an unrealistically huge amount of female attention (and set the bar extremely high), that as a teenage boy was impossible to compete with for most of us guys. I vote yes for distributed systems, no for the Masters' Degree. If you already know how to code, it's easy to get into other fields and train yourself, thereby not losing money. You can also write open source code if you don't think you could find the appropriate job instantly. 99.998% sounds great, but 99% here not so much: https://basecamp.com/3/uptime It would be better if it would show a more precise number. Actually this isn't something new. Smart children in their young age coupd take advantage of others not being able to count. Still, strength is probably more important as a child. It's just because it takes time to build the new supercars. Tesla Roadster is out in 2-3 years, it sets the standard for other manufacturers. Are you talking about a car that is taking over a bicycle before turning, or a bicycle taking over a car from the right in the same lane (which is not allowed)? I was also cheating on my chemistry exam, but as your life is over yet I wouldn't be so sure. As I'm getting older it's getting more and more important for me to understand the biochemical processes that are going on (or going wrong) in my body. Why would it be just filler? You're probably not eating enough. It has high fiber content, just like most vegetables (and actually a very similar macro nutrient ratio) We have web pages with multiple seconds of latency because devs don't have a deep understanding of the performance hits of composing programs. And for that you need to understand how the CPU works. Please don't confuse Bitcoin with any other cryptocurrency. Bitcoin Core is where developers who treat it responsibly as a multi-billion dollar system are concentrated. It's very hard to submit code to it for a reason (unlike ALL other crypto currencies so far). Just as an example Bitcoin is the only cryptocurrency where you can see a page with all security vulnerabilities so far. Just search for Astro Teller rollerblades :) With BTC this is just normal volatility. The usual drawdowns that are happening every 1-3 years are about 75% - 95%. If the price of BTC goes under $1000 that will be something new. I can't speak of other coins as they are a very different market (and I'm a Bitcoin maximalist). It means that I think it will eat all money (and most altcoins as well) over the next 15-20 years. About the downside: I hope using coal as an energy source will be shut down ASAP. Bitcoin protocol would easily work with only sustainable energy sources, but it doesn't work without the security of proof of work (all other algorithms for decentralized concensus so far decrease security of the protocol). Luckily China already took some steps to close down the most polluting Bitcoin miners. At another big company we had a code freeze as well, but we found a bug in a new feature that we released. We were not allowed to fix the bug, so we were reverting binaries of the data processing pipeline. The problem is that the data was already created and not backwards compatible, so we just created new problems... strict code freeze together with a huge feature push is always a nightmare. Don't kill yourself, life has too much fun even for you. You're probably not that smart, but not dumb either. For smart people math usually comes easy, as it doesn't require much memorisation. Dumb people are not able to do deep self reflection. C++ is probably not your language, so if you want to stay with computers, I suggest you take a look at web programming, as it has the least math. You can always switch inside programming if you change your mind. Go for HTML, JavaScript, Vue as a start for example. Try to have fun with it. Build things. Then come back and ask more questions. It's not just easy but I have some friends who dom't update their (low end) phones because they're afraid that the updates will slow the system down. It took weeks for the bug to be surfaced. I was working with conversions, which is rare and noisy data. The problem is that most policies are not adjusted for the subteams. The software that allows the GitHub style (light-forking) environment is called git, created by Linus. He's a great example of a person who doesn't care about free software ideologies, but cares about open sourcing code a lot. That's great. Bitcoin needs to get to the state where mass media also thinks that it's over for Bitcoin. The desparate phase is when the last weak hands get rid of their Bitcoins, and that marks the bottom of.the crash. If they would want equality, it should be symmetric (for example 2 women, 2 men, or 1 woman, 1 man, and 1 any gender). This is clear discrimination against men (though not the first one that we have seen in the past few years). The paper is here: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00260.pdf It's interesting that it's already used for optimizing for long term value when deciding whether a push notification should be sent or not. It's cool, it would be great if the neurons would be classified with machine learning by the name of the objects they encode (and probability of that encoding beimg correct), so not just a few object types could be added / removed With the current low interest rates there's no capitalism in the world, just crony capitalism, which inflated some asset classes, like the housing market, stock market and private companies that plan to go to the American stock market. This problem will be corrected in the next 10-15 years, but it won't be an easy ride. At this point in time just developer recognition is enough for a lot of people to work hard on a project that has an impact for free. The basics of Twitter is trivial to implement in a centralized way at this point (unlike Google which solves a hard ranking problem), but it needs decentralized serverless infrastructure, that hasn't happened yet. I think decentralized money has to win first, and other infrastructure can come later. The damage is not simply probability x impact, as it's also important to limit the potential downside. When a person or company pays for insurance, it increases the average damage in return for decreasing the variance. It's called #himtoo, and it was started by the mother of a false accusation victim a few months ago. The fact is that these differences im sex exist (and increasing). I would happily change my official gender to be able to be a board member (now that California is limiting it). But if I needed, I would maybe change my official gender just to be able to fall into the gender quota and get a job. From reading the details it looks like almost all user data (and every user's data) is compromised. Using the word ,,some'' should be illegal in this instance. I agree, they are completely orthogonal features. The only personalization that's happening is inside the new session that the person creates when using incognito mode, which is understandable. I agree that it shouldn't be called a fully featured ML stack. Still, the most important feature (optimized compilation of models) is handled quite well. Whenever I have to look at Tensorflow source code to understand how it works, I see an over-complicated system that is too far from the research papers (which makes it hard to work with it). China and especially Shenzen has special tax exemption for high tech companies. The leadership understands that the key to winning a the economic race between countries is high tech, while other countries are still protecting older industries. Just an idea of what can help focusing instead of smoking: go to the gym. It has so many positive side effects, that you can lose nothing by trying it. I don't view Sundar as somebody who has any power over Larry. When Eric Schmidt was the CEO, he had his own opinions, but whenever Sundar was asked any question on TGIF, he was just looking at Larry to see if what he's saying is what Larry wants to hear. Sergey doesn't really care about politics, he just wants to do cool stuff. I love a lot of things in my LG gram 14 inch, except the poor speakers (my mobile phone has a better one) and the fact that I can't use it outside in the sun. This is true, but the interesting thing is that USA is quite favourable to Bitcoin, which I believe will be the next reserve currency. For now it looks like Chinese government is missing out on the most important technical innovation. I hope that my country (Hungary) will not be the battle ground for the 2 superpowers. It was for the last 1000 years. Why is China crazy for not being able to provide the same quality of life as the country with the reserve currency? It makes sense that US is one of the easiest place in the world to live in. I guess it depends on the price GM is asking for. The problem is that this news item itself increased the selling price probably significantly, as it's harder for Elon to say no to buying. "If you have something that you don't want anyone to know, maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the first place." - Eric Schmidt RT is great Russian international competition, but I haven't seen China to do something similar. Do you know a good one? I was looking for Erythritol in the study, as it seems to be the safest sugar replacement so far (I'm using it all the time, still trying not to overuse it of course). It's strange that the study didn't take it into account. Even as a hypocrite he was valuing employees more than any other CEO in his time. Larry has no empathy and it was shown very clearly when he took over. Can you add a link for those of us who want to try to play on mobipe anyways? Why don't you just ask them if you could use it for free? It's not much cost to them and they could do something good. What is missing right now are games that are designed for RTX & DLSS (but they are coming), full of mirrors and shiny objects. All the games that are out use RTX to enhance the experience, which means that Ray Tracing is secondary citizen. Atomic Heart is an example of a game that really depends on Ray Tracing heavily for the best experience. - They never ever get hacked, and even if they do, the insurance compamy would feel immoral to buy the hacked data dump They tried to do e2e encryption with Allo, then they integrated all the crappy smileys from it to their other messagong products, and got rid of Allo. The scary thing is that in theory they don't have ads on messaging, but if it would be true, they would have gone farther with e2e The real assholes are the german car company executives who kill people by lying about diesel exhaust of the cara they're manufacturing. I'm sure that they are nice with everybody, but their real toxic impact is so much bigger than Elon's, it's just uncomparable. Sounds interesting. An interesting difference between RTX and the previous techniques is that ray tracing is needed for modern film rendering. It just doesn't make sense that movies are still rendered with CPUs and not a more parallel architecture, so it feels for me that games are just a secondary for NVIDIA for the current version of the card. Open source is booming by any metrics. My favourite example is Bitcoin, which is just getting started, but even its haters usually agree that it has a huge impact (even if they don't like the impact itself). The amount of hate is quite interesting... usually I get about 4 points for what I write (if it doesn't stay at 1), but any time it's about Bitcoin, it's -4. Still, adoption is exponental, so I'm quite confident it just takes 10 more years to get to wide adoption. Front end engineers are not selected for their skills in understanding algorithms and data structures. It's quite easy to speed up a web site if you understand how CPU works on a low level and how Javascript is compiled to machine code, but it requires a lot of knowledge. They made a big mistake, but generally I love reading Blind. There are a lot of interesting things on it about which I couldn't talk even to my own colleagues. On Reddit I have no idea where a person who replies really works. You either haven't found the interesting threads or the interesting replies from internal people that make Blind different. For me it is too much fun. I love that I can use most of the standard library without thinking / looking at the documentation, and not needing to wait for compilation. But at the same time I hate that I love a language that performs so bad compared to being closer to the metal. With sustainable energy winning so clearly, it's getting more expensive to corrupt polititians though. I never thought China would be a great example for this. Right now I'm working on financial time series modelling. I can't use numerical arrays because the model is not parallelizable. Also R / Mathematica are not good for these kind of stuff. I'm thinking of trying out Julia, as it's dynamic but still has a lot of interesting libraries, but for now I just decided with working with small data, so actually I don't have performance problems. It looks fun, but as I'm doing financial modelling right now, Julia may be a better fit for me, as it has very nice libraries as well. In Ruby it can easily be used to submit malicious source code to a repository (for example the reviewers thinking that a variable is set to some value, when in fact a new variable is created). Luckily the tor domain is not affected, so just more people need to learn about private browsing. At Google (while Amit was there) trained manual raters were very important part of determining whether a change should be launched or not (especially for relevance). I'm not sure how the process changed since he left, as I see much more wrong auto-corrections by Google. APL itself looks really really bad language with bad documentation, no real libraries, non-existent type system, bad function names, and I don't see any GPU programming support in it. In the family Matlab is still the best (It can do Monte Carlo simulation on the GPU, and has a great library for different distributions), but it's still much slower language than Julia generally. Not really, just thinking that an operation changes a variable when it in fact doesn't is enough to introduce a security vulnerability. In my view Rust 2018 showed how a modern (especially strongly typed) language should evolve. The fact that interoperability with Scala 2 as a feature request wasn't accepted means that it's better not to build upon Scala anything with long lasting value. I see, I didn't know about that, so sorry for what I wrote. I'd rather take it back, but I can't :) You can go to any bar on a vacation in Thailand and just ask for Marijuana. They wouldn't sell it so easily if there would be a death penalty. Anyways police is so corrupt you have to pay them sometimes even if you did nothing illegal (I was a jet ski scam victim, and went to the police...later I found out that I should have gone to the tourist police) Inside the Bitcoin ecosystem Mimblewimble is another important invention with a funny history. They started already a few weeks ago. But right now the calm days are starting. The next half year or more will be about people forgetting about Bitcoin. Investing is a great skill to have. Starting with understanding different asset types, their histories, modern portfolio theory, diversification, tail risks of all assets, how central banks and other banks work. I believe the market can be beaten, but you have to have more financial knowledge than the average retail investor. We can say both are important skillsets (two sides of the same coin), so I won't argue with you :) Also maybe beating the market is not that important, but I was making a mistake of accumulating cash without investing it when I was younger. I didn't have spending problems though as I was frugal in my life (though being too frugal was a problem in itself as well). I believe it was really true when Amazon was a small company that needed growth by word of mouth, just like Google by not being evil. When the companies get huge, word of mouth is not the best growth tactic anymore. I guess you're not doing a full sync. Here's an example of a person trying to do it: https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/37348/parity-fu... Were you passing --gcmode=archive --syncmode=full flags? If not, then it's just a light node. Here's an example: https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/issues/16237 ,,Seems like it does indeed proceed but very slowly. After 12 days on the 96gig ram machine I am finally at block 4732597... I will report back how long it takes to finish.'' You did a fast sync, not a real full sync (which verifies the transactions since the genesys block). This looks great, the book tries to focus only on the business logic part of cell biology. I wish it was expanded to a much bigger book. I'm not saying that it's completely bad, but with Bitcoin the devs work really hard to improve the software to make sure that the time for full resync doesn't grow too much, and that it can run on an average laptop that has SSD. The biggest problem with the fast sync is that sometimes when Ethereum node gets stuck, the devs just suggest to do a new fast sync, which - in my opinion - requires enourmous amount of trust in the developers. Hard forks also require a lot of trust, as old software can't be run side-by-side with new software to validate the blockchain. I see, the problem was that it's hard to find documentation about what's needed for an Ethereum full node. As I'm just running Bitcoin full node, I don't have any personal experience with it. I would prefer Mozilla finishing the Rust + GPU rewrite that is so promising, especially on mobile. But of course it's not my decision. I wouldn't say PayPal is nothing, although lot of people hate it, I always prefer paying with it than giving my credit card number to a new merchant. What's the most important for me is that Elon showed people that clean great electric cars are possible (and China already has a higher growth rate in electric cars than Tesla). I'm literally sick of the toxic air pollution that cars make, which is a problem I didn't have when I was younger. I don't think Peter Thiel would have given so much shares to Elon if he didn't think about X.com as a serious competitor. Peter still looks up to Elon for a reason. At the same time Elon is making huge mistakes and huge risks as well (and also has borderline lies that sometimes step over the border), so I'm not saying he's perfect, just the best we have right now. What you describe (and what Google does of course) is closer to the A* algorithm. It doesn't matter why the emergency drivers attacked. It's a hubris of Google Management that they think that they should be the ones who decide whether the victim (the driver) should pursue prosecution or not, and the company should help the driver in his decision, whatever it is. It was very sad to see that the forced arbitration case was handled only for sexual offences, Google management has too much power over employees when they are assaulted. I'm not sure about the laws in US, but the right thing to do would be to get the car towed by the police or the owner of the infrastructure. Also a warning sign about it is needed. I'm happy that 23andMe is using my data for drug research. I don't want companies to read my private messages, but drug companies are trying to fix things in me, and ask for a lot of money in return, which is more fair than what many other companies are doing. Machine learning / AI is generally better payed than web development, as it needs some statistics and math understanding. Also it's good to learn algorithms and data structures, as it's a very valuable skill for job interviews (and also it doesn't hurt to understand them). ,,It's also only by joining a successful startup early that you can get remarkably steep career trajectories, like Jeff Dean'' It's sad that Jeff Dean is the last example the article can give. When evaluating a startup as an investor, I see that while investors get great terms, employees get junk options. So until it changes, I'm just staying with big companies, thank you very much. After I implemented this and compared with just encoding the key with JSON, it turned out that JSON.stringify is so fast, that it's not really worth the effort. Aha, that's true. I wasn't using hash maps when I did this, but what you write makes sense. I agree with everything here, but the biggest problem with this article is that it's - unlike the book it's about - totally boring, doesn't include fact finding, and I can't imagine the writer really taking the time to clean it up and shorten it. I really tried to understand the reasoning within a limited time. Repeating something won't make it true. Most of the Bitcoin core developers were gerting lots of death threats during the blocksize ,,debate''. They blamed the devs for the price of Bitcoin not going up. Often I just wished that core devs stop reading all this and share more videos that I can learn from, but I understand that they couldn't. Why wouldn't she be ok with less money? Money over $10 million is just about power, you have all your needs met. She can get significantly more of course (probably few billions of dollars, why not?), but I don't think she cares about it that much. As MacKenzie went into the background when she wasn't needed anymore (which is not true for power hungry people), she doesn't look like the power hungry person. Sadly with the current asset prices to have a comfortable life in where her friends are, a nice house cost probably millions of dollars. I see, than it's maybe $100M that's mostly enough for that. What's important is that most of the money wouldn't get spent to buy things by Jeff or her. I like power, but I wouldn't go to background if I would be an Amazon cofounder. Another thing that's idiotic is that I can't even find ,,kitchen'' mentioned in the article about food on college campus. Without this top comment I wouldn't have understood the real problem. I mean why would I pay another company for breakfast when making an omlette with some vegetables is so easy? It takes for core developers years of great and conservative technical leadership to get to the point where I would trust them on the few points where a quick decision is needed. For example I'm glad that Luke came up with the idea of the segwit soft fork, but I will never forget his messing with Bitcoin Gentoo packages. The really huge problem would be if the digital signatures would have a weakness. I believe all the other parts of the protocol are simple enough to fix, but there's no mathematical guarantee that the discrete log problem in the Bitcoin elliptic curve is algorithmically hard, we just think it is, because it has the test of time. The HN title is very different from the real problem that the person had (using 1 account by multiple people at the same time, which of course is not allowed if he didn't pay for it). I see, thanks! Maybe a new blog entry with a link to the old topic would have been better to show that there's a real problem. Currently the main contender for replacing Bitcoin Script / adding a new option is Simplicity ( https://blockstream.com/simplicity.pdf ). Simplicity is a typed, combinator-based, functional language without loops and recursion, designed to be used for crypto-currencies and blockchain applications. It aims to improve upon existing crypto-currency languages, such as Bitcoin Script and Ethereum’s EVM, while avoiding some of the problems they face. Simplicity comes with formal denotational semantics defined in Coq, a popular, general purpose software proof assistant. Simplicity also includes operational semantics that are defined with an abstract machine that we call the Bit Machine. The Bit Machine is used as a tool for measuring the computational space and time resources needed to evaluate Simplicity programs. Owing to its Turing incompleteness, Simplicity is amenable to static analysis that can be used to derive upper bounds on the computational resources needed, prior to execution. While Turing incomplete, Simplicity can express any finitary function, which we believe is enough to build useful “smart contracts” for blockchain applications. Peter Thiel was specifically talking about people thinking that the businesses are similar, while they're not. AirBnB has a much higher network effect, because there's a huge difference in the listings, while I don't usually care which taxi company I use. ,,key stakeholders around the Ethereum community have determined that the best course of action will be to delay the planned Constantinople fork that would have occurred at block 7,080,000 on January 16, 2019'' Who are those key stakeholders? And what happens if they don't agree? It was actually a theoritical question...we all know that Ethereum governance at the end is 1 person (I don't want to say his name here, as the blog post didn't mention it). If you look at Bitcoin governance, there's no way a developer (or developer group) would be able to force any hard fork, which means that you can always use the old codebase to verify blocks and send money, and people will accept it. Backwards compatibility will stay with us for a long time. I'm not worried about software developers at all: taxation was already one of the main reason I didn't move to US from Switzerland (Swiss pension system is also amazing). I guess this would just mean even more innovators moving to Switzerland. ,,Even if mining uses clean power, it carries the opportunity cost of not using said power for greener purposes'' - This is totally stupid. By buying solar panels you're making them cheaper, not more expensive. At the same time of course I wish coal would be taxed more, so that people don't use it that much. I don't get the entitlement of people who try to interview with Google. The ROI of a few months (or in my case years) of preparation for a Google interview is huge. In Google you are supposed to work on things for a year before it comes to fruition (and you get promoted), but people are patient. Getting to know a few algorithms is like real work: you put in the effort and you get a nice paycheck at the end. There may be lot of problems with diversity in Facebook, but you can't really be harassed on Blind: it's all about getting real raw opinions. If you don't want that, don't use Blind. The issues of the people who are using blind to voice their opinions are at least as serious as the problems the woman who quit has. I understand that she felt harassed, but the point was not to hurt her, but to organize against her behaviour that others felt was too much. Also the article proved that Blind was needed: Facebook management was looking for the people and they could have got into trouble. Lies are a bad thing, but in this case if you read what people wrote she probably went too far and hurt people who had no other way to defend themselves, but to organize againt her. Also mass lies are hard to do with Blind, as you can't just register 100 users, there are real people working at big companirs behind each user, that's why I like it so much. What you say may be true, but there's a loophole for women that Google does specifically: at least in the Zurich office interns are 90% female. Also Google made a new category, called step interns (interns who are in the first years in university). They generally just need to be young, have good reviews, and this way they just need to get through 1 interview when they are converting to full time engineers. As for old people: don't even try, Google has a huge age bias. Why can't there be multiple victims? People don't just start attacking a person for fun. There's always a reason. You may not agree with me, but in my experience diversity initiatives are nowdays extremely aggressive. Let me guess: you are talking about types and type safety without learning type theory and type algebra. You are just throwing out 1 of the two basic building blocks of type algebra and sticking to your point even though everybody tells you how important it is. Anyways it's ok if you want to be Go specific, this is totally fine. You can bet that 2% will go up fast after a law like this would be passed. It makes a lot of sense actually. At least I see some interesting new original content now. I wish they would try to create less, but more expensive content. The superhero series are for example boring for me because they are cheaply produced (I usually watch them _just_ because of the animations). Having some tax that taxes 10m income is easy. Closing the tax loopholes (like bonuses payed) is extra hard. Are you working overtime? In this case you are making a choice even if it's unconcious. For me the biggest turning point was when I decided that I don't want to get promoted, I only want to make wealth by investing my money (even if it's less money). This frees up a lot of time and energy and simplifies life. This may be the case for many technologies, but clear wins that save lives get fast tracked. It just happened to CTX001. Also older researchers are doing self testing all the time, as they know that they don't have the time to go through regulations. https://www.investors.com/news/technology/crispr-vertex-gene... I'm really happy that the world is shifting from billionaires that just want more money to billionaires that understand that it doesn't mean anything if they don't finance solving the problem of dieing. I view all the polititians who have the power of advancing healthcare research but not doing it stupid. Personally I didn't do a lot of fun stuff (like riding motorcycle, extreme sports) to decrease probability of an accident, even though I'd love to (I'd tried them, loved doing them, but not doing them regurarly). As for cancer and heart disease, both are linked to aging or genetically inherited mutatations. Heart disease is a natural result of damages in the human body not being reversed. https://www.cell.com/fulltext/S0092-8674(00)80567-X A fun thing is that using a function at most once has a strong relationship with linear / unique type system. Of course it would have been even closer to the type system if he wrote that also variables should be used only once, but now Rust showed us how many advantages it can have. It would be also interesting if a function in Rust would have to be cloned to be used multiple times (as it's an expensive operation for inlining), but of course it would have UX disadvantages in the programming language. Bitcoin is at a point in valuation where a huge effort should be put into using formal verification: a bug can worth hundreds of billions of dollars. One problem is that it's already written in C++, which is a language with incredibly complex semantics for program verification (and now it's too hard to move away, so the C++ program has to be proven to be correct). The main blocker is what others have written as well: it's very hard to do the formal verification. If you look at lambda calculus where all values are encoded as functions, the difference between using a value multiple times and using a function multiple times goes away. I'm not a type system expert, but I'm sure some of the theories that work on unique types work on non-function values and function values at the same time. Cardano's proof of stake model has stronger assumptions than proof-of-work (if it wouldn't be the case, and the authors could prove it, they could work on improving Bitcoin itself...but I think they preferred to make money). New altcoins just don't solve the problem of increasing the security of Bitcoin. Schnorr signatures are are great example of not making the cryptographic assumptions stronger (actually making them weaker) while improving the scalability of the system. It looks interesting, but I believe even verifying 100-200 lines in the real Bitcoin consensus code is more useful. All the Bitcoin Core developers know that the Bitcoin implementation is a mess, but they understood that it's just not going away. As for Bitcoin script, there's a plan to upgrade it to Simplicity ( https://blockstream.com/simplicity.pdf ), but even then, the old code will stay (there's a concensus that there won't be any hard forks for a long time unless it's really needed). The last bug was in the caching code (a transaction could slip twice in a block which could lead to inflation), and it was something that only formal verification of inflation in the current code would catch. My biggest worry is with digital signatures in the Bitcoin blockchain: if there's a bug in it, it's over, building trust again is extremely hard. The problem is that there's no such thing as a formal specification when running C++ code, and I believe Coq runs too slow to be practical. We have Rust now as an alternative language, but it's too late to rewrite the consensus code, so we have to work with legacy code. You're right, bonds are globally extremely inflated. It's predictable that people are losing confidence in fiat currencies with such an asset bubble and without a country to escape to anymore. I was proud owner of CHF as an exception from other fiat currencies until it got pegged to EUR. Only? I lost enough money in 1 day that I lost my trust in the Swiss National Bank. I'm not complaining though, I started diversifying to other asset classes and easyly made it back, so I view it as a lesson learned. There are of course worse projects. He was just unlucky that the government made an example of him. Still, probably people in Chinese healthcare research will be more careful from now on probably. It's bad for exporters, great for everybody else in Switzerland. Anyways I didn't own any fiat since then, but of course living with the volatility of other assets have their downsides. I'll move back partly to fiat, as it still has its advantages. Multi-methods really are a lot of fun, but I'm missing the Trait system (instead of the object hierarchy) that makes Rust so modular. I know that there are some tries to put it into Julia, but none of them is well supported. Maybe it works great, but the syntax doesn't feel native to me, and I don't see it used in the standard library, which means that it's not embraced by the language developers. Great, thanks! At the same time Waymo put a lot of money into working with lidars, which helps Waymo to get to Level 4 faster, which is great, but it seems like on long term Elon is right that to get to L5 autonomous cars have to improve enough to be able to work only with cameras and microphone. John may not want to say this. Thiel doesn't have a moral high ground. Just look at how much he talks about the importance of making a monopoly for creating money. I respect him for not saying that he's making the world (or especially U.S.) a better place by going for government contracts. If you listened to the TGIFs made by Eric Schmidt 12 years ago, it was totally different. It looked like there's enough opportunities to make a lot of money without going to the war industry (I can't call defence what the U.S. is doing). What do you think ,,Don't be evil'' means? We (non-Americans) were all writing code and staying at Google in the late evenings, sometimes working on weekends because we really though that Google is different. Of course when 2008 happened, a lot of things changed, the optimism changed to being cautious and more frugal, which everybody understood. Since then Google changed it's motto, but the code and the network effect stayed with it. I see Vue as ,,Angular, the good parts.'' It's not that Angular is that bad, it's more that it was over-engineered (just like TensorFlow compared to pyTorch), but it was the best framework when it came out. Actually no, I didn't work in America, I worked in Switzerland, and worked for Google Switzerland, not that it matters. I was thinking of moving to US before I knew how much less people are payed there generally compared to Zurich, and how hard life is there compared to Switzerland in reality (it's very different compared to what I saw in American movies, but maybe that was my naivity :) ). US ,,defense'' department is killing a lot of people that have done nothing bad. It didn't kill people in my country (I'm lucky that my country joined the EU), but it could have. I'm generally against killing people, but I understand that it's part of the power play governments are doing. Still, I don't want to help it. About the pay: yes, you're right, they payed a lot. When I joined Google the first time in my life, I loved it so much, I would have worked for free, just to be able to read the design docs that weren't available back then, and learn from great people. Own things: I agree with this. The best way to own things is to leave Google/Facebook: What??? I know this is an entrepreneur blog, but what happened to the sentence ,,If you want to be rich don't start a startup''? Most of my friends who are rich are working (or worked) at Google/Facebook and just accumulated assets over time (until they had enough money to stop working). All you need is start accumulating assets as early as possible and get to 15-20x of your salary (at most 10 years if you're really frugal, more if not that frugal). Don't be afraid of not having much cash left if you have a stable job. Storing the Nazi gold was very bad, I agree. But many things that you are refering to as money laundering are just individual privacy rights strongly protected by the constitution that take priority over government needs (which I view as a great thing). Tax heaven: as I see taxes as generally not that well used, I'm happy that Switzerland's goal is not just simply to maximize taxes that it take from other people. What matters is total cost, which decreases. Shipping cost could be 0 at any time if the cost of the bike contains it. What's funny is that we had the same thing in Google Zurich about 10 years ago, and it created a centithread (thread with more than 100 emails) on the internal mailing list. The solution was allowing to be shoeless on the upper floors, but requiring shoes in the cafeteria. Working over 40 hours a week is bad for work-life balance, as the employee won't have enough time to spend his money, but it's a lie that it decreases productivity. The most productive people that I know work more than 40 hours, and I don't think they do it just because they are lazy / stupid. I know Goolgle had an internal experiment in one of the offices to try to stop people to work more than 40 hours, and productivity went down, so they reverted the experiment. For me I just decided that I won't overwork even if it means that I don't get promoted. Cool, please add Google Play link as I almost closed the web site after only seeing Apple store image. Internet? You know you wouldn't be able to take part in this debate without it. I wasn't able to read so many interesting things 20 years ago, and I was behind in everything because I wasn't born at the right place in the world. Not really, I had a friend at Nokia maintaining old code in a team. He was the go-to person for many years without getting promoted to even team leader position. I told him to learn some new language that's used in the company that can be used as a leverage to switch companies as well if he isn't getting promoted, and try to switch. 1 year later he's working on writing new application load balancers in go, and he's loving it, and getting more money for it, and he can easily switch to other company if he wants to. Of course the old team really misses him, but they didn't value him high enough, so they lost the best person on their team. Although I would prefer to not ever see Fortran code (as I don't know how to call into it easily, C implementations are easier to embed in any language), some numerical methods with simple code but heavy math are just not reimplemented too often. I believe the real value in Fortran is in these libraries that handle numerical edge cases as well. It would be much easier to move them to a newer language if they would contain unit tests, but they usually don't, so it's just not worth the risk sometimes. Is Fortran really the best language or it's just too hard to rewrite the code in C / Rust / Julia? I believe it's just easier to wrap it, as it contains tricky numerical edge cases that are too complex to understand for an average software programmer. Matmul is a very common operation, you get problems when you have more exotic computations. As an example where it got harder for me to find code is numerical CDF function approximation for bivariate / trivariate normal distributions. This is of course just my example, but I'm sure there are a lot of similar operations that are really hard to rewrite because the math is so complex. If it's so easy can you show me an example code for it? The speed doesn't matter, it's the algorithm that's important. Please make sure that you handle all the numerical instabilities, and show me the Julia code for binomial and trinomial normal CDF computation that is not using integration, but a fast, correct and precise approximation. Sure, it really depends a lot on the situation. Jumping around is just as bad as rotting in a place, but I wanted to share my example because it was a clear cut case when my friend tried everything to fix the local situation first. It's cool, thank you very much! I was looking at Distributions.jl when I was searching for it, but didn't find it there. Link to original article: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2019/01/iran-inches-closer-un... Compilation speed should be part of the benchmarks, as it's critical for WebASM. The best would be to use the Clang optimization setting with the most similar compilation speed to compare runtime speeds. As an example the article mentions suboptimal register allocation, but without compile time comparision there's no way to know if there really is a simple way to improve WebGL implementation. The real ethical question is not asked: should a driverless car be allowed on the street if it waits 10 minutes at the left turn while making a traffic jam? Real autonomous cars are already making real problems. I believe it's Waymo's job to take over the left turns if the waiting line is too long. Actually I'm really happy that I was informed from my young age that smoking decreases my life expectancy. I never smoked in my life (except once-twice for trying it out). I wish I knew this for air pollution as well, as I didn't care about it, and now I'm feeling the consequences every day. Just the fact that smoking can lead to cancer is a recent development that improved the lives of so many people, it's statistically significant in the average life expectancy of the human race. But to get here it took fight from many researchers, regulators and non-profit organizations. This has nothing to do with common sense. One more thing: have you seen the video of the child who's smoking at 2? Is he doing it because he's lacking common sense? Actually yes, it's really hard to write a test without mocking for an existing (non-pure) API. You know people need money for food and shelter, and sometimes to survive and feed your family you need to make tough choices /s Again as usual people were stealing lots of money (not just the banks), and they aren't even named, and they won't go to prison. These ,,charges'' are part of the cost of doing ,,business'' ‘I was framed by UBS’: Tom Hayes’ letters from prison Incarcerated former trader blames himself for trusting colleagues and superiors, laments his inability to push his side of the scandal in the press during the trial https://www.fnlondon.com/articles/i-was-framed-by-ubs-tom-ha... Trump was also speaking down on the stock market bubble and the inflated banking system...until he was elected. How good are you in algorithms? At the end interview performance is what really matters, not programming experience. You may day it's not fair, but it's at least a transparent process. The most important problem for me at living in a similar place was just one thing: lack of women. I was compensated for not having a girlfriend, as it is a scarce resource that a high salary can't buy. By looking back in my life to those years, it wasn't worth it. Average person with less intelligence is capable of doing the same thinking, just slower. I believe that the problem is that STEM classes aren't separated by the speed of thinking. Also easier for a person to accept that he/she just doesn't get math, instead of the fact that he/she is thinking slower than other people. I found myself thinking slower as I get older (and having more health problems), but so far I was able to counteract the disadvantages with better life decisions, so actually I have a happier life. The original naming of inflation meant inflating the money supply, but of course this is something.the central banks don't want people to talk about (and central banks arw tightly controlling what's taught in macroeconomy). From Wikipedia: Historically, rapid increases in the quantity of money or in the overall money supply have occurred in many different societies throughout history, changing with different forms of money used. For instance, when gold was used as currency, the government could collect gold coins, melt them down, mix them with other metals such as silver, copper, or lead, and reissue them at the same nominal value. By diluting the gold with other metals, the government could issue more coins without increasing the amount of gold used to make them. I don't care if a person uses a drug, as it doesn't affect my health. But tobacco smokers directly effect me. I'm a very slow CYP1A1 metabolizer, which means that my lungs are not able to detoxificate smoke / air pollution like most people, and it effects me probably much more than you. Also if smoking is generally prohibited somewhere, I can go there to speak with the person to stop smoking, and that's enough for me, I wouldn't care if people did it _inside_ their own home. It sounds interesting, it' s more likely the number of associations than working memory, as I always had very bad working and long term memory compared to other people, still I was the best in elementary class in math without any studying (of course this changed after I went to a school specialized in math). The worst thing in promoting their app is that I would gladly use it if it was faster than a web site, but it loads so much slower that it's just a much worse experience. Google realized that load times are critical 20 years ago. Facebook realized it when Google was launching G+. These settings look like something that's great for mobile phones. On mobile there's native GMail app, so this isn't a problem. That's cool, I have nothing against improving the experience of any site :) Also so much fun. Sometimes working alone is more productive than working in a team of 5 (8 is too much for me), but having 5 people in a room is the best way to learn from others and build something together while not slowing others down too much. Yes, Google transformed from an engineering driven organization to a tech driven one. Still, they want to make moneycin developing countries with crappy internet connections as well, so Google doesn't have any choice, it still has to look at latencies. The Modin project should work on merging the implementation to the original Pandas project, so that parallel / non-parallel algorithms could be mixed. Drop in replacements don't work, as they are not 100% compatible with the original project. I would prefer to pass an optional parallel=true parameter to some functions in the API, or have a configuration setting that can fall back to non-parallel implementation. This is a marketing article, but at least it's fun to read. Is this the fuzzing tool that was used to find bugs in Bitcoin? I don't see it in the repository. What are these living standards? Bay area is one of the worst places to find a girlfriend though, so if this is important for you, you need to move to a place with different supply/demand balance. I see, yes, that's something important to filter for. Also having a cleaning lady is critical when you're working at an office job. Anyways I have a girlfriend who is much more organized than me, and she happily does things after me as well (in return I bring her to restaurants all the time, and paying for everything in our lives, as I have much higher income). If you find a great partner, life gets easier.