I'm curious: what kind of computational challenge are we talking about? Does image recognition take 1 second on a smartphone, or 2 hours on a supercomputer? The JVM is multi-language only because the languages were specifically designed and/or modified to run on it. I'm wondering: how does this compare speed-wise to other real-world JITs. For example, node.js (V8). Are there any tricks used in your VM which are not used by V8, and conversely? The best test of a language is to see if you can write the compiler itself in the language (step 1) and also if you can write the runtime system in that language (step 2). IMHO, both are required for a language to be considered a good "systems language", and a worthy competitor of e.g. C++. I know that the Rust compiler is written in Rust (step 1), but I'm not sure about the runtime. You say that the runtime is disappearing. But, if LLVM is being used, then since it provides the JIT, I'd say it is a really big part of the runtime, actually. But what does a CPU running an idle virtual machine do? If you want to take the statistical approach, then you could also say that there exists a nonzero probability that it is not the case :) I'd rather see an OS and package manager that has a "functional" design (as in functional programming language, functional data structures). This would allow conflicting packages to be installed next to eachother in different branches of a functional filesystem. Wouldn't it be cool if there were a library that could build relational APIs for any problem (including an optimizing SQL compiler)... The problem I have with this is representation. One's brain cells are a certain representation (in other words implementation). Would the same consciousness be present with another representation (e.g., computers on the internet)? How about if we chose a completely different (nonsensical) representation, for example, at time instance t0 the brain is represented by grains of sand, then at t1, the brain is represented by e.g. the trees in a forest, then at t2, etc. My point is that you could ascribe consciousness to just about anything. Also, if the representation of brain cells produces a consciousness, would the (dual) representation of "NO brain cells" also produce a consciousness, and would they thus both exist at the same time or would they collapse into one consciousness? I believe the problem is not that we can't define the "experience of existence", because this phenomenon could exist entirely independently of our physical (scientific) reality. The problem is that there is an interaction between the experience of "I am aware" and the physical reality, for otherwise, we would not be discussing this topic here! This seems interesting. But I find it a bit unsatisfying that it can only be used as a package manager then. How about using this functional machinery, e.g., for a general build system? A "functional make" so to speak. And I bet there are plenty of other use cases. Why do taxes always have to be so artificial? The reason to have income tax is to have people who can afford it contribute to society. I can see how that is a good thing. The reason to introduce an internet tax is what? To only have people who make enough money use the internet? What kind of nonsense is that? Please, let us agree that whenever a new tax is introduced, it is justified. And perhaps lawmakers should ask system/OS programmers for help, because they actually can come up with good and fair rules to make complex interacting systems work as they should. The short answer: if the probability of a collision is smaller than the probability of a meteor landing on your head, then you're fine. Well, it still doesn't make much sense to me. The article speaks of an allocation rate of 400 MB/sec. However, AFAIK, a memory allocator takes time proportional to the number of allocations, NOT the total amount of memory allocated. Or does the "B" stand for block, and not byte somehow? Confused. This is nice. But I'm wondering, why do garbage collectors always have to be written from scratch for each project? Why can't we just have a library that does garbage collection, and does it well? Of course, the library should take a couple of parameters (such as the primitives to use for memory barriers, multithreading parameters etc.) I know of the Boehm collector, but it is conservative, so not appropriate for many projects. Also, I'd expect to find garbage collection (or supporting constructs) in the C++ standard by now, actually. I'm curious: what exactly makes a photon lose its entanglement? Is it an interaction with an atom (electron or nucleus)? If so, how can entangled photons even propagate through matter (fiber glass or the atmosphere) without becoming de-tangled? Or is this a special kind of interaction? > Immutable always returns itself when a mutation results in an identical collection, allowing for using === equality to determine if something has changed. But any smart equality-testing function would already include this. Cool video. But I don't get it really :S I just skimmed through the documentation and it says: > In return for this effort, we get powerful debugging tools Is this the primary purpose of this tool? Or is it the undo feature? Yes, I agree that there should be cooperation between the library and the compiler. But that is also the case for RAII, for example, where the compiler provides the primitives (through language design, e.g., constructors, destructors, copy constructors, etc.) which allow it to work. I'm just wondering why no such thing exists for garbage collection (yes, I'm aware that the interface would be much more complicated). Just wondering, if acceleration == gravity (equivalence principle), how would this be visualized in this model? The problem I always run into with reactive programming is that of glitches, and stuff being recomputed more often than necessary. Glitches can appear when, for example, two inputs of a certain "functional box" change almost at the same time. When input 1 changes, the output changes, and then when input 2 changes, the output changes again, thus resulting in lots of superfluous computation in the chain that follows this output. The nice part about reactive programming is intended to be that stuff gets recomputed incrementally, but in practice this often does not happen! > There is nothing in reactive programming that implies being incremental Yes there is. Because if it's not incremental, then you could replace any "reactive" program by one which just recomputes its outputs every time something changes, from scratch. Reactive programming solves this by only recomputing parts which change. PS: Thanks for the link, I'll look into it! Related and also very interesting: [1] [1] Ulrich Drepper, What Every Programmer Should Know About Memory, http://www.cs.bgu.ac.il/~os142/wiki.files/drepper-2007.pdf Does not work on chromium/linux? I think I'm having the exact reverse problem. My focus at work is very good, but I feel anxiety levels going up during the day. Drinking coffee sends my anxiety through the roof. Also I'm often so concentrated on things happening inside my head, that I forget to pay attention to the outside world. This is especially problematic when talking to other people (that talk slowly), or in traffic. Probably these symptoms are not so bad when compared to ADHD, but at times I just wish there was a (preferably natural) medicine to deal with this. It's interesting that the distinction between functional languages and imperative languages is not at all clear in the graph. This could be caused by the fact that the visualization technique used is not capable of showing this, or that there are simply too many types of edges (or because each type of edge is getting the same "importance" in the graph drawing algorithm). FreeBSD has reached the legal drinking age! Cheers! I just hope that they don't change their license model into just "free as in beer" :) And I hope they one day implement all kernel functions that Linux supports, so that switching from Linux to FreeBSD becomes less painful. I'm interested in Rust also. But I'm wondering, does it have these features, and to what extent? * coroutines * pure functional programming (enforcing it in an isolated subset of the code) * laziness * (clean) meta-programming * introspection * garbage collection Especially for stream-based programming (essential for internet applications), you'd need something like coroutines, to keep things manageable. I'm wondering if there is example code for a well-performing Rust-based web-server out there already. Also, how does Rust compare to other modern languages, like Scala? They forgot to include two things: * Performance on the native architecture * Performance on other browsers (Chrome/IE in particular) I agree with these points. There is at least one major flaw, though: asm.js can probably never be made into a truly multithreading platform (without becoming a really ugly hack), where I can see that happen for NaCl. This is a pity, because multithreading is something you need for making responsive applications (GUI not hanging when a computation occurs in the background). Yes, there's webworkers, but I don't consider them a multithreading solution, because they don't allow a shared address space for inter-thread communication (only message-passing). This can be detrimental for performance, because the "structural sharing" paradigm becomes useless. I think that a base-language without support for garbage collection would be preferable. The main advantage is that multithreading is easier to implement. (Any language built on top of this language could implement its own garbage collection, in principle.) Perhaps we should fix democracy before we try to fix capitalism. Wouldn't that require the use of threads, and hence be very expensive? > and capitalism in particular are not a zero-sum game Look at it this way. Money causes corporations to become powerful entities (through propaganda, lobbying, internal R&D, etc.), and this reinforces the loop. There is a selective component, in that competition leads to corporate casualties. In other words, capitalism causes agglutination of money. Hence, capitalism leads to some people becoming rich, and most people becoming poor (because they are now out of business). The effect will be directly noticeable to people here on HN when Google invents strong AI, and puts every programmer in the nation out of business :) Interesting! Yes, that would help a lot, but I'm not sure how growing heaps will be modeled then (are they allocated block by block?) And how is a growing heap communicated in practice between threads? Is every read-operation to be guarded by a check if the corresponding block is available in the current thread? > Mozilla: The First Browser Dedicated to Developers Is Coming But we need markup and scripting languages dedicated to developers... Also, I hope it doesn't get triggered by the neighbor's loud tv set. Frankly, I'm not sure if I'd be prepared to receive and deal with false positives even once a month, let alone once a day. I guess the allocator would be able to manage blocks so you could view them as a single heap. At least, that's how I'd like to deal with memory as a "user". However, a "pointer" then has two parts: first, it should point to the block, and second it should have the index within that block. A stored pointer (a pointer stored within the heap) then would need 2 lookups for a dereference (first, determine the block-number, look up the block from a small array, and then lookup the index within that block). This sounds a little convoluted to me. Shouldn't there be a simpler and more efficient way to deal with growing memory? What I'm wondering is what a pointer-dereference would look like. Is every pointer dereference in asm.js implemented by TWO dereferences (one to find the heap, and then one to find the index within the heap)? And are there mutexes (or other synchronization directives) used per dereference in a typical implementation? I guess the focus of this book is on computing rather than on the underlying math (statistics). Is the math of this book still up to date? I.e., are these the methods that are still used in practice? Space-scrolling doesn't work anyway, because when you're about to hit the bottom of the document, you don't know where to continue reading. If space-scrolling were smooth, this problem probably didn't exist. But still, in its current state, I'm not using it. How about games, where, e.g., sound effects have a maximum acceptable delay w.r.t. the physics that generates them? Why would you use multiple datastores? Isn't it much more difficult to atomically store data this way? Assume a transaction succeeds in store 1, and fails in store 2, you'd need to roll back the transaction in store 1 after it has committed (!) I just hope they don't make this public by default. I once made a wish-list on amazon, and it turned out to be public without me knowing it :S One unaddressed problem with estimates is: if the developers finish before the project is due according to the estimate, there is no motivation to start doing new work. How to solve this? Makes you wonder why MS doesn't just release a protocol that all cloud service providers can hook into... Carry a beacon (or a bunch of them) with you into a shop and the store will recognize you the next time you enter. That's handy! It's like a cookie that you physically bring every time. ~ Or, in other words, no thanks. What comes to mind is a generic "upload profile photo" for websites, where the system can automatically crop your uploaded photo. Or even just to check that it is a "valid" photo. Not sure how the gender/age info would be useful. That's the best I can come up with. My brain actually works best in the opposite direction (problem->solution) :) Indeed. And I suspect that a change in culture (or at least perception) could possibly be the best way to give science a boost. Next challenge: a fully compliant C++11 compiler written in 4 functions (1) Then , I'd be impressed :) (1) At maximum 500 lines per function, where each line is at most 200 characters long. Does it support collaborative editing? Also, is there a live demo to be found somewhere? Edit: Oh wait, I just found this: "Although Brackets is built in HTML/CSS/JS, it currently runs as a desktop application in a thin native shell, so that it can access your local files." Still, a demo would be nice. I suppose the "access local files" part is not strictly necessary. I wonder if it also works for voice synthesis. Indeed, the underlying OCR seems to need lots of work still. It's no wonder that the "reverse" operation results in such messy line art. The demo is nice, though. Skimming through the article, it seems to me that this server spawns a thread per connection, is that correct? What kind of programming technique did you use to implement the handling of the protocols? Did you implement them as finite-state machines, or did you use coroutines, or some other technique? Do you think that C++ is a well suited language for this kind of processing? Is it possible to say, now this project is in a mature state, that other languages (e.g. Rust) could have helped make your implementation simpler? Nice work. Very well explained. However, the main difficulty of building a browser engine is (IMHO) the fact that it should update the display incrementally whenever a change in the DOM-tree or the CSS occurs. That is, an update should cause a minimal (or close-to-minimal) number of (paint) operations to be performed. I'm looking forward to the discussion of this topic :) Erlang looks interesting. However, the only problem I have with starting in Erlang is that on the great computer language shootout, it shows that Erlang is about 10x slower than C++ on most examples. And about 3x slower than Go [1] I know that the problems on this website are not specifically "concurrent" problems, but still, even a distributed web-server must do some non-concurrent stuff at times :) Are my concerns correct/justified? [1] http://benchmarksgame.alioth.debian.org/u32q/benchmark.php?t... Edit: even Haskell seems to be about 7x faster than Erlang (according to [1]). Suddenly, Haskell looks like a good candidate for writing a distributed server :) Can somebody comment on this? Okay. But let's take the example of the C++ webserver framework written by Facebook employees, which was discussed here a few days ago, [1]. This project contains lots of protocol-handling logic for HTTP/1.1 and SPDY, and beneath that TLS. Are you saying that such projects are better written in a combination of Erlang and C/C++? [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8563199 Even if you don't implement it, it could be nice if you discussed it in abstract terms. That is describe the architecture, rather than write a complete implementation. IMHO, architecture is more important than implementation, especially when explaining things. Indeed. Functions like tls_connect and tls_connect_fds don't belong at this level. A TLS library should do only TLS, and behave like a black box, from which you pull data and into which you can push data (in a non-blocking way). Mixing in OS-related stuff only complicates the API. Want to read a horror story of a non-experimental drug that is still on the market today? Well, read this: [1] [1] http://www.pfsfoundation.org/ John Ousterhout is a professor who really did some amazing programming back in the 90s! Can't think of many people coming close in terms of productivity. > Which do you need sooner; fast? or correct and scalable? Well, if I need all of these options, then Erlang is obviously not the way to go. In that case, Erlang might work as a prototyping language. My impression is, from what I've read here, that Erlang might be the preferred tool for situations in which latency is not of paramount importance. For example, when sending text-messages over the internet, it doesn't hurt if the message takes 1 or 2 seconds longer to reach its destination. However, for a webserver, every second it takes longer to load a webpage means that you lose customers. Do you think that's a fair characterization? > 1) Optimizing for the most common use case My compiler is most commonly used together with an editor. Still I'm glad it didn't come with an editor built-in :) > 2) You can create file descriptors not backed by any actual network connection or file on the harddrive Indeed. It doesn't mean it is the preferred way to do it, from a code-quality or even performance point of view. > 2) Erlang is "fast"/scales, ask whatsapp But whatsapp is not a latency-critical application. > Loads are not reordered with other loads. Wonder why that guarantee is necessary. Loads have no side-effects (in the memory), after all. Ah yes, I understand it now. Took me some time to get myself thinking on that abstraction level again :) Thanks! I'm no expert but perhaps this symbolic engine could be something to build as a valgrind module. My main issue is that moderation and filtering of comments based on score could be much improved, or so it seems. Sometimes I just want to read the best rated comments of a story. How mature is Rust and its compiler actually at this moment? Is it in a state ready to replace C++? Edit: Also, I missed a good overview of features in one language and lacking in the other. In that respect, I find the wikipedia page [1] deeply broken, but that aside. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_programming_langu... How well does the optimizer perform? And do you often encounter nasty, hard to trace, bugs in the compiler output? Fair enough. This makes sense. What I'd like to know when learning a new language is: why can't this be done in an existing language? Take for example the R programming language. Things you do in this language can be perfectly well done in e.g. Python too. Same goes for the MATLAB language. This is an interesting showcase of lock-free programming. Thank you for this! However, I see the following concerns: 1. The code is so complicated that (imho) an actual formal proof would be needed to show that this actually works. 2. How portable is this? Will this work on other architectures than i86, which have different ordering guarantees? 3. This reduces the time for enqueueing and dequeueing by a factor of x, which is immense (near 100x or 1000x?), but we have to keep in mind that the code uses only a small fraction of total time spent by an application. Therefore, it would be nice to see that this reduction is worthwhile in a practical application. 4. The code for this queue is actually so large (2800 lines) that a large amount of cache memory is needed to keep this code in active memory, and keep it running as fast as it could. Again, thanks, this will be interesting to study. Imho the problem with C++ is that it has gained too much weight over the years. I think that other languages, for instance "Rust", will eventually fix everything that C++ is forced to do wrong (due to its legacy), and these new languages will become more and more attractive to use as a development language. Some things I personally hope will be added to C++ and/or Rust: - coroutines - lightweight threads - garbage collection (for high-level stuff) - a natural form of metaprogramming (not the convoluted approach taken by the boost libraries), i.e., active libraries that generate code based on given parameters - pure, lazy functional programming (language subset), e.g. for concurrent stuff - pattern matching I wonder if this list can be produced programmatically. I.e., a script that enters words in the search bar, looks at the result when pressing enter, and compares with the instant-search result. Then it could look for phrases of more words, etc. Note: you'd probably need either a lot of time or a botnet to run this script without getting blacklisted :) So let me get this straight. This project is going to define 1. A new computing model, similar to how combinators work. 2. A programming language which produces expressions involving these combinators. 3. An operating system built on the above. 4. A cloud computing environment built on the above. Sorry, but while interesting, this sounds a little too ambitious, even by HN standards :) And what is the reason why an existing language and compiler doesn't suffice for 1 and 2? For example, Haskell and GHC took decades to become what they are now (a powerful language and compiler). It seems quite wasteful to rebuild that work. If absolutely desired, Haskell can also be converted into combinator form, and vice versa, so why not use it? Seriously. When do you call a language "homoiconic" exactly? When it exposes its own AST (abstract syntax tree) structure? In that case, you can call any language homoiconic, whenever somebody builds a library that can transform a given AST back into executable code. I'm not sure if it is a very distinctive feature. But can you please explain why you couldn't use existing math (language and compiler) on the bottom layers (1 and 2) before replacing them by your own? That would help me understand the level of your ambition :) "If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life." -- Marc Anthony :) Just checked wikipedia [1], and found this critique: > D.A. Rees calls the Meditations "unendingly moving and inspiring", but does not offer them up as works of original philosophy. Bertrand Russell found them contradictory and inconsistent, evidence of a "tired age" where "even real goods lose their savour". Using Marcus as an example of greater Stoic philosophy, he found their ethical philosophy to contain an element of "sour grapes". "We can't be happy, but we can be good; let us therefore pretend that, so long as we are good, it doesn't matter being unhappy". Can anybody agree/disagree/comment? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meditations So, to understand what you are saying, is it true that in LISP, you can write a function F that can take any function object G, and turn it into an equivalent AST of G? Warning: philosophical comment. Lots of theories of everything these days. However, IMHO they all fail to address one fundamental point. And that is the issue of experiental consciousness, or, in other words, the fact that we experience that we are part of the universe. Why is this fundamental to any theory of physics? One could argue that it can be addressed as something which is outside the universe, like an external observer watching in. But the important point is: this cannot be true, for I, and a lot of other people, are discussing experiential consciousness: it "loops" back on physics, so to speak. It interacts with it. So, to me, it would seem that any "mechanic" theory of physics just can't be true, or rather, it can't be complete. The only ways out of this, that I can think of, would be: 1. Experiential consciousness to be only an illusion. But then the question is: why is this illusion necessary? Why would physics plug the idea into my memory of consciousness? (possible answer: because in the worlds in which physics does not do this, I would not be conscious, but this is a circular argument). And thus this would go against Occam's razor. 2. There is choice is the universe (the universe is tree-like or DAG-like, and an observer could take a preferred route). Not really a satisfying explanation either, imho. I thought of the "zombies" argument too. But I don't find it satisfying, because why would such zombies exist? It would go against Occam's razor. (Occam's razor does not offer a logical proof, but still has proven useful as a guidance). No, indeed. I came up with the "experiential" qualifier, because the term "consciousness" is highly overloaded indeed, and I do not know the generally accepted phrase. > In other words, it may be the case that physics, just like mathematics, cannot be both complete and consistent. Interesting line of thought. So if that premise (let's call it A) is true, then any theory that is both complete and consistent is ruled out. Therefore, we better found out if A is true (!) That's perhaps a more specific version of what I was saying before. I wonder how you come to that conclusion, because physics is not proven to be of "infinite complexity" (loose statement). Some things that we are used to from mathematics might not be true in physics. Take for example the fact that in mathematics the real numbers are uncountable. Now in reality (physics), the whole set of real numbers may not exist. It is only an abstract concept from mathematics. And while it may be possible to reproduce any real number in physics as some quantity, you are reproducing them as you go, making the "real" (physical) real numbers countable. Sigh, why do we even allow a company to build quasi monopolies like this? “While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.” ― Groucho Marx Does it have websocket support? Does it support multiple browser profiles? Can I easily switch between Gecko/IE 8,9,10/Webkit/etcetera? C++ is getting more complicated and hence less interesting every day. How is Rust solving this particular issue? I'd rather have a list of book-recommendations. And here I thought there was only 1 electron in the entire universe [1] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One-electron_universe This example shows once again that CSS is not a good declarative language: it provokes hacking. In this case, a hack has to be applied in every instance where this is needed. Instead, if CSS were developed by actual language designers, it would have been possible to write this as a modularized thing, completely hiding the actual implementation. As a nerd, I also had problems finding "normal" friends. Not anymore. How I solved this: - Enroll in a soccer team - Take tango dancing classes From there, it just went naturally. Of course, your situation might be different, but indeed staying alone at home doesn't help much. I wonder how they compute their text dimensions. Anybody else noticed how slow the canvas measureText() function is on Chrome? Look here [1] for a generalization of this idea. [1] http://www.umut-acar.org/self-adjusting-computation If this library can do text-measurements faster than the native canvas measureText() calls can do them, then that part of the library would be interesting to have by itself. That's one thing I know for sure. One difficult part of doing event triggered processing is in the progress reporting and keeping the code related to it simple. I wonder how they deal with that. Of course generators are completely unusable until other browsers start to support them. That is, unless you use a compiler to convert your generator code into more mundane javascript [1]. It would be nice to see these "emulated generators" in the comparison too. [1] https://facebook.github.io/regenerator/ But what about IE? > Writing code in a scalar language makes you rather like a general who gives orders to his troops by visiting each one and whispering in his ear. Well, actually, I use for-loops for that, thank you :) They should offer this to Kahn Academy. You are implying that if there are N troops, then I need to do O(N) amount of work to give them instructions. Not so. I only need to write down 2 lines of code: one line for the for-loop, and one line for the actual instruction(s). Personally, I prefer explicitness instead of increasing the amount of overloaded meaning of existing operators. Ffmpeg, while useful, is probably the software utility that has dumped core on me most of them all. I hope this project has better coding standards. > You give up a certain amount of security, but gain a lot of comfort. He who sacrifices security for comfort deserves neither :) Here is a personal anecdote. I recently tried to make a lambda function in C++ call itself. My first approach didn't work, because the variables were captured by reference, causing my program to crash (the enclosing scope had disappeared when my recursive lambda function was called). I easily tracked down that problem. But this generated a second problem: without using "capturing by reference", I couldn't make the lambda function refer to itself! Of course, I looked around on the internet, and I found [1], which actually shows the insane amount of hacking required to make a lambda function call itself. And in the end, this solution didn't even work for me. So, concluding, I think we're a long way from "functional programming in C++". [1] http://cpptruths.blogspot.nl/2013/10/creating-recursive-lamb... The Y combinator causes problems with typing (it has an infinite recursive type), so I'm curious what solution they came up with. In any case, if calling a lambda function from within itself is going to take more than a single line of straightforward code, then I'm afraid the solution still doesn't cut it for practical purposes. The lambda function was an event handler, that needed to add itself to the event loop under certain conditions (retry). Its parent scope is not persistent. You wouldn't need an actual keyboard, of course, because the glass could just watch where you're typing and convert that into keystrokes. Can somebody recommend a book that covers recent techniques implemented in LLVM? This is really cool, but I was hoping that they were going to formalize mathematics. For example, like this ([1]) team is doing. Mathematics should primarily read like code, not (only) like prose. [1] http://www.cs.ru.nl/~herman/FormMath.html Does anybody know of natural drugs against depression? So far I have only found lavender oil, sardines and chocolate to work. It would be nice if there was a resource that summarized the mechanical counterparts of these operations: - summing displacements - subtracting displacements - turning displacements into rotation - multiplying displacements by a constant factor - multiplying two displacements together etc. Using these primitives, any computation could be transformed into a mechanical device. One could even build a compiler for it! This compiler could take a program as input and a 3d-printable model as output. Happy coding! :) And how would this apply to hacking? Or entrepreneurship? The problem with coroutines in C and C++ is that you'll have to save the stack upon a yield, and restore it later. If only C or C++ added some stack barrier primitives to the language, coroutines could (I suspect) be added more naturally. Perhaps Rust could introduce this. That's nice, but why stop at being a package manager? Why not also replace the build tool (make et al.)? If all the functional machinery is in place, this would be perfect for a build tool. But when the coroutine continues running again, you need to have stack space. You'd probably then have to insert special stack-switching directives into the new stack to make it work. In any case, I think it is best to just precompute the stack-size beforehand (assuming there is no recursion), and otherwise check for stack-overflow in recursive calls (and reallocate space if necessary). Pre-allocating megabytes of stack for each running coroutine sounds like madness, and a disaster waiting to happen (also, why should my stack overflow at 1M calls, when I have 64GB of main memory?) My main problem with LaTex: it is not composable. Explanation: you can't plug a random piece of LaTeX inside a random container (environment or macro), without it being formatted completely wrong, or without it triggering all kinds of error messages. Composing objects hierarchically should be natural (easy), and the user should not be required to read tons of documentation for each case. I think HTML does a lot better in that respect (though it has its flaws too). > but so little reaches artists I might as well have stolen the music To paraphrase: "but so little reaches the boy who sewed my jeans that I might as well have stolen the pants." Yes, capitalism is messed up, but this doesn't mean we should start doing irrational things to clear our minds. > From my experience in the entertainment industry Well, from experience in the music industry, it seems that the person doing the hard work (the artist) most often is on the bad end of the deal, while all the middle-men are laughing their way to the bank. I'm just saying that analogies are not always to be relied upon. (Also, a 15-20% management fee is totally not reasonable, except if it is time-limited.) I'm wondering, how does PyPy compare to nodejs? How about Chromium? Are they switching too? Well, in any case they have a build system in place, I hope :) Which either defaults to using clang or gcc. It would have been nice to see NaCl in a side-by-side comparison with asm.js. > The general structure of a microservice is that it concurrently processes small requests from potentially many clients and keeps little to no internal state. So what is a microservice exactly? Is it just a piece of code that runs based on a trigger coming from the browser? And what is the main responsibility of the framework? Is it the routing of requests and responses to/from the actual microservices? Further questions that come to mind: (1) Are the results of microservices cached somehow? (2) Also, if a cached item is not longer required, is it automatically freed? (3) If the output of a running service is no longer required, is that service automatically stopped? Well, under your definition, just any piece of code could be a microservice... So not very enlightening yet :) This sounds very useful. One further question. Say a service A calls service B. And let's say service B needs several seconds to complete, and emits a progress indicator every second (I assume this is possible?) Will A be able to read these progress indicators also every second, and send its own progress indicator to its caller? You still need a way to step the voltage above 9 volts. A single capacitor doesn't cut it. Car analogy: what if your steering wheel was in a different location of your car every couple of weeks? :) > then I invite you to put monster truck tires on your smartcar and tell me how well that works That's why I prefer "active libraries" [1], i.e., libraries that can configure themselves based on the needs of a consumer application. Generic types can go a long way to keep things both flexible and efficient, but sometimes the best option is to have a library generate its own code. [1] http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.40.8... I use this tool a couple of times every week. I love this tool! And I must say I'm impressed by its ease of use (basically zero installation effort), and also by the frequent updates. (I wonder why those frequent updates are necessary, though. Are you under the impression that google is actively working against tools which attempt to download material from youtube?) I don't mind the declarator syntax in C so much. What I do mind is the way some things are implicitly converted. For example: in char buffer[10]; the name "buffer" is a pointer to the first element of the buffer. This always feels like a hack, because "buffer" is an array, not a pointer to an element. I'd rather write &buffer[0]. This also feels like a hack when the buffer is coincidentally of size 0, and buffer[0] does not exist. So I'm just left with the feeling that something is missing in the language. Interesting. Two questions: 1. Why only target this at the DOM? It seems to me that a reactive library could be useful for anything. 2. When a change occurs, is the subsequent chain-reaction performed in a performance-optimal way? > The short answer would be that the Phi might be the best choice in cases where you need to perform billions of energy efficient floating point operations on a working set small enough to fit in the cards RAM I'm confused by this. You previously stated that memory bandwidth on the Phi is 10x as high as on the FX-9590. Based on this, I would say that the Phi would be better suited at jobs which require lots of data that doesn't fit in main memory. I hope they also modify their build process a little. Right now, when you want to build V8, it automatically downloads all the tools it depends on. This makes it difficult to store one particular version of the library and all the tools it depends on. I love 1986 computing too! Everything was so simple. Just a single thread of execution to worry about. Then again, Javascript is also single-threaded essentially. Thus, from another point of view it looks like we're stuck in the 80s... I didn't read the article. But I wonder, since Rust uses LLVM, isn't the PSP platform a compiler target automatically? And if not (I suspect it could have something to do with kernel-specific stuff), then shouldn't there be some intermediate kernel-API translator that would make the process of porting the compiler more easy? If you're thinking about what is the culprit here, then consider that the whole of our economic system is flawed, because capitalism encourages the creation of addictive goods. It is the world we live in that transforms us into addicts. True. But while most forms of narcissism, depending on your view, are innocent, the problem with this particular form of narcissism is that it is a burden on the environment. True. But while most forms of narcissism, depending on your view, are relatively innocent, the problem with this particular form of narcissism is that it is an ecological disaster in progress. I just hope it also works for pen-tablets, where the "pointer" can suddenly jump from one location to the next when the pen comes near the surface of the tablet. > An honest question to those of you who feel the urge to defend your favourite company from all accusations, what makes you do so? Whatever psychological mechanism it is, I'm sure these companies are abusing it (or would if they could). Speaking of memory mapped files: how easy is it to allocate and store various data structures into mmapped files in languages such as C, C++, Rust, etc.? If it is difficult, then why is this the case? Are languages lacking in this respect? isn't this simply solved by functional languages that support pattern matching? well, the problem is that the mmapped file is based at a different address every time you mmap it. (in realistic situations, and the general case) thus, every pointer dereference needs a base address. how is the support for this? Interesting. It would also be a nice exercise to implement all of the internet RFCs, such as an email server, etcetera in Haskell. That's still a bit lacking. And it would be very useful if it existed, IMHO. I'm intoxicating myself every day, starting when I take my first sip of coffee :) The reality distortion field of caffeine is very strong :) If you wrote down the number Pi in hexadecimal, I conjecture that any possible 40-digit sequence would appear in there somewhere. Indeed, how could it possibly be illegal to share pieces of Pi? :) It also involves offsetting the pointer with the beginning of the mmapped area. And this gets really cumbersome if you have to do it for every pointer dereference. Basically all standard libraries are immediately unusable if the language does not provide support for this operation. For example, try storing a C++ std::map inside an mmapped file. Practically not possible AFAIK. I wonder if AirBnB's businessmodel can stand up against the same test. It seems to me that we should not make the problem more complicated than necessary. If you're debugging code written in Javascript, you may assume that the JIT optimizer is correct. If you need special features enabled (such as stack traces, etc.), then just pepper the code that enters the JIT with logging instructions, etc. There should never be a need to completely disable the JIT optimizer, except perhaps to debug the JIT itself. Things happening out of order should never be observable. So this should not be an issue. > The issue with a game like Magic is that you can play perfectly and still lose. This may also hold for chess. I wonder what his 4 letter personality type is. Why is this new law only limited to news, and not to random things put on HTTP pages in general (which could also be regarded as a news publication)? Interesting. It appears they have done a quite thorough analysis on the data. But of course there are standard techniques for statistical classification from the mathematical community. It would be nice if somebody wrote a classifier for this problem. what are alternatives to mutexes? I find them a software engineering disaster waiting to happen. What about Rust vs. Go? Well, P and V are considered harmful (pun intended). Systems using these operations are in general not "composable". In other words, it is usually not possible to compose two software systems using semaphores and/or mutexes, without rewriting these systems somehow. Alternatives exist. For example: message passing, and STM (software transactional memory). Anybody know of other alternatives? Some things that are missing (at least from the docs): - multithreaded logging (show thread ID with each line) - nesting (e.g. indent logged lines when entering a scope) - logging of values other than strings (mentioned already) - storing the results in a separate file (rather than outputting to stderr) Also, the documentation is too terse. And, what is that lambda symbol doing in the output? The word "framework" should always raise flags, because it implies a coding universe that is unfriendly to external software, thus hampering composability. It would make more sense to me if the universe was built from precisely nothing. Thus everything around us would be merely abstract, but because we are part of it, we experience it as being real, or tangible. The fact that multiple beings live in this abstraction is of course also an illusion, for we are all one. No, my remark does not give any useful explanations. The main point is that if we start thinking about how our universe could come into existence from absolutely nothing, we could reach a model for it more quickly than by "just" matching theories to experimental outcomes. Think bottom up, instead of top down. You may still want to write the BNF for your language for documentation purposes. Also, you could use yacc to see if it contains ambiguities. We certainly don't want languages with hidden ambiguities, which are resolved in different ways in different implementations. Has anybody here used Elkhound [1]? How does it compare to e.g. ANTLR? Also, why do parser generators always have to be so language specific? [1] http://scottmcpeak.com/elkhound/ > Elkhound is a parser generator, similar to Bison. The parsers it generates use the Generalized LR (GLR) parsing algorithm. GLR works with any context-free grammar, whereas LR parsers (such as Bison) require grammars to be LALR(1). Can anybody explain in simple terms how Rust can manage cycled memory, without a garbage collector? I'm sorry to say this, but pr0n is the only thing a technology needs to get really big. So indeed. Solution: store them in an analog format as well... How scalable is Node these days, considering that javascript has no real multi-threading support, and most of the things you do for a user in Node are thus blocking other users? I know it is possible to run things in different processes, but it seems to me that this is kind of a hassle (like a workaround). Also interesting: [1] > Raft is a consensus algorithm that is designed to be easy to understand. It's equivalent to Paxos in fault-tolerance and performance. The difference is that it's decomposed into relatively independent subproblems, and it cleanly addresses all major pieces needed for practical systems. We hope Raft will make consensus available to a wider audience, and that this wider audience will be able to develop a variety of higher quality consensus-based systems than are available today. [1] https://raftconsensus.github.io/ It seems to me that he left out a couple of "if it is possible to exist" clauses here and there. It's the same as in the real world. E.g., even if you wear a burqa, you can still be tracked by the color of your sandals, the speed by which you move, the perfume that you use, etc. Hence, the problem is probably best attacked by making appropriate laws that prohibit use of tracking information. Human brains also deceive us into believing we are distinct entities, whereas in reality the universe is probably a single entity. And while you are servicing a nonblocking request, you are effectively blocking other users, because the CPU can do one thing at a time. That is the main pitfall of asynchronous programming as opposed to multithreaded programming. I'm not sure that OO-ness is a desired property. Alexander Stepanov, original creator of the STL: "I find OOP technically unsound. It attempts to decompose the world in terms of interfaces that vary on a single type. To deal with the real problems you need multisorted algebras - families of interfaces that span multiple types. I find OOP philosophically unsound. It claims that everything is an object. Even if it is true it is not very interesting - saying that everything is an object is saying nothing at all. I find OOP methodologically wrong. It starts with classes. It is as if mathematicians would start with axioms. You do not start with axioms - you start with proofs. Only when you have found a bunch of related proofs, can you come up with axioms. You end with axioms. The same thing is true in programming: you have to start with interesting algorithms. Only when you understand them well, can you come up with an interface that will let them work." More discussion: http://www.quora.com/Was-object-oriented-programming-a-failu... But what if your tasks need to talk to other systems, that may use mutexes to control concurrent access. In that case, your HTTP request handling logic will just block on those mutexes, and all is lost, since the event loop will be stuck. Now, you could of course rewrite those 3rd-party systems to use your event-loop instead of plain mutexes, but the point is that threads are a more natural fit for multiprocessing, from a software-engineering point of view, because they allow one to compose systems more easily. In other words, threads have been invented for a reason. Otherwise, we might as well just go back to the Windows 3.11 era, with its cooperative multitasking model. > If nacl picks up that your new CPU has some advanced instructions, it will use them, resulting in a library that won’t work on older CPUs. It’s hard to ship binaries when you’re uncertain of what CPUs they will run on. Uhm.. What? Isn't this going exactly against all that nacl was ever designed for? Also, why can't instructions for one CPU be translated/compiled to instructions suitable for another CPU? > Software engineers should write because it promotes many of the same skills required in programming. The problem with writing is that you usually do it by serializing your thoughts in one go. Programming on the other hand is an activity where you almost randomly jump from one point to the other. > Code and essays have a lot more in common. What I hate about writing prose, is that you are expected to use synonyms all over the place. If you use the same word in two subsequent sentences, this is considered "bad". With programming, I have no such problem. I see no biotech projects. Kind of strange, because it is a hot field, possibly the next big thing. Actually, many of these arguments apply to a lot of other companies too; small ones like AirBnB, but also big ones like Google and Apple. The problem with scientific software is that the market is so small. It is far more profitable to just write mainstream software. As someone interested in functional programming and compilers, I recently tried to use GHC's intermediate output. However, I got a little disappointed about the documentation that's available for compiler writers. From what is essentially a research compiler, I'd expected a little higher standards, also in the department of available tools, and examples. In other words, the experience came too close to what I would call "hacking". Furthermore, the "Core" language is, I believe, for many purposes, more complicated than necessary (e.g., it is typed). It would be nice if there were a simpler alternative, e.g., for small projects. Of course, I could be wrong about this (perhaps I looked in the wrong places), but this is just what I noticed. Besides this, of course, Haskell is a cool language, and GHC an awesome compiler! :) I agree that the number of potential users for this particular use of GHC is small. But as with everything, it are the small groups of people that produce the most interesting things ;) I don't think an external format (serialized Core) is even necessary. Just a well-documented API would be nice. I'm hoping that somebody could write a set of examples, and put those in a test-suite so that it keeps getting updated whenever something breaks it. I also agree that typing is extremely useful. But for small research projects, it can get in the way of the actual goal. Is that really necessary? I mean, we have JIT compilers nowadays, and they all produce native code at runtime, without such tricks. Why not write a rich-text editor instead? Or a webbrowser? Seriously. They seem like more interesting endeavours to me. Especially if you document every step of the way. In fact, you could write a book about it. "Ideas are more important than code" -- Unknown Therefore, I'd rather have a sketchbook for ideas :) I would be mostly interested in reading the Core or STG representation, so I can apply transformations to them. Of course, it would also be nice to generate intermediate code from scratch, but that is something which is not forming an obstruction at this point (as it would be easy to just generate Haskell code instead). I'm not looking for high-performance solutions, just some tools to make researching new ideas a little simpler. To give you some idea about the things I'd like to do: * Transforming programs into "incremental programs", so they run faster on changing inputs. * Automatically translating functional data-structures to other languages (C++) * Sending code over the network I tried using the GHC parser directly, but that route turned out to be too much work (too many cases to handle). Then I looked at Core, but the documentation was lacking or not up to date. So, from where I stand, the internal documentation is the biggest problem, and, according to good software engineering practices, there can be no excuse for having no good internal documentation :) Besides just plain documentation, a tutorial with examples would be nice, but I can understand if that is not a priority. Anyway, keep up the good work :) I'm happy with GHC as it is. I just wished it was a little more "open". This part of the article really says it all: > There is just one little snag… The limits of analogies …When pushed too far, analogies break down. I knew nothing about Kant's imperative before I read this, still I thought almost exactly the same thing. I say it's a good thing we can vote with our adblockers. “While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.” ― Groucho Marx Could this also be used as a viable technique to approach auto-immune diseases like Sjogren's? So there are two options. Either your future self is a stranger from your present self, OR, your future self "is equal" to your present self. However, there's an equivalence principle lurking here. Because if you choose the second option, then someone else could be equal to your present self. And transitively, somebody else from the past could be equal to your present self. In fact, all living creatures from the past and the future would be equal to your present self. I find it, above all, baffling that since k&r, we still write language specs in prose, rather than in a formal language... What baffles me is this: Why does such a (conceptually) simple thing require such a hairy implementation? Nice, but why do mathematicians always overload their symbols? For example, on page 2, the right-arrow already has two meanings! This isn't making things much clearer. High performance, makes me wonder how it deals with the GIL (global interpreter lock). There are lots of things a mathematician can do to avoid overloading. Use colors, use boldface, use special markers to make the symbols slightly different. Or, using computers, provide mouse-over information. I agree that sometimes overloading can be useful, but imho when learning new stuff, it complicates matters more than necessary.