I thought Hackers News was not supposed to turn into Reddit. A $100/month dedicated server probably doesn't have RAID 10 or other server-class features, but it will probably have more CPU capacity than a $100/month VPS. As virtualization software improves, I expect the advantages of VPSes to increase. If anyone knows of a particularly good provider, I'm willing to add it to the database. I just added Prgmr.com since they appear to be cheap and hacker-friendly. They solved a hardware problem (the centralized crossbar), but it's not clear what progress they have made on software scalability. BTW, I thought the Ars article was better. They say it is secure because all your traffic flows through their server in the clear but they don't look at it. It's refreshingly honest that the site admits this. But GotoSSH isn't as secure as regular SSH and it probably is not as secure as it could be (e.g. a Flash SSH client that implements the SSH protocol on the client side). But since security doesn't matter in Web 2.0 (can I borrow your Google password for a minute?), this looks like a great service. Are you talking about scaling from 1/10 of a server to 1 server, or from 1 to 10 servers, or from 10 to 1000 servers? I was turned off by 3Tera/TheGridLayer because their sites are all marketing, no tech. But I just discovered the docs ( http://doc.3tera.net/AppLogic2/WebHome.html ), so now it's possible to size up their system without some salesperson sizing up my wallet first. TGL's prices for individual VPSes do not look competitive and the starting price of $4000/month for a virtual datacenter is pretty spicy. Previous VPS discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=43949 Most providers do not mention scalability or upgrades on their sites, so maybe it is worth paying more to MT for scalability. Of course, the nodes in an actual supercomputer can send data to each other faster than 384 kbps. Yikes, where to start. "Databases store data to disk. Thats all what 90% of us use them for. They are essentially elaborate hash tables backed by a disk drive." Sure, if you don't need indices or transactions. "a disk failure is still a major disaster. Even if you have backups, even if you have replication, there will be downtime and manual labor while a new master server is established." If you use a dual-port, dual-controller RAID 10 with hot spares, you'll never even notice a disk failure. (No wonder the SmugMug people are so smug.) But I admit replication is a great solution for people who consider their time to be a sunk cost. "Databases never put your 10-20 commodity server boxes with all their spare disk space to use." At least this is true (for now). Given that Web 2.0ers apparently don't care about most database features anyway, maybe HBase will solve this problem. This isn't all that paranoid; Adobe's business model for Flash is similar, although they haven't attacked Red5 yet. A few companies are working on that, but I don't think the results will be free. http://rightscale.com/ http://www.enomalism.com/ A purely negative article tends to give that impression. What's the alternative? Brands likes to mention how perfect Credentica is, but it isn't deployed anywhere. OpenID may turn out to be the worst identity protocol, except for all the others that have been tried. What really perplexes me are the sites that still use FTP for serving large files, as if FTP is better than HTTP for that purpose. I don't know if we should be happy; according to Groklaw the bankruptcy filing will put the Novell and IBM lawsuits on hold, moving SCO's day of reckoning even further into the future. Please, whatever you do, don't host the video on YouTube. (Ahem, Wesabe.) To me, nothing says "I love compression artifacts" and "I can't afford to host my own site" more than YouTube. As for software, check out these (which I have not used): http://www.varasoftware.com/products/wirecast/ http://www.adobe.com/products/visualcommunicator/ I liked the idea of Snapz Pro until I discovered how difficult it is to edit footage losslessly. For our last screencast at the office I think we used Camtasia. My guess is that Google never wanted to build a wireless network; instead they want a telco (who already has towers) to be tricked/forced to build a network that suits Google. In this case we're really talking about configuration isolation. If you're running a database and a Web server on one machine and then want to move them onto separate machines, you have to untangle and move the config files. But if they're separate VMs from the start, then there's nothing to untangle. YouTube doesn't do any live streaming AFAIK. But RAM can be substantially larger than 4GB these days. The local storage is persistent until Amazon shuts down the virtual machine whenever they want . (They say that it only happens due to hardware failures or EC2 platform upgrades, but you have no control over those events.) I haven't used EC2, but the complexity would worry me if I was on a schedule. If you only have a few months of runway and you spend most of them sharpening your EC2 tools rather than coding features you could be doomed. But Rhino has nothing to do with browsers. If you want cached, compiled JavaScript, try Flash Player 9. But I am equally sure that EC2 does not oversell CPU/RAM resources and does not move VMs around. I don't think Xen even supports memory overcommit. Looking at the new user interface, at first I thought this was a Web app. There's also some visible influence from Lightroom. FUD isn't supposed to be specific. And for slides there's the Beamer class: http://latex-beamer.sourceforge.net/ (If MS Office/OpenOffice is "office 1.0" and GDocs/Buzzword/Sliderocket is "office 2.0", then what is LaTeX?) "Once we've killed backing up in favor for keeping our files in the cloud, the next step will be keeping those files out of silos." I'd prefer to do those in the reverse order. I didn't go to the talk, but from the slides I got the impression that if you're the next Twitter you'll find it cheaper to build your own datacenter than to rent from Joyent. I don't know if this is true, though. Beware; this thing almost locked my browser. A good idea for Google, Yahoo, and Amazon, since students will come out of college already trained on their infrastructure. It's also notable that Google is somewhat endorsing Hadoop. This looks more like using a new rendering engine as an excuse to develop a new programming language. Which doesn't sound too unreasonable, but if that's the goal ROC should be upfront about it. Presumably the parallel browser would be faster and maybe even BeOS-smooth. It's not clear that this is enough justification for a new browser. It's more like 1/10 of DRAM speed, which is still awesome. Isn't this essentially SesameVault? http://www.sesamevault.com/ I suspect it's irrelevant, since when given a choice between paying one cent to host HD video and free craptastic YouTube, most people would choose YouTube. One obvious use is to see a book in a real bookstore, then immediately buy it cheaper online. Maybe you could even use the phone's camera to scan the UPC code. :-) This article doesn't define scaling. It's clear enough from context, but it should be pointed out that price scaling and performance scaling are different. In fact, once you substitute "reduce $/GB over time" for "scale", the article becomes totally obvious. In other news, All Processors Should Follow Moore's Law (because if you don't, you'll go out of business). Obviously people won't use it as temp space; they'll use it to store databases and replicate them on multiple instances for reliability. Yes, it looks like Amazon has been solving the easy problems (paid AMIs, bigger instances) first, while the hard problems will be addressed later. But given that it took a year or so to add large instances, I wonder when load balancing and storage will be improved. Except the open source model doesn't support SaaS very well, so if all software becomes SaaS then open source becomes much less relevant. I think you're supposed to trust the commons. The commons can do no wrong. I noticed that the iPhone is the only mobile device listed on the support page. OTOH, if Googlers are forced to use Gmail internally, I'm not sure how they lived this long without IMAP. Usually there is a choice between proprietary "pre-standard" products that come out pretty quickly or standards-based products that take years to arrive. This allows customers to make the time-to-market vs. lock-in tradeoff. Doesn't Xen already come with tools to create VMs? If you find them too hard to use, maybe try Fedora's virt-manager. Honestly, what's the benefit of Scribd over a simple HTML page for a document like this? Wasn't "utility computing" good enough? Why do we need to rename it to "HaaS"? Sorry, you're in the wrong decade; the OODB people are now working on XMLDBs (or sometimes RDF triple stores). So when does "peak SQL" kick in? I think you should use a descriptive title. I don't see anything obviously wrong with these APIs, but they don't live up to the hype about "opening social networks". OpenSocial does nothing to break down the identity silos and their network effects. Classful addressing? Fail. No Hilbert curves? Fail. :-) Maybe you should post this again after there's something to see. Introducing vapor won't get you much cred here. Symbian is seriously threatened by Android; even if Android isn't very good some handset makers may switch to it simply to avoid Symbian licensing costs. AFAIK Symbian has no other business to fall back on. The problem is that if a protocol allows bad implementations, then even the good implementations have to invest effort to interoperate with the losers. Bram doesn't have the patience to deal with losers. This article is one big troll. Virtually no technical details about Android are known, yet an antivirus company is spreading FUD about malware? I'm sure they have only the users' best interests in mind... Crazy expensive. Too bad we have no technical details about BD+ or the alleged crack, so it's hard to know what's true and what's spin. You don't need a Google source to recognize a patent troll. Honestly, I don't know why the media even bothers to cover these stories; there seem to be more of them every week and they're virtually all irrelevant. Come on, give us a link or something. Many of the Android libraries are written in C, so if they had a stable API/ABI then portable native apps could be written. It would be merely expensive. That must be some PC; the fastest 7200 RPM disk can transfer 100MB/s. There is an engineering tradeoff here; doing I/O in multiple threads introduces seeks, but it simplifies the code dramatically. Using one thread for I/O will introduce data copies and locking for the work queue. This situation is hardly new; Dalvik is (unsurprisingly) similar to the Danger VM and a few other unlicensed embedded pseudo-Java VMs. (Blast from the past: http://www.networkworld.com/news/0323sun.html ) I disagree with the analysis about patents. Dalvik has Java semantics and probably infringes several Sun patents. But all software these days infringes patents; who cares. IMO this misses the point of Time Machine. 1. Time Machine is easy to use. 2. Time Machine doesn't grind your disk as much as rsync because it uses FSEvents. 3. Time Machine backups are faster and use less space because HFS+ allows hardlinks to directories. This is the poorest PowerPC history article I've ever seen, and in addition the author displays a great misunderstanding of computer architecture. "Bezos explains that it's only fair to charge less for e-books because you can't give them as gifts, and due to restrictive antipiracy software, you can't lend them out or resell them." Wow, someone in the DRM business admitted that DRM subtracts value. Wasn't that called J2EE? :-) The problem with forcing apps to be written in Java/dex bytecode is that you can go higher-level (Python/Ruby/Scala/etc.) but you can't go lower-level (C/asm). So if you want to add any new audio/video codecs, they are guaranteed to be much slower than the built-in codecs. If you want to write your own browser it has to be in bytecode, while the built-in WebKit browser is native code. But Android phones may allow native apps; we really don't know at this point. Wow, that must be some good hosting if you have to get an invitation for the privilege of paying for it. This sounds like a waste of time. PDF and Acrobat are suffering from serious feature bloat (3D? JavaScript?), so copying that bloat won't excite many users. It also displays the FSF's habit of trying to replace existing open source projects that have been under development for years (GNUTLS and Gnash come to mind). Haven't you heard? Performance doesn't matter; it's all about scalability these days. After all, what's the difference between 100 servers and 200 servers? VMware Server is free, so there's almost no tax on virtual appliances now. Another interesting quote from the same message: "repeat after me: client = flash in the browser, server = erlang. Intermediate protocol = flash AMF" Now that's opinionated software. Perhaps a better title would be "we can't stop people from cloning our platform, so we might as well embrace it". I have to wonder if anyone will actually pay to clone Facebook's API, though. Finally Adobe admits that AMF3 isn't a secret -- months after it was reverse-engineered. I wonder if they'll also decide to "open" RTMP after RTMPE comes out. It sounds like SimpleDB runs on EC2, meaning it can't do anything that you couldn't build yourself on EC2. If you replicate data across enough EC2 nodes you can get durability (at the cost of complexity and high MTTR). IMO it doesn't make sense for SimpleDB to be billed like EC2. An EC2 instance is using resources even when it's idle, so Amazon has to bill for that. Because SimpleDB is (presumably) fine-grained multi-tenant, it should only bill for the time consumed by query execution. It would have been clearer if Amazon priced it at 0.0000000388 dollars per millisecond or something, but then people might scratch their heads over rounding errors. The C10K page is historical; it's about 5 years old. Now that the Web serving problem has been solved there's not much point in updating the page. Poppler already exists if that's what you want. The point is that more processor speed expands your possibilities only if you are smart enough to actually use it . Lazy (dare I say "blub") programmers are being left in the dust. (Of course, this isn't the first time some programmers have resisted change. I remember a great rant about how if you program in assembly and never hit in the cache, the Pentium 4 was no faster than the Pentium III and thus useless. That guy probably quit programming entirely when multicore arrived.) No, Jumpbox provides virtual appliances (i.e. they run in VMware) while these are regular packages. Oh my, relocatable self-contained binary software packages! What will they think of next? What is it about open source culture that prevents the upstream developers from providing working packages? Reading the comments, it's not actually written in Forth. This article is old and the chip is useless; it's virtually impossible to program. Static content faster than dynamic content - YouTube at 11! I guess the real story here is that many people have become so accustomed to using dynamic techniques (with the added benefit of no caching whatsoever) and/or the world's slowest Web server software to serve essentially static content, that they don't even see the overhead. I've long wondered why GrandCentral doesn't offer this feature; it sounds like a good fit. As for TossableDigits, it looks like a feature masquerading as a company. Performance? Deployment? Enterprisey marketing BS? Not really. Android's VM has Java semantics and should be able to run any Java bytecode, including JRuby, Jython, Rhino, etc. The contest requirement to use Java may just be an oversight on Google's part. JVM-based dynamic languages may not execute very fast on a phone, though. IMO the real story is not that Ning has porn but that several blogs decided to write scaremongering posts about it. One app server and one DB server counts as "scaling" now? The wireless industry doesn't look very blown up to me; in fact, the iPhone appears to be a step back since it is only available on one carrier, while most other phones are non-exclusive. The results of a programming aptitude test might be useful for students, though. It could save them the effort of enrolling in CS, failing the classes, then switching to a different major. The developers are probably not getting much money, if last year is any guide. http://daringfireball.net/2006/12/iniquities_of_the_selfish Linux-VServer is an odd choice, since it appears to be less actively maintained and less popular than OpenVZ/Virtuozzo. Yeah, I'm not outraged over it either. I suspect that MacHeist and the participating developers never anticipated selling as many copies as they did, so they didn't consider that MacHeist might walk away with most of the money. Since this is the second year, developers are probably a little smarter in their negotiations. I think it's worth discussing since "how to not get ripped off while starting your business" is a popular topic here on YC. A few developers have reported that they got virtually no upgrade sales after MacHeist/MacZot: http://reinventedsoftware.com/blog/2007/12/17/so-thats-why-i... NIH? There are extensions for RSS/Atom that allow threaded comment feeds; if you combine this with the feed reading support in Thunderbird it might almost get you a news-like reading experience. Probably the biggest challenge would be getting blogs to output threaded feeds. A standard protocol for posting comments on blogs sounds like it would be politically difficult due to fear of comment spam (it doesn't matter whether that fear is justified). Technically I think you could use unathenticated AtomPub, but I don't know if anyone has implemented this use case. As for NNTP, you can't serve it from a $7 Dreamhost account so obviously it sucks. Meta observation: By the time a technology story is in the Economist it's probably old news on Hacker News. An outage at a Web 2.0 site is unlikely to kill anyone, so it doesn't justify government intervention like the NTSB. Laws have been proposed requiring companies to report on privacy breaches, but I don't think they require companies to say why the breach happened, and they don't require an outside audit. The ROC project suggested something similar, although their analogy was not to the NTSB but an internal Ma Bell policy that required a report to be written for all outages. However, most companies don't want to release details about their outages, especially ones that are not customer-visible. When companies do talk about outages (as Joel just did) it's usually as a form of PR damage control. http://roc.cs.berkeley.edu/#pubs Doing nothing or breaking protocols may also be critical errors, so Time Warner's plan is not necessarily doomed. Looks like a plagiarized article. No, these pages aren't indexed anyway because they contain no useful content and Google already has a "sandbox" to penalize brand new sites. The article is about Google ads that are placed on these tasty pages. If Google refuses to serve these ads, the tasters make less money. I guess you're referring to Freenet and similar projects. I doubt it's BitTorrent's fault that most people don't care about Freenet. Why charge so little? Anything so cheap might as well be free. I suspect that people are either willing to pay substantially more than $2/month for this service, or they're not willing to pay anything. So you could probably increase your profit by increasing the price or becoming ad-supported (or both). It's NTT: http://blog.twitter.com/2008/02/twitter-chooses-ntt-america-... AFAIK, Level3 doesn't even offer hosting, just colo. I think most people will skip the step of buying the physics card and just wait for it to be integrated into the GPU. It will be an interesting marriage, though, since the Nvidia and Ageia architectures have some significant differences. Scalability isn't reliability. ZFS is an alpha-quality optional add-on in Leopard; I guess most users won't see it until later. At least they provided a link to the primary source. From my reading of the paper, Kittyhawk is more of an EC2 competitor; it's not intended to run "the entire Internet", but pundits can't resist the hyperbole. Yeah, but the original didn't have The Real Napster. It's amazing to me that caching still isn't on by default in Web servers. I like this. (Although I would prefer a SecurID-type dongle rather than smartcard-type.) Rather than complaining about how OpenID reduces security, they're finding a case where OpenID increases it. Most Web sites will never support smartcard login, but if they support OpenID they get it for free. An obvious solution that comes to mind is to rent virtual hardware and let customers do the patching. Sun Grid and EC2 are quite different. Sun Grid is for batch jobs, which I think is inherently less visible, less flexible, and less cool than the Web 2.0 serving that people use EC2 for. Even if people were using Sun Grid you might never know about it. AFAIK Sun Grid is 5X the price of EC2, so even for batch jobs I don't know why anyone would use it. Coincidentally, The Register just posted a story about a Sun project that could be quite competitive with EC2: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/02/15/caroline_sun_amazon/ (I have to wonder if this was a submarine job timed to coincide with the S3 outage.) My objection is just installing the client software. Public key is definitely superior for all the reasons you gave. It's not clear to me that conspicuous conservation has that much to do with morality. I just made up "conspicuous conservation" on the spot, although I doubt I'm the first to do so. In this case it seems almost obvious. When I worked with flash chips they were quite dumb and well-standardized, so bypassing a controller should be no problem. Maybe this post came from Soviet Russia. They're at 2.8 GHz now, so I rate this rumor "duh". I guess you upload your PHP code and it either works or it doesn't. Mosso is Web hosting, not VPS hosting. What choice do they have? Mozilla's strength is in desktop GUIs, so it would be risky to start working on server-side Web 2.0 mail. If Web mail is indeed the only future of mail, then I guess Mozilla should just shut down their mail efforts. I fear that femtocells will give carriers no incentive to improve coverage in offices and homes; they can just say "want coverage? buy a femtocell" which translates into customers paying to build out the carrier's network for them. It almost sounds like a 2.0 business model: user-generated infrastructure. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=114861 Sucking in more data counts as opening up? OTOH, if Apple distributes the apps they can set the terms for the market, possibly creating high barriers to entry such as upfront fees or quality standards. SSH has a few flaws, so they created what looks like an even more complex SSL-based command transport? I don't get it. Seth's post is a little vague, so here's a specific scenario: If a video is available only as an RTMPE stream, then the only way to capture a lossless copy of that video for fair use purposes is to write an unauthorized RTMPE client (ripper), which would probably violate the DMCA and get smacked down by Adobe immediately. Also, open-source Flash players probably won't be able to play RTMPE streams at all, for the same reason. Adobe is planning to add even more DRM in AIR: http://www.flashcomguru.com/index.cfm/2007/10/23/Flash-Video... Sun is shipping faster chips than Nehalem? Chip design is hard. Measure twice, cut once. I think it's more about extra chip selects and reducing bus loading. AFAIK, standard DDR2 memory controllers only support so many ranks on the bus, so MetaRAM introduced some muxing to make four or eight ranks look like two. It's a clever hack. I am aware of Niagara, and I am skeptical that it will beat Nehalem. Certainly a Nehalem system will beat a Niagara 2 system in most benchmarks for performance and price. Because new tech costs more? To create differentiation between two models that are already really similar? Sandboxed C/C++ bytecode? I'll believe it when I see it. OK, that is impressive. Some people don't want to pay for dual-controller hardware RAID, so DRBD is the software equivalent. Just combine freemium (where 1% of users generate 100% of revenue) with ads to produce a model where only 1% of users need to click on ads. Thus it doesn't matter if, say, 50% of users are blocking ads. Whether this model can work is another story. Flex 1.x was a joke, but Flex Builder 2.0 was only $500. Making the Flex SDK (but not the IDE) open appears to be a case of openwashing, since most Flex developers are probably still buying the IDE. Whatever you do, don't call it micropayments. http://www.openp2p.com/pub/a/p2p/2000/12/19/micropayments.ht... PHP? Ruby? You were thinking Unix and using Windows; no wonder it didn't work. Windows probably works much better if you've never seen Unix and you stick to 100% MS tools. (In other words, blub.) Webtops really are pointless. The only thing worse is when they get uppity and start calling themselves WebOSes. Some thoughts on Azul: The comparison of Azul to a mainframe is apt, since there is no low-end Azul box. If you don't have $50K to spend, go home. Startups can stop reading now. The network-attached coprocessor idea doesn't give me a good feeling; it sounds like yet another point of failure. Because Azul uses hundreds of cores, most apps won't scale out of the box; Azul-specific tuning like lock splitting is needed. I want to like Azul but in the end it looks like a niche box. Why benchmark apples against oranges? Any app that will run well on a PS3 will suck on Azul and vice versa. I can understand that viewpoint, but porting the whole Linux universe to a new architecture is a much larger job than porting a Java VM. The difference between RAID and clustered redundant storage seems arbitrary. RAID is dead, long live RAID! Must... resist... Ghostbusters... joke... But seriously, caching is so Web 1.0. These days it's much cooler to make each request as slow as possible and buy more servers to compensate. Right on. You have to justify that VC money by spending it as fast as possible. Adobe did improve performance dramatically with Flash 9, but only new code gets the speedup. Many game developers seem to still be generating the old slow bytecode. I expect it to be spun as security. You can't get any scripting-related security holes if you don't have scripts. Apparently the author thinks that "event-driven" means "multi-process", which it doesn't. This mistake made the article pretty unreadable for me. For the curious, the Flash paper provides a good overview of this topic: http://www.cs.princeton.edu/~vivek/flash_usenix_99/ I work for a large company and everything that goes out the door is patented; I imagine Adobe is the same way. However, I just did a search and didn't see anything obviously relevant. I have my doubts that file formats or protocols are patentable, but that won't stop the USPTO from granting them. Epoch fail. Have fine-grained ACLs ever worked? I don't want to criticize Facebook for trying to increase privacy, but I have serious doubts that this will lead to any real improvement. The agreement states that, but is it actually true? What happens to your phone? So $99 buys you five iBrickings, but is there any kind of mapping from developers to iBricks? Can an app compiled by one developer run on another developer's phone? The RAD Lab is not a joke, but this post is a little thick with hyperbole. While you're not monetizing things, you might as well create a new Web server OS where it's actually easy to install applications. OTOH, many users have been burned by things that could easily be fixed... but never were. Does apt-get have a Web 2.0 interface? I'm not aware of one. What such optimizations are possible? One that comes to mind is transactional memory which is being implemented by Azul and Sun, but I don't know of any others. The $50 price was obviously unsustainable; consider that a high-volume, non-mesh WRT54G sells for ~$45. The other parts of the story are certainly worrying, though. I wonder if this was driven by a change in management or if Meraki just said to themselves, "time to stop fooling around with open source and make some money". Exactly my point. Note: "barbies" is Aussie for "barbecues". That headline really confused me for a minute. Try faking a Google News referer. But it's just another gee-whiz CUDA/Tesla article; try these links instead: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CUDA http://www.nvidia.com/object/cuda_home.html So? They'll just pass the cost on to customers. It's for backup; the latency is mostly irrelevant. Tahoe sounds cool, but I think it's a stretch to call it a filesystem. Didn't the DMCA already exempt ISPs from liability? The music tax could be a double whammy for ISPs, because not only would they have to pay the tax but their bandwidth costs would likely increase due to increased usage of P2P. The OLPC is designed this way; the motherboard is behind the screen. Obviously power consumption has gone up because demand for performance has outstripped increasing power efficiency. But the Forrest Curve is catching up, as we can see from all the enthusiasm for sub-$400 computers. (BTW, laptop power supplies are double-sized, since they need to be able to power the laptop and charge the battery simultaneously. e.g. a 40W laptop will have an ~80W supply.) There's a way to fix this, but it isn't widely known yet. Using browser history sniffing[1] you can determine which popular IDP the user uses (let's say AOL) and then you can customize your login box to say "log in using your AOL screen name". So you're doing OpenID, but the user doesn't have to know what OpenID is. This is a little cumbersome to implement; maybe somebody will write a JS library to do it. [1] which will probably be removed from browsers at some point, but let's exploit it while it lasts If history is any guide, that compute power will be used by new applications, not better versions of existing ones (although 1080p Skype will probably also happen). So the inability to scale existing software is irrelevant; new apps will be coded from scratch using new parallel tools (assuming that those appear). It's possible that no such apps will emerge, but I'm not betting on it. Many of them will look pointless at first. (Check out this 150MB screen saver: http://scr.sc/products/dropclock/ A waste of disk space, you say? 150MB costs a few cents.) AFAIK LCDs have higher image quality and good screens are not cheap. The cheap option is to paint a wall with special paint and use that as a screen. I bought a 47" Westinghouse LCD last year. Yes, sometimes when I'm playing a game I'll come up with an algorithm to handle some aspect of it (e.g. adjusting the tax rate), but the game doesn't allow scripting so I have to run the algorithm by hand. Also, check out Bolo and the many bots available for it (if you can find a way to run it - maybe someone should clone it in Flash). Next time, submit the original article please. I thought half the benefit of CDNs was reduced latency, which AWS does not provide. Carr made the same point recently: http://www.roughtype.com/archives/2008/03/the_mediaizatio.ph... I built a gaming PC around Thanksgiving with very similar components, and I haven't read that article either. That's not what I'd call a server. Not even ECC RAM. Poor Summer; she's so typecast. I'll elaborate a little. A CDN is supposed to serve content from a server very close to each user, like in the same city. Thus CDNs must have many servers in many cities. AWS does not have many locations, thus because of the speed of light it cannot have latency as low as a good CDN. This is not a problem with AWS; it wasn't designed as a CDN. Do you need a CDN for "general purpose content serving"? Probably not. "Launching" a company by relying on any single site to drive traffic sounds like it could hurt credibility. Aren't exclusives for old Web 1.0 people? Some intern probably wrote a MapReduce job which discovered that Google engineers collectively spend thousands of hours per year linking, so writing a new linker can be justified as a cost savings. :-) OTOH, http://xkcd.com/303/ Apparently GCC is crimping Apple's style enough to justify a rewrite, although that may be due to licensing and lack of modularity more than ugly code. Very few people write Web servers or other networking code; they just write code that plugs into some existing Web server (usually Apache) or framework (e.g. Rails). Metal rapid prototyping has been around for a while now: http://radar.oreilly.com/archives/2006/05/metal-3d-printing.... So basically App Engine + Gears + Prism = a Python version of Joyent Slingshot. In this case, they're talking about apps that were designed to present their UI inside a browser. Why did you choose XMPP over RTMP? Maybe Sun will dust off Clustra from whatever closet they left it in. Or maybe H-Store will come out soon and support a large enough subset of SQL to satisfy people. Oh, so that's what those are. I saw some of those at SXSW. But $3 for a piece of cardboard? I would guess that you want a VCS based on a pack repository format so it doesn't use 10M inodes. That would be git or bzr. Scanning the tree to determine changed files may take a while, though. But that would be... cardboard piracy. Java does involve many small tools (JARs), but they all get loaded into one VM process. The issue is not modularity vs. giants but how modularity is implemented. I didn't look at the docs in detail, but how do you know they start a new process for each request? OTOH, virtualization with bare-virtual-metal VMs would eliminate the Unix-Java impedance mismatch. There'd be no Unix, thus no Unix-Java mismatch. You'd only have Java tools (such as they are) to manage your Java code. Of course, you'd have different problems. Blub thinking. People who have completely bought into the MS stack won't see any value in App Engine. I don't even like Rails, but comparing it to Paris is just mean. http://www-03.ibm.com/systems/power/hardware/520/browse_linu... ~$5,500 per core. The blade is cheaper but you'd have to buy a chassis. That's why Power6 has enormous memory bandwidth (~50 GB/s theoretical). zinxq: Permalinks are good. The next low-hanging fruit is auto-restarting instances, so you don't have to have two instances just to babysit each other. I realized recently that exokernels are basically the same thing as hypervisors. So maybe some lessons from the exokernel can be used in today's virtualized environments. Rails libOS, anyone?