I'm not sure it's quite this simple. Yes, my ISP streams cable TV to my house via multicast, but it's a multicast not just of the 1 or 2 channels I am using at any given moment (2 if I'm recording DVR on one and watching another), but of all 150 or so channels on the menu. If each household were only getting the actual TV channels they were watching, unicast might be feasible. (It would, of course, require more upstream bandwidth, so each household could tell its TV provider what it was watching.) Yes, but what about the "if it's already receiving them" part? I don't know exactly how the cable providers provision their networks, but I'd be very surprised if my local set's registration had to go more than one or maybe two hops up the router chain to find one that was already receiving all 150 channels. Otherwise it's hard for me to believe that changing channels would be as fast as it is (effectively instantaneous). (Note, I'm not saying this is a necessary feature of any multicast setup, just that it seems like it would have to be set up that way for the cable providers because of user expectations.) Thanks, the technical background makes things clearer (I wasn't familiar with the details of how the different services get distributed). Um...generators are Python 2.2+ (introduction of the yield statement): http://docs.python.org/release/2.2/ref/yield.html Generator expressions are 2.4+: http://docs.python.org/release/2.4/ref/genexpr.html That said, I don't disagree with removing the Python dependency from the "core" of Mongrel2. As was noted in an earlier comment, people can always write a config file management tool in any language they want (or Mongrel2 bindings in general, for that matter). I'm not sure where you're getting "denialist" from his article. He doesn't say anything about whether there is or isn't global warming, or whether humans are or are not causing at least a portion of it. His charge is that the APS, instead of fostering open debate, is stifling it. I do think he's too preoccupied with money as a motivation for why the stifling is being done; but his primary charge is basically that scientists aren't doing their due diligence the way they used to: "As recently as thirty-five years ago, when I chaired the first APS study of a contentious social/scientific issue, The Reactor Safety Study, though there were zealots aplenty on the outside there was no hint of inordinate pressure on us as physicists. We were therefore able to produce what I believe was and is an honest appraisal of the situation at that time...How different it is now." When I read the IPCC reports, for example, I find it hard to disagree with this assessment; even before ClimateGate we had plenty of evidence that what went into those reports was largely politically, not scientifically, determined. Note that this does not mean the IPCC reports are entirely wrong, nor does it mean that global warming will not be a problem. It means the reports don't make a good enough case for, say, emasculating the entire world economy in order to maybe, possibly, reduce the global temperature rise over the next century by a fraction of a degree Celsius. True, but I give him credit for using words a little more precisely than your average media hack. It's clear to me from the context that by "scam" and "fraud" he means not the simple claim that the climate is warming, nor even the claim that humans may be causing at least a portion of it, but the whole edifice that's been erected to drive certain political policies that are not justified by the state of the science, and to suppress any suggestion that those policies might not be justified. "Merely pointing out that models aren't perfect predictors, or that some esoteric and uncontrollable phenomenon is responsible for some of the warming does nothing useful to help us decide how to act." Neither does obfuscating the data and the models and how they work. Another commenter mentioned "transparency", and I think that's a key element that's been lacking from the climate scientists. They say they're "terrified", but when they're asked for the raw data and the source code to their models, they refuse to provide it, making it impossible to verify that their terror is justified. What information they do reveal does not inspire confidence in their analysis: for example, read the latest IPCC report and see how many key causal factors have a "low" level of scientific understanding. (It's true that greenhouse gases are not in that category, but the fact that we understand them pretty well does not justify simply ignoring the other factors when we admittedly don't know enough to judge their impact.) Also, the IPCC predictions for how much the climate should have warmed by now, given the actual increase in CO2 levels, have basically been falsified: CO2 has been increasing faster than all but their most pessimistic predictions, yet climate has been warming slower than their most optimistic predictions. So as far as deciding how to act, I don't trust the IPCC predictions, and since those are driving all the policy recommendations from those who are "terrified", I don't trust those recommendations either. "critics should be proving that something else is causing the recent heat records." No, the burden of proof is on those who want to implement highly disruptive policies without adequate justification. Even if the theory he's working on turns out to be wrong, the fact that a kid his age can arrive at even a wrong theory is a sign that he is smart enough to merit attention. The specifics of what he's thinking at the moment are far less important than encouraging him to keep on thinking. Follow the link in the Wikipedia page to the article on reprocessing. It solves both of the issues you raise: it greatly extends the time the fuel lasts, and it greatly shortens the time that the remaining waste is dangerous. The only reason this was even an issue in the US (it isn't in other nuclear-using countries) is that the Carter administration banned reprocessing because of misplaced concerns about proliferation. In March 1999 the Clinton administration finally reversed that position (probably because it was obvious by then that reprocessing didn't increase proliferation risk--every other nuclear-using country has reprocessed its fuel from the beginning and there have been no incidents). So we can just take all the stuff that was supposed to be stored in Yucca Mountain for 10,000 years and reprocess it instead. Problem solved. Um, the root cause of the problems at Fukushima had nothing to do with the design of the reactors. The root cause was that their backup diesel generators, which were to supply power to the reactor control and safety systems in the event of a shutdown, along with their switchgear, were sited behind a seawall that got overcome by the tsunami. If the backup generators had been sited properly, this whole fiasco would never have gotten started; the reactors would have shut down safely, end of story. I'm actually amazed that the reactors have held up as well as they have in the face of having no cooling water over a significant part of the fuel rods for this long. They were wrong because they didn't take into account the possibility that backup power would be unavailable for so long. The backup generators and their switchgear were sited very poorly--behind a seawall that was overcome by the tsunami. Please note that I'm not saying the reactor designs themselves weren't old and out of date. They were. But that wasn't the root cause of the problems. The stresses that these reactors have withstood due to the lack of backup power are far beyond any safety specification they were built to. I didn't mean to imply that reprocessing meant no waste: it means a lot less waste, that needs to be stored safely for a much shorter time. Also, since it allows you to use the fuel much more efficiently (without reprocessing, only a couple of percent of the usable fuel actually gets used; the rest ends up mixed in with the waste and is just stored without being used), it does solve the 50 year problem as well. That said, I also didn't mean to say that we shouldn't consider all the impacts of nuclear power. But, as many others in this thread have commented, to be fair we should also consider all the impacts of other power sources as well. As for a less power greedy way of living, I'm all for it, as long as I don't have to give up actual functionality. I'm all for having more efficient cars, but I'm not going to give up having a car; the freedom it gives me is too valuable to give up. (And no, living somewhere where I don't need a car to have that freedom is not an option. Been there, done that, prefer not to. Not everyone wants to live in that kind of environment.) As someone who routinely uses Google with AdBlock installed, I second this. For that matter, I would gladly pay Google a monthly fee to have unlimited search, if the "free" Google only had limited search. The fact that Google has chosen to make their money from advertisers instead of users like me is not my fault. I would put the limitations in the other direction; in fact, I would say that one reasonably obvious place to draw the line is that in order to contribute money to a political campaign, you have to be a registered voter. That would immediately shut down corporate contributions completely. If a group of individuals all want to contribute to the same politician's campaign, great! They can each make their individual contributions. But it seems to me that the biggest source of corruption in the whole process is the idea that any entities other than individual voters can be part of the process. Government is supposed to represent actual human beings, not legal fictions. Makes me proud to have MIT as my alma mater. They were ahead of the game with OCW and are staying ahead. I think comments like that kind of miss the point. The book isn't supposed to be a textbook. It's supposed to get you interested enough in the subject to want to study it further; that's when you go read the textbooks. > I do have to ask, though - if you have an issue with Google's having access to your data, why do you use Google services? As with any web property, if you're in for a penny, you're in for a pound. This is exactly why I don't use Google's services, except for search and Google Maps. What bothers me is the possibility that even those basic services are being compromised in order to further Google's social media goals. "Literate" doesn't just mean understanding the basic methodology. It means having a broad knowledge of specific subject matter. Would you call someone "literate" in English if they knew the basic theory of English grammar but had never read, say, anything by Shakespeare? If the government didn't insist on controlling production, there would be no inconsistency. Someone else's opinion about whether I "should" be taking Adderall would not affect me. The only reason the opinion of "society" matters is that "society", via the government, insists on micromanaging people's lives. And of course the people who are going to abuse the drug just circumvent the controls, so the ones that actually suffer are the ones who genuinely need it and can't get it. > In reality, "a customer" is whoever pays the most money for something you are selling. In the modern world, this would be corporations and rich individuals, not "the people". If this were true, corporations and rich individuals would own everything. They don't. Also, if it were true, nobody but corporations and rich individuals would be able to buy anything. Are you having trouble buying groceries because corporations and rich individuals have snapped them all up? The correct definition of "customer" is "anyone who pays any price for what you are selling, that you are willing to sell it for". As long as the item is worth less to you and more to the customer than a price you can both agree on, the transaction is a mutual gain for both of you. In a true free market, if there are no such customers--because what you're selling isn't worth enough to any of them to pay a price you are willing to accept--then you go out of business. Since in such a market you can't force anyone to buy your product--they only will if it's worth more to them than what they pay--you can only stay in business by providing mutual gain. That principle would apply just as well to services like law enforcement, if they were provided in a true free market. Prompted by reading http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3680732 . > When he sees albums from bands he liked, he buys those. There's a wrinkle here, though. He talks about downloading three albums from an artist he never heard of before, and finding that he liked them. Then when he sees a fourth album on Amazon, he buys it. But he never went back and bought the three albums he had downloaded . To me, that's where he crosses the line. I'm willing to accept the general idea that he ought to be able to preview content for free. But if he likes it, and it's for sale, he's on his honor to go back and buy what he likes. And not just because it's the right thing to do; failing to do this is also stupid, by the author's own criteria. Look at it from the point of view of the artist: there's a customer out there who likes four of his albums but who has only paid for one. So the artist is only getting one-fourth of the economic feedback he should be getting to create more content. In other words, in his haste to make sure he doesn't reward content distributors who do things he doesn't like, this author is missing opportunities to reward content creators who do things he likes . > The question is not whether what the OP is doing is right or wrong. I agree; I did mention the word "right", but I then went on to say that that wasn't the real point. > maybe we'll come to a point where artists will get a higher percentage of each album sale First of all, if artists are selling direct over the Internet, why do they need to sell "albums"? Why not just sell songs? Or better yet, why not sell "content" in whatever form the customers actually want to buy it? But if anything like this happens, then the effect will be to reduce the prices of content to the point where the economic "signal" sent to the author or artist by a single purchase is about the same as it is now. Anyway, my point is that the OP went to all this trouble to write a long blog post trying to explain how "content creators" could get him to spend more money; but he never seems to realize that a better way of communicating that information is already available to him: actually spending the money on things that are worth it to him. > The only point I'd like to make is that he does repeatedly say that he does spend the money on the things that are worth it. Yes, he does, and I agree with his general point. I'm only pointing out that his definition of "worth it" appears to me to be somewhat inconsistent. If the fourth album by that artist he mentions was "worth it" because he liked the other three, why weren't the other three "worth it" as well, once he knew he liked them? The fact that he already had them for free is irrelevant; by his own admission, he could have gotten the fourth album for free as well, but he chose not to. I don't see why the same logic that drove that choice wouldn't also drive him to go back and pay for the other three after seeing their quality. > He wrote this with the objective of telling content creators directly instead of assuming that they'll just figure it out. This brings up another key point: the distinction between "content creators" and "content distributors". Much of what he says really applies to distributors--the media companies--rather than creators--the actual artists. The main conclusion an actual creator might draw from his post is that he should look for a better distribution channel than the big media companies. I would agree with that; in fact I've written about it myself: http://blog.peterdonis.com/opinions/internet-blackout-day.ht... > If one could guarantee that the money paid were a "reward to content creators" I suppose I could agree with you. I find that description quite problematic because there is very little transparency in these sorts of processes. I agree, and I should have made that point clearer. There is a critical distinction between content creators and content distributors . See my response to saber3004. You're missing the point of marginal utility. Because the price of water is so low, the marginal use of water is not for purposes vital to survival. People water their lawns, fill swimming pools, wash cars, etc. In other words, they use water for things whose utility is equal to its current price, because there's plenty of water left over at that price after all the vital-to-survival needs are met. If the price of water went up, people would stop using it for purposes with lower utility, in order to be sure to have enough for purposes with higher utility (like drinking and cooking). So the marginal utility of water would still be equal to its price. See David Friedman's text, Price Theory; in particular Chapter 4: http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Price_Theory/PThy_Cha... He discusses this exact case (diamonds vs. water). > Suppose the more frivolous uses of water were somehow restricted. Then you would no longer have a free market; people would be prohibited from engaging in transactions that they would have chosen to engage in without the prohibition. In that case, yes, price is no longer equal to marginal utility. > Alternatively, consider that blood plasma and many life-saving medicines that have no other use are still cheaper than diamonds. A better example, yes. I would tend to say the "market" in these things is not exactly free either. Somebody should ask Friedman about that one. :) > And, for the sake of argument, let's agree with the marginalists. Aren't all the marginal values and costs for a digital creation, which can be easily replicated millions of times, practically zero? Yes. > You "could not" help her? That's not exactly true, is it? It's just that if you had, there would have been negative consequences for yourself, and so, you didn't. I think the question isn't so much whether he could have tried to help her, as whether it would have done any good. The end result might well have been no improvement in her situation and a drastic worsening of his. In other words, negative consequences for him without any compensating positive consequences for her . In that situation, I'm not sure I would see much point in openly intervening. > If you're blasting your data over an unencrypted wifi connection, do you have a reasonable expectation of privacy? This seems to be equivalent to someone screaming the contents of their email, and then getting angry at you for eavesdropping. Exactly. I agree with other commenters that Google is not to be trusted, but I think this article isn't even specific to Google--it's just another illustration that unencrypted Wifi is public, and anyone with half a clue should know that by now. > This is why paying serious attention to encryption, and making it easy for people to use, might not be the mere fodder of "tinfoil hats" that some portray it to be. Setting up WPA2 on your Wifi router is not very hard. Most routers now will do it at the push of a button. (I personally don't do it that way, I set everything up by hand through the router's web interface, but that's because I'm a techie.) > There's an awful lot of science that needs to be discovered before we can do much of this. Not for the Gen1 and Gen2, and possibly not even for the Gen3. We already know how to build ion thrusters: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ion_thruster Building an ion drive ship to meet the Gen1 or Gen2 specs is a matter of engineering and cost, not science. The only other significant spec is the radiation shielding, but we know how to do that; again, it's just a matter of engineering and cost, not science. The big change in the Gen3 specs is the required 1g acceleration, which is probably too high for ion thrusters to reach based on our current knowledge. So we would need to do some development on nuclear rockets; but there has been scientific work done on fission and fusion rocket concepts, so even here it's mostly engineering and cost. It would certainly help to have a breakthrough in materials technology that would let us build lighter radiation shielding for a Gen3 ship, but we could build one without it (albeit it would be a lot more expensive). I agree the Gen4 spec is "out there". > This desire to build Enterprise is assuming that Star Trek is indeed a roadmap and blueprints. If you actually look at his roadmap and blueprints, Gen1 through Gen3 have nothing to do with the fictional Enterprise. It's just a catchy name. Only the Gen4 spec gets into "fictional science" territory (warp drives). > I posted this article to HN mostly because I wanted to see technical arguments as to why this would not work. As I posted above, for Gen1 and Gen3, and possibly even Gen3, I don't think there are any. The most important good thing these specs do is add in acceleration, even if it's small (0.002g is pretty small). Robert Heinlein said decades ago that the way we do space flight now, with ships "coasting" except for brief rocket burns to change course, is the equivalent of floating down the Mississippi on a raft. What we need are the equivalent of sailing ships--ships that always have some "push", even if it's small. The difference in travel times for any significant distance is amazing (note that current plans by NASA for a trip to Mars have it taking two years one way!). > It's not the spheres that are "spikey", the cubes are. This was exactly my reaction on thinking over what the article is saying. > The point is that when you're on the surface of a high-dimensional sphere, what you're standing on has characteristics that we, with our 3D intuition, would normally associate with spikes. Can you explain why the "spikiness" should be associated with the hyperspheres instead of the hypercubes? > when you've on the surface of a high-dimensional sphere, almost every step takes you out. Getting into the interior is like trying to get into the interior of a spike from its tip. This does, yes. Starting with how this aspect changes from a circle (1-sphere) to a 2-sphere might help to get across the "spikiness" you are talking about. It seems to be basically saying the same thing as the "lopping off the cap" description, but the latter was very hard for me to visualize. Saying that a smaller and smaller fraction of the total "hypersolid angle" intersects the hypersphere's interior as you increase the dimension makes it much easier (for me) to see what's going on. One thing that struck me as odd was that the author apparently is not an experienced programmer, but she tried to learn Python from the tutorials designed for experienced programmers; she saw that there was a list of tutorials for non-programmers, but she "didn't look at any of those". Why not? One possible answer is that the term "programming" means something somewhat different to the author than it does to, for example, me. When I look at the Python tutorial topics, even those for non-programmers, I see stuff that looks like programming: loops, conditionals, generators, etc. But the author apparently saw a lot of stuff that didn't seem to have much to do with what she was interested in: getting the computer to do something cool. Processing apparently gave her an easier way to do that. To me, getting the computer to do something cool, in and of itself, is not necessarily "programming". For example, the beginner's tutorial for Processing that the author links to tells you to type the following into the editor: "ellipse(50, 50, 80, 80);". This, of course, draws an ellipse. Cool! But this, to me, isn't "programming"; it's just invoking a magic incantation to get the computer to draw an ellipse. "Programming" is what the person did who wrote the code that interprets that line you typed and figures out what to draw and where. It's quite possible that this is just me; maybe most people are OK with using the word "programming" to describe something that doesn't seem like programming to me. But word choice aside, I am not trying to say that only what I call "programming" is worth doing. I think the point is more that maybe "programming" is too narrow a term to describe what many people are trying to do when they want to get the computer to do something cool. "Long overdue" is an understatement, to say the least. Thanks for posting this! > This context is likely not clear in the post on its own. No, it wasn't--knowing the context actually makes your post quite a bit more thought-provoking. What languages have you programmed in? Has anyone found a calculation in the specs of whether the power requirements given are sufficient to produce the required thrust, given the total mass of the ship? Here's what I come up with (rough numbers): Ship mass: 85,000 metric tons, or 85 million kg. Effective exhaust velocity: 150,000 m/s (1 g, or 10 m/s^2, times the quoted specific impulse of 15,000 s) This implies a power requirement of 75,000 Watts per Newton of thrust--half the effective exhaust velocity, since we're in the non-relativistic regime. For details, see for example here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Specific_impulse Thrust required: 1.7 million Newtons (quoted mass above times 0.002g, or 0.02 Newtons/kg) Total power required for thrust: 130 billion Watts, or 130 Gigawatts, or more than 50 times the power quoted in the specs. Am I missing something, or will this ship need 50 sets of reactors to power its engines? I have posted a comment in the Build the Enterprise forums here: http://www.buildtheenterprise.org/forum/build-the-enterprise... I've seen other indications that GoDaddy is a bit heavy-handed, to put it mildly, in responding to DMCA takedown notices. This confirms it. Assuming that the notice was worded properly, they should only have taken down the one specific site that infringed, not all the sites belonging to the same person. > Apparently many of her sites used that specific photo. Ah, didn't catch that. Are you implying that the use in question was fair use (i.e., that the OP should not have sent the DMCA takedown notice for this use)? I don't think "commercial" requires you to "make money" from the use. I think using the photo as an illustration on your business website qualifies as "commercial" even if you can't show that it brought you any business. (Of course, IANAL.) > Candice could have used a good fence between her charity and her infringing account. Agreed, but GoDaddy could have also taken option 2) from dangrossman's post above, which happens all the time with "live" servers anyway, every time people change their own configurations through the web "control panel" for their hosting provider. For the kind of plan it looks like she had, her URLs were most likely being served by the same Apache instance as the URLs for dozens of other customers; so any time any customer changes their setup, the "web server" has to reconfigure itself. That's why servers like Apache do that on the fly, without requiring a restart. > Online spaces are spaces of public accommodation. All online spaces? I more than "lean" towards introversion, and this doesn't really frighten me; it makes me a bit sad, that's all. But I doubt it's a new observation. I suspect most people have always found most other people boring much of the time, even if they are friends. It's just more evident now because people have more alternatives for spending their time that fill a need for "socializing" without requiring direct in-person interaction. Why should users have rights in this situation, other than the right to stop using the service? I understand why it would be nice if they did, but why should they? Why is it am imperative? people can't be expected to take a detailed look at every product and service they might use to assess it fully, that would simply be too time consuming, so you set a basic standard for prevention of harm So basically, you're saying people should trade trust in one third party (the service provider) for trust in another third party (whoever sets and enforces the basic standard). I can understand why people may choose to do this (though in many cases I don't think the second third party is any more reliable than the first), but I don't see it as an improvement. I don't think FB cares about whatever legal standards are in place; to them that's just a cost of doing business. But they do care about losing users. can you imagine what the likes of Facebook or Exxon or whoever might do without them. Sure, and I can also imagine people not using FB or Exxon (many people boycotted Exxon for years after the Valdez spill, IIRC). Also, I can turn the question around: can you imagine what those who are trusted to enforce standards of behavior might do once they know the public trusts them and won't question what they do? How good a job did regulators do at enforcing standards of behavior on investment banks? And before you ask, I do not use FB, precisely because I don't trust them to take care of my data. And it's not just FB; I don't trust Google to take care of my data, which is why I don't use gmail, for example, or any other Google services except search and maps. I don't expect anyone to take care of my data unless I'm paying them, as a customer, to do that--and even then I watch them. You're assuming that there is an actual net benefit to having the second form of protection. I don't think there is. It may seem like a short-term benefit if some regulator actually catches, say, Facebook in the act of misusing people's data; but the long-term effect is that people believe that they can actually trust a company with their data when they're not a paying customer (or even, beyond a certain point, when the are a paying customer). And since the long-term outcome of any regulatory scheme is regulatory capture, sooner or later FB will just be buying the regulations they want, and the so-called protection won't be there any more. Again, I refer you to the economy since 2008. >>> Statistically no one will leave FBook over this. If that's really true, it's very unsettling. If this doesn't trip a significant number of users' "not worth it" detectors, what would? > Goldman wasn't obligated to put up a shingle reading "We are losing our appetite for CDOs, and so can't take your money if you think they're still a great investment." They are obligated if they are fiduciaries. > It's got nothing to do with the fractional reserve system, by the way - a 100% reserve bank still borrows short and lends long and still is subject to bank runs. How is this possible? If the bank has to keep 100% of its deposits in reserve, how can it lend at any longer term than the deposits are borrowed for? > suppose my kid has to go to the ER. I go to the bank to withdraw funds early because of unforeseen circumstances. Does the bank have to give them to me? This sort of situation is what insurance is for. > So insurance pays for 100% of the cost? Where do I find such insurance? Remember we're talking about a very different world from the one we actually live in, a world where banks aren't allowed to lend at longer terms than they borrow. In such a world health insurance would presumably also be very different from what we're used to, since it would only be expected to insure against things that should be insurable, i.e., unforeseen circumstances. What we now call "health insurance" is something like auto insurance that would also be expected to pay for oil changes, replacing tires, checking your air cleaner and wiper blades, etc., etc. If we had health insurance that worked more like the way our actual auto insurance works, we would cleanly separate predictable health expenses from unpredictable ones, and only expect insurance for the latter. That would change things a lot. > Or suppose I need chemo and insurance will only cover 80% of the $100k cost? The big question here is, why do you need chemo? We're probably getting off topic, but I can see at least three distinct possibilities: (1) You need chemo because of something accidental and unforeseen that gave you cancer--say you were in an airplane that got irradiated with a burst of cosmic rays. This would be insurable, and these sorts of conditions are rare enough that I would expect an insurance company to pay the claim, with a reasonable deductible (you would trade off the deductible against the premiums, just as you do now with auto insurance--again, this is all in the light of the general comments I made above). (2) You need chemo because someone else's deliberate act or negligence caused your cancer--say your city water was contaminated by a factory's effluent. In this case the party responsible should be paying for your chemo, just as if someone else hits your car they are responsible for paying to get it fixed. (3) You need chemo because you didn't take care of yourself very well, didn't get regular checkups, and got a form of cancer that could have been diagnosed and prevented but wasn't. In this case your insurance company would still be obligated to pay, but your premiums would probably have been quite a bit higher, just as people with bad driving records have to pay more for auto insurance. Of course I understand that this kind of analysis is a lot more unpalatable when applied to health insurance vs. auto insurance. Our bodies are much more important to us than our cars. But that doesn't change the economics involved. What you're calling "insurance" against a bank run is a central bank printing money. For examples of how well that works out in practice, see the Great Depression and the economy right now. It's not my "solution", it's my description of what a hypothetical world might be like in which we didn't expect the difficulties of things like finance and health care to be hidden from us by schemes like banks borrowing short and lending long, and governments hiding from us the real costs of the health care we receive. I agree completely that the actual world we live in is nowhere near that hypothetical world, and that we aren't going to get to that hypothetical world in one giant transition. However, I would also observe that what we are doing now is not a "stepwise improvement" towards that hypothetical world or anything like it. Instead we move in the other direction-- more of the real costs of financial tricks and health care are hidden from us. Then how do you define "improvement"? > The world is far richer today Agreed, but the relevant comparison is the way the world is now, compared to the way it would have been if the gold standard had not been abandoned. Unfortunately there is no way to re-run the experiment to see. However, there is at least one interesting indication: the worst depression in history, the Great Depression, happened after we went off the gold standard and after we established the Fed to supposedly control the money supply so boom and bust cycles would be controlled. Well, one alternative (in the hypothetical world I was describing--as I said in response to someone else, I'm well aware that the actual world is nowhere near like this) would be no-fault insurance--even if someone else's negligence or deliberate act caused you to need chemo, your insurance pays for it. Then you wouldn't have to go to court. The only drawback to that would be that, if the pattern seen with auto insurance is any indication, everyone's costs would be higher--auto insurance is significantly more expensive for everyone in states with no-fault insurance laws. But perhaps you would say that's worth it to ensure not having to go to court in circumstances like this. I actually agree with your general methodology. I'm not sure I agree with all your factual claims. What we currently call "health insurance" does, because it's actually more than just insurance; as I commented before, it's more like insurance plus an extended maintenance contract. Normal "insurance", like auto insurance or homeowner's insurance, only covers large, unforeseen expenses; it doesn't cover regular maintenance, and it doesn't cover things like buying new appliances when the old ones wear out. The money supply has gone up considerably since 2008, hasn't it? Shouldn't that have led to an actual recovery, instead of the stagnant economy we've actually observed? To do regenerative braking the motors have to know when you're braking. That means hooking into the car's controls to detect when the brake pedal is pressed. It also means preventing the normal mechanical brakes from engaging while regenerative braking is being done. And it means being able to engage the mechanical brakes if the batteries can't accept incoming energy fast enough. All this is a highly non-trivial controls problem, which requires close integration with the car's control computers. I don't see how that can be done with a retrofit. > Knowing when the car is braking is trivial - the vast majority have a dedicated brake switch wire. Yes, that would work, provided it didn't affect the signal going to the vehicle's own computer. (It doesn't seem like it should, but I spent some time as an automotive engineer, and one thing I observed is that the car will do lots of things you don't expect.) [Edit: after seeing another comment below I'm not sure the switch would be enough; you need to know how hard the brake pedal is being pressed so you know how much braking the driver is requesting and can adjust the amount of regen accordingly. But there are ways to do that as well, as the commenter notes.] > Why do you want to prevent the normal brakes from engaging when regen braking is happening? Because the normal brakes prevent regenerative braking (regen) from happening. Both processes convert the vehicle's kinetic energy into something else--regen into electricity, normal braking into heat. You can't convert the same kinetic energy into two things at once, so any energy converted into heat by normal braking is unavailable for regen. > The majority of braking needs to happen up front due to dynamic weight transfer. Which will limit how much regen you can get, since it can only withdraw energy if it is actually slowing the wheel down. It may still be worthwhile to do regen, but not nearly as much as if you could do it on all four wheels. > Instead, use a simple brake balance controllers to reduce the mechanic braking effort at the rear and make up for it with the regenerative braking. Are these controllers dynamic? That is, can they adjust the balance depending on whether regen is happening or not? There will be circumstances when regen can't happen, or can't take all of the energy available (for example, if the battery is close to full or unable to accept charge fast enough). If the controllers are dynamic, then I agree you could put together a solution this way. But you would still need to do a lot of tuning of the controls. One thing I would be worried about if I were doing this is being able to get everything tuned smoothly without having access to the code and calibrations in the vehicle's own computers. > Yeah, or if nothing else install a button for the driver to engage regenerative braking when he knows he's going down a hill or coasting to a stop. Have the regenerative braking turn off if the driver touches the real brakes. Just a button wouldn't work; how would the system know how much braking to apply? You would need something with variable input. Even then it would require considerable practice, I think, on the driver's part; it would be something like trying to control braking with the parking brake while the vehicle is in motion (which I have had to do on one occasion when my regular brakes failed--it's not at all easy). Inspired by reading this: http://www.leancrew.com/all-this/2011/12/more-shell-less-egg... > In my experience writing reusable code, unless you're writing a library, is usually a waste of time. In the sense you're using "library" here, the Unix utilities are libraries--more precisely, they are library functions; the whole set of utilities is the library. So McIlroy was a library/framework writer. > Most code, even when written with intent to be reusable -- isn't. I more or less agree with this; but fortunately, you don't have to look at "most" code to find code that is reusable. As witness, once again, the Unix utilities. Or, for that matter, the Python builtins and standard library that I used to build the Python versions of the "word count" program. Moreover, even if you're in Knuth's position and don't have a good base of reusable code to draw on already, it still makes a big difference how you proceed from there. Do all app devs write big monolithic apps? I believe pg once wrote an essay about bottom-up vs. top-down programming, leaning heavily towards the former. > The essay: http://www.paulgraham.com/progbot.html ? Yes, that's the one I was thinking of. Thanks for finding the link! > the mix of chained object method invocations and "outer" function calls Actually, you're right, I could have factored out the part that builds the dict of words vs. occurrences into its own function, so that the entire pipeline would be a single chain of calls. Now that you've put the thought into my head, I may go back and do that. :-) > I was wondering how the example script would look like using pipe[1] :-) That would certainly make the Python look more like the shell script. :-) One of the constraints I imposed on myself when writing the Python version was to only use what comes with it--built in functions/syntax and the standard library, with no third-party packages, similar to how McIlroy only used "built-in" Unix commands that came with every Unix system. > One question about the Python code: is the first call to sorted needed You're right, it isn't. I've pushed an update to the github repo fixing this (in both versions). > Now that you've put the thought into my head, I may go back and do that. Just did it. :-) Factored out a "uniq" function in both versions, so the "pipeline" function is now a single chain of method invocations (with the slicing at the end). Which means it could actually be put in the "if __name__ == '__main__'" stanza, but that seems less readable to me. > I haven't checked out the original paper, but the solution presented on the blog is a non-solution. It only works for ascii characters and words composed out of ascii. As I understand it, that was the original spec, which both Knuth and McIlroy wrote to. I agree that it is limited as you say. > The shell solution, built upon standard tools, can not be extended to work in an international context but a custom solution in Python (or even Pascal) quite concievably could. As bryanlarsen pointed out, the shell solution can easily be extended by using an internationalized version of tr. The Python equivalent would be to use the built-in Unicode support. (If Pascal had that, you could do the same in Pascal.) However, it's worth noting that by specifying the problem that way you still have the issue of how the input stream (which is going to be bytes) is encoded. Essentially, the original spec declared by fiat that the encoding was ASCII. Also, btw, you can express non-English languages in ASCII (though certainly not as wide a variety as in Unicode); the program as written does assume that words are composed only of the 26 standard ASCII letters, but it could easily be extended to include the ASCII special characters. Another exercise for the reader. :-) Though if you're going to do this kind of extension, it might be better just to go the whole way and handle Unicode. I do have feeds set up, but I just realized they aren't linked to or autodiscoverable. :redface: I'll fix that ASAP. Thanks for the feedback! Fixed--added links on the home page to RSS 2.0 and Atom feeds. Also feed autodiscovery should work now. Good catch! I've implemented your suggested fix of adding a sed '/^$/d' at the beginning of McIlroy's pipeline. The github code is updated, along with an updated test file and expected output. (Btw, the Python version did not have the bug, since the split method of Python strings already ignores initial whitespace.) Oops, you're right, the sed command should be on the second line. Fixed the test inputs and the fix. You're correct, the Python version is O(N) instead of O(1) in RAM usage for two reasons, one easily fixed and one not. Sorry if I'm belaboring the point, but I think it's worth going into a little more detail. The easily fixable issue is that the shell pipeline buffers reads, whereas my Python version just uses sys.stdin.read() for simplicity. I could have buffered the reads by using Python's generators/iterators instead. However, that alone isn't enough to get O(1) RAM usage. The not so easily fixable issue is that the Unix sort command uses temporary files in order to not have to have all of its data in memory at once. See, for example, here: http://vkundeti.blogspot.com/2008/03/tech-algorithmic-detail... Python's sorted builtin doesn't work like this; it can take a generator as input, but it returns a list. This is one respect in which Python's built-in functionality lacks a feature that the Unix utilities have. I don't know if anyone has tried to re-implement the Python sorted function to use temporary files and return a generator to reduce memory usage. [Edit: the Python version would also have to re-implement the uniq function to take a generator as input and return a generator, which would, I believe, also require temporary files.] Looking at the original paper that was linked to elsewhere in the comments here, it appears that Knuth's original Pascal program is, like my Python version, O(N) in RAM. It keeps everything in memory and uses no temporary files, as far as I can tell. > Of course, if you only care about things that fit in memory, you can do it in Python, but it is still far easier to use command line for these type of problems. I agree; I was not trying to claim that my Python solution should be used in preference to the shell pipeline solution in any kind of "production" environment. As I noted in another comment, Knuth's Pascal solution appears to be open to the same criticism. > But your assertion was that this was an easy problem solved with just a few lines of shell code. Where did I assert that? > I can't say that it is impossible to write a shell script to count words in a text written in Arabic script, but it doesn't seem easy. Is there a definition of what counts as a "letter" in Arabic script? That is, which Unicode code points correspond to letters? And does Arabic share the convention that a "word" is a sequence of letters delimited by non-letters? If the answers to those questions are "yes", then the extension of the algorithm already presented to handle Arabic is straightforward; it's just a matter of substituting the Arabic definition of "letters" for the ASCII definition. (With, as I said in my previous comment, the additional issue of determining the encoding of the input and output.) If some of the answers to the above questions are "no", then you have an issue with the problem specification, not with the algorithm you're going to use to solve it. Thanks for subscribing! I generate everything from Markdown source using PyBlosxom's static rendering (which has some issues that may eventually drive me to switch to something else or roll my own). It auto-generates RSS and Atom feeds, so it costs me nothing to have both just in case someone prefers RSS or can't use Atom for some reason. I'm not sure I trust mypermissions.org any more than Facebook. Not even an "About" page or a FAQ page? Nothing explaining what they do, how it works, etc? Just click on a button with no explanation of what will happen? Sorry, but that rings all of my alarm bells. Not to mention that their solution to keeping apps from getting private info is...another app? Gluons also interact gravitationally, like anything with energy. So would any other hypothetical particle, since it would have to have energy to exist at all. Not only that, but Aaron seems to be skating perilously close to the position that admitting that you screwed up is, in itself, sufficient reason for you to be promoted. It's not. I'm not sure I understand the article's point. In the very first sentence, the author says: > Samsung too closely copied some elements of the Apple iPhone, and for that it should be hung up in the public square. But the rest of the article gives good arguments for why none of the Apple patents should have been granted in the first place, much less upheld in court. So why exactly should Samsung have been punished at all, then? He wasn't in California, he was working at an air base in Thailand as part of the war effort. Read the article before snarking. Tell me why we shouldn't demand devices that we can change, do whatever we please with? You can demand this all you want, as long as the only way you enforce your demand is by choosing what products to buy. But if you mean "demand" as in "make laws and regulations", as it's clear you do, then I disagree. When the interests of companies goes against the interests of the people, then we regulate. No, we buy something else or go without. At the end of the day, we're talking about smartphones and apps here. You do not need to have an iPhone. You do not need to have apps. If you don't like what's on offer, and all your efforts at persuasion fail, then, as I said, you buy something else or go without. For example, I can't stand the MPAA and RIAA. I've blogged repeatedly about their stupid, shortsighted business practices and their attempts to get draconian laws passed to emasculate general purpose computers. But I have no right to demand that they make their products the way I want them to, or else we'll get the government to regulate them. If they refuse to listen to reason, as they have, I simply buy something else or go without. Which means that I almost never buy music or movies now. I do not have an iPhone, or an iPad, or any other iDevice, and have no plans to buy one, for the same reason. Um, you're kidding, right? Of course the students are going to claim the exam wasn't fair; why would you believe them? (On reading the article linked to, the few specific exam questions that were described didn't seem to me to be unrelated to the course.) Also, even if the exam was "unrelated to the lectures", tough luck; they are paying a lot for a degree, on the understanding that the school makes the rules. If the school is being unfair, the correct response is not to cheat; it's to stop placing so much weight on a degree that really doesn't mean much. Finally, your suggested analogy between frivolous patents and a supposedely unfair exam is nonsense. The correct analogy would be between a business that ignores a patent because it is convinced the patent is unfounded and would not stand up to a court challenge, and an employer that ignores a C in Government from Harvard (for a job applicant who took the hit on an unfair exam rather than cheat) because it knows Harvard's grades are no longer an accurate reflection of a person's job potential. I never took any take-home exams when I was at MIT (1983-1988). Most of the in-class exams I took there, though, were open-book, open-notes, etc., so making them take-home would not have been too much of a change. (Someone upthread commented that a good take-home exam is much more difficult because the professor can assume you have access to all reference materials. That fits my experience with the open-book, open-notes MIT exams.) So your argument is basically, it's a dog-eat-dog world, so it's OK to cheat to get ahead? I see. I don't agree, but I see. (Also, it's laughable to suggest that Harvard students are stuck with minimum wage if they don't cheat on exams. We're talking about Harvard ; most employers won't even care what the applicant's GPA was.) > Everyone cheats. Well, yes, if you lump all the things you named together and call them all "cheating" without differentiating between them, yes, everyone "cheats". But I don't think everyone would agree that all the things you named should be lumped together. That's a subjective judgment, which means we probably won't get anywhere arguing about it--but see further comment below. > Successful people get used to knocking down the hurdles others endlessly throw at them, often unfairly. But the way you are putting it, anything I don't like or anything I don't want to comply with is just a "hurdle" that I'm justified in knocking down. By your logic, if I want my boss's job, it would be OK for me to murder him and then fill the vacant position; after all, he's just a "hurdle", right? Or if you don't think that would be OK, where do you draw the line? What principle lets me differentiate between things that are just "hurdles" that I'm allowed to knock down to be successful, and things that I'm not? > employ your own ethics system built around the Golden Rule Wouldn't this system forbid you from cheating? How does this square with the Golden Rule? Last I checked, that rule didn't say "I can break rules I don't like to get gold." > You're not getting gold, you're restoring fairness where the rule or law is unfair. But how do you know what's fair? More to the point, how do you know what all the other people, whom you're supposed to treat the way they themselves would like to be treated, think is fair? You've assumed that cheating on an exam which you believe to be unrelated to the course material is "fair"; how do you know all the other people who are affected by your action would agree? Also, I probably should have made it clearer at the outset that judging that something is "unfair" to you is highly subjective and prone to error. I do not really believe that the exams the Harvard students cheated on were "unfair"; I think the students were just too lazy to learn the material and then tried to weasel out of the consequences. But they themselves probably sincerely believe that the exam was unfair and unrelated to the course. The fact that so much was at stake makes their judgment that the exam was unfair quite different from, for example, my judgment that I know better than the people who put up speed limit signs what a "safe" speed is under the current driving conditions. See further comments below. > You get the gold by leveraging your renewed equal opportunity. Cheating doesn't give you "equal" opportunity; it gives you an extra opportunity that the people who don't cheat don't have. Whether that is actually "fair" is, as I said above, highly subjective, and it's very easy to judge wrongly if you have a strong personal stake in the outcome. That's why we have ethical norms that don't allow people to make such judgments unilaterally in cases where self-serving judgments are highly likely and have large consequences. Since I asked for a principle that distinguishes when it's OK to "cheat" and when it isn't, I should offer one of my own--actually two, following on from the above comments. I see at least two key differences between, for example, the case of exceeding speed limits, and the case of cheating on exams: (1) I can make a good case that I, driving my car on a particular road under particular conditions, can better judge what a safe speed is in that situation than lawmakers or regulators who just have very general rules for setting speed limits: I am there and they are not, and I'm the one who risks injury if I have an accident. So I have more information and am motivated to make good judgments. The case of students cheating on exams is opposite in these respects: the students do not have more information than the professor does, and they are highly motivated to make self-serving judgments about whether the exam is "fair", rather than accurate ones. (2) I gain no significant advantage over other drivers from speeding. I get where I'm going faster than I otherwise would, but that does not hinder any other driver from getting where they're going. There's no competitive element involved. In the case of students cheating on exams, there certainly is a competitive element; a student who cheats does not just gain an advantage, he takes away an advantage from others. So I would distinguish "cheating" that should be prohibited from infractions like speeding, by these two principles: the motivation for self-serving judgments, and the competitive element where one person gaining an advantage means others lose it. > The Golden Rule doesn't only demand that you treat others that way; it also demands that others treat you that way, which may require action on your part. I'm not sure the Golden Rule includes this, but that's an argument about terminology, not ethics. Basically, you're saying that you have to let other people know how you want to be treated. I agree with that general principle, but I'm not sure cheating accomplishes that purpose. Are the students who cheated at Harvard being treated more like they wanted to be treated because they cheated? > So when there's a draft, people should trust their leaders and submit to combat, not bothering to examine whether the war is just? Avoiding the draft is a good test case that we haven't considered yet. It certainly meets my second condition, that people have a strong motivation to make self-serving judgments instead of correct ones. It also may meet my first condition: citizens who judge that a war is unjust probably can't claim to have significant information that their political leaders do not. (In fact, the political leaders probably have information that the citizens do not.) However, I can see a third principle that this example brings out: does the other party in the case, the one which is being "cheated" (the government in the case of the draft, the professor in the case of the exam), also have a strong motivation to make self-serving judgments? Certainly that is the case for a draft: political leaders have all kinds of motivations to claim that a draft is justified when it isn't. So in this case I would agree with you that "cheating" might be justifiable. I'm not sure the case of cheating on exams meets this third condition, although it could be argued that professors do have motivations, if not to purposely make exams unfair, at least to not expend a lot of effort making them fair. But professors also have motivations to keep students coming to their school, for financial if no other reasons, which gives them an incentive to expend effort to make classes and exams fair. > The norms should be used only as a guideline for your own judgement, lest you become someone's pawn. I don't disagree with this, but "your own judgment" is not infallible either. That's why I have been trying to find some principles that can help guide one's judgment. You appear to agree with this general idea, since you too draw a distinction between justified "cheating" and unjustified cheating. Your definition of "unjustified" is "if it's to unfairly gain an advantage over others", but that merely postpones the problem: what counts as "unfairly" gaining an advantage? That's what I've been trying to get a handle on. > I'm a bit biased. I had a professor who informed his classes, after the drop deadline, that Wow. In that situation I would certainly agree that the professor was being egregiously unfair. I'm glad that complaining at least got him demoted, but the school should also have corrected the grades of everyone who was affected--I'm guessing they didn't since you didn't mention it. > If you view the economy as a zero sum game, which might hold true, but only if you include the entire universe in your economic model This is the best way of putting this point I have ever seen. And you would do this how? You can't eliminate corporations altogether. Corporations don't magically come into existence as a result of evil forces. People create them in order to get something done. Sometimes the something is good, sometimes it's not. Y Combinator is a corporation. You also can't eliminate the human desire to rent-seek. You can constrain it, but you can't eliminate it. And it's there just as much in a government as it is in a corporation. > You basically said that US, in general, is a good guy and therefore it's justified in doing illegal, immoral things and then hunting down those who expose this behavior. That's not what he said. He said the US is, on balance, less immoral than the dictatorial regimes he named. Yet those other regimes don't get the scrutiny the US does. > If the USA does not have the level of human rights abuses of say china, does that give them a free pass? No, but it means that if your goal is to fix human rights, you're going to get a lot more "bang for the buck" going after China than going after the USA. > For better or worse, the US puts itself in that position by acting as the world police. To an extent, yes, this is a valid point. But I'm not sure "world police" is the right term. The United Nations is supposed to be playing the role of enforcing standards of civilized behavior on all nations, but it has failed miserably. The US is more like one of the more civilized citizens who is getting fed up with the stuff the less civilized citizens get away with without being called on it by either the "authorities" (the UN) or the other supposedly more civilized citizens. Which is not to say that the US always does the "right" thing when it gets fed up like this; but in many situations I'm not sure there is a "right" thing to do. The sad fact is that there are a lot of nations and a lot of people in the world who simply do not care about upholding standards of civilized behavior. > Also, Wikileaks posts leaks from countries other than the US. Yes, this is true, and I didn't mean to imply that the US was the only country being "targeted". As far as I can tell, Wikileaks is an equal opportunity organization: they're willing to piss off anyone. ;) > existing nuclear powered aircraft carriers don't always have large amounts of electricity to spare The limitation isn't the nuclear reactors, it's the electrical generators, which are only sized to make a small fraction of the total power the reactors are capable of. Most of the reactor power is for moving the ship, not making electricity. > 600 MW total, although I'm not sure if that's the output of the steam powered electrical generators, or if it's the theoretical amount of energy in the steam coming out of the reactor It's the latter. Most of that power goes to moving the ship, not making electricity. I've looked at Jekyll, but even it was a bit too complex for my needs (plus, I'd rather use Python than Ruby...). So I rolled my own: https://github.com/pdonis/simpleblog > The empty string being falsey is... very arbitrary to me. It's extremely useful in a lot of contexts. The basic logic is that an empty string is an empty container, and empty containers are false, so you can test for them more easily. > Gee, I wonder if he has a vested interest in advancing that viewpoint? Of course he does. Does that make what he says wrong? So can you think of any? > Furthermore, pg suggests that those who get rich innovate and drive society forward That's not quite what he said. He said that making money is a skill like any other, and that one way to make lots of money is to innovate and drive society forward. He didn't say that was the only way to make lots of money; of course it isn't, as you go on to note. > I think most people would agree that wealth creation is a talent like any other. Wealth creation is not the same as making money. Or, rather, it's only one way of making money. The talent pg was talking about was a talent at making money by whatever means are available. > I think where people have a problem is that the particular talent of business and wealth creation buys so much more influence in society compared with being in the top 1% of teachers, policemen, academic researchers, or even programmers. I would state this differently: I would say that where people have a problem is that the particular talent of making money buys so much more influence in society, even when it doesn't involve wealth creation. Which basically boils down to: money buys influence, regardless of how you got it. > I'm guessing those stars at 1000AU can't be much brighter than our full moon is They may well be fainter. According to Wikipedia, the Sun is about 400,000 times as bright as the full moon, on average: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apparent_magnitude So if the Sun were 1,000 AU away from us instead of 1 AU, it would be a million times fainter (1,000 squared), or less bright than the full moon. Yes, the second star would add to the brightness and make things closer. Also, I didn't see in the article what the actual brightnesses of the two stars 1,000 AU away are relative to the brightness of the Sun. I just used the Sun because it was easy to look up the relative brightness of the Sun vs. the Moon. :-) Edit: I see from looking at more recent posts that the two distant stars are thought to be spectral class G and M. The Sun is a G, so it should be about the same brightness as the brighter of the two. My take on this was along similar lines. To me, the presence of a "design pattern" means the language you're using isn't powerful enough to just encode the pattern in a reusable way; i.e., a design pattern is what you get when your language won't let you just write a library function. It's a bit interesting that Norvig talks (some) about design patterns in Lisp, since the whole point of Lisp, and particularly Lisp macros, is to be able to rewrite the language itself, so if you find yourself wanting to use a design pattern, you just write the macro that implements it for you. > Your ISP and the company that owns the wires to your house need not be the same. s/need not/are/ I guess I should have qualified my statement: yes, technically it doesn't apply if you can live with dialup or DSL. Of course, if that's the case you don't use the Internet for very much anyway. (I see from the website of Megapath, which is what Speakeasy seems to have morphed into, that they do actually provide broadband, but it looks like "small business" broadband--i.e., priced too high for a home user. Their offerings at home user prices are basically DSL.) The big thing I notice about this list is what's not on it: Google and Facebook. Imagine if you could pay $5/month to Google for search services and not have to worry about the long-term consequences of the ad-supported business model. I understand why people are frustrated, but you are failing to identify the root cause of their frustation: they were getting something of value (PR for businesses, sharing of personal information, etc.) from Facebook for free, and now they're complaining because Facebook wants to charge them for it. Guess what: Facebook owns their site, their servers, and their PR mechanisms. It's up to them what things to charge for, how to control the distribution of information that you put on their servers, etc. If someone doesn't like it, they can pay to set up their own social network. Edit: Oh, and "bait and switch" isn't really accurate. You aren't Facebook's customer. You're just a user. You agreed to let them change their services without your consent when you signed up for your account. > If Facebook does things that alienate users, then those products will walk off the shelf Hasn't happened yet, from what I can see. Perhaps I haven't made my position clear enough. I don't disagree that users are of value to Facebook, and that Facebook has an incentive to maximize that value. What I disagree with is the action that I see taken by users who are not satisfied with the exchange of value that is going on, particularly if those users are businesses. I can understand people who use Facebook personally feeling overwhelmed when its features keep changing, though I still think they ought to realize that they don't own their Facebook pages or the content on them, and talk and act accordingly. But a business using Facebook for PR, such as the OP of this thread, ought to understand that they are taking advantage of a service, and if the cost of using that service becomes greater than the benefit, they should look for another source for that service. "Customer" and "user" are just words. To me, "customer" implies that you are paying, but I'm fine with adopting a different usage of the word for purposes of this discussion. If you are a person who actually complains about Facebook's actions, then I disagree that without people like you, they don't have a site. Most users/customers don't appear to complain at all; they just keep using FB and adapting to the changes and never even think about the longer-term consequences. If all the people who actually are complaining now up and leave, FB will still have plenty of users/customers. The only way that will change is if lots of users/customers start to believe that the costs of using FB outweigh the benefits. And the only way that will change is if people who can actually find or build alternatives, like the owners of businesses that make heavy use of the Internet, lead the way. > If your startup is this cavalier towards customers, you're doing it wrong. So, basically, you're saying Facebook is doing it wrong. Please tell Mark Zuckerberg, not me. [Edit: added the below.] > So, yeah, I'm their customer. I'm what makes their site a viable business. I should probably unpack a little why I object to the word "customer" in this context. I agree that a customer doesn't have to "pay" in money; any exchange of value for value will do for that aspect of it. But a customer knows the price of what he is buying. Facebook doesn't set a price on your usage of the site; you just use it. That means you and Facebook can't exchange price signals to optimize the exchange of value; you send plenty of "signals" to Facebook as part of your usage of the site, but those signals optimize their exchange of value with advertisers and marketers, not with you. Economically speaking, this is the root cause of the problems the OP is complaining about; he has to post his complaint on his blog because he has no way of influencing FB the way a real customer would, through his purchasing behavior. (Except, of course, for the very crude option of "stop using the site altogether", which is the one I would favor. If enough people actually do that, FB might be motivated to look for ways to make its users into real customers instead of pseudo-customers. But I wouldn't hold my breath.) But some undertakings are simply too big for private corporations, and require government funding and control. I don't think it's the size of the undertakings as much as their time horizon. Corporate time horizons just aren't long enough to comprehend investing now in, say, a manned Mars mission in 2030. Even at a pretty low discount rate, the net present value in 2012 of resources mined from Mars in the 2030's is effectively zero to a corporate bean counter. The problem is that government time horizons are even shorter. The TR article talks about NASA having the technical knowledge to send men to Mars; but we had that technical knowledge in the 1970's. The problem is that, since the Apollo program (which was, I think, an outlier in this respect), the US government simply hasn't had enough consistency of purpose to reliably fund ventures that last beyond a change in the party that controls the White House and/or Congress. Also, the current military challenges that the US faces aren't things that can be solved strictly through technological innovation. It's asymmetric warfare, so there's very little incentive for the US to invest heavily into new tech. So remotely piloted drones, small weaponized robots, and ever more precisely targeted guided munitions don't count as "new tech"? To the best of my knowledge, R&D funding for new technology that might have military applications has, if anything, increased over the last 10 years or so. all truly Big problems are partly or largely social as well as technical Very true, and the TR article makes this point. However, the article doesn't even talk about how to solve the social aspects of the problems. For example, when talking about how famines are the result of political problems, not technical ones, it dismisses the political part with this comment: "famines will still occur because there will always be bad governments." What a cop out. MIT has whole departments devoted to economics and political science because it understands that intellectual tools need to be developed and applied in those disciplines just as much as in physics or engineering; why can't its magazine recognize that? (Full disclosure: TR seemed to me to be a much better magazine when I was at MIT, so I tend to rant when I see evidence of its decline.) I agree the time horizon is different in other cultures. France took 20 years to get its economy running on 75% nuclear power. China has embarked on long-term infrastructure projects. However, having a longer time horizon is not entirely a good thing either. It's a benefit if the long-term project you pick and commit resources to is a good idea; but it's much worse than the short time horizon case if the long-term project you pick is a bad idea. (Some posters in this thread have argued that the Apollo project itself is an example of the latter.) > I think the journalistic epistemology it dismisses is actually a good one I disagree with this. Basically, the journalistic "epistemology" the article describes is that journalists get access to information the rest of us can't see, so we have to take their word for whatever they say about it. That doesn't seem like a good thing to me. I don't want journalists, or anybody else, to pre-digest my information for me. I want to see the raw data. If they want to show me their spin on the data in a separate article, that's OK, but if I can't see the actual data they base their spin on, I don't trust their conclusions. Because it requires a lot more mental effort to parse a headline without vowels, and people don't want to expend mental effort to parse headlines; they want to be able to make an instant decision on the question "do I bother clicking on this headline or not?" Lack of vowels makes that much harder. > Politicians, by and large, are fairly numerate. Got any data to back this up? That word "entertaining" is the root of the problem. People don't want to actually think about issues; they want to be entertained. You can't fix problems by being entertained. hackers enter your computer to steal stuff from you, and love it Those are crackers, not hackers. http://www.catb.org/esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html#what_is (that said, I'm posting in a site calling "hacker news" heh) That's because pg understands the correct use of this terminology. The fact that most states are close to 50-50 means the nation as a whole is more divided, not less: there are lots of people in every state on both sides. I agree that whatever divides the candidates doesn't correlate to any easy demographic measure. All I was saying is that "the entire country is purple" does not, IMO, show less division than "some states are red and other states are blue". It shows more division, because instead of the country being split into large, fairly homogeneous regions, the political split is present everywhere. It would be easier for us to all get along if "red staters" and "blue staters"--yes, I know that's a shallow metaphor but this is a small input box, work with me here :)--could just live in separate states and not bother each other. The fact that people with deeply held but opposite political convictions are cheek by jowl all across the country is part of what makes it so difficult to resolve disagreements. Earth-Sun L2 where most of the solar radiation would be blocked. Only it wouldn't, because the Earth's shadow doesn't extend that far out. Earth-Sun L2 is a million miles from Earth; Earth's shadow tapers to a point well before that. Probably not by much though. Actually, I was somewhat pessimistic: Angle subtended by Earth at a million miles: (8 thousand)/(1 million) = 0.008 Angle subtended by Sun at 94 million miles: (864 thousand)/(94 million) = 0.0092 Area of Sun covered by Earth: (0.008 squared)/(0.0092 squared) = 0.76 So about 76 percent of the Sun's visible area would be covered by the Earth. The Sun would be about 1/4 as bright from L2 as it is at noon on Earth. That's still very, very bright, but there is some effect due to the Earth. Also, it's worth noting that the most dangerous radiation in interplanetary space (solar wind and cosmic rays) is not "shadowed" by the Earth in quite the same way visible light from the Sun is. The Earth's magnetosphere does have a "tail" that extends behind the Earth, but there is radiation inside it. Probably not much. Solar flares inject plasma into the magnetosphere, and because of the magnetic fields involved the motion of the plasma particles is not directly away from the Sun; they curve into the space that would otherwise be "shadowed" by the Earth. The solution to the one genuine problem mentioned in the article--that many people don't vote because the logistics are too difficult--is not online voting; it's early voting. (Which, btw, is what I believe President Obama was referring to when he said "we have to fix that" in reference to the long lines at the polls.) The article says the inherent security problems with online voting are "not impossible" to fix. In this sense, it's "not impossible" to keep Windows computers virus-free. I don't see where he gave permission for the app to post Tweets for him. He gave it access to his Twitter account, but that's not the same thing. To continue your analogy, the stranger was invited into his home, gave him a form to sign that said he could inventory the items there, got it signed, and then proceeded to publish the information in a way that wasn't mentioned on the form. He had to give the app access to his Twitter account. That doesn't mean he explicitly gave it permission to post to his Twitter account on his behalf. What's at issue here is that the tweet the software generated wasn't exactly an authorized use of the account. Which means that, regardless of the technical point that "access to the Twitter account" gives the app the ability to post, the user did not give the app permission to post. I don't know since I don't use the app; from the description given in the blog post it seems highly doubtful that the app specifically told him it was going to post to his Twitter account on his behalf without telling him. Also the app appears to be in violation of the iOS guidelines (see another post upthread), which means that it is not generally understood that apps can post on your behalf without telling you just because you give them access to your Twitter account. Translation: Lawyer fails to read fine print, then is naive enough to publicly admit same. But don't you have to actually win the lawsuit for this strategy to work? The appropriate "protection" for future customers is to publicly ridicule Microsoft for their bad marketing, and for those potential future customers to not become actual customers by not buying the device. It is not a lawsuit. This is a fine argument to make, but you don't make it with a lawsuit. You make it with publicity--negative publicity. Just telling Google and Apple should be enough; I'm sure they would be more than happy to spread the word. :-) Knowing how MS works, I wouldn't be surprised if most of the space taken up by "Office" is actually taken up by libraries that have to be there for any app to work, so even if the Office apps could be deleted, it wouldn't reclaim much space. True, but in this case the "fine print" is simply the technical details of how much of the 32 GB is actually available to the user, which MS does not make obvious, but which is available if you look for it. Lawyers, of course, are supposed to be experts at finding those kinds of details in documents, which is why I thought it amusing that this lawyer is basically admitting that he didn't bother to look below the surface. It could still make sense even for Google to do, if more of MS's potential customers would be expected to switch to Android rather than Apple. But I agree that both Google and Apple would have to look at that aspect of it, and there is something of a trade-off, the better it looks for Google the worse it is likely to look for Apple, and vice versa. From the point of view of someone who doesn't like the Surface advertising, though, that's just another reason to make sure to tell both Google and Apple. :-) I'm "naive" enough to think that if you bought into an "ecosystem" that was known to be a walled garden, you have no business complaining about the perfectly foreseeable consequences of that decision. Don't want to be part of the ecosystem? Then don't be. But what's the point of ranting about it? Just vote with your wallet. Why not? I'm not a member of any of these ecosystems. What's stopping you? You don't have to explain; just say "no thanks" and hang up. Even if the clue sinks in with the person on the phone, I doubt if it would do any good. That person isn't the one deciding who gets called and what gets asked of them. But it shows that Anil sees Facebook as almost necessary infrastructure. Not using Facebook is not a realistic possibility. If he really thinks that, he needs to take a serious step back. This is just ridiculous. The validity of Marco's argument rests on the fact that "if you just wait, you can get the media through a legit source". No, it doesn't. His argument is that if you can't get it through a legit source, don't watch it at all. In this case, piracy provides an indicator of unfulfilled demand Only if the content providers actually treat it as an indicator of unfilled demand. They're not; they're treating it as an indicator of criminal behavior. If piracy is an indicator of unfilled demand, the correct response is to fill the demand by changing your method of distribution. It's not to sue people and try to buy ever more draconian government enforcement. Personally, I think both sides in this debate are somewhat pathetic. Content providers are pathetic because they have had all this time to grok that their business model is outdated, and yet they still haven't. What is so freaking hard about distributing movies and TV shows over the Internet? But people who pirate, and then argue that it's OK because they have a "right" to watch what they want, when they want, are just as pathetic. Lots of people put in lots of work to make that TV show or that movie. If you watch what they make, you have, IMO, a moral obligation to compensate them. The fact that the content providers have a braindead business model does not relieve you of that obligation. (Btw, I'm well aware that the "content providers" aren't the ones who actually put in all the work to make that movie or that TV show. I think the people who actually do do that--actors, directors, writers, and everyone else who actually does the hard work--are making a huge mistake by hitching their fates to the fates of the media companies. But that still doesn't give me the right to get the product of their hard work for free.) How does that contradict what I said? I wasn't talking about whether or not the companies have the data; of course they do. I was talking about what they do with the data. I _do_ think that these analytics can play a big role in which shows get cancelled. So what? How does that fix the distribution problem that motivates people to pirate? And how does it affect the propensity of media companies to sue people who pirate, instead of fixing their broken distribution system? I don't see how pirating the shows, as opposed to not watching them, is any better for the writers, artists, directors, etc. all things considered. Yes, in the short term, a show might not get cancelled if pirated demand is taken into account. But the global effect is that more and more people hate the media companies because they prosecute ordinary people that just want to watch shows and movies, instead of fixing their broken distribution system. Sooner or later that is going to catch up with those companies, and when it does, all the writers, artists, directors, etc. who have tied their fates to the fates of the media companies will go down with them. If anything, pirating, as opposed to just not watching, postpones the pain of that happening, which will make it even worse when it finally does. Try convincing the media companies of this. :-) I would love it if they would accept this argument, but I'm not holding my breath. it's not clear what real benefit Tor provides us in exchange for letting this kind of activity go on How about letting people in countries like Iran and China have a fighting chance of getting the word out about what's really going on there? Does that count? How about letting people who are being stalked by creepy ex-spouses or ex-significant others have a chance of doing things online without being tracked? Does that count? How about letting people who are afraid of reprisals speak inconvenient truths without being silenced? Does that count? Basically you are saying these kinds of benefits aren't worth the chance of letting someone distribute child porn using Tor. That seems ridiculous to me. I'm not sure if there was anybody living in extreme poverty in 1800. You have got to be kidding. What we call "extreme poverty" today would have seemed like luxury to almost every human being who has ever lived. The difference today is not that there are a billion people who live in extreme poverty; it's that there are a billion who are living at a first world standard of living. That is a far higher fraction of humanity than ever before; I would be surprised if even a small fraction of a percent of all of humanity in 1800 lived at what would then have been considered a "first world" standard of living. (Not to mention that what qualifies as a first world standard of living today has, in many respects, never existed before--what qualified as "first world" in 1800 would, in many respects, be considered "extreme poverty" today.) I was under the impression that hardly anyone lived in such conditions in 1800. How do you think people lived in sub-Saharan Africa in 1800? Living at bare subsistence level is exactly how almost all humans who have ever lived, lived. Wikipedia says, "In 1820, the average European worker earned about three times what the average African did. Now, the average European earns twenty times what the average African does." That's not because Africa has gotten poorer. It's because Europe (and America) have gotten enormously richer through huge increases in productivity. As in, now 1/7 of humanity gets to live in "first world" conditions, in--wait for it--Europe and America. since colonization (which got going in earnest in 1880) the continent was basically shoehorned into modern industrial society and that now many Africans are dependent on whatever foreign aid they can get and are no longer self-sufficient The lack of self-sufficiency in Africa, where it exists, is not a product of colonialism; it's a product of post-colonialism. It's not politically correct to say so these days, but you can see from the Wikipedia page that yummyfajitas referenced that Africa's GDP was basically constant until 1820, then grew at an increasing rate up until 1973, and is now tapering again. I.e., it grew fastest under colonialism. What stopped the growth was that when colonialism was stopped, nothing workable was put in its place; instead Africa was handed over to corrupt dictators who had no ability to or interest in governing properly. today's stereotypical child in rags with ribs sticking out of his chest and a swollen belly As, for example, in England or Europe in the early 1800's. (I believe that by the early 1800's this was already somewhat less common in the USA, but that is largely due to the fact that the population of the early USA was almost entirely self-selected immigrants who came there determined to be self-sufficient, and because the USA was so sparsely settled.) If we're going to measure things in GDP, I believe that the disparity matters more than the hard numbers Matters for what? For looking at absolute wealth, it doesn't matter at all. Africa's GDP now is higher by a factor of almost 4, according to that Wikipedia page, than it was in 1820. The fact that Europe's is higher by a much larger factor doesn't change that. For analyzing root causes, yes, the disparity matters a lot: it tells you that the "first world" has done a much better job of making people richer. Which might lead one to think about what that huge increase in GDP is built on. Perhaps a desire to have something more than bare subsistence, combined with an understanding of the kind of economic, social, and cultural environment that's needed to make that happen? There's another factor too: if you just have a plot of land that is able to provide food, water, clothing, and shelter for yourself without any actual registered trade you actually contribute nothing to the GDP. And you are also at bare subsistence level. Yes, you are providing food, water, clothing, and shelter for yourself; but you are providing nothing else. If you're satisfied with having nothing but the bare amount of food, water, clothing, and shelter necessary to sustain your life, then I guess you'd be OK with that. But if that were the case, how would you be able to post here? My understanding is that this self-sufficiency was basically destroyed by colonists. No, it was changed by colonialism from bare self-sufficiency to the ability to export large quantities of food and raw materials. When colonialism ended, all the infrastructure needed to continue that level of productivity was still there. The post-colonial governments squandered it. I have a hard time believing that for the percentage of the population living in "extreme poverty" (less than $1.25 per day - note that dollars and cents matter more when you don't have other ways to provide for yourself), things were as bad when they had their own land and were self-sufficient. You and I can't make this judgment. Only the people themselves can. As yummyfajitas points out, many of them appear to be opting for modern conveniences over bare self-sufficiency. That indicates to me that if they were dropped into the same circumstances as their ancestors in 1820, they would not be pleased. Africa is "dependent" on foreign aid simply because they nowadays their population desires colonial luxuries like education and running water, whereas before colonialism they didn't know such things existed. I think there's a bit more to it than that. If African countries were governed competently, they would need much less foreign aid in order to have education and running water and mobile phones and antibiotics and so on. The reason they aren't governed competently is, as I said before, that the people who got rid of colonialism didn't put anything else working in its place. Governments are a means to solve cooperation problems. Yes, a very crude and usually ineffective one. So are corporations. There is no good means to solve cooperation problems in the general case. The only way we know of that actually works is to have a group of people who are all committed to a specific goal and who all share the same factual beliefs as to how best to reach that goal. That is very rarely true, which is why cooperation problems rarely get solved very well. What I don't understand is why using this passphrase doesn't obligate the buyer to return the item. if the buyer is complaining "not as described", there should need to be some sort of attempt to return the item Exactly. I'm extremely confused as to why this does not appear to have been brought up by any of the parties in the OP's case. He went straight to his credit card and they took his side. Took his side as far as the chargeback, OK, I can see that. It's not very encouraging, but I can see it. But took his side as far as keeping the item and getting his money back? That I don't see at all. How is that possible? And how would PayPal, and eBay for that matter, not expect a return? My understanding (though I'm no astrophysicist) is that gravity boost from a planet works because of the relative velocities between the planet and the sun, whereas trying to use the sun's gravity to boost your solar system escape velocity would fail since gravity would be fighting you on the way out just as much as it was helping you on the way in. Yes, this is basically correct. What a gravity boost from a planet does is transfer a very small amount of the planet's orbital kinetic energy to the spacecraft; it puts the planet into a slightly smaller orbit, and boosts the spacecraft to a higher speed on its way out. Since the Sun is what the planets are orbiting, this trick obviously won't work the same way with the Sun. (Technically, the Sun itself, or more precisely the center of mass of the Solar System, is orbiting the center of the galaxy; so I suppose it would be theoretically possible to fly a spacecraft by the Sun in such a way as to transfer a very small amount of its orbital kinetic energy with respect to the center of the galaxy to the spacecraft, so it would fly outward faster than it went in, even after taking into account the slowdown climbing out of the Sun's gravity well. But I doubt we're going to be in any practical position to try this any time soon.) Yes, I can see that being an issue, and as a seller, you would want to somehow document what was actually shipped, otherwise the buyer could indeed ship back a bogus item. But to not even raise the question of a return at all? That doesn't make sense to me. Possibly because the downvoters did not see yummyfajitas' posts as "condescending"; they just saw him pointing out facts that you find inconvenient. (Note: I was not one of the downvoters; I don't have enough karma to downvote, but even if I did, I would not have downvoted your post. I didn't see yummyfajitas' posts as being condescending, but "condescending" is subjective, so I would have left it to yummyfajitas to respond if he felt so inclined.) Some of the services referred to in the article are not free; they make money the old-fashioned way, by charging users for services provided (at least for some level of service). There are no degrees in "Climate Science". But plenty of skeptics on global warming alarmism are PhD's in the relevant academic fields (one good example is Richard Lindzen at MIT), and they are still teaching students and helping some of them to get PhD's. That said, I agree that academia is heavily skewed on the topic of global warming alarmism; I just think the skewing is more subtle than keeping skeptics from getting degrees. I think it takes the form of pressuring journals not to publish results that don't support the "consensus". And, of course, making sure that all the "official" information that politicians use to justify policies comes from the IPCC, and then controlling the IPCC process to only produce results that support the "consensus". Hm, yes, so there is at least one degree program in "Climate Sciences" (they use the plural, not the singular, but that's a minor point). So I should amend that particular claim to: most of the people working in the field called "climate science" do not have degrees in "climate science(s)". Most of them seem to have degrees in physics, meteorology, "earth science" or some variant thereof, or geology. I don't think this materially affects the rest of what I said. There's an interesting comment about super-efficient LED bulbs in that museum of hoaxes article. However, the numbers look marginal for this GravityLight even with super-efficient LED bulbs. Quick back of the envelope calculation, using what few numbers are given in the article. Ballast: m = 10 kg (1) Height: h = 3 m (2) Energy stored: E = mgh = 300 J Time: 30 min = t = 1800 s (3) Wattage available: P = E / t = 0.17 W (4) Notes: (1) Article says you can hang anything weighing about 20 lbs. (2) No numbers given in the article, but the pictures make it look like ceiling height (8 to 10 ft., I took the larger) (3) Article says light for half an hour. (4) With current LEDs this is the equivalent of about a 2 W incandescent bulb, i.e., pretty dim. The light in the pictures in the article looks like the equivalent of about a 40 W incandescent bulb, so the numbers come up short by a factor of about 20. That would indeed be "super-efficient" for an LED; I'm not aware of any even on the drawing boards that are that efficient. [Edit: The numbers actually are not too low compared to kerosene lamps, which are what this light is supposed to replace. See exchange downthread with xd.] Well, shortening the time by a factor of 20 makes it a minute and a half of light equivalent to a 40 W incandescent bulb. So maybe this is really a combination light and exercise machine? :-) It depends on what you're trying to do. For just minimal seeing, yes. For reading, or many kinds of tasks, not so much. There's not enough in the article to know for sure how they're pitching it to the people that might actually use it. Check your math. I used 10 instead of 9.8 for g since I was just doing a "back of the envelope" calculation. 10 x 10 x 3 = 300. Yes, you're right, I remember similar things from my time in the Navy. This kind of lighting regime is normal in the combat spaces of a ship, even in the daytime. The GravityLight article does say that it's meant to replace kerosene lamps, which according to Wikipedia range from 20 to 100 lumens: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kerosene_lamp This is about the equivalent of a 1.6 W to 8 W incandescent bulb, so you're right, I was too quick to dismiss the numbers as being too low. They're certainly low compared to what first world citizens are used to, but they are roughly equivalent to what the target users are used to. You're right. I did say it was a back of the envelope calculation. :-) If you have a 50% efficient generator, just double the size of the ballast; 20kg is still reasonable. Or double the height, though that would be somewhat harder; you would need some kind of pulley arrangement. Or some combination of the two. Also, I think low voltage DC generators can do considerably better than 50%; the numbers for this kind of application can be quite different than those for the kind of large scale AC generators we're used to. I think it must be the shock that comes from being at the top of one's high school, then arriving at MIT and no longer being head-and-shoulders above most of one's peers. It's been a while since I was at MIT, but this was my experience and that of a lot of the people I knew there. I have to admit, though, that if I had taken a survey like this while I was there, I would have rated myself above average. :-) maybe the administration should see if there's something they can do to give students a more realistic view of where they stand. Many of the courses I took, at least for the first couple of years, were graded on a curve, so you could tell where you stood, at least roughly, by your grade. Perhaps that's less prevalent now. See the numbers below. It's about the equivalent of a 2 W incandescent bulb, or 5% of a 40 W bulb; but more importantly, it's comparable to a kerosene lamp, which is what it's supposed to replace. So I don't think a "crackpot" charge is warranted. As posts upthread have shown, the light output will be comparable to a kerosene lamp, which is what these lights are supposed to replace. It doesn't take a "crazy weight" or "a lot of elevation". And the difference between 50% efficiency and 100% efficiency is only a factor of two; that's well within the range of making reasonable adjustments in the weight and/or height. As far as voltage/amperage is concerned, I would expect the generator to be low voltage DC, matched to some voltage in the range the LED light could support. AFAIK LED lights are fairly tolerant of a range of low DC voltages, so I don't see this as a major issue. See the numbers upthread; it's comparable to a kerosene lamp. No, it isn't. See the numbers upthread. Looks like the half an hour duration is only good for powering a LED at a small power Yes, about a tenth of a watt (see the numbers upthread). However, that gives an LED light output that's comparable to a kerosene lamp. So it could be worth it for the target users. It's comparable in brightness to a kerosene lamp, which is what it's supposed to replace. the duration and brightness numbers for this don't add up either They do if you're comparing it to a kerosene lamp; kerosene has certainly not been "replaced" in parts of the world that don't have easy access to batteries or electricity in general. See the numbers elsewhere in the thread. And it apparently does use an LED light. See the numbers elsewhere in the thread. LED light output comparable to a kerosene lamp for 30 min. is reasonable with the numbers they've given. A heavier weight might fix the problem, though. And/or more height. The numbers are comparable to the low end of kerosene lamps as given. Um, did you look at the numbers? The physics does work out, at least to a rough order of magnitude. That may not be enough to make it a practical success, but it's enough to make "crackpot" unwarranted. If you're trying to produce light equivalent to what we're used to in first world countries, yes, you're right. If you're only trying to replace kerosene lamps, you don't need much power. A tenth of a watt with an LED gives a light output comparable to a kerosene lamp. See the numbers elsewhere in the thread. They do if you're trying to replace kerosene lamps, which is what these lights are intended to do. Do you have any specific numbers you're not happy with? Treating patents as a property right allowed them to take the invention and "exit" by selling it to someone else. And what is the someone else going to do with that right that makes it worth $700 million? That's the key question. If what makes that right worth $700 million is that the someone else is going to manufacture the drug in large quantities and sell it at a profit, great! That's what the patent system is for. If what makes that right worth $700 million is that the someone else is going to sue anyone who tries to manufacture the drug without a license and collect damages, that's not great. Either the drug won't be manufactured at all, which removes the justification for allowing it to be patented in the first place, or it will be manufactured at an extra cost, the licensing fee and/or damages, which means less of it will be manufactured or it will sell at a higher price. In other words, a "non-practicing entity" who buys a patent like this one without intending to use it, is basically extracting an extra fee from everyone who needs the drug, without providing any compensating value. The economic term for that is "deadweight loss", and it's not a good idea. That's why patents should be held by those who are going to actually use them. I have used Lisp as a hobbyist but always find myself coming back to the same issue: not every data structure is a list. http://blog.peterdonis.com/rants/why-python-not-lisp.html Another way to put it, as I did at the end of that post, is: why should I have to reprogram my brain to fit the language? There is a value to allowing the inventor to cash out immediately with an NPE instead of taking the time to find a suitable buyer who will actually use the patent. If the NPE actually does do work to find a buyer, so that he buys the patent for, say, $700 million but then sells it a year later, say, for $1.5 billion to a manufacturer, then I agree; the NPE in that case is adding value by doing "brokering" work that the original inventor didn't want to do, and was willing to take a quicker exit at a lower valuation to avoid. But it seems to me that patent troll companies are buying patents with the explicit intention of doing nothing with them other than extracting fees and/or settlements, i.e., that they are adding no value. Here are the five missing lines which made you not use Lisp Yes, I know the init-hash-table function is easy to write. I didn't mean to imply that the function was complicated, or that writing it was a "hurdle", or that not having the function was what made me not use Lisp. I wasn't talking about one particular function; I was talking about the general fact that, for the programs that I've been writing, the advantages of Lisp did not, for me, outweigh the disadvantages. Your mileage may vary, of course. Lisp is for those who want to reprogram the language to enhance the brain. This is a valid point. I try to use Python this way as well, and so far I haven't run up against a specific case where its limitations compared to Lisp were enough to push me over the edge. If I were to change my mind at some point, it would be because of some way that I wanted to reprogram Python but couldn't. they are probably going to miss the profound ah-ha many of us got when leaning a Lisp I think I've at least had some sort of "aha" from learning Lisp; it just doesn't necessarily translate into something that's worth the extra investment of using Lisp for the practical programming projects I've encountered thus far. (To be fair, part of that is the relative paucity of good libraries for Lisp implementations, compared to, for example, Python, with its "batteries included" philosophy.) But even when I'm using, say, Python, I am still able to make use of the "aha" in some ways. Python 3.3 fixes this with the "yield from" keyword: http://docs.python.org/3.3/whatsnew/3.3.html#pep-380 If Javascript did the same thing, you would write yield from second_sound(); in hour_sound, and then you could run hour_sound as a generator and it would Just Work. once you've crossed the event horizon, can neural signals travel in a direction opposite the center of the singularity? They don't have to for your brain and nervous system to continue functioning. Suppose you are falling feet first towards the singularity, and your feet send a nerve signal to your head. From your viewpoint, the signal travels up your body normally. But from the "god's-eye" viewpoint, the nerve signal from your feet to your head just falls towards the singularity more slowly than your feet and head do, so your feet fall away from the signal and your head catches up with it. if you emitted light (which is in principle no different from an electrical impulse) from just under the barrier what prevents it from traveling past the barrier and away? The "barrier" you speak of (the event horizon) is already traveling outward at the speed of light. Gravity curves spacetime so much at the horizon that a light beam traveling radially outward stays at the same radius forever. Inside the horizon, spacetime is curved even more strongly, so that a light beam traveling radially outward still gets pulled inward towards the singularity.