Same experience with me. I have mostly only consulted with large companies. There are some companies that insist on solid code and design. There are others that just live from quarter to quarter and the whims of the CEO and just throw out whatever is done at the end of the quarter. Having a great lawyer team chomping at the bit for litigation helps their confidence in living from quarter to quarter. I have my fingers crossed for snap packages. I've only installed the spotify 'snap' and it works flawlessly. I haven't mucked about with any other packages yet I sort of agree. I wouldn't use linux except for programming tasks unless the major distros like fedora and ubuntu had everything that I needed for the most part. Most people can't compile code and go off and figure out library issues if the build goes belly up. I've used linux desktop for years and it has always been stabble for me I haven't tried apple. My desktop stays up for weeks. You are the real MVP. Carry on. Wait... everyone in America isn't a WASP from Iowa? Same. I couldn't handle all the blood and people dying left and right every day. It wasn't from your perspective, it was clearly the opinion of the author who never claimed it was universal. You get paid based on demand, not on artistic ability. You could be the best scientist in the world with 4 degrees and if there was demand for your degrees, you'd be no better off than the sculpture working out of his basement when he got home from his barista job. It's a numbers game. I choose bacon. If it was "increases your chance 4X" then they might have had me, but 0.18% over an already small chance.... meh. Very badly written article. Once excerpt "The WHO advised that consuming 50g of processed meat a day – equivalent to just a couple of rashers of bacon or one hotdog – would raise the risk of getting bowel cancer by 18% over a lifetime. (Eating larger amounts raises your risk more.) Learning that your own risk of cancer has increased from something like 5% to something like 6% may not be frightening enough to put you off bacon sandwiches for ever." That math is terrible. It's 5% for cancer, not bowel cancer. The author has an extremely poor grasp on numbers, and is clearly trying to elevate the scare factor. It's probably more dangerous to drive to work for an extra couple of months of your life than it is to eat bacon. I just hope we can even find a xeno microbe to put another nail in the coffin of organized religion. Fun maybe, but it's not really practical. I don't know why people don't use signal more. It's a much better thought out tool. Eh they should have stayed private. Private companies have more control over their future. Public companies move to a quarter by quarter cycle and innovation goes at a snail's pace as marketing and bean counters take over. Unfortunately courts don't pay attention to your opinion. They only pay attention to grumpy old codgers who don't really understand technology or innovation. They only understand precendents or long ago useless decisions of previous courts and the pragmatism of someone raised on thoughts on computers and ideas of fairness from the 1950s. I bet if one looks hard enough he would find links between these judges and moneyed interests tracing back to Oracle. Good luck with those ping times if you're a gamer. We don't care. Have a good life. Bureaucracy is often the result of hysteria. The USA is hysterical over terrorism when it should be hysterical over cancer, college cost increases, and health care. It's all a product of the government realizing that it's easy to fool the bleating masses with terrorist straw men. Cronometer and Carb manager are better Lots of people I know in Kentucky eat them as well. It seems that if you can just blacklist coins, and since eventually bitcoin will be all mined out (for all practical purposes) that eventually all bitcoins would become tainted since humanity will always have crime and money laundering. Am I missing something here? I'm sure gold was used for all sorts of nefarious uses but nothing stops that "bad gold" from going back into the gold monetary system. This just seems like a bad idea all the way around. This is why for those 'special' videos one should always just use a handheld camera and not their cell phone. But the public will never learn. It is best to never have any Chinese company store your data. They are by law (and under severe penalties) required to make all data in their possession available to government officials at any time that it is requested. Dictatorships are like that. Facebook is burning. Lol. They suffer a minor setback and they're "burning". Right now there is not much of alternative to facebook, it will be just fine. Yet another reason not everything needs to be connected all the time. I don't need my fridge reminding me to get eggs or that the milk is out of date. Those things are readily apparent. Don't worry about it, some people want everything for free, if they want to cite you they should plan that the internet is temporary and there is no guarantee that content will be there in the next 15 minutes let alone a few years. Keep deleting your stuff and don't worry about the people who think you should do this or do that with the way you handle your internets. Everyone has had security problem since I started in the industry 25 years ago. -everybody- Exactly, you can be a programmer and be a capitalist too. May the best paradigm or hybrid of the various paradigms win. Meh, I've known cops retiring at 55 they are in better shape than your typical 55 year old programmer, same with other blue collar workers. They may not be able to run down a 25 year old perp but physically they are above average. This is why I treat IM at work the same as email. I show up as unavailable and check a few times a day. If someone really needs me instantly they can come to my cube. They also have to pay back the people they snookered all their money plus interest. That's been stated in the articles that I've ready about the matter. You're wrong, in addition to the fine paid to the Feds, they also have to pay back the people they lied to along with interest. It's like putting a cover on a book that is related to the matter in the book, to keep you reading because you may start getting bored, so they pull out a sound byte. Pretty obvious. lol I read that as "AVI support" and thought you were being sarcastic :) If that is true what happens when all the bitcoins are basically mined out? That doesn't seem to jive. Use waze, it works better anyway and basically uses the same info backend as google maps I wouldn't mind them using aggregate anonymous information, but they don't need to know my every move, so I turn off google everything and use alternatives. use startpage.com google search without the tracking checkout startpage and searx as well. better results than DDG can i just use "me@gmail.com" rather than some company name? I'd really just be paying for the knowledge that google isn't plowing through my data and sending it to 3rd parties. My company name is already associated with another host provider. try 1 cent. Android does not leak like a sieve. All you have to do is not use Google services. There are plenty of others if you're willing to pay a little bit. Or pay for GSuite and they turn the tracking off. Nothing in this world is free except a mother's love. You have to at least give him credit, he didn't use a car metaphor. So what is your solution? Marxism? Communism? Anarchy? Honest questions why would you need a blockchain for this? I can understand for money transactions/contractual signing but for Facebook? Does anyone really care that there is a ledger for Facebook? I predict they want to ad advertising but won't break the encryption for snooping purposes. If they hook it to the FB account they can just use the ad preferences that their AI picks out from FB interactions. Even if not everyone has FB account, a majority probably do. I don't think it gets personalized unless you "login" to the your firefox account. But the beauty of mastodon is you can go find a conservative group to talk on if you don't like the one that banned you. Or even start your own. Definitely aliens, this is a cover up Yep 11 days to get a janitor -- definitely a "Roswell" incident here ;) Alex Jones is on it! Nothing in space in usual or "safe". There is always a relatively large chance that you can end up in a fireball relative to say getting on an airplane or driving to work. I wouldn't ever take space for granted at this point. Without heroes the public will turn against it and not give a damn about robots and computers. I think we need manned space programs to keep the momentum going. Otherwise everyone will be like "why are we in space when the homeless don't have homes". I know it's stupid logic but that the way the masses think quite often. so you better not have that last gallon of ben and jerry's before you take off for your 6 month space station stint. I can't personally because 8 inches down is solid rock. To remove all that rock would cost a fortune to get down to 6feet. Thank you so much for open sourcing the whole thing! modern c++ provides fixes for everything he mentions in the article without completely swapping out all the experience gained from decades of existence. People just aren't using it enough. It's all there. Depends on where you work. Some of us aren't in academia. I simply refactor in modern c++ wherever I can and use "nothing but" whenever we start a new project. You get awesome ideas, and then reality kicks in. I agree this is the market correction I've been waiting on. yeah just volatility in a relatively new market, I expect 10,000 by February You mean the fact that it can be split ad infinitum and new bit coin like currencies with much better properties can be had at the drop of a hat by any dude or dudette in his-her den? Shipping (boats onna water) aren't the 90% problem to solve, that is all on land. You solve that before you worry about the other 10% Now if we would only take on smart modern nuclear reactors, but I'm afraid the greenies in the USA will keep killing that and eventually we'll be buying advanced modular nuclear power from the Chinese in about 10 years. It's far more about politics than it is oil. If we lose Saudia Arabia to China/Russia the US influence in the middle east will be nil and then there will be 0% chance of democracy, just more more Dictatorship. Why would Saudi Arabia be any different than Russia or China (who we trade with (minus the Trump idiocy) without compunction) we don't comment on their murder of journalists or their dictatorships? Saudi Arabia is our only big ally in the region, why do you want to cut off all ties to them? It won't change anything and will just hurt us in the long run. If anything the military side of things is far more advantageous to us than the oil. They are the major counter balance to the theocracy in Iran that would like to unbalance the entire region and establish an Iranian born caliphate. Some AI laughed at your email, put a +1 on a category threshold counter and then deleted it. I hope you didn't put too much effort into it. Why not? Just keep a backup like any sane individual. actually not having logs is a great thing for legal reasons. If you are in the USA you are not required to keep logs for a service like this so I would not keep logs if I were you so that you don't get tied up with legal issues. At worst they make you shut down your service. Actually the article is on point because IBM was king of the hill at one point, but isn't really all that competitive or innovative any more. MS has shown it has an ability to change direction. It's not going overboard. I've heard more than one person refer to it as Darwin at work or "they deserved it for being weak" I think the whole point is that the Chinese government will buy (if allowed) or steal the IP (if not allowed) without compunction or care about agreements. China could take over Taiwan in a month or less if they really wanted to though, so I wouldn't count on that being an obstacle if China and the USA get into a real war Same in the companies I've contracted for, not really that many east Asians, almost all American and Indians It's mostly about catching up so that there's an equal playing field. Sounds legit. I would like to keep one for a pet but they only live a few years. Been through that with a rat, won't do it again; even kits and pups only last 15 years or so. too soon I have read about a problem on some mac laptops where turning off the hardware acceleration for rendering leads to significant increases in responsiveness. Turn that off under settings and see what happens. It's a good thing that you don't run the world then :) . I prefer choice to dictatorships. I certainly don't want google to be my dictator because lazy developers want it easy :). It's great that you don't own a car. Cars are a part of modern day life. Some of us don't want to go without one though. The non-car owners will just have to deal with it. All the cars are in legal spaces. I don't even really have a problem with the scooters either, they're kind of fun to tool around on the weekend when I park my car somewhere downtown and want to run around and experience the city. They are completely orthogonal. Social good is the "quality" of being good for society. Political correctness is almost always a complete waste of time for any society. It is a dead obvious strategy in light of recent political correctness driving the dropping of socially unpopular charities/individuals from places like patreon, along with the universality of digital currency. until there is a digital currency that is the only digital currency and not everyone can just make a new digital currency then there won't be any 'real' digital currencies that will stand the test of time. That's why you get a buyer's agent who has fiduciary responsibility to -you-. They split the typical 6% between themselves and the seller's agent. That's not true in a general sense at all. My agent actively dissuaded me from several houses and pointed out why they were a bad deal. In the end I ended up with a house that I found while driving around a neighborhood I liked. The BA helped me with all the paperwork and made sure I didn't have any issues with the purchase as well. haha definitely reverse caveat emptor :) Yeah they could totally keep it for no more than 2 or 3 months and 99.999% of any problems with "auditing" would also be handled. He knows what's is waiting for him in US prisons. A lifetime of legalized torture I strongly suggest that this is due to being colleges that you can afford if you get in which directly correlates to your parents' incomes, connections, and support which greatly increases your odds to becoming a richer adult. Wouldn't they just cheat with some of the common methods and train some AI with the packet dumps to spot it? I remain a keto advocate but I can understand why vegetarians do what they do and kudos to them for choosing to do it. However, if I have to listen to one more skinny white girl angrily try to convince me that I'm evil because I'm not vegan/vegetarian I might crack and yell back. Why would it go through the same transition as tobacco? There is absolutely nothing good about tobacco. Meat however is nutritious, delicious, and healthy. I do agree with vegans that it is resource intensive compared with veggies. I will be happy to consume lab grown meat or veggie based meats as long as they don't have dangerous carbs and still taste as good as the original. I disagree with you, there are far too many hands in the pot at WHO to take them with anything other than a grain of salt: https://www.cancertodaymag.org/Pages/Winter2018-2019/Carb-Co... I'm counting on greed. We know their business model depends on money from people who at least think they're not selling their traffic info. One bad rumor and evidence that they're selling the info to google and their business is dead. Nah when you hit 50 you're basically just a burned out husk and can't learn anything new, not even your muscles. Love, Silicon Valley I have worked 75 hour weeks but only like a couple times a year, people who say they work that much are usually filling their time with worthless filler. I bet less that 1% of them actually do it. The rest is meetings, web surfing, wasting time on the phone. However business owners can easily do this when profits are down. I'm in this situation. I spend about 30 hours on real development and 10 hours on self improvement (trying new stuff/learning new techniques) . I easily get as much done as my co-workers who go to every meeting and work overtime. Difference is I'm not burned out like the ones who try to look like "company men" by putting in 50 hours a week and attending every little corporate meeting and event that happens. That varies by company. I have worked in Europe and those individuals goofed off just as much as my American compatriots AND had fewer hours. I've had lawyer friends like this. Doing law research can drain the soul after about 40 hours a week. 40 hours is enough for me. It will fuck up your health. Also it will set the precedent that you are okay with working crazy hours for months on end for no additional benefit to yourself. I did it, it took me a couple years to lose the extra weight I gained. Just don't do it, your health ain't worth it. If you're going to do it, then please take an evening off to cook good food for yourself during the week and get at least 7 hours of sleep a night. that type of work is < 0.1% for most of the use cases we're talking about here. Generally it's just a huge corp abusing their employees. But on average they died within 5 years because of stress/cardio incidends and mcdonald's cheese burger being their primary source of sustenance. So over a 10 year span the normies were 50% more productive. 168k is nothing, that's less than an image by the standards of many web elements these days. A little civil disobedience is good for the soul I think people want an economic bloc with free trade and travel. I don't think they want a new European government controlling their lives. Meh, Ayn Rand is wrong, lots of people do things that they'd rather not be doing for the good of their family/friends/society. I'm not sure why so many people adhere to her antisocial musings. Sure some people only do things that only make them feel good. Altruism exists despite all the Randians attempts to morph it into something else so they can feel better about being greedy/self-centered/self-serving like them. It's basically be because the natural tendency of government is acquire and centralize as much power as possible. Now some forms of government take longer but without constant review and concern by citizens in a democracy it will gradually move towards a despotic regime. In some countries like China it has already happened because individual freedom isn't that valuable to the general citizenry, in the USA and Europe it is moving in that direction. Citizens need to become more active and vote for parties that advocate for more freedom rather than less. Overpriced. However I don't see them going belly up like all the naysayers over in the corner with pitchforks who are declaring them doomed Facebook has very little overhead compared to uber lol well I just search and duckduckgo has almost nothing -but- python (the language) links about removing from a list. Are you sure you didn't make a typo? I suppose it is possible duckduckgo saw your search comment and "fixed" it, but I have my doubts. If you wanted site specific stuff add site:python.org Yeah I just tried it again recently and was pretty how much they have improved in the couple of years since I last gave it a shot they don't keep logs so it's impossible for them to turn over your search history and ip address Not sure, no problem here, images load almost instantly. Searches are find, maybe a few times a week I use !g because ddg didn't find what I was looking for Not inferior. If you don't like it then use google, no one will cry over your decision. Privacy holds a lot of value for a lot of people, if it doesn't for you then that's your choice and no one is telling you to start taking it seriously, that is a personal issue, tbh Nothing beats a hamburger with fresh chopped onions, american cheese, mustard, and pickles on a brioche bun. I will fight over that. and the aluminum gets recycled! I get online, select the stuff I want, and then go pick it up (to save delivery fee) that beats all this efficiency stuff about cashiers and aisles and people and UPC. I don't have to worry about any of that. Just a leisurely drive and then they load up my trunk. Don't copy that floppy! It does land on you via higher prices. Nothing in life is free. I never take them up on their offer, I would rather leave the service for the elderly, handicapped, or extremely pregnant women. not sure why 10 people needed to answer your question lol No it's a common courtesy to put them in a coral or return them to the entrance (if it's a small lot). You aren't supposed just leave them in the parking lot just drift and bang into people's cars and block spaces. That's just lazy. I did a project like this recently. Had been using a particularly piece of crap java software for 3 months, got tired of it, and rewrote a much improved version in ruby that using KISS. It does 90% of what the other framework does and is about 10% the size. I haven't needed the 10% I left out at all and other people are adopting it. It definitely falls under your "take a small project, and get some success at the end of the tunnel and learn some new stuff" They are free to exclude whatever they like, they're a private company and not beholden to what you think they should be doing. If they do the wrong thing they will go on the trash-heap of bad ideas in history, so far they're doing okay as far as being a business goes. Meh, if there is a backdoor it will be used, a warranty is a nicety and not required when the government steps in, including the US government. They break the law all the time, as was indicated by PRISM and numerous other illegal surveillance processes. All governments do it, it's just that China is turning it into an art form and flagrantly doing it and letting us all know they are building up a database on their own people to decide whether they are good people or not. Blocking Huawei is strictly to protect the USA's military interests, it's not about privacy. Cisco and Qualcomm may build in back doors but they are the USA sanctioned backdoors. That why Big H is getting the boot during 5G rollout It wasn't legal because it completely violates the 4th amendment in the mind of any reasonable person. The government said that was okay, but really it wasn't okay, and we all know that it was unConstitutional under even the most liberal interpretation of the 4th amendment. If China shut down apple then you would see company/capital flight from China like you've never before seen in history. The communist party is powerful but I doubt if they could handle a 20% spike in unemployment of some of the best jobs in the country. Not true. Hardly, look at what the Chinese are doing in Africa and the "Silk Road" initiative and how they load down countries with borrowing so they can come in and clean up 10 years later. Nah, Texas did the best thing, take out the useless red light cameras. One less Big Brother operation is always a good thing. that's incorrect in urban areas. Most modern areas use cameras and sensors and traffic information to decide lights switching to adjust for traffic. Most rural areas dont' have the money for such data/sensor setups and just set up "common sense" timers Yeah but median salary in bay area is probably twice to three times what it is in most urban texas areas. so $350 isn't a big deal. Yep Americans want SUVs and Trucks mostly these days. Most people who want cars either want cheap/gas efficient ones (commuters/college students) or muscle cars. The 4 door sedan is in a death spiral I don't think it's an option except in special cases or on company vehicles and large transport trucks I'd be willing to bet that QUIC will not replace TCP in our lifetimes. I think it's a VM made using the Docker ecosystem (file system segregation, siloing of other dependencies to the container, etc) What could possibly go wrong. I'm sure they have a much better system in place by now. LOTS of security companies do code reviews and constantly looking for security holes in OSS, it is after all a huge feather in their cap and reputation boost to find holes and earn the big $$. Imagine if they were able to find a deliberate hole in NSA provided UEFI code. The NSA is a huge place, you saw only a small segment. Their primary role is to spy on US and international citizens and make sure that nothing diabolical is going on. PRISM (and other programs revealed by Snowden) showed that they have no qualms about violating the Constitution and privacy rights of citizen in pursuit of their job. I am sure there are lots of good people at the NSA just working 9 to 5 feeding their families, however don't overlook that their job is to spy on anything and everything that is going across the internet in order to look for threats to the country, whether it is constitutional or not. I have a Nigerian prince friend who will make your finances a lot easier to calculate. PM me for more. If it shards well and you have the capital to buy hardware, there's nothing wrong with using python Am I the only person who uses gitk and doesn't have any real problems with it? Looks better on the resume. Both are great tools IMNSHO Same, but I don't really have that many different use cases as a developer. I wouldn't want to be the tools guy maintaining it all for 100+ developers though :) No I would say it's a little snarky but in a time of overuse of political correctness that every little bit of rebellion helps. I so wish my company would ditch them and use opensource alternatives. I'm so tired of feeding of the beast, yet we just get deeper and deeper in. Hmmm our confluence is pretty snappy I never notice any real lag. Especially compared to most web sites off campus. Jira on the other hand... More power to him. This is hardly a social media blast. I don't agree. I think it's a positive. Not everyone agrees with your utopian public transportation and cutting back to as minimalist a life as possible. I agree, the buses are usually empty to half full. Unless you get soldiers marching people out to buses the US to go work for the "greater good" everyone is going to use cars until the traffic jams become simply too long. Police enforcement at gun point then. Are you good with that? a lot of people want to make things scriptable. I've never seen this before, and am glad that I have. One of the ten thousand I guess and I visit hacker news at least a few times a week. There are tons of new stuff on here everyday. No use complaining about a repost It's waaaaaaaayyyyy early to blame this on "vape lung". Always be skeptical of people who have an agenda to eliminate something. Why would there be a "ramp up" period. The number of vapes is going up rapidly, but the death rate would likely stay the same unless someone started suddenly spiking the vape liquid with lead or something. If anything it would go down as the possible culprits causing deaths are discovered and eliminated. Yeah but this guy handled it respectfully. He's even releasing a final version. So people can fork it and do what they will. You can't really blame him. 10 years is a long time to maintain something anyway. Yep I have a couple of anonymous MIT softwares out there with decent documentation. that's all you get from me, along with quarterly or so updates. I do it for fun not to please everyone. Exactly. so many people don't have a clue about GPL and LGPL. If you're the originator you have more rights than people who you make it available to. He wasn't being an ass, DanielK was. It's HIS original software, he can distribute as he pleases. He wanted to let the users of his software know why he was quitting. Not everything has to be honey soaked drivel. He gave his opinion. It had a little bit of well deserved ranting in there but it did let everyone know that the library is deprecated and you're now on your own with it. That's not at all what this is about. He didn't want money, he just didn't want to be treated like crap. Are you DanielK? Learned my lesson. If I release something now I put it under MIT license and add some decent documentation and hopefully the code is well written and commented enough that any half way decent programmer can make use of it. No contact mail, no grief. Reports like this are useless without stats on how big of a difference it made. Similar but we always had at least 2 dogs. My dad would it's not right for them to not have a buddy to hang out with since they couldn't come in the house with us. Politics in SF are so corrupt that it's laughable. The city is going to have to start rezoning soon or something is going to snap and companies will move away or the best people will decide it's not worth the hastle and go to other parts of the country and start their own startups. That's why I like living in Houston. Sure it's Texas but it's so much more diverse here than most cities. And the food is wonderful. Money convinces a lot of people, especially if the land goes from being only to support 1 family to 40+ because of vertical advantage. Yeah not sure what that poster was basing his incorrect point on. It's just faster internet. They may have something with "aesthetics" but that smells of NIMBYism which is driven by rich locals when 75% of the populace has no problem with it. There are no health risks either, that is just the imagination of people who follow Alex Jones or who believe in crystal energy. The FCC needs to bully them. This is the same thing. Tech bros on here supporting NIMBYism though is scary, didn't think that would happen on HN I agree with you 100%, nice to see a sane response. This is why I like python and C, almost impossible to layer in multiple layers of opaqueness with them. You can almost always deconstruct what the original person was trying to do, whether they were successful or not. I really don't believe people when they say "I had problems with performance on browser _________ so I switched to browser ___________". Both firefox and chrome are about equally performant with chrome having the edge, as any cursory internet research will show. I choose firefox because the organization behind it cares about it's users more than making a buck Exactly. C philosophy is to use libraries and not put things like a better string library in the core functions of the language. It keeps the language relatively clean and easy to understand, unlike c++ Sounds like a socialist policy. It's not good. What LA needs is more competition and less zoning to lower prices and allow better results. I agree definitely mostly dead and slowly dying off in exponential decay. Used to like my summaries but over time sites dropped it or only updated once in a blue moon. Mostly moved on to just bookmarking my favorite sites and making due. Nerd cred. You're probably not the typical user. This comes in handy for someone who always has a bunch of data inflow like a sysadmin, devops, tools person, etc. Or just an overworked programmer. Something's up with your install. I paste stuff in all the time without issue. I mean I paste a -lot- of memes and text with no issues. Mozilla project would dissolve before they let google tell them how to make their browser So I suppose that we should ban series about suicide... Also the more people that drive, also increases the number of people who die on the road, thus it follows that we ban driving. Limiting freedoms won't fix this, it just gives the government more incentive to keep the ball rolling and ban everything. Getting power begets the persons wanting more power after that, and on and on. You still have to get a license and those are expensive and not easy to get. They fix security stuff all the time. Why advertise that you failed. There's nothing to be done about it. I'm taking this point of view as a company. Telling people that you failed is not good advertising. It's bad advertising. The purpose of a corporation is to make money for stockholders, not report to you that they failed to protect you from hackers. There is no advantage to letting you know, it's much better to just fix it and push the fix and be done with it. Corporations are not moral beings, it's silly to think of them in that manner. there are like 10 million twitter apps why not switch to one of those and drop the one that makes your phone a POS? You're wrong. Letting it run out isn't bad for your battery. At most you'll get an extra 10% of battery life out of the "don't go below 30% or above 80% when charging to get the best life out of your battery". I use my phone and charge it when it goes dead or when I go to sleep at night depending on usage. I regularly get 4 years or so out of my phone before switching to a new one. That has to be something wrong with your PC, it only takes a few seconds on even my 6 year old laptop on Firefox to load up from zero. Switching between folders is under a second as is opening an email. Firefox (latest Ubuntu) Pandora's box has been opened so what you say is not going to happen, ever. Get used to it, JIT javascript is not going away anytime soon You just repeated that dude's last comment. I think you need to read it again. That's a gross exaggeration I agree. It's got it's warts, but it's still the best out there. I think a lot of people get their feelings hurt there though, especially younger coders and coders with thin skins and big egos. It's a service, no one is forcing them to use it. They should just RTFM. I've had a similar experience but with low carb. I eat two meals, one extremely low carb, and one "normal" meal for lunch and dinner and do the 16/8 plan. Have dropped 42lbs in 4 months. I have much better mental clarity and more energy, and cut way back on caffeine as a result. I could never do a vegan diet because it goes against my personal research as to what humans should be eating, but I think that IF can be used for any reasonable diet (caloric restriction) plan. People like you never realize the value in the fact that not everyone has the same physiology as you. Some people do well with keto, some do well with IF, some do well with vegan. It's not all about caloric restriction, that is a facet, not the key goal. The goal is to find a meal plan you can deal with that doesn't lead to you feeling deprived and starving at the end of the day. That is doomed to fail. I agree that cleanses are bullshit as are most nutritional supplements. There are nutrients though. Getting carbs from whole wheat bread is a lot better than getting it from white "enriched" bread. A lot of naturally skinny people don't get that. I'm glad someone here has some common sense. Calories aren't all the same if some do not satiate you or provide you with nutrition. I'm sorry but weight gain is as much mental well being as thermodynamics. We aren't just a chemical reaction like this dude is claiming. I agree with you completely. Good on you for losing weight and I hope you can hit whatever your goal weight is.