I agree with you in principle, but in practice, when I was visiting New York in July, I got much better results by using an external app rather than Google Maps. ("NYC Subway", I think it was called.) Specifically, Google's directions often had multiple transfers and didn't mention any alternate routes, whereas the app gave me the route with fewest transfers and showed all the other lines going there, in case you missed the first train. I think this is why Apple's plan to relegate public transport directions to external apps might be a good idea: there's no way a single company -- even one the size of even Google! -- can keep track of all the minutiae involved in planning routes for every public transport system around the world, whereas app makers can. Even today, every public transit system that I've been on has one or more apps, so I doubt uptake will be a problem. And with the new APIs in iOS6, it should be much easier to get directions via external apps, since they show up in a list right in the Maps app. Oh, and the app worked offline, which as you might know is mighty helpful in large parts of the subway. :) saurik, thank you so much for responding in this thread. Your answers are very insightful. In regards to 4, I've always assumed that to an extent, Apple tolerates jailbreakers and doesn't put as much effort as they could into fixing the exploits (unless they're critical, like the PDF one.) What do you think? Er, I don't think that's true at all. First of all, indies didn't used to do as many Mac ports before Steam for Mac/Humble Bundle. But aside from that, you have franchises like GTA, KotOR, Civilization, Assasin's Creed, and others. I think Steam for Mac definitely had an influence. One thing that I wish my undergrad CS degree taught me was how to manage and structure larger programs. It's a vast topic that I still have a lot of difficulty with two years into my career. If the world moves to touch computing, what's going to happen to PC gaming? Traditionally, PC gaming has been popular because PCs get used for many other things besides gaming. If most people switch to touch devices for their primary computers, will there still be enough people building gaming rigs for developers to care about that market? I'm sure the big console manufacturers would love nothing more than to move everyone over to consoles, but this would signal the downfall of indie games, certain kinds of first-person shooters, real-time strategy games, simulators, and many other genres. I would be devastated to see this happen. Corel Painter has paint mixing, but I don't know how it compares to Paper's approach. In order to avoid this problem, I bought one of these microSD "sticks" a couple of years ago: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002HGFKR8 . I also bought a miniature lobster claw hook ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003HFEQ3W ) to attach it to my keychain. It worked amazingly well: the stick never got lost because it attached to my keychain via the base instead of the cap, it was tiny enough to never get in my way, and the memory was upgradable to boot. On the downside, speeds were pretty slow and the microSD card occasionally got dislodged, but these were relatively minor issues for me when compared to the benefits. Unfortunately, it bit the dust a couple of months ago — wonder if there are any faster alternatives? Try this! Haven't been here in ages, but it looks like it still works: http://wla.berkeley.edu/ As a developer, the last point bothers me the most. Why can't I use my standard OS shortcuts with the command line?! It looks just like a text prompt, and yet it doesn't behave like one. (And I'm sorry, but bash shortcuts are ugly.) For me, at least, the dependency issue has been resolved with automatic build systems like MacPorts. It's been a while since I had to manually seek out the dependencies for a command line program by hand. Discoverability is very much an issue. I tried to figure out how to get ffmpeg to do something last night, and it took me hours. I find Google to be far more indispensable when using the command line than the man pages. Despite all these issues, I still find the command line invaluable. :) I'm a bit surprised that so many people NEED a dead-silent environment to concentrate on their work. Maybe it's because I grew up with a snoring dad, but I can completely tune out a crowd of people without breaking a sweat, while all my coworkers would go crazy without their headphones. Honest question: is this truly such a difficult skill to cultivate? You'd think it would be a whole lot more beneficial in the long run than investing in an expensive set of noise-cancelling equipment. But I don't know, maybe I'm just going deaf! I didn't realize Stallman was licensed under the GPL! I am skeptical. Piracy exists on iOS, yes, but my understanding is that legitimate users far outnumber jailbroken users. Maybe for the enterprise. What about home use? About a month ago, I had 4 drives scattered around the house, each in its own enclosure, and I wanted to consolidate them into one unit. Money was an issue, so I wanted to recycle as many of them as possible instead of buying new ones. A Synology NAS along with a single extra drive allowed me near-optimal use of space with 1-drive redundancy. Of course, I have weekly backups to an external drive, so even if the array fails during a drive swap, I'll still have all my important files. Any other solution would either require me to buy more drives (a significant expense at $100+ a pop), sacrifice redundancy, or build my own NAS with ZFS (which would have significant administration overhead, cost more, and be larger than my Synology unit). A PC video card with the same specs as a console video card will perform significantly slower. Console games are optimized on a very low, platform-specific level, which simply isn't feasible on PC. (Not to mention, console ports often have much poorer performance in general.) The HD4000 is actually pretty good for an integrated card and runs a lot of older games well, but it won't run many modern games even on low settings. I speak from experience on this. For some reason, if your PC is underspecced in the gaphics department, even going down to 640x480 and setting all the graphics settings to low won't make most modern games playable. I don't know why this is the case. This is really interesting, thank you. I haven't seen a lot of discussion about how traditional filmmaking techniques might need to be changed to work with HFR. I've always wanted to get into web design, but every time I read an article like this, I get scared. Sometimes it seems like the web is nothing but hacks piled on top of hacks... Have you heard of Scala? http://www.huygens-fokker.org/scala/ It's used to change around the default MIDI scale, so that you can play with early scales or even scales from other cultures. It's really cool if you get it working with your keyboard. Unfortunately, there's not a lot of software that supports it, although I think Logic Pro did at some point. You meant to type http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-specialists , right? But with 2D comments, there's rarely any actual discussion. It's mostly people stating their opinions and others individually responding to them. Looking at the demo page, I love how the threads are 1D, but you can still switch to direct replies if you just want to follow the sub-conversation. It's the best of both worlds. I've never worked with iCloud, so I'm curious: why do devs say that Dropbox is so much better than iCloud? From what I've seen, both work similarly in that they abstract out the cloud as part of the file system. Wouldn't you still have to resolve conflicts and do all that other dirty stuff if you use Dropbox? Edit: potatolicious has a pretty great explanation. It looks like it's mostly CoreData issues. But for those cases, Dropbox wouldn't do any better, right? Many famous composers and writers produced their finest works in their later years. Surely we can do the same! As a longtime gamer, I desparately fear the idea of a locked-down, touch-based, and endlessly monetizable future for my favorite hobby. What if the PC simply becomes unprofitable for major game releases because of the tablet market, ARM, or whatever else? What if gamers get used to touch controls and buttons become outmoded? What if the Facebook model of "social" games consumes every other genre? I can only hope that Newell's get-out-of-jail-free card will work as intended. If the desktop PC disappears for the average user, I wouldn't be surprised if even ports stopped getting released. Honestly, that kind of stuff is much closer to gambling than what I would consider gaming. I just really hope (though I'm probably wrong) that "social" games occupy their own niche and aren't pulling gamers away from more honest games. Yes, and not so great for others. Have you tried playing Batman: Arkham Asylum with a mouse/keyboard? Those combos are so much harder to pull off! What about 3D platformers, where analog movement is paramount? Racing games, where analog steering and acceleration really help? Nowadays, I find that I use my PC gamepad as often as my mouse/keyboard. For me, aside from Terminal, the biggest productivity boost in OSX is probably Spaces. I tried a few virtual desktop applications in Windows and all of them kind of sucked in comparison. I also love using the help search (Cmd+?, I think) to find menu items in more complex applications. Really miss that feature in Windows! I once saw a tomato tasting booth at a farmer's market with some 25 different varietals, and I'm sure there are hundreds of others just waiting to be grown. We don't need to science the solution. Apple devices? Not to the extent of keeping thousands of prisoners in Holocaust-like conditions, I think. I agree completely. 90% of the games that are currently on my iPhone were a) made by dev teams with 1-3 people, b) provide a unique and polished experience, and c) became known mainly based on community outreach. None of them are currently in the top rankings, but as far as I can tell they make enough money for the teams to get by. People keep talking about "hidden gems" on the App Store that failed to succeed despite having an excellent product, but so far, the only ones I've seen were either outright clones, failed to do any outreach at all, or had a poor business model. (Freemium with very little incentive to upgrade, for instance.) Sure, if you're a hundred-person company, you might need to resort to shady means to be profitable. But I don't think that's at all necessary to make money on the App Store. Yeah, we got similar advice when I was working at a social gaming startup. Apparently, it's not unheard of among growing, venture-funded companies like ours. I assure you, however, that the vast majority of the indie games that make the headlines (Super Hexagon, Hundreds, Letterpress, etc.) don't use these techniques. Unusable?! I've been using Chrome on my iPhone 4 for the past week and I haven't noticed a significant difference. One very notable example is Sword & Sworcery EP. The guys behind the game did a talk at GDC '12 about making games for niche audiences instead of stooping to the lowest common denominator, but I can't seem to find it. Simogo has made a couple of very unique and artful games, including last year's Mobile Game IGF winner Beat Sneak Bandit. It's notable that their games are premium priced ($3), but still have hundreds of reviews. Mika Mobile is a husband & wife team with a number of fantastic brawlers under their belts, including Battleheart and Zombieville USA 2. Tiger Style is (in their own words) a "distributed collective of independent game developers" that have most recently developed the award-winning exploration/space-gardening game Waking Mars. Jeff Minter releases a new iOS game what seems like every other week. (Though he once characterized it as "run[ning] frantically on the iOS treadmill".) Zach Gage has made a number of small, fairly popular games, including SpellTower and Bit Pilot. ("Net Gross for me is probably around ~110k for 3 years of work. but the profits would probably be quite a bit lower than that") ----- Notable recent failures include Punch Quest (F2P model didn't yield any income, so they switched to paid) and Gasketball (again, the F2P model they were using was too permissive). ----- So, not a perfect ecosystem, but not an abysmal wasteland either. Enough for the kooky hobbyists to get by as long as their products are top-notch and their business model makes sense. (At least that's how I see it.) I replied to the poster above you with examples, in case you're interested. Come to think of it, I felt the same way. Left the registration page up in the background while I worked on other stuff. Eventually came back and made an account. Others might not be so patient! I usually hate social logins, but I actually like the way SO does it because you can bind your account to multiple services. Now I no longer have to remember which specific one I picked. Man, I'd honestly find example 2 more stressful than example 1. Is pair programming really something that programmers find useful? Should I develop this skill more? I've barely had to do it at all at my jobs, and when I have, it was difficult for me because I couldn't get into my usual flow. Even with an extra pair of eyes and hands, I felt like I was working at 50% efficiency. I guess I should read up on concurrency. :) When you're picking out specific lines to commit, or selecting certain files out of a batch, or reading through a long diff, or doing any number of things that requires random access, GUI beats CLI by a long shot. Of course, GUI doesn't work so well when you need to do some of the more fiddly stuff. Which is why it's good to use both. :) Perhaps, but it's also one of the ugliest applications known to man! Personally, I tend to use GitX when I'm working on small projects, but Tower really is a great tool. Just FYI, there are a few branches that are better featured, but I don't remember their names right now. I recommend you seek them out instead of the plain GitX. The Magazine used to be subscription only. Now you can read one free article per month online: www.marco.org/2013/02/24/the-magazine-sharing I don't think it's a matter of insecurity. In the decades since vim was released, we've made drastic improvements in UX design that have made computing much more accessible and intuitive. (And we're still moving forward at a rapid rate — just look at the stuff that people like Bret Victor and Chris Granger doing!) And yet, so many programmers are adamant on sticking to 20th century editors and obscure key commands, even sometimes (sometimes!) at the expense of usability. I don't think it's particularly offensive to wonder why such old tools are still so popular, especially when for most people the thinking part of programming is what takes the most time. Additionally, your tools shouldn't define you as a programmer, and yet I often see people getting shamed for using an IDE instead of vim/emacs/whatever. 24. Even though we always had a computer at home, I never got into programming and spent most of my time playing games. (The learning curve was too steep, and besides, what could I possibly make that was better than the games I was playing?) Then when I got to college I majored in CS. Now I'm definitely interested in making games. :) In my opinion, the abundance of dynamic and interpreted languages, powerful tools, programmable hardware, and the internet make getting into programming WAY easier than it was before. An interesting contrast to this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5219866 Whether or not this is a good solution (I haven't examined it closely yet), there are certainly a lot of problems with traditional Western notation. For example: you're limited to 12 pitches, you can't precisely represent bends, you can't precisely represent note lengths, many of the symbols are cryptic at first glance, some of the words don't get translated (tempo markings), some of the symbols are imprecise (again, tempo markings), it's annoying to write music in non-traditional modes, it's annoying to write music with syncopation, etc. Sure, this has worked fine for musicians over the past few centuries, but music has changed a lot since Mozart. I think Western notation could use a little rethinking, so I'm happy that someone is at least looking into it. I'm a new WordPress user. Are there any guides online with best practices that I can follow? (Some suggestions I see in this thread: rate-limiting plugin, don't have user id #1, don't have user "admin".) Well, with tempi, my main gripe isn't the exact BPM but rather the fact that you have to memorize all this obscure Italian (+ other?) terminology in order to understand what's going on. Why can't we have standard localized terms instead? As for exact note lengths, I mostly agree with you, except for certain pieces of modern music (EDM, for instance) where the meter is fairly rigid but the note lengths are off from the defaults. It would be nice to be able to represent that accurately. You can also have first-person games with no shooting at all, like Dear Esther or The Witness. There are lots of very simple toys that are popular on the App Store. (Of course, it's hard to tell which ones will make money ahead of time.) Super Hexagon combined with a typing tutor? Awesome! Love the animation, too. It's great for small, experimental indie games that want to reach as big of an audience as possible. Think Ludum Dare. For bigger games, though, I agree completely. I think he's coming from the perspective of someone who uses his camera phone as his primary camera. I'm no photographer, but I've often gotten better pictures from my iPhone than my default SLR camera kit. Why bother spending $500+ when you already have a camera of comparable quality in your pocket? If you spend that much money on a piece of professional equipment, you might as well go all the way. If you're an independent software developer, how does the App Store do anything other than help you? Yes, you still have to build a standout piece of software and somehow let people know about it, but you no longer have to worry about payment processing or downloads — and if you're lucky, Apple might give you an extra bit of marketing push. The only thing I see changing is that there are now too many apps in the App Store to rely on in-store marketing alone. But I fail to see how the situation is any worse than it was for a lone programmer working on a text editor or RSS reader in the 90s or 00s. Assuming you find a similar unfulfilled niche, write excellent software, and talk about it on relevant forums/mailing lists/whatever, isn't it likely that you'll be a whole lot more successful than you could have hoped for a decade ago? This is why I'm surprised when people say "don't play the App Store lottery". I understand where they're coming from, but isn't that tantamount to saying "don't be an independent software developer"? Or am I missing something? "As the market moves more and more to mobile, talking up your app on an Internet based forum is not going to work. Plus, I don't think that relying on getting a buzz going on Reddit is a very repeatable marketing strategy." If I understand you correctly, you seem to be implying that people will do most of their app discovery directly through the App Store in the future, not via other sources like forums, word of mouth, blogs, podcasts, review sites, etc. Why do you think this is going to change? It's not like people are going to stop browsing the web just because they get their software directly from Apple. As I see it, the App Store is nothing more than a glorified download manager. (CAVEAT: Yes, Angry Birds is going to get thousands of downloads when it shows up in the top 10, and if your app is even remotely similar it probably won't compete. Similarly, if there's an app in the listings that fixes a common problem -- text editing, calculator, whatever -- your similar app will probably get less hits. But if you make software to solve new problems or provide new experiences, then I don't see how the listings would detract from your sales.) Uh, do the slides shrink with every click for anyone else? It's odd to me that we don't study creative thinking more. When it comes to technical details, we've got it covered; you can find hundreds of textbooks on any given field, from the arts to the sciences. But the mysterious step that actually lets you recombine that knowledge into new ideas is usually shrugged off as "hard work" or "inspiration". On the other hand, I suppose it's a pretty difficult question to answer. If you were to ask a musician how they compose their music, they would probably talk about scales and chord progressions and improvisation. But the true answer involves a whole lifetime of experiences and memories, filtered in a specific way through the musician's brain to create certain musical effects, themselves based on years of training. To even talk about that would require a lot of introspection. What if we could train ourselves to think like Einstein? What would this do for science? What about Mozart and music? Same for Metafilter (though the rule set is much less strict). FYI, the lead programmer for Awesomenauts has a fantastic dev blog that delves into the inner workings of the game: http://joostdevblog.blogspot.com/search/label/Awesomenauts (And it's a really fun game too! Easily worth the price of the bundle by itself.) It would be good to know which of these readers has a sustainable business model. For example, Feedly is free. After Google Reader, I'm not sure I can trust that. Compared to Cocos2d, I'm not that interested in Sprite Kit as a framework. But combined with the new gamepad APIs, I think you might be on to something in regards to the Apple TV. What Apple bloggers have you been reading? John Gruber, who is arguably the most famous Apple blogger of all, has always been a proponent of the Metro look, as well as an opponent of the kitschy skeuomorphic elements in iOS. I mean, he's been anticipating the "flattening" of iOS7 ever since Forestall went out the door! And personally, I love the way iOS7 looks and feels from the videos, way more than my current iOS6. (Except for Game Center, don't know what's up with those bubbles.) As I see it, DRM is much more of a problem on consoles than it is on PC. In my Steam library, I have Commander Keen right next to Bioshock Infinite. There's no "expiration date" for my games. On the other hand, consoles come in generations. They only last a decade at most, and it looks like we're not going to have backwards compatibility going forward. What's going to happen when Microsoft decides to pull support for their 10, 20, 30 year old DRM-laden consoles? Not every game is going to get an HD remake, sadly. I started reading this article with a burning prejudice against overly nitpicky designers, but I have to say, each change here makes perfect sense and contributes to a more cohesive whole. Never thought Firefox of all places would be a good place to read about design. Great work! In regards to the flatness and lack of detail that some people are complaining about: when I look at the Firefox icon in my taskbar, I don't parse it as a fox and a globe but rather as an abstract red/blue circle. The simplified design will make this easier to read -- much more in line with, for example, the Chrome logo. I don't know, it's just not the first name that pops into my head. But I agree with you! Personally, I feel like these are fairly minor issues. To reiterate my point below, wouldn't you say that the new logo ( http://i.imgur.com/fKCH7Zx.png ) looks better in the taskbar than the old logo ( http://i.imgur.com/9QFgDVi.png )? (Caveat: this is a Photoshop mockup, so they might add outlines or do other stuff to it when it ships.) Actually, I recently started using Firefox again precisely because of the recent design changes. I love the way the new UI looks and feels. They've also worked out a lot of the technical issues, such as high memory use. Extra-awesome if we could include a snapshot of the source code without the git repo or commits. I don't know why people are expecting this to happen so soon (if at all). Even if we have the technology for driverless cars sometime in the next few decades (QAed for all possible conditions and failures, of course), there will be no way that they'll be street legal without a (sober) driver at the wheel. We have fully automated TRAINS -- vehicles that only have to go back and forth along a single axis -- that still require conductors. Airlines, despite being 99% automatic, are very, very strict about pilot safety and training. How could you possibly expect something that's an order of magnitude more complicated to be any different? Top it off with some of the most advanced AI (yet to be) invented and you have a problem with a solution much farther into the future than one might think. Me, I'd rather stick with good old fashioned public transit. When I installed the iOS6 beta on my iPad 3, maps literally ran at something like 15fps until close to release. Now it's fine. I think iOS7 will probably be similar. Yep. I was enjoying the article until I read that comment, at which point I lost all respect for the author. I truly feel sorry for Phil Fish. He may have said some silly things in the past, but literally EVERY time something news-worthy about him comes up, the internet explodes with thousands of vitriolic comments about how much of a dick he is. Just look at the comments on Reddit, RPS, or any mainstream news site. They're abhorrent. This has been going on in full-force pretty much since GDC12, when the "Japanese games" incident happened. Fish asked on Twitter for people to please stop treating him like this a few months ago. It's only gotten worse since then. At this point, it's clear that this stuff is weighing on him pretty heavily. I don't think anyone deserves to be treated like this, regardless of how they handle their online presence. I mean, it's basically cyber-bullying at this point. I wish people would realize that there's another person on the other end of the line who is actually suffering because of their comments. (Hoping to get this in before the Fish-bashing inevitably starts here as well.) I enjoyed the author's Beijing/Chinatown metaphor in point 10. Wait, how does this work with the Apple frameworks? I assume you can't go faster than what Apple gives you. If you were to discard every photo, how fast could you theoretically go? xkcd has a history of doing stuff like this. Take the "Dream Girl" comic, for instance. In one of its panels, it featured an innocuous set of coordinates and dates. As it turned out, they were a hidden invite for a meetup a few months into the future. Nothing about them was explained beforehand: it was up to the readers to figure it out. I've come to expect that every detail in an xkcd comic probably has some meaning. http://blog.xkcd.com/2007/10/01/the-meetup/ Try arrow keys to pan, Shift to zoom in, and Ctrl to zoom out. Makes me feel like a super spy! Hey man, that's kind of mean. From what I understand (somebody correct me), exFAT is prone to corruption if you unplug an exFAT drive without doing a soft eject first. On the other hand, it's probably the best FS that's natively supported by both OSX and Windows. If you're too cheap to shell out money for a VPN, proXPN has a limited free tier. I've been using it for banking while travelling and it works great! Another option is to ensure that most of your phone can be recycled: http://www.apple.com/recycling/ Question is, if Windows becomes a closed ecosystem or flops altogether, would PC gamers elect to move to Linux? Even if they do, there's going to be a significant loss of numbers along the way, and it's already a smaller market than consoles. I can see a future where most game companies (barring maybe Valve, Blizzard, and a few others) cut their losses and decide to focus solely on consoles and iOS/Android. That would be a sad future indeed. It's a bit confusing, but overall, I really love the presentation of this article. I wish more serious research was presented like this, with lots of knobs for fiddling and experimentation. (See also: Bret Victor.) Looking at the screenshots, I feel like "my butt" should really be "your butt". I mean, everyone talking about "your cloud" makes far more sense than "my cloud". As much as I love my iOS devices, they still have MASSIVE latency compared to my Wacom tablet. There's just no comparison. I guess the touch processing had a lot of overhead. I remember reading somewhere that the DS homebrew "pressure sensitivity" was merely a hack. Since you hit more neighboring pixels when you push the stylus down, you get more "pressure". (This could be outdated information, though.) This is great and I hope more app developers follow suit! It's pretty darn easy to hold two seemingly-contradictory beliefs. The trick is to stifle the urge to resolve them. And going one further, each topical subreddit usually has a couple of higher quality spinoffs. For example, r/gaming vs. r/games, or r/askreddit vs r/askhistorians. I thought it looked great. Then I noticed it was following me around. Easy solution: just make it immobile like an ordinary logo. How big is the complete archive? Both of the previous companies I worked at had unlimited access to alcohol. The startup had a kegerator, while the bigger company had an empty desk filled entirely with liquor bottles on my floor. The only drinking that really happened was on Fridays. Very rarely did anyone have a drink during normal working hours, unless we were in the office late at night and it was crunch time. It was just taboo. (Not writing this in defense of alcohol at the office. Personally, I like it. But I can see the other side as well.) Kinda reminds me of the Squarespace editor. Maybe there should be an open-source software license with a clause that prevents your inventions from being used in instruments of war and violence. As an aside, even though it might ruffle some feathers, I don't think it would actually be illegal to do so — right? Because you are not the only person on HN. > IT IS A GIANT COMMERCIAL, FOR FUCK'S SAKE! Is every form of communication from a company about its products a "giant commercial"? While an Apple keynote is no doubt a marketing event, I think it's also pretty clear that Apple gives a crap about its products and their effect on the world at large. That's why people get so excited about these things. It's a rare opportunity to peek inside Willy Wonka's factory. Compare to a company like Samsung, whose events tend to be gaudy, sleazy, and very clearly aimed at selling the product. > This is the point where it becomes impossible to avoid comparisons to religion. No, and by doing so, you lower the level of discourse on this website. This is pretty interesting. Reminds me of the "speaking piano" a little bit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muCPjK4nGY4 This is a pretty great idea. I'm trying to travel and work on a few projects right now, and my average is turning out to be around $75-$100 per day for the US. $50 per day sounds like a fun, cheap way to get some work done, assuming you can get access to the internet at least in some capacity. At this point, I'm not even sure how my identity is split up on Google's servers between my original Google account, my Google Plus account, and my legacy YouTube account. Sometimes I feel like I'm logged into three different things at once. And now I can't even use my original username as my Google Plus URL? Does that mean that my legacy YouTube account is no longer active? Or has it been merged with my Google Plus profile without my consent, despite consistently clicking on "no thanks" every time the window popped up? This sort of quagmire causes me to unconsciously stop using the services causing it. Already, I've found myself much less interested in liking and favoriting YouTube videos. Here's a very thorough spreadsheet from the FlyerTalk forums: http://www.flyertalk.com/forum/17837493-post1.html There are a handful of credit unions that issue dual C&S/C&P cards. It's a little harder to get one than an ordinary card, but probably worth it if you're traveling abroad. (I got one from Andrews.) I was up in Canada a few months ago, where EMV cards are ubiquitous. C&S is accepted everywhere, but merchants routinely get confused by the second receipt printing out. I've heard it's the same in Europe. I sort of disagree. One of the benefits of the stagnant last-generation consoles is that us PC gamers didn't have to upgrade our hardware nearly as often. (And STILL, many games simply wouldn't run acceptably on hardware many times more powerful than Xbox/PS3, even at low settings.) I wish developers focused more on performance over flashiness. As far as I'm concerned, Super Mario Galaxy is still one of the best looking games ever made, and it was essentially running on Gamecube hardware. To me, latency is by far the most important issue here, and I don't see any mention of it on the page. Compared to my Wacom tablet, touch input is just too laggy to use in anything but the most basic drawing and note-taking tasks; is Bluetooth better or worse? (Judging by my existing BT devices, I'm gonna have to guess "worse".) "I added bacon to my milkshake because bacon!" This article reminds me to brush up on my blocks! Good to have all these error cases all in one place. :) I think people get riled up because the humble browser is rapidly turning into this: http://i.imgur.com/XNRtCGh.jpg Well, most browser extensions relate to browsing. Google, on the other hand, is trying to turn the browser into an OS. This is a really big shift that may very well determine the future of computing, so I think there's plenty here for people to get legitimately angry about. Not really the same kind of "hate train" that occasionally shows up on project posts, I think. I don't know about others, but for me, it just doesn't make any conceptual sense. Would you use Excel as a word processor? Would you use Lightroom for mapping? The modern operating system offers so many amazing frameworks and features; why throw that all away and start anew on a shaky foundation of Javascript, HTML, and insanely complicated rendering code, all originally designed for a completely different purpose? I prefer my software to adhere to the single responsibility principle as much as possible. EDIT: Why are you downvoting me? If you disagree, that's what the reply button is for. I'd like to think that HN is better than Reddit. I don't know much about this issue, but just a shot in the dark: Apple is using a new technology called Core Storage that's "layered between the whole-disk partition scheme and the file system used for a specific partition" in order to manage FileVault and their fusion drives. It's also apparently a technology that's in flux, as there are certain incompatibilities in regards to fusion drives (possibly custom created ones?) with the release of Mavericks. John Siracusa mentioned this in a recent podcast, and even hypothesized about how Core Storage might be a stop-gap between HFS+ and a new Apple-designed file system. Could it have something to do with this? This should be voted straight to the top. Whether or not Marco's assessment of the posting is accurate, it's always good to have more information -- especially with people calling out the family environment as "bullshit" with no real evidence. Thanks for sharing! It's impossible to predict things long-term. I mean, maybe we'll eventually get web applications that look and feel exactly like native apps. But maybe we'll still be stuck with kludgy, hacky, JS/HTML5-based apps that have rendering problems depending on your browser, that load in ugly chunks, that save your data to some proprietary cloud, that fail at concurrency, that don't integrate with your OS's multitasking workflow (Spaces, Mission Control), that take 5 times as long to run, and that stop working as soon as you go into a tunnel. And that's only from the user perspective; as a developer, I don't look forward to the nightmare of being stuck in a Javascript universe. I love being able to pick and choose from so many different frameworks, libraries, and languages when developing native apps; with Javascript, as soon as I try to do something simple, I inevitably end up with an SO answer that looks like this: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/950087/how-to-include-a-j... (And no, "use JQuery" is not an answer; it's a symptom.) Plus, it just feels shitty to not be able to own any of your tools. I don't want to rent my applications from some multinational corporation. I bought them, so they should be mine. (Yeah, yeah, nobody really owns anything anymore, but at least the bloody bits are on my drive!) In short, if web apps are the future, I hope that a) they're only one of several commonly used paradigms, and b) we have something better than a browser to run them in. This is a rather shortsighted view. Integrated graphics are rapidly catching up to desktop cards. The built-in Iris is enough to play games like TF2 with high settings, while the 15" Macbook Pro's 750M is half as powerful as my desktop AMD 6850! Furthermore, desktop PCs are getting ousted by laptops, to the point where I barely know anyone with a desktop anymore. In my view, PC gaming will have to adapt to this new environment, or it will become an increasingly niche market. (The enthusiasts who suggest spending $500 every year just to catch up with all the poorly optimized ports aren't helping.) And yes, I very much can have an immersive experience on my 15" display, as can many other people. According to the Valve hardware survey, only 32.61% are running at 1080p; most of the rest have to do with less. Giant monitors aren't as ubiquitous as you might think. Have you been paying attention to Intel's graphics improvements? At the rate they're going, we'll have the power of (current gen) desktop graphics in just a few iterations. I think you could even make the claim that the current Iris graphics are as powerful as current-gen consoles, though you wouldn't know it from all the crappy ports and the lack of a low-level graphics API. (Also, people still overclock their CPUs?) > Gaming on OSX doesn't work as well as on a PC because you can't put OSX on custom hardware. I'm sure most of those 20 million Ubuntu boxes have top-of-the-line CPUs and blazing fast GPUs, right? Fact of the matter is, the vast majority those machines won't be able to run anything other than 2D games. Also, before we start condemning OSX as a platform with no games, need I mention Borderlands 2? Metro: Last Light? All of Valve's titles? Civilization? Bioshock Infinite? Batman: Arkham City? XCOM: Enemy Unknown? I mean, come on. At least do some research. > You sound like an iOS developer. Don't do that. Discrete graphics are expensive, noisy, hot, and suck up tons of power. Upgrading your graphics card used to make a huge impact, but each successive generation now yields less and less improvement. (Carmack himself said in the most recent keynote that there probably won't be any "wow!" moments from graphics upgrades ever again.) Furthermore, some of the best looking games of the past few years (Super Mario Galaxy) were designed to run on one of the weakest systems around. As fun as it is to flip every switch in Crysis or Metro, I don't think most gamers care that much about diffuse lighting and ambient occlusion. We're at the point where things really do look "good enough" for all but the nitpicky, and I say this as a PC gamer for 20 years. Up to you. I can't get it either, but look here: http://hardforum.com/showthread.php?t=1748747 The top video card is Intel HD Graphics 3000 and Intel GPUs make up 12% of the list. Best of luck to you with this! The idea sounds interesting and the visuals have a cool sort of Jeff Minter vibe to them. You might want to change the name, though. I was confused at first, and I have the advantage of knowing about Bob's Game. Many people don't even have that context. When people think of "complexity" in regards to music, they often think of instrumentation, texture, production quality. But some of the most complex music ever written - the Well-Tempered Klavier - was written in mostly 2-4 voices for an instrument with no dynamics. I think the 2-3 note limit really forced chiptune composers to focus on compositional complexity, thus making that music stand out even today. In regards to sharing, I believe your provider can detect this and charge you more. My understanding was that you could change them yourself using either the iPhone Configuration Utility or http://www.unlockit.co.nz . Has something changed in that regard? Good to know, thanks for the info. Is there no way for carriers to apply these settings directly? I know Bell did some tinkering on my iPad when I got a SIM from them while traveling in Canada, but I don't know if it was anything more advanced than what the user can access. 1. The word "fanboy" is dismissive and only makes people defensive. If you want people to actually listen to you, please consider avoiding it. 2. This is a linkbaity article that needs to be corrected. This correction may be an important factor in determining which devices are more secure. 3. Yes, the NSA spying fiasco is the bigger topic here. No, it's not a competition. The samples are really, really cool. But it got me thinking: aside from a bit of parallax, what's the practical difference between this and 60fps video with a smooth/intertial seek slider? EDIT: I guess not having to use a dolly for smooth motion is a huge plus. But the tradeoff, of course, is loss of quality in the interpolated "frames". > I've been thinking a lot about experimenting with different ways of living together and creating new forms of community. When I was in college, I lived in a student cooperative during my senior year. (Ridge House in Berkeley — any co-opers up in here?!) Living, studying, working, cooking, and partying together with 37 other people in a beautiful old house that was, however briefly, our collective property, was one of the most meaningful experiences of my life. For once, even as a life-long introvert and loner, I felt like I was part of a close-knit community that stretched back for decades. I saw so many lifelong friendships and relationships form during my brief time there, and I've been looking to recreate that experience in my adult life ever since. (From what I've seen of my fellow ex-co-oopers, many of them feel the same way.) Great link, I spent a good while digging through there when I first found it. My favorite is using mdfind to leverage Spotlight for file search. Results come up instantly. Why would you even put the word "objective" in there, especially without providing any arguments? What's the point? To rile people up? Fn+up/down and Fn+left/right are easier to use and just make much more conceptual space to me than the PgUp/PgDown/Home/End key blob. Out of curiosity: when you say "weekend project", do you mean one person working for a single weekend? Because I've been seeing more and more "weekend projects" showing up on HN that look like they took a small team a week to put together, and it's really making me feel self-conscious about taking several days to just to get a couple of JS frameworks up and running on a simple proof-of-concept web-app — to say nothing of CSS, UI, server stuff, QA, error handling, etc. etc. etc. Am I really that far out of the loop?! Either way, great work! Thanks for the rundown! I wish more people posted their process like this. Helps me learn what's best to use and how to do things faster. There are a couple of genres that work really, really well with touchscreens. Unfortunately, they're not really in vogue right now. Turn-based strategy is one; Skulls of the Shogun is a good example, as is Frozen Synapse. Bullet hell shmups are, surprisingly, another. Check out Danmaku Unlimited 2: it's one of the few iOS-native games that compelled me to keep playing for more than an hour. http://doragongames.com/danmaku2/ I sometimes wonder about this. Pretty much everyone already has a connected computer in their pocket. Wouldn't it be nice if we could use the phone without a cell provider? The web without an ISP? Connect to our friends without a social network? Exchange money without a bank? Thinking further, what if all these services could be plugged into a well-abstracted peer-to-peer network, consisting of every connected device in the world? Services similar to Twitter or Facebook would no longer require a central host. Redundancy would be built in. Uptime would be pretty much guaranteed. Ads would go away. Freedom would be an implicit part of the system; no longer would profit motives sully (or censor!) services that people use and enjoy. And it would be more natural, too: pumping all our data through a few central pipes makes a lot less sense than simply connecting to our neighbors. Our devices would talk to each other just like we talk in the real world, only with the advantage of being able to traverse the global network in a matter of milliseconds. New technologies like Bitcoin and BitTorrent would crop up naturally as part of this arrangement. It would put power back into the hands of the people. Sadly, it seems a future of locked-down app stores controlled by a small number of large corporations is much more likely. (Sorry, I realized this started sounding like a Marxist rant halfway through. And I'm not even a Marxist! It just sucks that this fascinating future is one that we're not likely to experience, even though we're almost at the point where we could actually implement it. I think.) Great to hear! Krita is one of the few art programs that has real-time tiling, which seems like a great way to work on textures: http://krita.org/item/196-new-wraparound-tool I disagree. I saw a ton of stuff I never should have seen at that age. It didn't scar me for life, but it's desensitized me to a lot of terrible things. Unless you're a doctor, I just don't think it's healthy to look at NSFL gore, go "meh", and move on to something else. I also occasionally have those images flash in my head. I don't want them there, but there's nothing I can do about that now. (Granted, the same thing would have happened if I first saw them in my 20s, but at least I would have known what not to click.) PS, I don't care what you believe, but please don't downvote just because you disagree with something. It's passive-aggressive and it ruins communities. Use your words. (This was in response to my comment getting downvotes.) Surely you would agree that there are limits, socially determined or otherwise? Would you be OK with your child seeing a motorcyclist's head blown off? A man's distended anus? There are no limits on the internet. I saw all these things because I didn't know any better, or because I was morbidly curious. It didn't ruin me or give me PTSD or anything, but it definitely shaped my personality. I regret it now, in my mid-twenties. I've noticed myself showing a lack of empathy when horrible things happen to people who aren't close to me. This is especially the case with photos of war or famine. I really feel like I should have a visceral reaction, but I've just seen it all before. As I said, I also sometimes see these images in my head. I don't want to have anything to do with them, but now they're impossible to get rid of. I was morbidly curious to the extent that if somebody put a nasty link in front of me, I would have followed it. But I didn't actively seek those things out. To some extent, it was a test of macho-ness: can I handle this gore? What about this birth defect? I think a lot of kids are like that. I regret it because I feel it's shaped my personality, lessened my sense of empathy, and put a bunch of disgusting images in my head that I'll never be able to get rid of. I could be wrong, but I think PTSD can be induced with images. The Hiroshima/Nazi photos were powerful because they were such a rare display of extreme violence. (At least, that's how I remember feeling when I first saw them.) Plus, their impact was lessened because they were grainy, old, and black and white. Would you be OK with kids today seeing a modern mass grave -- bodies hacked up, heads cut off, etc.? Me, I'd be wary. Looks great! What are the benefits of using this over something like Unity? EDIT: Sorry if this sounded sarcastic. I was genuinely curious. Always happy to see a new engine out in the open! Perhaps, but I think the bigger issue is that downvotes can make your comment illegible. If you spend any time on Reddit, you'll know that the vote system pushes down any comments that go against the grain and reinforces the echo chamber effect. Upvotes can do that too, but to a lesser extent. Personally, I much prefer linear discussions with hidden favorites, like Metafilter. Maybe it's just the inevitable jealous response, but I felt the same way reading it. The deductive bit in the middle in particular — most people I know just aren't simple or predictable enough to guess their favorite music, car, or food. Decades have been spent trying to understand human behavior; how can one person have enough insight to definitively analyze someone's "limitations and patterns"? Not unless they're an order of magnitude smarter than the general population, which is exceptionally unlikely. Furthermore, it's kind of weird to talk about intelligence in terms of levels. I know plenty of people who are smarter than me in certain fields, but I don't think I've ever met someone who was objectively smarter than me in every way , to the point where I could separate us into different classes of intelligence. In my experience, the IQ model is flawed: intelligence is much more fluid, and exists on many more axes, than we give it credit for. There was a Reddit comment I read a while ago — I wish I could find it again! — where the author tried to describe what it would be like to have a Lex Luthor level of genius. You'd be able to effortlessly do anything you wanted. Ideas would immediately come together in your head. Even the most complex branches of science would be as easy as basic algebra. Everyone's problems would seem so simple and naive, but it would make it hard to relate to people. That's kinda what this comment read like to me. (Sorry if I'm wrong, bane.) Thanks for the reply! It's funny that you say it's more Groundhog Day than Sherlock Holmes when your soy milk example, to me, is pretty much as Holmesian as it gets. I've never intentionally tried the kind of deduction that you describe, but at least for me and my circle of friends, I can see it easily falling apart just a few steps in. Plenty of stores carry soy milk nowadays, not just vegetarian ones. I can't possibly hope to know all the restaurants where my friends live. Most of my friends who cook at home get by with dull knives and ancient cookware. And not only do I have no idea which stores sell kitchen supplies, but it's not always obvious whether someone does their shopping in person or on Amazon. This is especially the case for hobbies and activities I'm less familiar with, such as yoga. I suppose if I had meticulous knowledge of my area and practiced a lot, I could get my guesses above 50%. But it seems like something I'd have to put a lot of effort in, not a skill I would just acquire casually. Do you find that this comes easily to you? (I'm not saying that figuring things out about people is impossible, of course. It makes sense to divide up the probability space and increase your odds. Again with your coffee example, you could probably make a reasonable educated guess that the person is vegetarian, or even that they cook at home. But where they shop? Where they eat? There's so many choices these days, and people like trying new things. Even if I had a hunch, I certainly couldn't outright tell them with specificity about all their consumer habits, like you described with your coworker. The probability of me being right would just be way too low.) I appreciate you posting here, it's pretty interesting to read. I know we like to practice substance over style around here, but this app has both, and I can seriously see myself using it for real work just for the fun, immersive factor. Also, I just noticed that the demo slowly degrades the terminal until you register! "Apple sucks" and "use Android" aren't really productive responses to an article like this. Consider taking your quips to a site like Reddit. The "On Food and Cooking" of computer science, if you will? :) I bet trying some native development would help as well, especially inside a well-structured framework. I learned so much about architecture and design patterns when I was trying to figure out how to do iOS development a few years ago. I've always wondered, do subreddits with fewer posts get boosted on the front page and in multi-reddits, or are they simply drowned out by the bigger subreddits? I made a redirect from http://hackynews.crabdance.com , if anyone wants a more memorable URL. :) (Or make your own at https://freedns.afraid.org !) "But I am afraid that is not what people admire in him." Citation? Most of the Apple-centric bloggers I read admire Jobs for the company that he created, not for the way he got there. Perhaps you're mistaking admiration with fascination: a lot of famous people are ruthless, but it's rare for that ruthlessness to be directed towards something other than money or power. Jobs's life is full of unbelievable stories, and people talk about them because it's fun , not because they think they're a good example of how to run a business. First, don't be immature. Second, "that is not what people admire in him" is not an opinion. It's a statement of fact. Fortunately, the internet is effectively a giant paper trail, so whether or not that statement is true, finding evidence of people's opinions should be a no-brainer -- especially if you consider certain high-profile bloggers to be representative of the general zeitgeist. Here's one off the top of my head: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2012/08/07/marco-icloud-sec... Here's another: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2013/03/26/icloud-hamburger I know I've seen a number over the past few years, but searching the website is unfortunately difficult because Gruber is so prolific. Plenty of people around here admire Bill Gates for his charity work, despite the fact that he also has blood on his hands. At what point do a person's accomplishments supersede their sins? For some people, creating a company like Apple is enough. Personally, I try to avoid black-and-white assessments of people, even if I vehemently disagree with them. I used to be an all-out Windows guy, but I started reading Apple bloggers because they had some of the most insightful and intelligent commentary on the state of the computer industry, product design, and programming. If you choose to ignore them just because they might have praise for someone you hate, you're only hurting yourself. The media massively misrepresented that controversy. He was right to call people out on it, in my opinion. I take issue with your suggestion that Gruber was putting his admiration of Apple over people's lives. He's not a moustache-twirling villain. Quit yer passive-agressive downvoting and talk to me, you cowards. ;) Isn't it a bad idea to define private/protected properties in your implementation file? What if you want to subclass? In response to point #3, my counter-example is that when you list a method's arguments or return type, the parentheses include the star. In other words, the star does not "belong" to the variable in that particular case. -(NSData*) myMethod:(NSString*)string; It can really be argued both ways. We've hugged the type everywhere I worked. I've experimented with putting the category in a private, implementors-only header file and it seemed to work fine. But I'm not sure if that's canonical. This might be up your alley: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7254884 Every time the topic of American chocolate comes up, people talk about how disguisting it is compared to European chocolate. Have you tasted anything other than Hershey's? We have excellent chocolate, even at our biggest grocery stores! (Walgreens, for instance, stocks Ghirardelli and Godiva.) And if you want something even better, every big city is bound to have a handful of chocolatiers. Space detection is very exciting to me, but this feels like a technological stopgap. Is there any research being done into "blind" space detection, that doesn't require the use of cameras? Is that even possible? It would be amazing if I could have my phone in my pocket and (for example) adjust the rotation of a nearby camera based solely on my hand gestures. I humbly disagree, having tasted European chocolate. Godiva is pretty good, and certainly orders of magnitude better than Hershey's. Divine chocolate (Whole Foods) and Ritter Sport milk chocolate are even better. I mean, really, take your pick. There's so much variety . (EDIT: Though, in retrospect, I guess they aren't made here. But I still say that Ghirardelli and Godiva are pretty good, even if they're not the best chocolate I've ever had.) This demo is pretty amazing and will take me a while to digest. A few questions that I'm really interested in hearing the answer to: 1. Will the language work without an internet connection? 2. Will it be free to use? 3. What happens if/when Wolfram the company goes out of business, or Wolfram himself retires? 4. Are all the disparate APIs and sources that the language uses determined by fiat, or can they be customized? What happens if/when the APIs/sources stop working? 5. Given that the language can do things like query your Facebook graph, it seems like there's a lot of API upkeep that the language requires. Is this done by Wolfram? How does this work when I'm running locally (if this is even possible)? Curious: how is performance compared to the OSX port? All the Source games I've tried run horribly on OSX compared to Windows on the same machine. Strangely, they play just fine through a Parallels Windows VM running inside OSX, so it can't be the OSX graphics driver's fault. What's going on over there? Yes — but as I said, running the game in a Parallels Windows VM results in 2x better performance than running the same game natively. The same OSX graphics driver is used in both cases, except the VM has to do extra work! How does that make any sense? Not 100% sure, but I was under the impression that unlike Windows (?), OSX simply does not allow you to have direct hardware access. (Plus, if Parallels was accessing the hardware directly, how would you be able to run the VM in a window while still doing OSX stuff underneath?) Either way, there's clearly a way to make the game run significantly faster on OSX, but Valve isn't doing it for some reason. According to Wikipedia: "It also has a large amount of documentation, but it is not standardized. A partial standardization is planned, and an incomplete pre-release already exists." To C&P myself from the previous thread, this looks awesome but I have a few questions: 1. Does the language work without an internet connection? 2. Is it free to use? 3. What happens if/when Wolfram the company goes out of business, or Wolfram himself retires? 4. Are all the disparate APIs and sources that the language uses determined by fiat, or can they be customized? What happens if/when the APIs/sources stop working? 5. Given that the language can do things like query your Facebook graph, it seems like there's a lot of API upkeep that the language requires. Is this done by Wolfram? How does this work when I'm running locally (if this is even possible)? I was skeptical, but that first link speaks volumes. Interesting theory! You know, I'm usually very skeptical of web apps, but building a text editor in WebKit actually seems like a really good idea. Everything a browser should be good at — text display, scripting, styling — also applies to text editors. You don't really have to worry about complex UI, animation, or user input. You also get remote access almost for free. What other text-centric apps can be made better by a browser framework? Maybe the terminal? I... I do? I agree with you, but I don't think most of those things are really vital for a great text editor. For the most part, it's just a giant window with your text in it, maybe a sidebar or two. Most of the magic happens under the hood. That's why I think this is a good idea. Dunno about cross-platform app development, but Cocoa on OSX is pretty nice. QT isn't bad either, from what I've tried. "Every serious editor has solved displaying text and styling since ages ago..." Sure, but why reinvent the wheel? In this case, Github is leveraging a technology specifically optimized for text and styling. They don't have to maintain it, and they get a lot of cutting-edge optimizations for free. It also gives them the freedom to do some crazy things that would otherwise be very difficult — see Light Table. "...and those two points aren't even that important in programming languages." I disagree. Efficient text display and presentation in a text editor are very important, at least for me. Not that scripting is any less important, but it looks like Github has that front covered as well. (Then again, I've never been a heavy vim or emacs user. I guess I'm what you might call a "filthy casual".) "One thing that is incredibly important for text editors is speed: something web engines are notoriously bad at." I was under the impression that web engines are really good at text when there's not a lot of other crazy nonsense going on. Guess we'll see! "So why is every text editor I have ever seen embedded in a website an abomination?" My guess is going (partially) native and using Node.js will make the experience a whole lot better. As interesting as these smoothing algorithms are, they can't add any information to the sprites that wasn't already there. Why make everything look smooth and plasticky when the original game was carefully hand-drawn, pixel by pixel? A good way to learn all five is to write a full-stack web app. Your MVC framework will teach you OO-design and you can use Rails on the backend. I'd recommend Ember.js over Angular.js for its more traditional approach to MVC (read: Cocoa-esque), but I'm admittedly not an expert in either. Here's what I'm currently trying out: Pinboard for links, including articles I might want to read later. I have archiving on so that I don't lose any useful references. (This is by far my biggest store, and I'm still working out my tagging taxonomy.) Evernote for notes relating to projects in progress, including any notes I'm taking while learning a new technology. (Project-related to-read links usually go here, not Pinboard.) nvALT (Notational Velocity fork) through the Simplenote API for more permanent notes: lists of things, useful command line tricks, music to check out, etc. (Google Docs used to be my place for this, but nvALT is WAY easier to use.) Wunderlist for specific to-dos related to my current projects. That sounds amazing! How much can you get a sailboat for these days? Did you have to train to use it? This kinda feels a little piracy-ish. Github clearly wants to limit beta access for now. (...with that said, I couldn't help myself.) That's pretty cheap, but the question is, what can you offer that something like https://freedns.afraid.org doesn't? (One other point in their favor is that they're included by default in the DNS service listing for my router and NAS. Not even sure you could add custom ones.) Personally, I appreciate that each mobile platform has its own look and feel, design cues, etc. It's what makes using iOS and OSX so nice, at least for me. (But this applies more to offline apps, since web-centric apps like Facebook will look similar on every platform. And I agree that apps for every website is a crappy way to go forward.) Do you seriously think we'll have widespread self-driving cars — and not just the bare bones technology, but ones that we can ride in without any control at all, even while intoxicated — within a timespan short enough for every other advancement in car technology to not matter? I am almost 100% certain that we won't see that kind of thing even within the next few decades, if ever. Self-driving cars have way too many hurdles to overcome before they reach that point. I mean, Europe hasn't even moved over to automatic transmission yet. Saying that Apple is good at "gaining widespread adoption" is kind of like saying that J. K. Rowling is good at "being read". Don't you need to pay a ton to actually get your data out of glacier? For me, the far more likely case would be 500GB, kept for a year. Even with 1000 hours (more than a month!!) for a restore, I'd still have to pay $125. CrashPlan lets me do this for free, and allows me arbitrary access to my backed up data to boot. It just seems like a better deal, unless you're really worried about data corruption in the cloud. Still, it means your monthly price isn't actually what it seems. With 72 hour retrieval, you'll be paying about $14 a month, compared to CrashPlan's $5. And what if you need the data earlier? If you have bad luck and your hard drive crashes a month after you make your backup, you'll end up paying about $100 a month, at least for that month. CrashPlan's flat rate means you don't have to stress out about the fine print. Even at 5 years it still averages out to about $7 a month. CrashPlan is significantly cheaper, unless you want to bet against ever needing the backup. (Which may be sensible, I admit.) Wait, can you style text in Emacs? Fonts? Colors? Bold, underline, italics? Isn't that the whole point of a word processor? It's not really "in progress" for the moment since I've essentially solved the problem for myself, but I examined several different techniques to enable real-time transliteration in OSX (in the vein of http://www.translit.ru — "chego" turns into "чего" as you type) and implemented most of them to varying degrees of completeness. I'm now happily using technique #1 (input method binary) in my everyday life and it's so, so much better than the default or phonetic Russian keyboards. Eventually, when I have some free time, I want to generate pre-compiled binaries, do some refactoring, create a pretty home page, fix the documentation, and add some extra features. But if you'd like to use it now, you can pull the code and compile to your heart's content. You can even change the transliteration input/output map to anything you want — the format is simple JSON! https://github.com/archagon/cyrillic-transliterator In a thread not too long ago, I asked why CS:GO might have such terrible performance in OSX, and olegoandreev hypothesized that it might have to do with poorly compiled shaders. Maybe with enough eyes on the code, this can finally be fixed? We already know that the OSX port of the Source engine can have close-to-Windows performance based on benchmarks done in Parallels, and yet it's still shamefully only half as performant. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7303753 Here's the FAQ: http://www.thelongestway.com/frequently-asked-questions I'm only talking the talk since I'm currently hosted on Wordpress, but I'm starting to think that a static site generator is the best option. Why? Because, a) programming blogs are a bit like academic papers in that they depend on careful markup, and b) they work a lot better when they're minimalistic, with a strong emphasis on the code. With a static site generator, the definitive version of each article can be a simple, easy-to-edit Markdown file; you don't have to reason about HTML/PHP/SQL unless you really want to. The content is perfectly decoupled from the presentation, and you can edit your articles in your favorite text editor to boot. I kind of like the Magic Mouse. It basically gives me a built-in trackball and inertial scrolling, something I've wanted in a mouse for many years. It's too bad the ergonomics really suck, and that not having a dedicated right mouse button makes it completely unusable in some cases. (Games?) Nthed. It's not great for all use cases, and it feels a bit slow when you switch to it, but after a few minutes you'll be going almost as fast as with a normal mouse, but with much better ergonomics and with full access to gestures and inertial scrolling. I really like the idea of those Logitech mice, but having briefly used one, I find that the flywheel mechanism really compromises the middle click. The Magic Mouse also has the advantage of being able to scroll in any direction, which is far more useful than you might think. Finally, it's just nice to have a device that has a minimum of mechanical parts; I feel a lot more confident dropping my Magic Mouse on the floor, since there's not a lot in there that can break. Do you have a Windows license lying around? Bootcamp might be worth it: I almost get 2x performance in Windows compared to OSX! How is it "brittle" and "error-prone"? You create your model object and KVO observe its properties from the controller. How much simpler and more decoupled could you get? If you're using MVC correctly, it seems to me that the pieces just naturally fall into place. You also get the benefit of being able to change your model from elsewhere in your program, or even swap it out completely, and have it automatically reflect in your view. (On the other hand, if your app is not model-based, I can see how it could get unwieldily.) I've heard that before, but oddly enough, performance in a Parallels VM is often close to native Windows for me, despite ultimately going through those same OSX drivers. Someone on HN hypothesized that this might be due to Parallels' shader optimization. You can actually download the ISO from a Microsoft CDN, but I don't have a link on me right now. That's what I meant: I'm pretty sure digitalriver.com is Microsoft's own CDN, used for App Store and MSDN downloads. You can even verify the hashes on an actual Microsoft subsite — possibly here? http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/subscriptions/downloads/ Ooooh, they have Ewan Dobson: https://www.soundslice.com/pitch-perfect/ewan-dobson-tabs/ Also, this looks like a pretty kick-ass sheet music engine. I've never thought about it before, but using HTML and CSS for responsive and stylable sheet music seems like an excellent fit. If only this tech was open source! Miguel Cepero of the Procedural World blog said something similar: that with the increasing complexity of AAA games, the only way forward is to procedurally generate much of the content. He talks the talk, too: the engine that he's currently building can algorithmically create varied terrain and architecture while still allowing you to manipulate the game world like in Minecraft. http://procworld.blogspot.com Personally, I don't necessarily agree. I've had way more fun with simple-looking games over the past few years (Super Mario Galaxy, all the crazy indie platformers, Minecraft, Counter-Strike, etc.) than with any AAA games. I think the way forward for the medium is to focus more on tight and innovative game design rather than shiny graphics and enormous (but ultimately empty) spaces. No procedurally generated world will ever contain the intelligence of a single cleverly-designed level. On the other hand, I've also had a lot of fun with roguelikes, and I really look forward to the innovations in procedural generation over the next few years.