Hello, 1. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: pinch to zoom with touchpads DESCRIPTION: pinch to zoom with touchpad is convenient and available on most platforms. It would be nice to have it on Ubuntu and other distributions, too. It is already available with touchscreen on some applications but not at all on touchpads. 2. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Pixel-perfect scrolling everywhere by default. DESCRIPTION: Pixel-perfect scrolling makes it more easier to read long texts. 3. FLAVOR: all HEADLINE: Parallelize apt / dpkg DESCRIPTION: Installation of packages requires downloading, unkpacking, configuring. Using apt(-get), one cannot install two or more things in parallel. Package downloads could be done even if an installation is already ongoing and requests to install packages could be added to the current installation process instead of rejecting them because there is already an installation running (with possibly priority handling). 4. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: One-click add ppa + install app DESCRIPTION: It should be easy for users to install applications that are not in the repository. One click to add a ppa and install an application (with any security warning that applies) would be a good step toward this. 5. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Stability when resuming from suspend DESCRIPTION: With too many laptops, resuming from suspend is unreliable and may hang. 6. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Higher maximum volume level DESCRIPTION: One thing that is consistent across many laptop, maximum sound is too quiet for integrated speakers. 7. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Make Emoji input and display easy and here by default DESCRIPTION: More and more people like and use emojis. A Ubuntu should handle that correctly. 8. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Show battery usage per application and alert when an application is eating battery (unexpectedly) DESCRIPTION: sometimes, a process uses too much battery and has time to waste energy before noticed. 9. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Remote control without configuration DESCRIPTION: it would be nice to be able to help a novice Ubuntu user remotely, without making him / her install and configure anything, even if they are using a public wifi, with low latency (with a possibility to take control with an ssh-like method). 10. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Bring atomic snapshots to the common user DESCRIPTION: Btrfs and ZFS provide atomic snapshots that can be used to go back in time in case something bad happened. Ubuntu could bring this functionality to the user by making it possible to cancel an update or a configuration, and to protect user's home directory from human mistakes by periodically making snapshots.This would be a useful complement to regular backups. ROLE/AFFILIATION: Kubuntu Desktop user FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Exfat installed by default DESCRIPTION: Many cameras use exfat for their memory cards. Users should not have to install an obscure exfat-fuse package to handle this. (forgot that in my previous comment) A bit off topic but I wrote a very small JS library that uses this exact format 6-7 years ago. It transforms such an object to a DOM tree. This is nice to see somebody mention this format, this kind of validates it. So, thank you! It also accepts things like ["div#123.class-name-1 class-name-2", ["span", "Hello world"]]. You can keep a reference of a node in a Javascript object if needed: let refs = {}; let div = jso2dom( ["div", ["span", {"#":"sp"}, "Hello world"] ], refs ); console.log(refs.sp); // Hello World I've found it very convenient so far and still use it today. This is simple, prodigiously stupid and works in vanilla JS, so this works for me for the time being. Parsing may be complex but in my case, this is done by the Javascript engine, so I'm not affected by this complexity. This is possible in D using /+ comments +/. https://wiki.dlang.org/Commenting_out_code#Nested_comments This allows commenting out code containing comments, which can be useful when debugging or giving usage examples in the code. One small thing that bothers me is the upvote button that looks too much like a button to (un)fold comments, especially when you can't downvote and therefore don't have any downvote button. I just discovered that there is a [-] to (un)fold comments by the way. I would probably just have swapped the positions and use less confusing icons. Another thing is the occasional blocks of code that are too wide and not wrapped, this requires horizontal scrolling which I find a bit annoying, especially on phones. And the text-reflow Firefox extension does not handle this, otherwise it would be a non-issue for me. At the beginning, the appearance of HN seemed raw to me, but I got used to it and like it. The Intel integrated graphic card of my laptop does handle 3 screens fine and I dont need to mess with drivers, everything works well out of the box. I would actually advise against NVIDIA cards unless you need powerful graphic processing or to do GPU computation. Stock rom without root was pretty decent for me. No ads at all. However, I only use free software apps mostly from F-Droid (and uBlock Origin takes care of the web). I knew that this was putting myself in a bubble, but I had not realized that the experience of using a phone for a lot of people must be that annoying. What a shame. Computers should serve humans, not the other way round! I discovered Google Play's App Store on someone else's phone, that was painful and stressful. But what you are describing seems hellish. "Chrome for Android now supports Widevine L1, allowing sites to play encrypted media in a secure way." Really? If I want visitors to play encrypted videos in a secure way, I serve them through HTTPS using a codec that does not have patent issues! Widevine is not a matter of allowing anything. This sentence is an horrible way to describe what it is for. Good article otherwise, except for the annoying top bar. I wondered the same thing a while ago and I would think this is to ease dragging the window with the mouse, which you may want to do easily when the window is not maximized. I'd really like Firefox on Linux to hide the window title bar (at least when maximized) and put the close / maximize / reduce buttons in the tab bar (or make it an option). The tab bar does already allow one to move the window, at least on KDE. Then, Firefox could adopt the same kind of behavior as Chrome for this. Thanks for the tip. I didn't know maximus. Actually, kwin does allow writing rules that do exactly that. However, this removes window management buttons, which I don't use often but do like to have. Extensions did that but are not compatible anymore ans never really had an integrated look. I recognize this is mostly feelings though I used to have tab trees and they are amazing. The extension I used had some stability / slowness issues and I also like having nothing on the sides of the webpage. I would still appreciate a tree view that shows when clicking a button when I need it, maybe something like the Netsurf History that shows when long clicking on its previous button (by the way, this next/previous tree feature of Netsurf is awesome, it would be great to have this as is in other browsers). But I usually have many tabs and Firefox is usable without tree tabs. I use CTRL+tab to cycle through most recently used tabs. If you enable the browser.ctrlTab.previews about:config setting, you get a nice alt+tab-like window. The order of tabs in ctrl+tab is changed when using browser.ctrlTab.previews (from simple in order tab circle to circle through most recently used tabs, lastly used first). I have become dependent on this to the point that Chrome or Firefox without it feel like they get in my way when I browse. I also from time to time used the list of tabs provided by the ctrl+tab previous window, but it seems to have just disappeared in a recent Firefox update? Anyway, I find that the most efficient way to go to a not so recently-used tab is to just search for something in its title or its URL in the URL bar (CTRL+L) and use the "go to tab" feature (and I disable search engine suggestions in the URL bar). And if you closed the tab, the page will be proposed because it is in the history. Chrome's URL tab just feels useless in comparison. The URL bar of Firefox and its CTRL+TAB tab preview feature / cycle order are two killer features for me. Losing them would be painful. With light pages + efficient ad blocking, 50 tabs seem actually light on memory. This may be less true with video pages or many heavy online newspaper websites. Since I got a 32 GiB RAM computer, I don't know what is the memory usage of Firefox anymore. I love them at times. Do you know if a Firefox 57+ compatible extension exists for that? This is great. I didn't expect this to happen so soon. When we will have this and pixel-perfect scrolling enabled by default, the Firefox UI will be close to ideal for me. To get pixel scrolling now, the solution is easy: #!/usr/bin/env sh MOZ_USE_XINPUT2=1 exec /usr/bin/firefox "$@" I use rss2email with cron to send posts of my family's blog by email to people for whom straight RSS is not convenient. This is especially nice for my grandmother, who has an iPad. I found no RSS reader there that is easy to use enough, free and ad-free. I just wanted something I can just give a RSS link to and it fetches this link and shows content. And nothing else. This does not seem to exist. My grandmother knows how to read and write emails. Blog posts are rendered properly using rss2email in her mailbox. And she knows how to click in the email to go to the blog and comments at times. This is actually even simpler and more optimal than a dedicated RSS App. One unique easy way to get news from the family using the tablet. And the blog is easier than Facebook (I guess - never used it). There is just our content in the pages and that’s it. No irrelevant stuff around and no notifications. If you are looking for ways to keep in touch with a group of people in which somebody is not really into computers, this may be one nice solution. So, thanks to the authors of rss2email. I wondered the same for the downvotes. #3 (communal process) can be really fun and enjoyable. It depends on the people. Each time I experienced it, people were always having great time. Perfection should not be sought. Letting people add their creativity can help. It can really be a good idea. But do not force anyone not willing to participate and do not make such people feel like they are jerks. #2 really depends on the people. It has been wrong most of the cases in my experience. People often enjoy food. Food is part of the pleasure for many people! Maybe you could use a different theme for each profile, or put different buttons or buttons in different order in the toolbar? Maybe there could be an extension that shows the name of the current profile and/or an image/text chosen by the user in the toolbar or the tab bar? The extension would have to be installed in each profile, but this is to be done only once. Please still my idea, whether you are a Firefox or an addon developer! The keyword trick given by others is nice. If like me you are lazy, use the autocomplete feature. First manually type the URL with the search terms and validate. Then for your second search type some unique part of the base URL and it appears because it is in your history, press down and modify the URL for your new search. When you have done this several times, it seems firefox understands what you are trying to do and autocompletes the URL with the common parts. Works Weil with wiktionary, wikipedia and WordReference for instance. Special mention to WordReference with its friendly URL scheme. Works on firefox mobile too. I canot remember how to validate autocompletion, my fingers do it themeselves. It must be something like Right or CTRL+Right. On mobile, it is a touch. I wonder why it works for me and not for you. I guess I'll have to guess what in my usage pattern allows that :-) Maybe I accessed the base URL without the query parameters. The Linux kernel. edit: VLC. I guess KDE Connect uses this kind of API to share the clipboard between the phone and the computer. This is very convenient, but this can be a bit scary too. This means your phone which is full of proprietary blobs accesses everything that is copied from the computer. This is even worse if you have any app you do not fully trust on the phone. Maybe a solution would be to have a manual button "share clipboard with the phone", instead of automatically sharing the clipboard. Solving this seems pretty similar to how browsers handle phishing related issues with International Domain Names. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IDN_homograph_attack I have used Viz.js since 2012 in Aude [1], a tool to play with Finite State Machines, in order to display results from algorithms like minimization, determinization and other common FSM-related algorithms, and also to provide an automatic redraw feature when drawing FSMs. The user can also input FSMs in a small description language, and they are drawn automatically using the same system. For people who don't know Viz.js, it is basically GraphViz compiled for the web as ASM.js using emscripten plus a convenient way to call it. Usage is simple: you give the DOT code, and it returns an SVG document as string (other formats are actually supported). Viz.js is awesome. Thanks Mike Daines! And obviously, thanks Graphviz! Webgraphiz uses a viz.js file. Is it actually the same Viz.js? (edit: yes, it is) [1] https://aude.imag.fr/ There is a market to take here: Javascript as a Service, to bypass CorpNets. Ubuntu is probably going to be updated before January, 9th ( https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/KnowledgeBase/SpectreAn... ) So I sent those quotes to Richard Stallman: - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081602 (this thread's original message) - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081712 (the parent) - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16081700 ("Stallman is the hero we don’t deserve") With some encouraging sentences to keep on making the world a better place. He felt honored. He asked me to post this for him. "Now that you recognize these problems are real, how about joining in the work to fix them? See gnu.org/help for a list of many different kinds of work that we need (programming is just one of many), then pick one and help!" I use perdu.com to test my connection and for captive portals. The website is fast, light (to say the least), always up, the URL is short and there is no valid HTTPS version so no need to type http:// . It also makes people around smile (and ask what this website is while I'm testing stuff and not thinking about it). English translation: Lost on the Internet? Don't panic, we are going to help you * It is amazing how this joke has been there since 1998, without a change. In 2016, perdu.com was displayed 1-2 million times per day and his author was spending €65 per year for this (source: https://www.nouvelobs.com/rue89/rue89-internet/20160603.RUE3... ). Or Gocker, an implementation of Docker in go... (Edit: pwinnski was faster than me) I think 2.7MB is the size of the average web page on the Web on mobile (3.4M on desktop). Which is quite scary. (Edit: though this may refer to pages that are being developed and tested in Page Speed, see the other comment). I wrote a whole (private, small) website with pictures (photos and images) and styles that includes a maze using JavaScript in 0.6 MB total. I didn't spend too much time in optimizing this. I cheated a bit: links in this website point to anchors in the same HTML file. This does mean that without this trick, one page would be even lighter. I would find it hard to write a 3MB webpage without doing it on purpose. Something is wrong with Web development. Stop wasting resources! Yes, that was the point :-) > How can a skillful JS developer make the site better for me when I want to avoid ANY extra features and distractions? I don't know if I qualify as a skillful JS developer, but I run a website displaying pictures that works correctly without Javascript. However, Javascript makes this website way faster, smoother and easier on the connection by downloading only the moving parts when clicking on a link, carefully preserving history so back/next works as if this script did nothing. When Javascript is disabled, an ugly white flash appears when navigating between some pages and rendering is just slower, even though it remains decent (my code is minimalist anyway…) When leaving the page of a picture to come back to the album it is in, scroll position is restored. This is impossible without Javascript. History Back button is not sufficient: you might have looked at 10 pictures before coming back to the album. Sure, you can still ask your browser to come back 10 pages ago, but this is less convenient than just clicking on a cross. It also help dimension images correctly, which I could not manage to do using pure CSS, unfortunately. No Javascript tracker is present. You want Javascript enabled on this website because it helps using less resources and makes things easier to use. This is a 9 KB Javascript file that gets compressed to 3 KB and served using HTTP2 only once, so this is basically a null cost when considering how much a picture weighs (~ 100KB). And this is free software, for the sake of it. But you cannot know this on random websites. Problem is, Javascript is not used like this in general. Unfortunately for websites like this one, disabling Javascript by default is still a reasonable thing to do. Worse, visitors of this website that disable Javascript won't be aware of that, because things pretty much work as expected and I don't display a warning message. Has someone ever tried to submit images from Google captchas to Google Images? An answer like "This is definitely a sign" from Google Images would be funny. The problems might be due to interactions with wifi. On my laptop, I need to unload iwlwifi: modprobe -r iwlwifi and then reload it with these options: sudo modprobe iwlwifi bt_coex_active=0 swcrypto=1 11n_disable=8 for Bluetooth to work correctly. Without this, discovering Bluetooth devices often does not work correctly and when I manage to pair my headphones with the laptop, the connection is often lost when wifi is used. For 1, my configuration of zsh solves the problem and avoids surprises by marking pasted shell code and letting me review it before running it, even if there are several lines. This is great for just pasting stuff from the internet and adapt as I wish without having to retype the entire thing or use an editor. I think this is a default behavior in oh-my-zsh. Actually, my zsh config mostly behaves like fish with great completion, syntax coloring and sensible history handling, with zsh syntax which is close to bash. So I can copy paste stuff from the internet and reuse my knowledge from the time I used bash because it was the default, and still leverage the improvements brought by zsh. I don't understand 2. For 3, of course you should understand what you run, but I don't want my tools to get in the way. My tools should allow me to do what I want, not prevent me from doing something for technical reasons. This is a question of education. If people want to run something without understanding it, I bet they will type it blindly, if they can't copy paste it. They will just be slower at running things blindly, leading them to a disaster just a bit slower. Please let me not lose my time even more when I cause disasters. (Yes, true, retyping stuff forces your more to think about it, but I already review the things I paste into my shell) Okay, bracketed paste does not help against attacks. Hello! One small comment about this webpage on Firefox mobile: in portrait mode the page shows correctly, but in landscape mode the header + the message inviting visitors to try GitLab EE take about 50% of the screen, which makes the page a bit annoying to read. I think visitors should be able to get rid of the message and the header should be made non sticky or a least way smaller if you really like those sticky headers. I guess landscape 1080p is considered as a regular computer there, but this is false in my case. Thanks for making GitLab, this is what I currently use for my projects. Pandoc ( http://pandoc.org/ ) is written in Haskell and converts documents across formats. The AOSP keyboard lacks functionality when compared to Google keyboard by default: there is no way to swipe on the keyboard to write words, and you cannot input emojis by writing their description. Please, do not drain my batteries, waste resources of my planet and make me (or my employer, or my coffee shop, or my train company, or my library) pay electricity to prove I'm not a robot. Please, do not make Internet an energy hog more than it already is. Spam is still an issue. When you set up a new mail server, you are likely to be filtered by big providers because they will consider you as spam. I've personally had issues with Microsoft and a local provider. This makes self hosting or running a small email provider hazardous, which is problematic. I never had issues with Google and Yahoo though. I guess spam and spam filters also have an ecological impact even if spams don't end up in our inbox. And there are false positives too. Because of spam, we are likely to miss a legitimate message one day or another. And I regularly see phishing on my professional inbox. So spam is still an issue even if it is hidden, for several reasons. At INRIA (a French computer science research institute), AV became mandatory on Macs last year. A colleague of mine got hit recently by a crypto-miner on their Mac. I don't know if they had an AV, and if so, if the AV would have caught the miner. This was detected by the IT department by monitoring suspicious traffic. I don't use a macOS so I can't really say. I see AVs as another piece of proprietary software that you have to trust, and that takes significant resources without knowing how useful they are. On Windows, I would probably use the one from Microsoft, since it's free and since I would already "trust" Microsoft by using their OS and I would somewhat bet that it is in their interest to keep their OS safe. I can't be sure tough: why is it not integrated by default (or is it?)? To allow competition? Then is Microsoft making their antivirus less efficient so the competition is still relevant? And maybe AV is not really Microsoft's main business so their antivirus may be lacking? On the other side, I would bet it is in the interest of other AVs to always nag you and make you feel they are present and useful more than being actually efficient for other things than high detection rates in benchmarks. They are irritating and advertise themselves in people's mail signatures, sometimes outright lying: "this email as no viruses" - That you can't be sure, and the mail could have got a virus in its way between the sender and the recipient. By design, AVs can't really detect new viruses and I would not feel really more confident with an AV than without because of that. AVs didn't catch ransomwares when they first appeared after all. I don't use any antivirus. My approach to security is: - Using only free software, as much as possible (I know, I would need to audit everything I use for this to be perfect, but I can't possibly do that). - that is preferably installed from the OS vendor, which I have no choice to trust anyway. - usage of an ad blocker with more filters than the default - be careful where clicking links - instant backups in a self hosted cloud for important things, and automatic daily snapshots of this cloud somewhere else - and I also happen to never be browsing sketchy websites. - all this is true on my phone as well. One could add usage of Google safe browsing or something related for phishing. And also blocking Javascript or third party Javascript by default when browsing, which I did at some point in my life but which is not convenient for most people. Would I recommend AV for somebody who uses an OS that is more targeted by viruses than mine, and is likely to fell in a trap (the kind of trap an AV would catch anyway)? Probably Windows Defender on Windows, for Macs I really don't know. If there is an AV provided by Apple or by some other company you trust, I guess I would go for it rather than having nothing. You can always get viruses from the network that will silently exploit an unfixed security breach on any system, and that may remain undetected so at least, I would tell them to be careful, to keep their system updated and to make backups regularly (ideally, backups should be automatic to some extent), since AVs can't guarantee that no virus will make it. I would make sure that they are not too confident in the AV, too. Asciiflow is nice: http://asciiflow.com/ Funny. These new tabs in Chrome make me think of the tabs in Firefox before Quantum, although in Chrome they are more rectangular. This would be a mix of Firefox Quantum and pre-Firefox Quantum tabs. I'll possibly feel like I am using an old Firefox version when running Chrome the first few times. I host my mails and to my surprise, gmail has been one provider which hasn't caused me any trouble so far in 2 years, with Yahoo. I have proper configuration for dkim, SPF and dmarc. Even when my mails were somewhat misconfigured it worked with gmail. When a recipient has a gmail or a Yahoo address, I am quite confident that my mails will make it into their inbox correctly. Not that I'm glad that most people I email with use gmail, since I'm precisely hosting my mails to escape Google (well, this is one of the reasons). I cannot say that for Microsoft. After a long discussion with them, I think I'm not systematically landing in my recipients' spam folder anymore, but I'm still not very confident. Microsoft, please fix your filters! If I already exchanged with somebody in a two-way direction several times, my mails should not land in their spam folder anymore, especially if they explicitly marked me as not spam (even more if they added me to their contact list), and if you observed only legitimate mails for months or even years from my IP/domain, my mails should not be treated as spam by default even for new recipients, right? Good and reasonable filters are important for internet neutrality, where small providers can exist. Automating tasks is freeing humanity of some amount of necessary labor to achieve (assuming any task is useful). This means, in a society were things are correctly organized, more average free time for humans, more things we can achieve. Which is desirable, if we are not achieving self destruction or the destruction of our neighborhood. But I'm optimistic, I'm sure we will be able to figure this out at some point that I hope is not too distant in the future. This is my feeling. Also, if people like to do something that can be automated, they will still be able to do that. Just not as a job maybe... Or maybe not. Some people still paint pictures that are pretty close to actual photos. And, in my opinion, in a well organized society, people have enough free time to do what they like to do. Not automating things we can automate is maintaining useless work for humans. We should just be sure about what can be automated, which is not so easy. If you replace a cashier by a machine, you may free this person from risking serious injuries in some cases, and from a task that can be dull and repetitive. You also remove some human interactions that people may appreciate (and maybe even rely on) and that a machine cannot provide. I've already gone out of a shop happier just because I had a nice or funny exchange with the cashier, or even a smile. At the end of the day, this kind of things is useful. I believe we will always need human interactions, some jobs might not be automatable for this reason. So cashiers might be better replaced by machines in many places for a lot of good reasons, but human interactions have to be maintained somewhere. This may not have to be part of a job however. And i agree that sometimes, you just want to buy your stuff and go out without having to expose yourself to any human interaction. I completely agree with you. I have to disagree. I use plasma as my desktop environnement and I occasionally use some gtk3 apps like evince. The KDE team did a good job porting the breeze theme to gtk, evince is beautiful here. So is gedit and meld is okay too. The gtk header bar also looks good and I actually like it. Chrome also looks good here. KDE also provide a nice configuration tool for gtk apps. Worst case, I feel gtk apps look and feel as they do in gnome, which is okay. The gnome crowd paid attention to the look and feel of their software and this is noticeable. I still do prefer KDE apps most of the time, I always feel they behave the right way. What should be zoomable with the mouse wheel is for instance. Qt apps also look good on gnome, especially when using the breeze theme. Gnome with this theme is beautiful. However, many KDE apps are broken or ugly if QT_QPA_PLATFORMTHEME is not set to "kde" (and then you get whatever theme is configured in plasma, not the theme of your current desktop environment). At least outside of gnome. Bare Qt apps don't have this problem: VLC looks good everywhere. However, configuring the look and feel of Qt 5 apps is a pain outside of KDE. Gtk3 apps are also more likely to behave better on a touchscreen (scrolling, for instance). Plasma do behave very well on a touchscreen. KDE apps, not so particularly well. Gtk 2 is a disaster, popup menus are unusable. This makes xfce unusable on touchscreens on which I tested it. Some details, some behaviors are different between the toolkits. Overflowing toolbars unhide differently for instance (this is visible with LibreOffice vs LyX. I find Qt a bit annoying with this). With Qt you get the opportunity to have a good opening file dialog. The gtk one is nice looking but quite annoying. It autocompletes in a surprising way (in KDE at least), and reauires typing Ctrl+L to type a path but the recently used files gets in the way (although is occasionally very helpful). I also have observed that Qt apps play well with the DPI / font scaling setting of the xsdl x server on Android. Gtk apps require to set GDK_DPI_SCALE manually. For programming, I would not hesitate between Qt and gtk. The Qt API is clean and straightforward and powerful. Gtk looks worse to me. And for the documentation, Qt is top notch. I might have missed something on the side of gtk. I would use gtk only if I have to use C. Qt apps will also probably look better outside of Linux/BSD than gtk apps. Gtk will probably look more native than anything on the Ubuntu desktop, since everything in Ubuntu is written in gtk. I would still consider Qt though. With care given to integration, good result should be reachable. Yes, they don't really deserve you as a user. I wouldn't trust Microsoft for privacy today. I think the "best" option for now would be an Android phone without Google services. And as a developer you don't have to play to put your app in the F-Droid repository (you may want to donate though). In 2019, the Librem 5 will probably be a good (expensive?) option too. You don't need root and developer options on such a device. If your device is well supported, you may have regular OTA updates with latest security patches (which is not always the case with stock Android by the way). Using only apps from F-Droid, I'm reasonably sure no app is doing something shady. Google is probably not spying on you as much as on a regular Android phone. No need for having a Google account to install apps, by the way. Depending on the device, SELinux policies can be enforced (and probably are on a well supported device). F-Droid requires enabling insecure sources but this is not a problem if you don't download random APKs from the Internet and on Oreo, it seems insecure sources are handled with a permission given per app. Insecure sources can be enabled in any regular Android device anyway. (edit: and actually, I think enabling insecure sources is not necessary if F-Droid Privileged Extension is flashed on the device ( https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged... ) I can't verify what are doing the numerous proprietary blobs all over the place, but this is true on any current Android phone so far (and this is my motivation to put "best" inside quotes actually). Why would this option not be secure enough compared to a regular Android phone? Sure you have to deal with an unlocked bootloader, but if someone gets physical access to the phone, they can unlock it anyway. They will not get access to the data since it is encrypted (it should, anyway!). (p.s. for posterity: I meant "pay", not "play" in my previous message) Posted in 2018 as requested by cozuya on Jan 30, 2014 [1] in a comment to HN post [2] > Thanks for traversing the bounds of space and time and posting this blog post from the year 2018 when IE8 is no longer supported for enterprise. Is IE still supported for enterprise? [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7152491 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7152068 And VS Code, which is actually not a free software when downloaded from the official website if I understand things correctly. Here is the license: https://code.visualstudio.com/License/ And yes, VSCode from this website includes tracking. Though they clearly advertise this as "Free. Open source.". Which seems wrong to me. In my opinion, it's based on open source code at best. I was just replying to the last paragraph. I haven't said anything else and please be assured I'm not going to complain. I'm not attacking Microsoft and I'm not endorsing google. I actually agree with the rest of the parent's comment and with amp being bad. I do think selling anything as open source when it's not in a subtle way is shady and I won't comment on which is worse, I'm not in a position to compare. And VScode being an Electron app isn't relevant to me. I also won't comment on Microsoft buying github, I'm not a fortune teller. As far as I'm concerned, I chose not to host my stuff on github anyway from the begining, since the platform is not open source. I won't rely on any feature of gitlab that is not in the community edition for the same reasons. I which gitlab sold support and hosting instead of proprietary software. In French, some people say étasunien (or États-Unien, Étatsunien) to avoid saying américain. États-Unis d’Amérique meaning USA. https://fr.wiktionary.org/wiki/%C3%89tasunien This could happen with any online service people rely on. For maps and directions, at least at some places, decent offline solutions exist and not relying on availability of a third party service and a good internet connection is helpful (and is probably better for privacy). Doing this for enough services also might be a way to lower energy consumption (?) and mobile bills. To me, this feels like a clever ad for their products, where most people will feel good because they get perfect score if not colorblind and will want to read will being receptive. Usage of term "IQ" may further flatter ego and attract people to do the test. I admit enjoying doing the test. I think I would have liked something like "ah ah, you were wrong for these colors!". I'm still interested in a color perception test. No need for data connection, which can be (more) expensive and energy intensive. The phone can be in deep sleep, consuming nothing, and yet deliver texts in a timely manner. Sometimes in bad network conditions, texts work while calls and data fail. Some pitfalls are reliability and lack of encryption and usually requiring a phone (which almost requires running non free today in practice, and having an entity knowing your position at all time and exposition to electromagnetic waves) In France texts are usually unlimited in any offer, starting at 2€ "there is nothing better than being in or near water with a long stick attached to some kind of cord." Yoga or meditation could? (in a quiet area with water if you like) I guess this is difficult to totally order set of possible activities by their goodness. Activities each have their strengths. But I'm uncomfortable with qualifying an activity that involves purposefully hurting or killing living beings good. There must be better ways to spend one's life. Instead of catching fishes, start catching ideas! Write, paint or draw near a lake! :-) "Female education"? Isn't the problem concerning everyone? In the west we can try and stop producing plastic uselessly. Make people pay for disposable glasses everywhere, they will start bringing their own as they do for bags when shopping in sensible places. Stop producing useless packaging, make it forbidden for most things, make loose products the default and privileged way to buy and sell anything. Provide reusable stainless steel containers, glass bottles, solid fabric bags that last. Only produce things in plastic when it is absolutely necessary, things that are not thrown away after first and unique use. Use plastic to build solid items when the only alternative is to kill or make an animal suffer. When fabric, glass or metal cannot reasonably be used. Make buying used things convenient and the privileged way to acquire stuff. Recycling is costly and inefficient. The best waste is the one that is not produced. (I did not make this sentence myself.) And the most ecological phone is the one you already have (to cite fairphone) so phones should be designed to last very long and people should stop buy phones every two years. This is true for many things, not just phones. Also some items might not be worth to have that much. Do you really need a (smart)watch especially when you already have a phone, considering all the resources and pollution it takes to make one, and considering the watch itself becomes a waste within a few years? 25% of ocean pollution may come from a handful developing countries, but that may just mean they don't handle waste. That does not mean they produce much more of it. Developed country burn much of their waste. This is better but still absolutely terrible. The version in f-droid provides anything free, which the version in google play does not. This app is excellent. I'll probably donate. I would be totallly comfortable with doing this if they made their UI free, making osmand a completely free software. I which I could use it on a regular computer, or if a web service provided something similar to what we get with osmand, the experience of its offline search included. Next step would be mapillary providing a free app to contribute to their database or osmand providing a way to do it. Osmand on android provides this feature. You can also ask to avoid a specific road in the map. Correcting the spelling and always guessing what your query means... Well not so much. Swapping on SSDs is not ideal though, because of limited number of writes. Is it still relevant with SSDs produced now by the way? I can't really say since I don't use google maps so much but I expect search to be better than in osmand (while online). > I'd love to have branching history as well: so I have a tab and it has a linear history through which I can either go "forward" or "backward". Now, if I move backward in history, and click on a different link in that page, the history should branch at that point so that I won't loose the track of my previous "forward" pages when I click on a link in a previous page. Implemented in Netsurf, with a nice history tree with screenshots :-) I'd really like to see this in mainstream browsers. This feature list makes me think of Xpra. This uses X11, not wayland, though. https://xpra.org/ "Xpra is an open-source multi-platform persistent remote display server and client for forwarding applications and desktop screens. It gives you remote access to individual applications or full desktops. On X11, it is also known as screen for X11: it allows you to run programs, usually on a remote host, direct their display to your local machine, and then to disconnect from these programs and reconnect from the same or another machine, without losing any state. It can also be used to forward full desktops, from X11 servers, MS Windows, or Mac OS X. Xpra also allows forwarding of sound, clipboard and printing services. Sessions can be accessed over SSH, or password protected over plain TCP sockets with or without SSL. Xpra is usable over reasonably slow links and does its best to adapt to changing network bandwidth constraints." I'm in the EU and I don't see the nag screen. This might be the result of either uBlock Origin or I don't care about cookies. If people keep on telling what is wrong firmly, in factual, non-personal and non insulting ways, I cannot imagine why things would go wrong. Conflicts are needed and can be respectful. I'm just a random person on the Internet, but I would trust Linus Torvalds and his experience on allowing these changes. He is clever. From what I've heard from him, he is probably not quitting speaking up his disagreements as soon as possible in any way. And actually, from what I saw, most of his mails are actually kind, factual and respectful. Insult me, or someone else, or show some disrespect, I'll just leave / not come or get in your way because I can't stand it. Simple. Problem is, I'm sure there are competent people out there who's contributions are / would be valuable who are like me. There is no way around it. You can still tell me I am doing something (badly) wrong in an efficient way. You should not hide this fact to me if you feel like I should be made aware about it. Just don't take the time to write that I should be retroactively aborted (well, actually, I personally found this idea incredibly funny, but this is still unwarranted and harmful, especially when abortion is a sensitive subject for many people). edit: Hurting people's feelings is probably unavoidable, but effort can be make to limit it. In September 2018, Chrome now looks like Firefox 29-56 and Firefox now looks like Firefox 4-28 as far as tabs are concerned. I can't wait Firefox looking like Chrome 1-60 and then Firefox and Chrome looking like NetSurf and deciding that tabs under the address bar are better because of matters related to mouse / hand traveling distance, and then removing the address bar altogether, and then adding back the status bar, and then presenting tabs as a lottery wheel, before deciding that one window per page is more user friendly according to a new user A/B testing experiment, after all. And because of some unfortunate extension API breaking change, your preferred tab browsing plugin will not work for the first shiny new versions of these browsers like that. And then Edge (or whatever the current name of Internet Explorer at this time after a rebranding following a scandal related to some Cortana incident) catching up, and opening a new window each time a link is clicked in Firefox or Chrome to try and steal users (which will lead to some meaningless fine from the EU). :q! I like tabs on top, and this is even better now that hiding the native window title bar in Firefox works out of the box on GNU+Linux. Despite the humor in my previous message, I have actually liked most UI changes in Firefox since the beginning, except for a few things that can be reverted in seconds or that I don't really care so much about. The biggest thing being the removal of the search bar in the default configuration. I didn't really like the rounded tabs and now they are gone. My phone on Lineage OS 15 without Google stuff just works. There is nothing that does not work. It is flawless. Actually, it works better than an average Android phone, or than the same phone with stock system: - better battery life (it used ~ 2% battery during this very work day, with a few texts and one call) because it quite literally does nothing if I don't use it (granted, I use ForceDoze and that helps a lot). - It never shows any sign of slowness, is never laggy like I can witness on many phones around me (and I use Firefox Mobile, which is supposed to be slow from what I read). - I didn't have to disable any unwanted app. Well, except for EAP SIM Wifi authentication, which does not work on any custom ROM that I know of and flashing a custom ROM is indeed a stressful experience, especially the first time. Librem 5 will be pricey but seems like a good option when it is ready. On Osmand, saving one's home address, or any place for that matter, is easily done by clicking on the star button. One can categorize places if they want to. This is stored offline on the device. Charity makes sense in a capitalistic world, because some people get the "choice" of being poor in it. A worse system does not make another one better. With an indicator like "better / worse than X% web pages". I have been using self hosted email for two years, spam, I have received I did receive: - several spam emails by week until May on another domain I host (at info@ and contact@ , easy to filter out) - one spam last month at info@ , also easy to filter out. All of these spammy emails came from OVH IPs. It's interesting to see that I haven't received any spam to personalized email addresses I give to stuff that need an email for registration so far. edit: actually, I just received a spammy email at info@ . So weird. Not from OVH this time. People who switch mail providers: maybe use your own domain with the new provider, so you don't have to change your email address next time. I would be concerned about the privacy implication of it. Imagine if the browser sent the origin to widely used CDNs, or to Google Fonts, and that people didn't actually block Google domains on their browsers. Also, this would not be secure by default, because you would have to change the default behavior of the server to block cross origin requests. In 2018, you need a web browser to view the web. Plus uBlock Origin. Plus I don't care about cookies. A mere web browser respecting web standards to the letter would not suffice. To publishers: I'm not interested in you tracking me just for reading one text article from your website. Asking me is non-sense. Who the hell wants to customize their "tracking experience". I just want to access the content. I'm fine if you don't want me to read the article without your tracking stuff. Please block me. But don't ask me. This is creepy and this wastes everyone's time and bandwidth. Go to a street and ask people if they would like to be followed and if they would like to customize this experience. Hell no. I don't want to. Leave me alone. You may not care about me, but I'm sure I'm not alone. Many people are actually confused and afraid of these questions and run away. I've heard that from several people these last weeks. Time to switch to Firefox Mobile :-) Great extensions: - uBlock Origin - I don't care about cookies - Dark Background and Light Text (especially good with OLED screens but slows things down a bit and there is an annoying white flash on page load, probably because of the way Web Extensions work) I agree with you. Session cookies do not require consent but settings-related cookies do and this is a bit silly. But it got worse with GDPR (which I think is good, contrary to the previous law), and I don't care about cookies seems to take care of some of this mess. edit: but actually I don't set settings on random web pages, therefore they should not need my consent anyway. My consent could be asked the first time I set a setting, this would not be intrusive. So maybe the cookies law was not that bad either. This app is amazing. I find myself replying to texts with this quite often. It works well on wifi too :-) KDE is convenient for a lot of things. At least, handling of the desktop / wallpaper, the amazing command runner, the menu with its search bar that also supports running commands, the network, bluetooth, clipboard management, the task manager, the configuration center, the overall integration that pretty much stays here event without KDE's window manager (which is amazing too). I'm not speaking about KDE applications because they are usable outside of plasma, but I tend to like them too. So yes, if one day I found that an advanced tiling window manager is what I want, maybe I would keep the rest of the KDE environment. For what it's worth, krunner works well outside of plasma. I've found that the one of lxqt is quite nice too. I'm lost with runners from other desktop environments. No auto completion, no history or no calculator. I've found that clipboard is wiped on application exit in X11 when no clipboard manager is running. Annoying when this happens. KDE's one is Klipper, and I tend to set it such that it keeps and history or 50 items. Off topic: by the way, the absence of Copy paste using select+middle clic when using Wayland compositors is sadly the main thing that keeps me from using Wayland. Which is too bad, since my WQHD screen support in X is so so. I hope this gets fixed in a not to distant future, I rely on this feature. I think I encounter this behavior outside of big desktop managers, when using an openbox session for instance. For clipboard history, I understand that you don't want everything saved. I think most clipboard managers allow you to delete entries. (But you have to think about it) >> by the way, the absence of Copy paste using select+middle clic when using Wayland > It doesn't work as it is meant to, reliably with all the apps even with X11 with KDE5. I'm curious, in which situation it does not work correctly? Amazing, now we know why he has temporarily retired from kernel leadership and what he is really up to. Yes, I actually rely on mouse paste and Ctrl+V being independent clipboards (though usually clipboard managers offer to synchronize them, which I've never tried, so I can't say if it works flawlessly, and I can imagine glitches here). Edit: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/139191/whats-the-di... Correct rendering on Firefox, Chromium and Netsurf on Debian testing, wrong rendering on Firefox Mobile and the Browser app on Android. Most probably a font issue. Well, too bad, this means that as a customer, I'll probably have to pay for something I go out of my way to get rid of if I ever buy a new Android phone. I hope there will be some way to get a refund like when not accepting Windows licenses on computers. This is a good pun when speaking about an MP3 player. I really enjoyed reading this comment. I'm still smiling. Thanks. Now I can start working happy. carlmr, you issued a nice writing prompt. On Firefox you can use Dark Background and Light Text. Also works on Firefox Mobile, good results with a led screen. I see that Linus retiring from kernel development for a few days has indeed massive consequences. Also see https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18281465 I block Google domains on my main browser profile, and JavaScript by default. I noticed if I encounter a recaptcha on a website, I just tend to abandon and seek information elsewhere. Last time I was presented with a recaptcha when setting a search filter on a website. No, thanks. This is too much of a pain to unblock everything and answer a recaptcha. I'll pass. When I do answer a recaptcha in despair, this is a pain to do. This page works correctly only with JavaScript disabled. I wish more websites were like that. And when Brise actually makes Gnome extremely beautiful for me. I find adwaita dull, as well as the tango icon set. Anyway, for consistency, I hope using the Brise theme and the corresponding icon set on gtk apps in KDE remains possible. Adwaita would probably not work really well on KDE apps. More generally, theming gtk apps is needed for nice integration in many non gnome environment. I get people who prefer not running desktop environments but I just like the convenience of using one. Every need I haven't anticipated is fulfilled. Integration of everything is here out of the box. I can tweak anything I would want to tweak but it turns out the default configuration usually pleases me. And it's fast and never gets in my way. Actually it's faster than no desktop environment: I have to use an USB key? Just plug it in, and it's mounted, I just need to click on the notification at the bottom right of the screen to open the file manager. I have a nice eject button to. No need to set this up myself or to launch mount commands. I can sill use commands if I want to. I would argue that outside of desktop environments, it's fast to do what I don't need to do in a desktop environment. I don't use a tiling window manager because my windows are always full screen anyway (or side by side), but I guess it would be possible to just run a tiling window manager instead of kwin in plasma or xfwm4 on xfce. (Gnome 3 may be different). The session is a bit slow to boot and that could be improved, but that's just a few seconds once in a while. I say all this knowing how to use a GNU/Linux system without a desktop environment perfectly well. Gnome came after (this was a good move, KDE was then based on non free software). I used gnome 2 and really liked it, i switched to kde before gnome 3 and now I just like KDE apps and Plasma more (and I regularly try gnome 3 out of curiosity). Imagine how much more wonderful KDE would be if gnome developers worked on KDE instead. I guess it's a matter of taste and personal experiences. I sure would appreciate that most of the work could be shared but the world is not perfect and the ability to explore and try different things in different ecosystems is valuable too. "You need to enable JavaScript to run this app." Depressing. What I want to be able to do with a phone: - calling - texting - taking pictures - occasionally recording sound - music - directions - occasionally, an alarm clock, a calendar and notes - web surfing is a nice to have and I use it now that I have it. - the ability to run a Debian Chroot and an X server is a nice to have. Lineage 15 (soon 16) with latest updates, without Google apps does that brilliantly well, and I get a solid 6 to 10 days of battery life. No emails (but k-9 mail works well if needed, and the webmail too), no chat. Chat would be possible (and I will probably want that in the future) with many applications like Signal, Riot, Conversations, maybe even WhatsApp (I haven't tested - not interested). Directions with OsmAnd gives me great offline functionality, allowing for a 2€/month phone plan. I get all notifications I want in a timely manner, which are texts and calls. No more. edit: Oh, and installing apps without the phone needing any email address. On iOS, I would not have such a freedom. Next step: a blob-free phone, or no phone at all. On Android, Termux lets you read and write texts using the Termux API, and set up an SSH server. Previous thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18715008 Nice! Also applies to kate: kate filename:line CTRL+K (or CTRL+D to comment out), CTRL+S, quit (current tab: CTRL+W, Alt+Tab or app: CTRL+Q) Particularly useful when the output of the previous command (compilation for instance) already contains filename:line. Then double click, middle click paste works well. or: kate filename CTRL+G line , CTRL+K, CTRL+S, quit. ry_ry imagines a possible future for the kernel after Linus is gone. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18281465 Funny and very well written. Edit: pasted a wrong link, fixed the context Seeing this feels a bit like when the end of production of floppy disks by Sony was announced in 2010. "Oh but they were still being produced?" You got me with your link. A nice seclusion room! I tried !ddg and !duck but it does not quite work. This Google search engine feels a bit strange and lacking. I hope they will catch up in this competitive market some day. I want to like it because it has a few nice features and I've tried it a few times but I always return to my good old regular search engine. I was joking, and I actually don't use bangs. I could have made the joke and not actually use Duck Duck Go. Though I use it so... not giving any data to Google is the killer feature for me. I like the idea that the results only depend on the keywords and not me. Instant results are quite nice too. I'd like not to indirectly depend on Microsoft though. Edit: and I'm not bound to Duck Duck Go. I'd be glad to use something else too. I think the interactivity you describe might be a different thing from what your parent is talking about. From what I understand, your parent talks about how the commands are built iteratively, with some kind of trial-error loop, which is a strength that is supposedly not emphasized enough. And I agree by the way. Nothing to do with how things are input. $ echo -e '0001\n0010\n0002\n0' | bc 1 10 2 0 If you are interested, I use a configuration for zsh that I see as "a shell with features like fish and a syntax like bash" In .zshrc: ZSH="$HOME/.oh-my-zsh" if [ ! -d "$ZSH" ]; then git clone --depth 1 git://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh.git "$ZSH" fi DEFAULT_USER=jraph plugins=(zsh-autosuggestions) # add zsh-syntax-highlighting if not provided by the system source "$HOME/.oh-my-zsh/oh-my-zsh.sh" PROMPT="%B%{%F{green}%}[%*] %{%F{red}%}%n@%{%F{blue}%}%m%b %{%F{yellow}%}%~ %f%(!.#.$) " RPROMPT="[%{%F{yellow}%}%?%f]" EDITOR=nano if [ -f /usr/share/zsh-syntax-highlighting/zsh-syntax-highlighting.zsh ]; then source /usr/share/zsh-syntax-highlighting/zsh-syntax-highlighting.zsh # Debian elif [ -f /usr/share/zsh/plugins/zsh-syntax-highlighting/zsh-syntax-highlighting.zsh ]; then source /usr/share/zsh/plugins/zsh-syntax-highlighting/zsh-syntax-highlighting.zsh # Arch fi Relevant packages to install: git zsh zsh-syntax-highlighting Then: zsh WARNING: it downloads and executes Oh My Zsh automatically using git. You may want to review it before. If it suits you: chsh Works on macOS, Arch, Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, Termux and probably in most places anyway. You may need this too: export TERM="xterm-256color" I feel that more succinct and quicker to write does not mean simpler. Fish tries to have a cleaner syntax and probably succeeds in doing so. It may even be an attempt to bring some change to the status quo that is the POSIX shell syntax. I didn't try to fish anyway, because I like to not have to think about translating when following some tutorial or procedure on the Web. Zsh just works for that, except in a few very specific situations (for a long time, you could not just copy paste lines from SSH warnings to remove known hosts, but this has been fixed recently by adding quotes). For posterity (I actually needed to install this today): You need to install zsh-autosuggestions by installing the package from your distribution (Debian, Arch) and source it, or just run: git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions ${ZSH_CUSTOM:-~/.oh-my-zsh/custom}/plugins/zsh-autosuggestions in zsh and do exec zsh. One might also want to use Firefox to resist against a Chrome monopoly. I do use Firefox for both reasons. The fact that I prefer it to Chrome also for convenience and practical reasons helps a lot of course. The F-Droid store on Android does that. If nothing is mentioned, the application does not track. For applications with tracking, a tracking anti-feature label is shown under the section "This app has features you may not like". Other labels exist, like "has non-free addons", or "the app contains non-free parts upstream". For an example of such a label: https://f-droid.org/fr/packages/org.mozilla.fennec_fdroid/ It makes me think that a catalog like OpenFoodFacts but for software with such anti-features listed could be an idea. "there is absolutely no way that anyone is going to have any faith in this currency" Termux does provide an additional row of keys that can be customized to add missing arrows and other keys easily. https://wiki.termux.com/wiki/Touch_Keyboard I found vim is actually the most convenient editor to use on Android to edit code without hardware keyboard compared to any editor that I found on f-droid. And I don't use vim on a regular computer. On Firefox, no plugin is needed for screen sharing. I wonder why one is needed in Chrome. If you hope it remains private or it gets forgotten, you should assume that it may go public / remain online forever. And archives exist for many pieces of public content. If you hope it stays forever, you should assume it may vanish in a few seconds. Yes it can, though it needs to be installed as a privileged app. So KDE Connect (with all features) joins NewPipe, AdAway and other amazing Android applications that are on F-Droid and not on Google Play. A selection of F-Droid apps: - AFWall+ (firewall, useful to block traffic to limit mobile data usage when I still need to enable it) - Amaze (File Manager) - AndIodine (Iodine client, use internet through wifi guarded by captive portals that still let DNS queries pass) - Barcode Scanner (scan QR and bar codes, share things through QR codes) - Clementine Remote (control the Clementine music player) - Draw (to write scores when playing games) - Easy xkcd, Simple Dilbert for comics - E numbers, OpenFoodFacts (to know what you eat) - Clip Stack, a Clipboard manager - DAVx⁵ (formerly DAVDroid), to synchronize contacts and calendars with a Nextcloud instance (or any CardDav / CalDav provider) - ForceDoze (to force the phone to really sleep when the screen is off) - Drowser (to kill chosen running apps when the screen goes off) - Document Viewer and PDF Viewer Plus to display PDFs. The former seems to segfault quite frequently but is nice when it works. - Fennec or Icecat (Firefox Mobile) - ForRunners (to keep track of running sessions, offline) - LogCat Reader (to show Android's debugging log) - LibreOffice Viewer (useful when people send office documents by mail) - K-9 Mail (Mail client) - Maps and OsmAnd (for Offline GPS), OpenVegeMap (helps finding places where to eat) - NextCloud (access files from a NextCloud instance, auto upload pictures) - OpenCamera, a nice application for taking pictures. Works better than Lineage's stock app on my phone. - oandbackup: backup data and applications. - QKSMS: a really nice SMS app that is able to synchronize with the default Android SMS app, which is important for me for backups - Riot.im (not using it at the moment though) - Red Moon, which I use to make the screen even darker (and it works well with an AMOLED screen). I don't actually use it to filter blue light. - SMS Backup +: to backup SMS and call logs to an IMAP account. I also copy files from /data/user_de/0/com.android.providers.telephony/ for that, which provide a perfect backup, MMSes included. - SatStat (to debug GPS, and show a compass) - Sky Map, to see the stars and constellations. - Sound Recorder - Termux: provides a GNU/Linux like environment, and a great terminal emulator which can be used with a real GNU/Linux distribution installed in a Chroot or from SSH. - UnicodePad (look for unicode characters / emojis) - VLC (a good music and video player) - 2048, Open Flood, PipePanic (games), DroidFish (chess) XServer XSDL is a good free X11 server for Android that is unfortunately not in F-Droid but now there is an X server in F-Droid (which seems to have less features). Etar looks like a good calendar app. I've come across Wi-Fi Reminders, which can be used to display notes when connecting to a particular Wi-Fi, which seems nice and useful. There are apps to avoid leaks when using Wi-Fi. And also notes / tasks apps that I don't use regularly. TrebleShot looks nice to exchange files between devices. [edit : added oandbackup] OsmAnd~, free on F-Droid, is the paid version OsmAnd+ on the Play Store with unlimited map downloads and probably other features. Which does not prevent from donating to OsmAnd. I didn't know Sky Map is a former Google app! Most apps on my list are probably on the Play Store indeed :-) You could type G, "oo" gets appended but selected so right arrow validates the suggestion, and continuing typing overwrites the suggestion and the second "o" is appended again if you type "o". Then "gle" is appended because it is more frequent but if you type "d" "gle" is replaced by "dread", with " read selected" Firefox does that in the address bar. My immediate question is: what are Microsoft interests of releasing an antivirus for macOS, let alone GNU/Linux? With Evince, you can right click on an image -> "save image as" in a PDF. It probably enables nice use cases but I hope it does not spread too much. Major features an email have: - it does not change (except for external resources, which are blocked by default anyway), - works offline, - can be read in ten years just fine. I want my mails to remain static and available and I don't think I'm okay with them running some uncontrolled code. I guess this is the reason: https://devblogs.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20180515-00/?p=98... > Since its release in Windows XP, Zip folders has not been actively developed. The reason is the usual: Because adding features requires engineering resources, and engineering resources are limited. Furthermore, since the compression and decompression code weren’t written by anybody from Microsoft, there is no expertise in the code base, which means that debugging and making changes is a very difficult undertaking. Hasn't Red Hat been bought by IBM? "PureOS on the Samsung Galaxy Notes 7" (Yeah, with an "s" too many in "Notes") hncynic 1 minute ago How about an OS like this? I don't know if there is a market for this kind of thing for the iPhone, either.. hncynic 1 minute ago Why do they need to do this? They don't seem to have the time to make this happen, but they seem to have a strong sense of humiliation. I think this kind of thing could go on for a long time, as it's already done. hncynic 1 minute ago It's just a matter of time before someone can go to Samsung on the Galaxy Notes. They are amazing devices with a great interfaces and usability. Samsung is still a huge company and it is great that they can get a foothold in the market that people don't understand. They deserve to be seen as the premier product manufacturer, though with no hope of actually doing much with it anyway. They're also not going to change their brand or look like the best product manufacturer to date. it seems you confused commercial with non free software. Java may be a commercial product, but it is also free software and the FSF and Debian are happy with that. They do not reject commercial software quite the contrary. That said, your point still stands. From the article: > We will continue to allow minified, concatenated, or otherwise machine-generated code as long as the source code is included. If I understand correctly, Wasm will be allowed as long as the original source code is provided. This looks like etherpad https://etherpad.org/ Not plain text only but probably can be configured for that. No syntax highlighting. It's not, in my opinion. And if the piece of software is simple and dumb, I don't really see why it should not be open source neither. A concrete argument for this: Qualcomm recently released a patch for a vulnerability that makes it possible to access private data stored in the TrustZone of many of its SoCs: https://www.nccgroup.trust/us/our-research/private-key-extra... The patch needs to be provided by phone and tablet manufacturers. Except that many otherwise capable phones are not supported anymore and will not be fixed. Were the firmware of these devices open source, the community could fix this (given that the firmware does not have to be signed, or a signing key can be added). But no, many devices will remain forever vulnerable. Including my phone, 4G RAM, 32G internal storage, excellent battery and screen, great computing capabilities, in a excellent physical shape. Will probably last a few years more. Last updated on November 2017 by its manufacturer. Some parts will never be updated again and there is no way to audit this stuff. This is a shame. Edit: and I'm lucky my phone resembles an Android One phone, so some stuff can be taken from this phone to update mine. Maybe this would incentive Apple into supporting these formats. For vp9, it seems to me there isn't any good excuse for not supporting it. Right, and anyway, when you get some software, you should be able to fix/improve it yourself if you want to and need to, and redistribute the fix to other people who might be interested. You also should be able to study the software provided to you before running it if you want to. Most people don't want to actually do that, but could anyway benefit from the inspection and fixes coming from third parties. And when I buy some piece of hardware, I expect the manufacturer to fully support the device, as you said, when used the way it was intended to, but let me use it another way if I want to (which the reliance on closed binary blobs does not allow). Moreover, it's time we consider it mandatory that the user has access to the code running on their device. People are not dumb. More and more, people want to know where their food come from and how it is produced. The same transparency should be obvious for what the computer do and how it is built. If some things theoretically require the user not to see the code, maybe these things should not exist in the first place. "Oh, here is a product! But for your own good, you do not get to know how it works and what it does or does not do behind your back." This does not follow. It’s not like Apple can’t bear this cost. VP9 has existed since 2012, Android has supported the format since version 4.4 released in 2013. AV1 was then unheard of. Surely they weren’t working on it then. VP9 is still interesting today since there are many devices out there that decode it and will never decode AV1 with hardware. I think the reason is not technical. Apple has patents for MPEG formats, I think they wanted to push these formats instead. By not supporting VP8/VP9, they force(d) everyone to support their formats. Now, if I want to make a video call with someone with an Apple device, I'll probably need, if I live in a place where software patents apply, to pay a license to decode/encode an MPEG format where the royalty-free VP9 would have done the job. Worse, I probably indirectly pay these fees (anyway) when I buy devices with support for MPEG formats, even if I live at some place were software patents don't apply. > The day JS stops making ’1’ + 2 a string and throw an error Please, no. I'm bitten by this in Python every other day, with its otherwise weak typing. It feels like you can do many horrible things with types in Python, but no, you shall explicitly cast those numbers to strings. It is being more pedantic than Java by doing this. This never caught a real error in my code but it did make it needlessly fail at runtime because I did not put "str()". I know that the newer Python 3.x versions provide a nice bash-like way to embed expressions in strings and would let me avoid the problem entirely, but this would prevent my code to run in many places (and "Hello, I'm {}".format(age) is painful, hence the new feature by the way). Thank you for trying to save my back from unwanted implicit type casts, but provide me with static typing instead if you want to do so, and fail at compile time. If you want '1' + 2 to fail in JavaScript (You might want to, especially when keys of objects are coerced to strings in Javascript, which is actually crappy, and when you are constantly fetching numbers as strings from the web page), use TypeScript. It's amazing and provides a far better way of handling silly type errors. edit: and by the way, C++ is a bit surprising in this respect. "Hello" + 2 is equal to... "llo". For paying attention: have you tried to take notes (even if you throw them away afterwards, but you might as well keep them)? It may force you to focus. It may not work at all. It cannot hurt to try? I am seeing this trend of asking or indicating one's preferred pronoun more and more. I find asking people how they would like to be referred to as a really positive thing and I fail to see any downside for this trend. And since this is optional, nobody is forced to answer the question. I use both black on white and white on black. Usually, I find the latter enjoyable in the evening / night, but occasionally a bit depressing / oppressing during the day in my text editor. I guess it's also weird to have a bright room and a dark screen. But not in the terminal, where a black background always feels better for some reason. So, why use a white background? Because it may feel better, and it may have nothing to do with paper. Also, an objective reason: with black background in your text editor, it can be painful to switch to windows with a white background. If you try to set everything black background, you run into bugs: broken webpages, mails that set a white background anyway (bonus if they don't set the text color, or nothing is set but some words are highlighted or colored), documents, PDFs. I know because I tried. With support for dark themes in CSS it will probably improve but we are not there yet and you pretty much are in an unsupported territory. The question also work in the opposite way: why use a dark background? Same answer: preference. For ecological reasons? It depends on the screen, and it should be measured especially if you compensate by setting the screen brightness higher. Wow yeah. It seems that they did a good job of raising obeying children but the writer does not mention whether they taught their children to question their society and to rebel. Which I feel is utterly important. Such a way to raise children does not seem to leave much room to flexibility and creativity. Children should learn to adapt in a moving and not completely defined environment anyway. Also, are they able to cope with someone who sees things as (unspoken) agreements instead of (strict) rules? And I feel if parents can pay for their children's studies, this is an opportunity to take. Life is easy when you can! At the beggining of your life it's difficult to get good money, so you struggle, but at the time your children goes to college, you may have a good income. So instead of paying your studies, you pay for your children's and they will do the same for theirs. Same amounts, a lot easier. Life is not meant to be hard (Granted it works best with fewer children). (Maybe it is not meant at all anyway but this is another question) Anyway, it seems the children are doing well so if it works for them, great (we only have the point of view of the father - why "I" and not "we" in the title by the way?) This made me smile. What could possibly go wrong with a money rewarding GHG emissions? When you think about it, if successful, Bitcoin will indeed achieve its goal of freeing us from central banks: no human being will be available to operate them. Very clever! I don't know. I hate DRMs and so far I've successfully managed to avoid using EME. But I recently said good things about Firefox to someone, and noticed one day that they switched to it from Edge. It felt like a small victory. This person uses Netflix and Spotify. If Firefox didn't support EME, they would not have ditched Spotify and Netflix. They would probably have gone back to Edge, or installed Chrome and used EME from there. EME would not exist in my ideal world but in this case I'm kind of happy EME works in Firefox. Using Firefox over Edge or Chrome is a net gain. Maybe this person will evolve and start to refuse DRMs and/or seek free software (one can dream), but this is not today. Firefox acts like an entry point to this world. If the entry point is too rough, it will not be taken. One thing at a time. EME is a lost battle, but the war is not over. I feel like things would be easier if Firefox could be embeded in another browser just like chromium can. Let Google cripple their browser for themselves, and Mozilla provide the good and strong de facto browser engine. No. If you open the browser console and type `window`, you see: ChromeWindow chrome://browser/content/browser.xul Visiting this link is funny by the way. Does this complicate having a standalone Gecko though? Surely browser authors could write their own UI and embed Gecko inside without touching XUL. I guess Google could still be interested in being the default engine in Firefox even with ads and tracking blocked, since it would slow down alternatives from spreading. I would be more comfortable in Mozilla not being founded by Google though. And then: - 10 reasons why AWS costs so much. #7 is mind-boggling. - AWS costs considered harmful I love the tone of the article. Excerpt: > Tip: Don’t serve the prompt to disable DNT on the guide that shows the users how to disable DNT as the conversion rate ends up being rather poor. However, 4 unwarranted mentions of Brave (with affiliated links) and a big link to download Brave at the top of the article? Hell no, please download Firefox instead! (just had to counter-balance this big advertisement on the HN front page). edit: also, the original title is "How to Design for the Web in 2019" I was just countering what I see as an obvious unwarranted advertisement for Brave. I think it is our duty to counter such advertisements here on HN. As for the problems I see with Brave, though that was not my point: - their business model, based on Basic Attention Tokens: "Basic Attention Token radically improves the efficiency of digital advertising by creating a new token that can be exchanged between publishers, advertisers, and users.". Well, I don't want to improve the efficiency of digital advertising. Even the name is telling. I do not want to sell my attention. - they are based on Chromium. I don't want this browser engine monopoly, controlled by Google. It's funny you should mention yourself here the affiliated Amazon link you put at the end of the article :-) I wrote "they are based on Chromium. I don't want this browser engine monopoly, controlled by Google." Why would I use a fork of Brave? edit: From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gab_(social_network) > Gab is an English-language social media website, launched publicly in 2017, known for its mainly far-right user base. The site has been described as "extremist friendly" or a "safe haven" for neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and the alt-right. The site allows its users to read and write multimedia messages of up to 3,000 characters, called "gabs". In financial filings, Gab stated that conservative, libertarian, nationalist and populist internet users were its target markets. > Gab promotes itself as a vehicle for "free speech", "individual liberty", and "the free flow of information online"; these claims of free speech have been criticized by scholars as "merely a shield behind which its alt-right users hide" and "an echo chamber for right-leaning content dissemination". Gab primarily attracts far-right and alt-right users who have been banned from other social networks. A majority of Gab's users are white, a majority are male, and a majority are conservative. Antisemitism is a prominent part of the site's content and the platform itself has engaged in antisemitic commentary. Well, not really interested (for context, Dissenter seems to be a browser built to integrate the Gab social network). Good points! Sorry if my comment felt a bit harsh. I am probably a bit overcautious in this thread. I hope they will pick Linux as the kernel and Plasma as the desktop environment in this full merger, and ls as the listing directory command. > Everything good about Chrome, without everything bad about Google. Except, of course, its use of the chromium engine, which is something I think we should fight against. So, basically, one of the biggest anti-features of Chrome from Google. Not to speak about Brave's business model, around basic attention tokens (my attention is not available, sorry). This is incompatible with privacy. Brave is an ad company! It may be in a nice phase where ads are opt in but it may not be like that forever. The obvious browser closest to Firefox including Tor is Tor browser, based on Firefox, provided by the Tor project itself. > being Eich’s new business venture doesn’t inspire any trust none what so ever. Why? I love these comments. See also https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18281465 (context: "I really wonder what's going to happen to Linux once Linus is gone") We maybe should build a list of these. Dystopic answers to HN's unattended writting prompts, or something. Don't, especially because it's Chromium and because it's from an ad company. You probably can block Javascript using uBlock Origin (for convenience) on supported mobile browsers. Interesting, I hadn't thought of Google acquiring Opera! I was in a bus and one website I needed to access was blocked on the bus Wi-Fi (maybe a technical issue). I opened a SOCKS tunnel to a server, ran the desktop version of Firefox on my phone (that I had installed in a Debian chroot) and set it to use this SOCKS tunnel. This should get fixed. Have you reported this on bugs.kde.org? People are very friendly there. I've encountered the terms soft brick and hard brick, maybe the first one would be somewhat clearer? "Fenix MVP will not replace Fennec" (MVP meaning "Minimum Viable Product"). https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/fenix/issues/662#issuecomm... I'm sure Fennec users will not be migrated to Fenix until extensions are supported. This would be a big fuck up and Mozilla is aware of this. Linked bugs about the user agent seem irrelevant to this issue. Everything will be okay. You can sleep on both ears. I am reading this differently: it seems likely that Fenix supports extension before Firefox 68 goes EOL, but they don't want to make any announcement yet (maybe, because they don't really know what is going to happen). I agree with you however. We don't have any guarantee at this point. Please, Mozilla: don't EOL Fennec before supporting extensions on Fenix. This would be a huge mistake. Extensions are useful beyond adblocking. Chrome not supporting extensions on mobile is not a good reason to consider that Fenix would be good enough without support of extensions. Chrome is not good enough. If Fenix is not ready early enough, please consider releasing a version 69 of Fennec and then later versions until Fenix supports extensions. What good would going back to Chrome do to you? I bet your work computer runs Windows then :-) Watch out: > $22 for lunch + 10% sales tax Displays $32.00 instead of $24.20 or something. Other issues: it does not support units on the right nor euros (€). Nice anyway :-) Sure, but 25 + 10% = 27.5 for: - Soulver, according to the screenshots (and the goal of this project seems to match Soulver's behavior), - the calculator on my phone, - KRunner, the launcher in KDE, and KCalc, its calculator - gcalc, the Gnome calculator - qalc, that shows "25 * (110 * percent) = 27,5". - The TI-106 solar calculator that I happen to have [1]. Thinking about it, we are probably talking about some kind of "+ %" operator, where x + y % = x + x × y / 100. Interestingly, 10% = 0 for the TI-106 (but 25*10% = 2.5). % alone does not seem to mean anything for it. This little calculator will probably outlive me. [1] http://www.datamath.org/BASIC/LCD_Modern/TI-106_2.htm > GPL is unethical No. You think that GPL is unethical. It does not make it unethical. After thorough reading, your blog post did not convince me and here is why: > Proponents argue that the GPL has a long-term goal of making more software free for all, by limiting short-term freedoms of some, for the sake of encouraging the propagation of the GPL via software, like a virus. That’s why it’s called a viral license. This is a faulty comparison [1]. You do choose to use a code under GPL and make your code under GPL as a result. You don't choose to catch a virus. See also [2]. > they are using a system they fundamentally disagree with, in order to promote and propagate a new system, and they are doing this from within the new system, which they would replace the old system with from without if they could. What is your suggestion? They live in our world by its rules. How do you want them to achieve their goal? Also, what is wrong with doing this? > So the authors of software have rights, a fact which proponents of the GPL agree with. But they argue that the users of software have rights which should, in an ideal system, trump those of software authors. > This is a clear contradiction. In an ideal legal system, either the software authors should have the absolute right of licensing their software as they see fit, or the software users should have the absolute right of accessing and modifying the software regardless of the software author’s wishes and intent. Sorry, I don't understand the contradiction here. > Experience shows that most people see nothing wrong with the current system: let authors distribute their work with whatever licenses they want, and let the market decide whether an author’s requirements are reasonable enough to cooperate with. Great. If "experience shows", you must have a reference, right? Anyway, this is an argumentum ad populum [3]. "[it] is a fallacious argument that concludes that a proposition must be true because many or most people believe it" [which does not make it right]. Also, I don't want to "let the market decide". I want good behavior to be enforced, not some hazardous process that might end up producing a good behavior. The "market" is not necessarily right. There is no guarantee here. But I agree this is personal opinion. Anyway: choosing to use GPL is indeed a way to participate in this free market, if such a thing exists, and "let it decide". > Practical philosophical systems agree with this. When someone creates a work, they have the absolute right to do what they want with it, as long as they themselves do not break the law, and as long as the existence of the thing itself doesn’t violate the law either. Oh, there we seem to agree. So authors of GPL software do not want to see their code used in proprietary software. > Thus, the heart of the GPL goes against common sense, experience, and the just liberty of creators over their creations. It goes against your common sense, not mine. Talk about common sense now. > But that actually brings up an interesting point: the GPL actually limits people’s freedom. This is the point of the GPL. To prevent people from reusing the code without forwarding freedom to users. If you make a code that is proprietary, you are the one who is "actually" limiting freedom of other people. One person's freedom ends where another person's freedom begins. Freedom is nothing like an absolute graal. If you are pissed off because you can't reuse some interesting GPL code in your proprietary software or your permissively licensed software, well, you are free to not use it. Nobody forces you to do it. You are also free to (re)consider setting your program under GPL. It is your choice, and one of the goals of the GPL too. Thing is: there is no absolute truth. Some people think that the right way to write free software is to use permissive licenses. Some, to use copyleft. Some people think they should be free to produce proprietary software. Some people think that proprietary software is unethical and have given many solid arguments for that. Common sense on this question is apparently non existent (yet?). [1] https://www.logicallyfallacious.com/tools/lp/Bo/LogicalFalla... > Tip: Comparisons of any kind almost always are flawed. Think carefully before you accept any kind of comparison as evidence. [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viral_license#Criticism_of_the... I'd love to see "An update on Google Assistant". So. It seems that without Javascript, regular documentation pages work, but there is a useless position:fixed progress bar at the top. https://beta.developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Docume... Search is broken: https://beta.developer.mozilla.org/en-US/search?q=DOMContent... The menu to navigate in the documentation works, and everything seems reachable from there. https://beta.developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Reference These links work okay on Netsurf. I'll report the useless progress bar when Javascript is disabled. Not so bad overall. Quite good, actually. OsmAnd does that :-) - works for people who block web fonts Coincidentally, as of this week, Plasma (KDE) adds a feature to see the QR code of a network "for easy sharing with others" - https://pointieststick.com/2019/07/21/kde-usability-producti... - https://phabricator.kde.org/D22457 Also, I really like KDE clipboard's manager feature that turns what you copied into a QR code, making it easy to pass data from the computer to a phone. KDE Connect goes further by allowing sharing the clipboard between a phone and a computer but: - at times, KDE connect is unavailable without tweaking because you are on a WiFi connection that does not allow communication between devices - you might not want to share the clipboard between the computer and the phone for privacy reasons - you may want to share something to somebody else's phone Yeah, hopefully Plasma Mobile, UBPorts, PureOS or some other project catches up before the proprietary parts of Android eats AOSP too much. Anyway, I'm looking forward this in any case. Some people sending plain text mails also wrap them manually. If my window is small (maybe because I am using a small screen), the text is painful to read. And a non manually wrapped plain text is not wrapped at all in some cases. By all means, send me plain text mails, it will be lighter for my self-hosted inbox, but don't wrap them manually. If you are going to abuse /this/ kind of `formatting`, however, you are making your mail harder to read for me. These are tags anyway, just not HTML tags. I'd prefer you use the real formatting that is correctly handled in most cases, but I will adapt. > There are two main types of emails on the internet: plaintext and HTML. The former is strongly preferred You will need to back this up because this is not what I observe. My email client takes care of my privacy and my security, and you can use it too if you are concerned, it's a cross platform maintained free software. It's okay. My problems with HTML emails is colors: if you want to use something like a night mode, you will see emails with hard coded white background and black texts, or worse, only black texts. You may be able to ignore colors but people will assume you can see them. Maybe an extension like dark background on light texts when using a browser for reading emails who do the trick, but I don't. I like big characters. I can be far from my screen to read, use a low brightness and never have tired eyes. I just checked on my phone some random opened web page: with my settings (which are far from the default - I raise the DPI setting and the font size so I have small UI elements but big texts), it displays 45 characters per line on portrait mode. Actually the font size is a bit too high, but I don't really care as far as most web pages are readable. I'm fine with scrolling the occasional big HTML table, and will change the settings if this becomes annoying. So, yes, sometimes, my screen displays less than 80 characters and is perfectly usable. And this fact is not really of my correspondent's business, whether they choose to manually wrap at 80 characters, 72 characters, 42 characters or some other arbitrary number of characters. Actually, nobody knows that apart from people who read this comment. I display text as I see fit (and this is totally an intended pun). This will wrap badly on many phones in portrait mode. The only hard wrapping that will probably not break anyone's workflow for sure is 1. No, abvr, RMS never wanted anyone to name the Linux kernel GNU/Linux. He wants people to call GNU/Linux a system composed of components from GNU and the Linux kernel. He considers the GNU part essential. He also wants that so people hear about GNU and free software, because, well, that's the whole point of his work. Whether it is a good strategy or whether you don't find it convenient is irrelevant. If you use any project, it is fair that their author expect due credit. I do say Linux instead of GNU/Linux, but it does not make it right. I do speak about Free software though. And I will certainly not argue against one of the author of GNU/Linux on how he wants people to name the project. You can give your opinion, but show some humility and respect. What you write as truths are in fact just your opinion, to which I happen to not agree with. Windows is not comparable to the Linux kernel, the Windows NT kernel is, and your system is full of GNU, whether you like it or not. Starting from the libc, the bootloader and many other important component. Nobody argues about how which or which part of your system is essential or not. Everything is useful and needed. That is just not the point. And Linus is not above RMS, and RMS is not above Linus. No authority is involved. I did not know that, and I did not know r/copypasta. This is from October 2017 or earlier. I have been successfully trolled. Thanks for the heads up. https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/7lt7i0/no_richar... https://pastebin.com/hjagCZpK You should not rely on No-Name vulnerabilities. Their reliability is unknown. Only rely on recognized, well-known, properly branded vulnerabilities like Spectre, Meltdown, Shellshock and Heartbleed. No. As far as I know, there are always proprietary blobs. That said, he Fair Phone 2 officially supports degooglized Android Pie (Lineage). From an environmental perspective, it makes sense to keep your current phone as long as possible. I'd love to get rid of this thing full of proprietary stuff though. I upvoted you, there is nothing wrong in asking. "Hey Siri, can you stop Apple from listening to my Siri recordings?" "Hey Siri!… Siri?!" P.S. If someone out there has an Apple device, I'm interested in knowing what the actual response to this request is. Thanks! Alternative way to access the content: 1) curl -s http://c2.com/wiki/remodel/pages/WhatIsNull | jq -r .text or: 2) Go to http://c2.com/wiki/remodel/pages/WhatIsNull In the web console : document.body.textContent = JSON.parse(document.body.textContent).text document.body.style.whiteSpace = "pre-wrap" --- I hope one day we will have some kind of standardized markup language that allows presenting text in a browser in a plug and play way… text/plain for the most basic stuff would do, and we could add some kind of tags to have stuff like italic / bold parts and titles, and links, too. This reminds me of a comment from StavrosK 4 months ago: "I will never stoop so low as to telegraph my own joke." https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19508172 (funny discussion by the way - that was when Cisco "fixed" a vulnerability by blocking curl's user agent). The second looks like an option type (and the first, a nullable type), are these the names you are after? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Option_type You mean you want to run arbitrary code on a user's computer behind their back? Sounds terrible. Forming the committee does not need script validation. What browser would go to great lengths to implement such a sandbox to run a code which the user does not care about and for which they have no use anyway? People put "no ads" signs on their mail boxes. Do you really think they'd see such a thing as a feature ? Crazy stuff, no browser on their right mind would shoot themselves such a bullet in the foot. People would immediately turn to the competition, should such a thing happen. What next? Document viewers weighting several megabytes? Containing a full-fledged garbage collector ? I'd say let's keep things simple. People like simplicity, and stuff that works and that does not freeze or crash every other hour. Android is far ahead… as long as you only use AOSP or Lineage, avoid Google Apps and install apps from F-Droid and not from the Play Store. This is totally sane. I don't ever want my browser to contact Facebook and Twitter when I'm visiting unrelated websites. This was bullshit from day one. Please do continue! edit: I hope that this will also hold for Google with reCAPTCHA and Analytics. I'd bet it falls under fair use: https://www.inta.org/TrademarkBasics/FactSheets/Pages/Fair-U... By the way, this website does exactly that. Sure. The Android people are talking about exists so Google can control everyone's life. I would not trust it to protect my privacy. Well, I hope that at least some websites will opt for using an image they host themselves instead of adding this formality. This has to hurt user experience, no? On the other hand, I guess this is only one more checkbox to tick among the checkboxes we already have to tick. I've experienced that in the past, without using tor, but using Firefox. I go to great lengths to block anything Google. Google Fonts, Google CDNs (and I now use Decentraleyes so CDNs are mostly not even reached). I have to explicitly unblock reCAPTCHA scripts for it to even work - or use a clean and disposable browser profile. I've occasionally seen the behavior on the video when I really need to access the page (though usually I just complain to the webmaster). I once had to request a new password for my online bank account. I ended up asking the bank manager to reset my password, pretending that reCAPTCHA is preventing me from resetting the password myself. My bank is not paying me for solving captchas for Google's benefit (this is so screwed up…). The biggest offender is CloudFlare for me. It's between 500 (excl.) and 600 (incl.) as of last week. I saw the down arrows appear.