How big a scene is Vancouver for HN-type people? I'm thinking of basing my next startup either there or in Seattle, and presence of HN readers would be a positive factor for either. What area of town would be best for a 1-5 person startup office? I'm sort of torn between actual office space and just getting a really nice house or loft for live/work combo for the team. The only way they can do this (legally) without presenting a warrant involves a "National Security Letter", but even those need to go up before a secret court. Another win for redundancy in your hosting! Especially across jurisdictional boundaries. Hopefully the affected customers and service provider will be able to recover damages from business continuity insurance. (Shooting it out with federal agents who have arrived to perform and illegal search/seizure is a bad idea...) I think everyone (except maybe self-interested immigration lawyers) thinks the current system in the US is broken. I think there are two extremes, and the US is inconsistently taking pieces of each. In the United Arab Emirates (UAE, which contains Dubai, ...), there is a fairly open work visa policy for anyone with either enough capital ($50-100k) to set up his own business, or with a job offer paying at least $1-2k/mo for white collar positions (there is also the borderline-slavery $100-500/mo construction industry, but I think that is basically a separate issue). There is no pretense, outside banking and government, that local nationals need to be given first shot at a job. Then, you have countries with citizenship or permanent residency-track-only immigration programs. (I think Canada's program is like this, and some other commonwealth nations.) You don't NEED to become a PR or citizen if you qualify, but almost all work visas qualify toward the PR/C process. The main downside of the UAE system is that skilled people feel very little long-term attachment to the place. e.g. there are non-resident indian families who have lived for generations in UAE, but who are not permanent residents, although they control important businesses. The US has a weird hybrid system, where most green cards, allocated by country and with preference toward reuniting families, go to people who have external reasons to want to stay in the US permanently (family, where they came from was worse, etc), and are generally economically non-productive. We give temporary L1/H1B/etc. visas to the economically productive, disincenting them to stay long term. Basically, the US system is backward -- we should be trying to keep the people who are economically valuable, as they bring net value into the economy, and would allow us to increase the number of immigrants. We should have liberal short and medium term visit visas, etc. for family and tourist and other non-productive immigrants. This looks pretty good -- I'm not sure what kind of event I'd want in 5 years to exit from a bootstrapped company, but having more options is always great. The cynic in me thinks that Obama recognizes startups and small businesses will be the only bright points in the economy, so he wants to do something to make it appear he helped them, or possibly even was the primary reason for their success, by the time 2012 rolls around. However, wanting to be on the winning team isn't a bad thing in public policy. The actual tax code defines "PSC" professional services corporations as described in the above summary, so I assume the implementation of this policy will just exempt PSCs by name. I've been in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2003. There are a lot of issues with the way aid is distributed. The most successful parts of both places, the wireless networks and decentralized power systems, have been totally market driven, and actually hindered more by centralized efforts and regulation than helped. Somalia, where it is too dangerous and chaotic for aid agencies or telco regulators to operate, has cheaper Internet access and mobile calling than almost anywhere else in Africa or the developing world! Communications infrastructure (roads, signals/fiber/wireless, electrical grid) is one of the few areas where scale can be helpful. In Afghanistan there is a lot of money coming through the military to pay for a road network (with benefits to both the foreign militaries and the local economy; dual use technology at its best). Communications is basically wireless backed by satcom, with some microwave backbone and upcoming fiber, with microwave/fiber driven by military and government customers paying top dollar, then going out to connect up the cell systems. For $20/mo you can buy 3G service. One of the biggest issues in Afghanistan is that aside from the US Military, the other US funding agencies (primary US AID) have to operate through local contractors, and a rather inefficient process which leads to overpaying for everything, and thus not accomplishing enough concentrated change to be successful. The "Provincial Reconstruction Teams" are afraid to go out except with a huge military presence, and are pretty sheltered from everything, whereas I was riding around in an old pickup truck with a 9mm and no problems. Irrigation systems are probably the next thing to do after roads (the military has roads under control); these can be done for $5-12k each by local labor, and 20-30 systems per district, all in parallel -- or, you can pay $500k via US AID and get 1-2 systems done after 2 years. The US AID requirement to use local contractors is "trickle down economics" -- basically the hope is that paying an Afghan with political connections $500k to do work will lead to $500k staying in the local economy, paid in wages to other Afghan laborers, etc. It turns out it turns into the connected Afghan spending the same $5-10k to get the project done, and then buying $490k in real estate in Dubai or Canada. Government and government contracting is the opposite of the startup world in every way. Very few people seem to have done both. I'm much more excited by cheaper rents for residential real estate, or commercial to residential conversion. For an under 20 person startup, a suburban house is actually a pretty ideal office; the only potential problem is neighbors complaining about parking and high foot traffic. In low budget mode, most of the founders live AND work in the same house, but even later, using the house as an office with crash space, while founders live in other houses, works well. Plus, rentals on high-end houses are way under mortgage costs, and cheaper per square foot than commercial real estate. Most of the features people want in a great startup office (private workspaces and larger rooms, great kitchens and bathrooms, rest areas) are present in a house much more than an office. For a zero-stage startup, you have to sleep somewhere anyway, so pooling your housing costs and living together makes sense. And eliminating the commute is a big win. Las Vegas, with the large supply of high-end houses, 24x7 things to do, and NV's favorable state tax law, might be a great place for a startup. FIOS or metro fiber would be a big plus (or some kind of fixed wireless). The only way I'd take commercial real estate early on is if the business requires a lot of big dumb company client contacts, or if a commercial landlord were willing to take a convertible note or something as payment. I've seen a few angel investors who threw in use of a vacation home as office, too, which works great. There is a lot government can do to help, mainly by doing less: 1) Reverting bankruptcy laws to pre-2005 2) Health care availability for individuals (if I knew the perfect solution to US health care I'd be doing that as a startup, but some decoupling of employment and health care is key I think southern WA (Vancouver WA, etc.) is the best place to do a startup right now. There's a large population of highly qualified tech people in Portland, OR, but nowhere near enough local employment. Commuting from Portland to Vancouver is feasible, or people could live in WA and also get the income tax benefits, while having Portland's cultural advantages. Southern WA is also very inexpensive relative to the Seattle area, and the local counties are pro business. The only time Adblock Plus blocked something I wanted to see is when I was working for an advertising company and testing ads -- wondering why I didn't see any of them. Heh. I think an easier way to do this is for a forward-thinking hosting provider, colo, etc. in the bay area to offer discounted or free hosting to YC companies (free during the YC period, maybe not after); a few months of free hosting to have a shot at a successful site as customer would be more than worth it. (alternatively, convertible debt) Piggybacking on YC's selection process seems like a good business model in general. The way I've been doing something similar is to take deployed defense contracts which last 3-9 months at a time (Iraq, Afghanistan, etc.), and make enough during that period to live for the rest of the year (and a couple additional years). I've also been working on startup projects in my spare time, since I have good Internet connectivity while doing the day job. The "non-deployed" time can be spent traveling, or working full-time on any of the startup projects which have traction -- with the added benefit that I can provide my own financing up to a series A. Somehow I get more done on projects in early stages when they're "side projects", and this way I don't have to worry about my burn rate during early stages (since it's substantially negative). There are tax benefits ($91k/yr deduction) for being outside the USA 330 days/yr, so once you've done 200-250 days deployed as a contractor in a year, it makes sense to spend the balance outside the US as a tourist -- at a high marginal tax rate that's basically $30k, and I can live comfortably in Vancouver, Bali, New Zealand, Japan, etc. for a few months on way less than that. The #1 thing I've learned is to totally automate my "administrative life" -- I use a mail-scanning mail forwarder, autopay on all my bills, etc. When you travel a lot, it's easy to miss a credit card bill, and it can be a black mark on your credit for 7 years. The other nice thing is most of these contracts are "go home at night and not worry about it", vs. normal consulting where you can be called back at any time to fix something. And, the separation between dayjob and any personal projects is a lot easier in an admin/ops contract than in a developer dayjob. I think it would be even more fun to get a big farm/orchard/ranch with an old farmhouse, sheds, etc., and then bring in high speed fiber, cheap/sustainable utilities, and then put a bunch of 200-1200 square foot cabins in the less-productive, more-scenic parts of the property. Walkable community, private housing, cheap, and then big common areas for workspaces. GSM would allow it to be used in markets without EVDO, although Amazon would need to figure out some kind of roaming agreement, flatrate data pricing, etc. I use my Kindles (K1 and DX, I've seen other people with K2...I'll probably buy one myself for completeness) here in Afghanistan, and am probably going to set up a semi-pirate 1xRTT network, as USB gets old fast. The K1 only does EVDO (for which BTS gear is expensive), but the K2/DX do 1xRTT, so you can hack firmware on some of the consumer femtocells to remove GPS checks or spoof GPS. It's the "foreign earned income exclusion", and it's only the first $91k exempted from US tax (plus a housing allowance, with some restrictions). To get it, you need a "bona fide foreign residence" or 330 days/yr out of the US. I'm actually going to spend the last few months of 2009 on vacation, using the savings in taxes to pay for it, since I'll be out 9-10 months in 2009 just for work. The first 91k is basically 18k in taxes at current rates. They unfortunately changed it from LAST 91k (i.e. the income at your highest marginal rate, easily 33% or 35%) in 2006, at the same time as making it inflation adjusted). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_earned_income_exclusion I've been a customer of the technology company behind this for a year ("Earth Class Mail"), and love their service -- scanning postal email is the equivalent for me of google voice transcribing voicemails. I have used mail forwarders for about 12 years now -- starting when I was in the caribbean to do electronic cash development and it took ~6 weeks for mail to get to me, then when I lived on a tiny artificial island off the coast of the UK (Sealand/HavenCo), then with the military at APO/FPO around the world, and other remote sites. Just forwarding mail adds one level of indirection, which is nice, but being able to scan/email or scan/portal the mail is the killer app -- often forwarding is high cost, high latency, and 90% of mail doesn't need to be forwarded, or if viewed first, can be forwarded with much less time sensitivity. Plus, there are a lot of vendors who ship none (or only some) of their products to APO/FPO/overseas, so being able to reship packages is great. (there's also the whole cover order issue; basically traffic analysis for mail, without a warrant. Using multiple jurisdictions for this kind of thing might help, but it is irrelevant to many users) Postal remailers are also great in that they let tiny startups have 24x7 mail coverage, let you appear to be local to a given market, etc. The combination of postal remailers and something like google voice is great for a distributed, small enterprise. Setting up your own reseller through opensrs. Go, but don't use the wifi, or swim in the pools unless you've had ALL your shots. Just auctioning off green cards to people who meet basic requirements (background checks, English fluency) seems to be the fairest way to allocate a scarce resource. I'm not sure if residency (or even citizenship) is naturally or artificially scarce; I don't think rich retirees, or smart entrepreneurs, lower the quality of life for existing citizens, but an argument could possibly be made that lower skill employees might increase supply and thus depress wages for certain categories of labor (especially positions with an inelastic demand). I would certainly prefer 100k immigration slots going to 100k predominantly indian and chinese engineers than 10k indian engineers, 10k chinese engineers, and 80k family members of existing immigrants from around the world of varying education, skill, and wealth. I dropped out of MIT due to money -- I'd received no financial aid and no other assistance, and couldn't get loans (since I was under 18); I tried working and consulting to pay, but ended up about $50k behind in "late tuition payments". I had turned down full honors scholarships to other schools, mainly because I really wanted to go to MIT. Luckily this was 1998 and I left to go start a crypto ecash startup in the Caribbean, first of several startups. I think 1 semester in a top school, then dropping out to do startups, might be a better education than enduring 4 years without really doing anything special. That said, I wish I had been able to complete a degree; I am 30 now and sometimes think about ether going back full-time to MIT, or doing a UK MBA, or taking classes at another school and then either finishing there or returning to MIT. In retrospect, ROTC might have been the best option, but there were a few specific reasons I didn't do it at the time. Actually, there are LOTS of classes and tests on what constitutes the law of land warfare, competent authority, etc. in the military -- way better than anything at MIT or Harvard that I encountered. Yes, these are simplified for junior enlisted personnel ("do this, don't do that", vs. why), but for officers and NCOs it probably goes far beyond what anyone in civilian government, outside the judiciary, thinks about. Having been in multiple combat zones, I think the US military errs too much on the side of legalism. I actually think the US Government, and especially the military, is the wrong tool for counter-insurgency -- there are a lot of people who just need to disappear, or die colorfully, and it would be better if doing so didn't hurt the image of the US. (I say this as a libertarian atheist...) Most of the "rah rah usa usa!" people are not in the military. I use an Aeron; I actually found this one for free, but in the past I've bought used for $250-350. I did actually buy a new aeron once, and then had it air-freighted for $300...and it was entirely worthwhile, sitting in it 15h/day, 7 days a week, for a year or two, and then selling it for the price I paid. (relatively inexpensive) capital goods like chairs, good IPS LCD panels (3 x 24, or 1 x 30), laptops, etc. I'm quite comfortable spending money on, as long as I need them, and get a great price -- it's really only consumables and recurring costs I try to minimize whenever possible. And even there, I am more than 5-10x as good at bringing in revenue when I have $5-25 meals vs. ramen or beans, so false economy is false. I hate dial-in meetings (even a single dial-in can ruin a meeting, unless he is totally ignored). I hate almost all video conferences. I also hate unnecessary travel. (I've been stuck doing 4 voice conferences/week with people on very bad DSN phones on multiple continents, using substandard audio bridges, and with inconsistent use of "mute" -- 50% of the time is wasted on introductions of who is speaking, "oh, can you repeat that", etc.) The least-bad meetings I've found are on IRC -- especially if there is technical content to be discussed. I would make "is comfortable having meetings on IRC or one on one discussions in IM" a firm requirement for anyone in a startup. I think a bunch of "social" meetings, dinners, etc., combined with "real meetings" on IRC where remote people can participate as first-class attendees, is the best. Wave actually looks like it might be even better than IRC. Chile seems like a great place to live while working on a foreign startup (located in another, zero-tax jurisdiction). As a non-citizen tourist in the country, you'd pay no income tax locally. I'd far prefer to live in Chile than the zero-tax places (UAE, Panama, etc.) Of course, a totally virtualized business could be run from basically anywhere on the same terms. Find someone in SF looking for a roommate? (I just moved back to SOMA from Afghanistan and am moving into a huge commercial space live/work with someone and one empty spot, starting in January) The normal way to solve this in government and big dumb companies (which issue RFPs) is to have one domain-specific expert firm awarded an RFP management contract, recusing itself from the actual implementation contract, which then specifies what will be in the RFP. Judging the proposals is a combination of the client and process-management contractor, and in some, the management contract manages the ongoing relationship with the contractor as well. It's inefficient for best case (you have 2 contracts instead of one), but solves a lot of worst-case problems (bribery or incompetence leading to a rigged bidding process, companies awarding themselves contracts, or buying a perfect but wrong thing). I'm not sure of the background of the author, but RFPs are standard in a lot of domains. I'd join the military, as long as you have non-financial reasons to do so. Then, you have a bunch of options -- get out after your contract, go reserves/ng, or retire after 20 and have a second career. I'd rather see more efforts to bring women into the top of the startup funnel, vs. singling them out later on if they become successful. There is some value in having good examples of successful women in entrepreneurship in convincing more women that they should consider it, but I think "this person in my graduate department launched a startup" is probably more significant (regardless of gender) than "a famous woman startup founder and CEO exits, although I've never met her". women 2.0 actually does a pretty good job with other programs to try to bring qualified women into the startup world (partnership with Founder Institute, various meetups, etc.). I think the most valuable thing would be attracting more women into college entrepreneurship clubs, entrepreneurial classes in undergraduate and MBA programs, and in non-startups, encouraging them to take responsibility to project/product management on products which may become spinouts or startups. Launch one of 3 projects as an actual startup, quit dayjob. 1) infrastructure/platform related to security 2) hardware device with social network features 3) consumer-focused webapp in data aggregation/presentation I've spent the last couple months since getting back from Afghanistan working on all 3 at early stages, finding potential cofounders, clients, funding, etc., and am pretty much at the decision point. Should be going full-time with one of them in January (I need to hit a vesting cliff of 12-31-2009 before doing so, counting down the hours...) I would really like it, especially if it defaulted to "off", and you could set certain account age, karma, or karma-per-last-timeperiod thresholds for people to contact you. Even if messages just got forwarded on to email vs. a mailbox on the site. Being a low cost producer is a great survival strategy, even for a new entrant. Walmart, Amazon, and PC vs. Minicomputer are good examples. You can either use your cost advantage to undercut prices profitably, or use your large margins to outspend on R&D, marketing, etc. Selling at low prices given the same cost structure is not a good survival strategy. "We lose money on every unit but we'll make it up on volume!" I guess I'm alone in hoping for a Nehalem-based Macbook Pro revision (I really want a 17" WUXGA MBP with an i7 CPU to replace a MBP 3,1 15") Ronald Coase (one of the top 10 economists ever) has a paper about this: firm size is related to factors including communication complexity. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nature_of_the_Firm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Coase There are big problems I'd like to solve (cheap space launch optimized for LEO satellite constellations, nuclear power), but since firm size for those problems right now is high, I'd rather work on less-interesting problems which can be more readily addressed by startups, at least until technology advances to let 1) $200k is pretty weak, even for today (it's gone downhill overall). If you can get a secret (basically, us citizen and not a felon), and have decent tech skills, you should be at $200-350k. 2) It's not tax free. The FIRST ~$85k is tax-exempt, which saves you about 18k. You then pay taxes at the normal 27-36% rates above that. My win s that I don't have an apartment back in the US, so my only expenses while here are car payment, storage, and server colo. 3) Big difference in quality of life throughout the country -- if you're on base at Balad or Victory it's basically like living in a small town in the US. If you're out in a Bn or smaller unit on an iraqi army base, or out in the city, it's a lot different. I've done a variety. 4) If you've never been in the military or had contact with it, I'd do it for a year just for the experience -- it's actually something I think everyone should do for a couple years. The biggest downsides for me: 1) I gained about 20 pounds last year in Afghanistan living on Bagram, due to the shitty but high-calorie carb-laden food. 2) Generally, working for government is the anti-startup. You are specifically instructed not to take any initiative, everything is more concerned about process than results, etc. Actual combat is different, but there is no real combat in Iraq or Kuwait now, and in Afghanistan it is unlikely a contractor involved in direct combat support would be posting like this on hackernews. (If I could get a job where I got to put bullets into bad guys 12-24h/day, I'd do it for $20k/yr, but aside from joining a government agency or the military, it would be difficult to find a contractor in 2010 who does this ... blackwater/triple canopy/etc. etc back in 2003-2005 were about the only ones) 3) There is no firm end date. I did this for 6 months just to see what it would be like, and have wasted about 4 of the past 5 years in the sandbox. I'm planning to leave in a few months to work on a startup of my own in the USA again (maybe YC 2010 Summer!), using some of my experiences from here, but it's totally possible to keep doing this indefinitely. 4) The war is definitely winding down, so pay, upward mobility, etc. continue to decrease 5) People in the defense industry are NOT like startup people -- there are huge amounts of fraud, backstabbing, incompetence, etc. Startup deals for $50m can be done on a handshake; here you need lawyers, contracts, audits, etc. or you will get fucked. Heh, that article was written about me by my friend Jon! It's not really very realistic for 2010 working for a big contractor, in 2005 things were in flux and I ran my own tiny company. Also, people here do not realize: An IT contractor (presumably for ITT, at that low salary) is working at a helpdesk on a big base. The contact with locals is almost zero. You'll encounter a lot of interesting third country nationals (filipinos, indians, etc.) working on base, but that's about it. Mainly, you will be dealing with other Americans (military or contractor. It's basically the most boring helpdesk job possible in a boring environment. The "contact with local culture" is "local vendor sets up a shop on base selling overpriced carpets and camel figurines". If you just want contact with an exotic culture, go backpacking in India/Nepal/Indonesia/etc. The only reason for defense contracting in 2010 is money, and "seeing what the military is like up close" (I thought it was much more homogenous and omnipotent than it turned out to be. I'm not sure if I like it more or less now) On security in 2010: 1) Afghanistan can still be dangerous. The risk for a trigger puller/door kicker is very high, but for an IT contractor it's about the same as riding a motorcycle 50-100mi/day in Seattle. 2) Iraq is actually safer (on base, for IT contractors) than living in a lot of big but not especially nice cities. The biggest risk is honestly chronic health conditions (like a heart attack) or people having emotional/relationship/etc. issues and self-inflicted injury. 3) Kuwait is INSANE. Specifically, driving off-base is insane. I drive about 2-3h/day between US bases, and see one obviously-fatal motor vehicle accident on the highways every day. The only time in my life I've ever done CPR and treated arterial bleeding (I'm an IT guy, not a doctor!) was responding to a Kuwaiti on Kuwaiti vehicle accident a couple years ago. I'd say the risk is about the same as riding 50-100 miles/day on a motorcycle, drunk, in a not-especially-motorcycle-friendly city. 4) Qatar is like Kuwait only safer. 5) Bahrain is safer than Kuwait and fun, except on Thursday/Friday when lots of drunk Saudi weekend guys show up, turning it into Kuwait-level danger. There are lots of reasons to do or not do this, but safety is basically not an issue (except if you're driving between bases in Kuwait, which people don't really do) check out the big defense contractors: ITT General Dynamics Dyncorp KBR/Halliburton L-3 General Atomics CACI Basically, if you want to be doing something decent, make sure you can get at least secret (not a felon, a US citizen), be vaguely professional and competent (certs are a plus, like CISA/CISSP/CCDP), and familiar with the technologies they want (it's a big crappy AD/MS network, but there's also a lot of IP stuff). There is a pretty wide gap between the actual bad guys who must be killed (Al Qaeda, other transnational terrorist groups, and the hard core of the insurgencies in many countries..the people who go around blowing up schools, chopping off hands of those who vote, etc.), and the majority of the enemy (who are purely mercenary foot soldiers, or common/pretty criminals, or some kind of tribal/ethnic group). The ideal outcome is to separate the really bad guys and let tier-1 US units go after them (kill or capture; with kill being the most common outcome), while using politics and economics to reduce the number of the second category, convert them into either peaceful civilians or members of the security establishment in the country, etc. Saddam, Uday, Qusay, and the other leaders: kill or capture Top-level baathists: prosecute using local courts Iraqi soldiers, local tribal militias, etc.: Bring them into the IP/IA/etc. That's been the (successful) strategy since ~2006. (I was actually AGAINST the Iraq war, because it was a distraction from going after Al Qaeda globally) There's also preference for small businesses, service related disability, veteran, etc. on certain contracts. I'd like to see female and minority preference phased out over time (which it is) due to their success in the overall marketplace, but at present I can see some benefit to keeping preference. The biggest problem I have with defense contracting is that the people in the contracting office often are not subject matter experts in what they buy. This is less true with vehicles, pencils, etc. It is particularly true with IT. I'm not very familiar with the huge weapons systems purchases -- those are probably subject to a lot of other factors since there are only a few firms who can compete. Part of this is due to the general government skills shortage in IT, but more that the top IT people tend to remain in operational roles, vs. going over to contracting. The problems happen at the requirements phase -- government asking for very specific terms which exclude functional products, e.g. specifying file formats, number and type of hardware, etc. Sometimes this is for integration with existing government equipment, but more often it is because whoever specified the contract doesn't understand the set of possible solutions. In a lot of cases, too, a 95% solution that is COTS (and thus has less schedule risk, lower cost, etc.) is superior to a 100% solution which has to be custom built. They HAVE gotten a lot better at this in the 1990s and 2000s. Part of the problem is an essentially limitless budget. I actually wonder the same thing sometimes -- I'm 30, went to MIT from age 16-18 but dropped out due to lack of money, went to found a few startups, and am now doing defense contracting (for another few months). When I get back, I am trying to decide what to do -- mainly a startup full time, or a startup/consulting part time plus going back to school (presumably either MIT or UW, maybe Stanford). I'd probably do aero engineering at UW, or nuke or biomed or mech eng at MIT, and then would do a startup in those fields. The main benefits I see for a degree at 30, when one is already pretty well established in the work force, are access to grad school, and foreign visa apps. While I could certainly learn useful CS in an academic program at this point, I think I'm able to learn on my own about as efficiently by now -- however, that's less true for a new field. From a purely financial standpoint it is probably a bad idea; 2-4 years of lost earnings, plus direct costs. At 18, I would almost definitely do college (actually, I'd probably take 1-2 years off and THEN do school, and try to do a program which had a lot of coop/work experience). If nothing else, avoiding going into the job market for 2010-2014 is worth it. I drive even when I live in San Francisco. A (nice) car costs about $1k/mo to keep in SF (parking, registration, insurance, payment) before the first mile driven, but it is how I would spend my marginal $1k at $5k/mo. 1) I need 24x7 access to datacenters, some of which are in super sketchy parts of town (200 Paul, in HP) or are in the South Bay. A taxi might be an option, but a couple $200 taxi rides per month, plus an hour of waiting, would be a real pain. 2) I enjoy going on long trips, by land, with minimal planning. Rental cars are more cost effective with depreciation, but I like having a familiar car, very well maintained, and keeping my firearms/EMT kit/etc. pre-positioned in the vehicle. I'd consider flying, but my circle of equal pain makes driving to LA a 100%, and driving to vegas kind of borderline. I drive to Portland or Seattle even. Avoiding the hassle of the airport, more cargo capacity, and having a familiar vehicle on the other end, all add up. 3) Shooting sports. Going to a shooting range with a long-arm on public transit is a no-go :) Also, try taking 50 pounds of ammo on the bus. 4) Grocery shopping and other routine chores -- zipcar could accomplish a lot of this (and I have zipcared a pickup truck a few times, although their maintenance leaves a lot to be desired) 5) I love cars and driving, although not so much in SF itself. Parking in SF largely makes driving in SF unpleasant. 6) I enjoy having more stuff with me than I can comfortably carry, and the car serves as a portable locker. Having a spare laptop battery, paper, cases of bottled water, etc. a quick trip to the car away is nice. Plus, while it's slightly paranoid, having a vehicle with emergency supplies nearby, and a means of travel, radio, power source, etc. is reassuring -- if there were an earthquake or other disaster, there's a limit to what survival supplies I might have on my person, but my car is good for 96h. If I were commuting between SFO and SEA a lot, I'd probably buy a second car and keep one on each end, just to avoid needing public transit. (and someday I'd go for a plane!) None of this would be solved by a plush seat (like 1st class) or lack of crazy people and urine smell (like cabs vs. muni). I am probably an outlier in the combination of these, but not on each individual point. I do try to avoid needing a long daily commute, either through wfh or living near the office, so I can keep the car parked and walk to/from the office. Still, I'd prefer a 10 minute drive to a 60-90 minute muni/bart/caltrain adventure to get to/from the office! I met some of the Willow Garage people at SHDH a couple months ago -- they are pretty awesome, even compared to startups. I remember they were looking for a great python developer at the time. I love seeing the hardware part of robotics abstracted away so people who are better at software can build on top of that, sharing code, rather than everyone making their own hardware platform THEN software. I also dropped out of high school (and never bothered to get a GED; I went to college for a while and then dropped out to do a startup, so I've ended up with neither diploma). It's kind of fun being able to put "high school dropout" on forms, while not being a deadbeat. I was 16. MIT doesn't really care about high school diplomas. I'd already done 1580/1600 SAT and had a grad student and associate prof at MIT write letters of recommendation based on performance in a summer program (social engineering...) My current favorite for "productive work machines" vs. games/movies is 3 portrait-mode 1200x1920 monitors. These need to be thin-bezel, and IPS panel, so they have decent vertical (now horizontal) viewing angles -- Dell U2410 work great. I could deal with higher resolution, but that physical angle works great at arms length, keeping everything in the mostly-focus area. I usually keep a laptop off to the side for non-work communications tasks, out of my direct view, and ideally have another screen or two some distance away for alerts/uptime/etc. or external news. I still use a single 30" Dell when I am using a laptop which can only drive one monitor, and a single 1920x1200 dispay (or even a 1080p display, like a 55" LCD) when the primary output is video/gaming. I did FI Bay Area Winter 2009 (but dropped out midway through because I had to go to the middle east for dayjob, and couldn't quit dayjob without seriously screwing over a coworker). I may do FI again (they let you go on to the next session if you drop out), and I would definitely suggest FI to anyone looking for that kind of program. Adeo is great, and many of the mentors are awesome. As a direct comparison for launching a product, YC is better than FI because it's full-time vs. part time, but FI is great. However, getting into FI and going along for 2 months might make it more attractive to stay, having invested those 2 months. FI is also a little more about the business, YC is more about the product -- FI would actually be even better as a follow-on to a YC semester. I would probably go ahead and do FI as a learning experience, then evaluate when YC responds to you whether you should drop out or not. (answer would probably be yes, but this is the first semester for FI Paris and it might be amazing) If you wanted to actually relocate to the bay area, YC or FI Bay Area would probably be more valuable than FI Paris, since the mentors/angels in the Paris program are probably going to be European. That would be my biggest factor in deciding. I did the Bay Area Winter 2009 program (although I dropped out halfway through for dayjob emergency; I may go back for Summer 2010). FI is great for several reasons: 1) It focuses more on developing entrepreneurs, vs. necessarily companies. The requirement that you incorporate to graduate is kind of at odds with this, but definitely the curriculum for the first half of the program is compatible with coming up with an idea and launching it within the program. 2) It's compatible with having a day job during the program -- if you have good time management skills, you can keep the day job while attending FI, launching your company, and thus not have to worry about funding. This is a major differentiator vs. YC. 3) Some of the mentors (IMO Aaron Patzer, Jon Betts-Croix, Ram from A9, and some others) were fucking AMAZING. It's worth $600 just to see their sessions. 4) You have some chance of meeting great cofounders in the program -- I actually met a few people I'd be happy to work with, and have gone down the road to doing a startup with someone from the program. For the ideal training to do a startup (other than JFDI), I'd do an entrepreneurship program in undergrad (e.g. MIT E-Club, 100k contest), then something like YC to build a product, and Founder Institute to learn about the nuts and bolts of running a company, possibly interspersed with time spent working at either startups or funded former-startups. This isn't a great opportunity: 1) There are tools to let you stream to airport extremes, e.g. Airfoil. 2) Competing on price is fail. Competing on a fundamental COST differential is sometimes win, assuming the incumbents aren't willing to lower prices to force you out. There is a difference. You surely won't be buying DACs and such cheaper than Sonos, so your only way to be cheaper is to accept lower margins. You could maybe carve out a tiny niche at a lower price such that it is not worth it for Sonos to lower their own prices (for fear of lowering their total profits), but I know I would rather be Sonos selling at $800 than a competitor selling a smaller volume at $250. 3) A $50 BOM is probably a $250 product. Also, in hardware, going from $50 BOM to $150 BOM (or, going to ipod-level volumes) lets you buy MUCH better DACs and such. Plus, industrial design. The only opportunity I see is for an "embeddable sonos standard" where you actually eliminate the device entirely, and are built into AVR or TV. However, that is a lot easier for a big CES vendor than a startup. Or, something Sonos themselves could do. Competing just on price (within a fairly narrow window, like less than 10x) seems like a fail. $100 BOM turns into a $200-300 product. If a $300 product came out, Sonos could easily come out with a feature-reduced version of their product. Usually I see the start date for 4 years for founder vesting back-dated to start when the people actually started working on the project, not necessarily from taking funding or even incorporation. The product would need to be sold in retail to actually reach most customers, so your $40 BOM is going to be a $100 product (with your per unit costs like assembly, test, packaging, shippng) and then a $200+ product at retail. The challenge is the squeeze from airfoil, roll your own, or just moving your ipod into the other room on the low end, and Sonos on the high end. Sonos can always drop their pricing and produce a Sonos Lite for $250 if you become a threat. Unless you come up with a fundamentally cheaper way to do something, it's hard to justify doing a startup. A fundamentally cheaper way in this case is selling Airfoil -- their marginal cost is $0. They can be more profitable selling Airfoil for $10 than you would be selling AlmostSonosLite for $200. The other problem is user adoption and marketing -- the set of potential users for this is pretty small, relative to the overall consumer electronics market. Convincing people they actually need this is going to be very hard. The main use cases I see for wireless speakers are wireless rears in an HT system to avoid running cable, and temporary setups in large spaces (like at a party outdoors). The core Sonos use case, listening to a central repository of music or HT audio in multiple rooms, seems rather specialized, and a lot of the potential customers would value the higher audio quality and polish of the sonos system enough to pay for it. If you're not going to put good speakers + amp in each room, having a good quality portable system (like a dock for an ipod) seems like the standard solution. The biggest indicator that this is a soft market is that Sonos hasn't sold a huge volume in 6 years, even adjusting huge volume for their pricing being kind of high. Fundamentally bayesian antispam, netflix, and amazon all win because they generate recommendations as a side effect of user actions (ideally "what they buy/watch", but even just marking things with stars or tags). Hunch is a failure because it tries to get users to explicitly generate recommendations. Humans are unreliable self-reporters. I think a domain expert can be a stronger founder than a programmer, if it's the right kind of domain. You either need to know what needs to be built, or how to build it, to have a chance (ideally, you'd know both) I'll bet with 99% certainty a non-programmer cannot run a successful programming tool startup, though :) This is going to hurt startups. (the health care part is theoretically nice, but offset by the tax implications) Short-term capital gains will be 15% (Fed) + 5% (Fed Increase in 2011) + 3.8% (this) + 10.3% (California). 34.1% capital gains! This does not compare favorably to anywhere else in the world. For a CA startup founder, capital gains are going to be 1.5-3x higher than most countries. This is an issue primarily because (half?) of US startups are founded by immigrants. At some point, it becomes more attractive for an immigrant to go to Vancouver, BC (21.5% tax rate, much easier immigration process, better quality of life than SFBA) or even to remain in India or China. The tax advantages might also push for Hong Kong or Singapore startups, with 0% capital gains and very low income tax. A big number minus 34.1% is still better for an exit than a much smaller number minus a small percentage, but California is definitely not the only place to do a startup. I think the combined CA + US tax burden might reduce marginal angel investments. It probably won't affect VC investments, but doubling my tax burden on a win means I'd need to double the odds of a win, or the size of the wins, and that might not be feasible as an angel, who could otherwise spend the money on a new boat. I am unconvinced the health care result of this will be good enough for someone with a family to be comfortable going on relatively inexpensive insurance. As a healthy, single, 20-40 year old guy with no risk of children, I'm fine with an $80/mo catastrophic plan, and I suspect a lot of people starting startups are the same, or have health care from a spouse's job. A single parent is not in a great position to do a startup for a lot of reasons, and someone with a lot of chronic health issues requiring expensive medical care probably isn't either. The status quo of health care definitely retards entrepreneurship. Increased taxes also retard entrepreneurship (in a historically well documented way, although maybe the effect between 15-23.8% isn't a well tested range). I am not sure which has a larger effect here. I definitely would like to see some health insurance changes, just not the ones in this bill, and not by taxing capital to pay for services to individuals. Actually reducing costs would be my #1 approach -- politically unpopular, but I'd be fine with subsidized or free basic care for everyone, but no free advanced care for those without private insurance. Private insurance purchased by individuals, with or without a tax deduction, and totally decoupled from employers. I sent you long email describing. Basically I'd like to see public subsidized or free health care at the NHS level (i.e. kind of crap, but good enough), with available free relatively-unregulated private insurance and private care. I figure it would cost $1-2k/person/yr for the public side (excluding old people in medicare, which is another huge problem), which is a lot less than is spent now covering marginally insured people, overhead of medicaid, etc. I'd get employers totally out of the insurance game. This is politically unpopular (some people WILL get lower quality free care under this plan than they get today, and some people might get lower quality care than under employer-provided care, if they choose to spend the savings on something else like food or education, which might be rational!) Also, I think the US Government is possibly more incompetent in running healthcare (I work in DoD healthcare, so I see this firsthand...) than the UK or Canadians or French. Indeed, USAA is great. They're also the least-bad insurance option. Some of the other service-related credit unions (Navy Federal, Pentagon Federal, Tower Federal (NSA)) are pretty decent too. I live in Seattle (except I am in Kuwait) WA kind of sucks for tech businesses due to the B&O tax, which is a gross receipts tax. This doesn't hurt you until you have revenue, but if you're a low-margin business with huge revenue, it means you suffer, even if you're not profitable. (it's something like 0.5% on gross revenue). NV is probably the best somewhat-viable-for-startup state (Las Vegas or Reno), but I'd rather live in Seattle, Portland, or SF if in the USA. I kind of prefer Vancouver, WA for a tech startup, too, because then you can take advantage of the huge unemployed market of early-20s developers who moved to Portland, OR for lifestyle reasons, plus all the HP/Intel/etc. talent. There are a lot of factors other than taxes which affect an individual startup, but taxes affect new business creation in aggregate. This is great news -- I think Europe is fertile ground for doing startups. Europe only has one fundamental disadvantage for startups -- that there aren't a lot of startups yet. Three factors: 1) European employment regulations: which largely wouldn't apply in a tiny startup, or could be circumvented through use of contractors. This is the one area where government could have a positive impact. 2) Lack of investors -- there are a few great ones (Index, Atomico, Seedcamp) but there isn't a huge pool of medium-good firms to pitch, or to syndicate on deals. Even bigger, there aren't anywhere near as many tech angels as NYC or Austin, to say nothing of SFBA. The solution is to have more successful exits like Skype. 3) Lack of entrepreneurial education in colleges or programs -- Founder Institute, Seedcamp, and a few others are changing these. I'd love to see European universities focus on startups. I'm planning to go full-time on a startup this summer, and would definitely do it in Europe (Berlin, Scandinavia, Netherlands, Poland, or the Baltics) or Canada if I could get financing and visas, rather than the US. It's going to be a lot easier to recruit top talent from India/China based on easier visas, and even though it might be easier in SFBA, I think the marginal extra startup in SF will have a harder time getting the top 5 people than the marginal extra startup in Europe, since there's less competition. LT Capital Gains are taxed at 34.1% in California once this bill passes. 15% + 5% 2010 increase + 9.3% CA + 1% CA Mental Health + 3.8% Health Care capital gains. ST Capital Gains will be taxed at 39.6% top income bracket + 5% surcharge + 9.3% + 1% + 3.8% once this bill passes. 58.7%. (A $20m sale of a startup in less than 12 months start to finish is kind of unrealistic, but you could easily be a mezzanine investor, or could have operated a business for a long time before formally doing stock, so it is possible, if not likely for an actual entrepreneur) The correct thing in both of these cases is probably to hold and write options or something against stock, to avoid realizing the gain, and hope that somehow tax rates rationalize in the future. 20-25% all-in capital gains is probably the limit before it seriously disincents investment. Taubes explains this (sort of) by explaining that fructose goes straight to the liver, thus not contributing to glycemic index, but doing something to the liver related to insulin to make fat cells more likely to uptake the glucose in the blood. The science isn't fully understood, but it is definitely testable. I like starting companies in general because I like: * seeing direct effects from what I do (it's like a game!) * freedom and responsibility to make important decisions, not filling in TPS reports all day * Expressing opinions about what technologies are useful (because they solve problems efficiently), and solving important problems with those technologies * working with people who feel the same way (employees + customers) I am starting my next company (#3) (full-time this summer) because I'd like to see cloud computing/virtualized infrastructure made (more) secure, and applied to hard problems. I'd rather live in a world with this technology. I'm willing to give up fairly comfortable 200-400k/yr. I believe the expected value per year at the startup exceeds that, but that isn't really a factor in my decision. I'd do it for free and wait tables to pay the rent. Doing a startup only because you want the end result (exit) seems like a way to be miserable for most of your life. I agree -- and it's amazing how bad the existing software is. (I work in this field). It would be a great place to do a startup (there are a bunch of niches which could easily support multiple companies) -- it's mainly implementing open but antiquated specs from the late 1980s, doing interop testing with existing vendors, and being able to go through the long sales cycle. You would want some MDs on the team, which makes it kind of expensive (young MDs need to pay off their schooling, and older ones would be giving up profitable jobs). The $40-80k per EHR thing is a big market opportunity. I work with DICOM more than HL7. DICOM is very frustrating, especially because the task it tries to solve could be so easily done. I think DICOM-related products (an open stack for equipment vendors, various PACS and other tools, etc.) would be easy projects to get to baseline. That is more true for EHR than for a lot of the more specialized systems in radiology, pharmacy, lab, etc. For those, it's much more clearly a CS problem, with a UI component, and then some interaction with existing crappy systems (mainly the EHR). The EHR itself is the black hole of suck. It almost always ends up being like an ERP package, with either an off the shelf package (e.g. SAP) where the workflow is changed to accomodate the package, or a semi-custom consulting product built around specific workflow. Luckily, the more specialized stuff is actually vastly simpler. Yeah, it is nice to be able to work on something where you can be at a party and someone mentions a motorcycle accident or something, and you can point out how the product you work on was involved in saving his life. More meaningful than yet another social network game. I heard this was about $500k in additional cost and maybe +6mo, starting from a reasonable technical basis, which doesn't seem that bad. There's also the "sell it outside the USA, then sell inside the USA" model. Most of the justification for a doctor's prescription for routine is that the doctor will catch drug interactions, side effects, or changes in the disease. This is pretty bogus given automated testing and the really minimal level of interaction the doctor has with the patient on most followup visits. A lot of it is also to shield from liability. I can sort of buy an argument for NP or MD prescribing initial medication, but cheap testing should allow followup care to be much better and cheaper (send a complete blood panel, urinalysis, and basic info to the doctor over the internet every week, from home, etc.) The current "doc in a box" style clinic (largely to get around prescribing requirements) is doing more to provide affordable access to health care than anything in the new health care bill. Molecular gastronomy would be a fun thing to try at one of the hacker spaces (hacker dojo, noisebridge, ...) (or just one well-equipped kitchen). Several cooking techniques (e.g. sous vide) use some interesting electronics and control systems, combined with chemistry. I've also seen some traditional techniques/foods (smoker for pulled pork) augmented with monitoring systems (it posts to twitter when ready). Switching food distribution from "ship finished packaged processed product to end user for consumption" to "query local ingredients, do local processing in a semi-automated fashion, profit" would be interesting. If you could make the tools smarter, and give step by step instructions and instant feedback/correction if something goes wrong, cooking would be a lot easier, and more fun. (e.g. making a sauce, a camera could observe if it is too thin, and suggest a specific amount of cornstarch to add) Sort of like the "rock band" of cooking. I still am confused by the WikiLeaks budget request -- $200k minimum exclusive of salaries per year just to keep the lights on? $600k with a couple salaries? JYA did this with cryptome for YEARS as a hobby. The only real value they provide is the anonymization of submissions -- there are technical ways to do this, but most people with information won't know about those technologies beforehand. Authenticating the information could be done with a cryptographic signature, possibly by an unknown signer. Operate on the "last 100 0-days signed by this key when initially published were good, #101 is probably good too" basis, to build a brand. The problem of maintaining a nice repository for the information is much much simpler, once it's already online. Google could do this for most data (just include a special string in the file), and for stuff google won't touch, there are plenty of people who would pass it around informally. This reminds me of routergod: http://www.routergod.com/ Fake celebrity essays/interviews about technical topics. I lived/worked in the Tenderloin and in the "bad part" of SoMA for a while, and have personally observed: * Club kid (homeless? probably not) shitting on the street, sheltered behind my car. 300 lumen flashlight beam and "what the fuck are you doing, get the fuck away from my car" and he ran off. I had to step over a pile of warm shit to enter my vehicle and drive away. * Multiple incidents of presumably-compensated sexual acts in alleyway, near the door to my apartment. * A double-homicide approximately 100' from my front door, which I happened to observe because I was looking out of my window onto the street at the time -- one of the victims ran around the entire block, leaving a blood trail, before expiring. Blood trail was not cleaned until mid-day. I am concerned about which cities you visit if you find SF streets to be some of the cleanest! Baghdad and Kabul are on par (more actual dirt, blood, and random limbs; less shit and used condoms) I still don't understand the hyperfocus on cost savings without looking to increasing income. For a startup, saving costs allows you more time to try to develop product-market fit and thus increase income. In the long run I'd far prefer a $10m revenue, $1m costs business to a $100k revenue, $10k costs business, assuming I have the same percentage ownership. Same thing with life -- if I can make much more money by living in a place like SF or NYC, it's more tempting than living in the midwest and making much less. iPods still cost the same in NYC and rural Iowa. One of the problems until recently with Ireland was massive inflation in salaries and housing costs. Even with low taxes, it's difficult for a startup to get started and grow there (sort of a victim of their own success). Hopefully now that real estate prices have dropped a bit, Ireland can grow more from productive things like startups vs. speculation. I have seen 150/hr corp to corp or 1099 for single-person developers. Time spent getting contracts, doing administration, etc. means you can't bill for 100% of your time, but you can definitely make 200-300k/yr pre-tax pre-expense if you work like a dog. Taxes in CA will cut that down to 100-150k net, so it is more like a 100-200k/yr job. Tupolevs aren't exactly the safest of planes, and I think the President flew a lot more hours than most people. Also, I wouldn't be surprised if there was pressure put on the aircrew to not divert from their schedule/destination, due to VIPs. I wouldn't rule out conspiracy theories, but I would definitely say there was a higher than baseline chance that the official story is what happened. I can't figure out which site he's talking about (I assumed eHarmony, but they don't seem to use "elite" as branding, and searching for elite dating brought up only escort agencies). If you can take the productivity hit to do this, I would be interested. My preferred format is kindle/iPad ebook of some kind, although PDF is fine too. I would pay up to $20/mo, but $5 would be more fair. (I figure I'd save 5-10 hours a month, with only some loss of quality). It's like methadone for a heroin addict. I'd also appreciate a hackernews-to-rss which actually embedded the body of the article AND the comments, which you could maybe do as a related service. If it were properly paginated to work well on various mobile devices, especially synced to work with no online connectivity during reading, it would be great. iPhone, Android, iPad, Kindle would be great targets. I think ignoring copyright is the way to go. A hackernews dating site would be amazing, except for the demographic problem of too many heterosexual males. My favorite sites so far for meeting people for dating have been flickr, chow, and dpreview. I suspect travel sites would also work pretty well. Attractive females in the 18-25 bracket are pursued by men in the 18-death age bracket, far more than 18-25 year old men are pursued by women in the 18-death age bracket. This leads to scarcity, and men use "rich", "high-status", "famous", etc. to differentiate themselves. Male competition for breeding rights is the bedrock of human civilization (and probably for animals too) I really have no idea why people are so afraid of them. Maybe I'm foolish, but compared to someone like Scientology, I doubt they're terribly effective at harassment. I posted their URL on the original blog in a comment. If they contact me, I'll probably post it widely and contact the EFF. (if they'd like to try some kind of extrajudicial methods, I hope they visit me at my office, behind the 3 machine-gun-armed checkpoints) Not really; the hassle of maintaining a hackintosh is high. (I've considered it). Your time should be worth the $650 or so. I would consider the W510 to be a closer analogue, too. In general I think the video adds nothing to the Mixergy interviews -- I wish there were a way to subscribe to mp3 only. Some kind of interview + screencast/demo would be vastly more interesting, but harder or impossible to do live. I also appreciate the snowball microphone Andrew bought, and wish his guests had similar quality setups (a few have, many have not). It would also be nice to use a better audio codec and better buffering. Thank you! I love mixergy; it's probably my third favorite online news source after hn and news.google.com; it just beats out economist and quora. How hard is it to set up a Vancouver startup independently, if you have 2-3 US citizens who want to relocate? Assume you have $100-200k of your own funding. Gaming the tax credits seems like it takes a bit of effort, but lowers the effective tax rate substantially below even Nevada. http://blog.bootuplabs.com/2010/04/14/wertz-joins-board-firs... I'm not really sure how I feel about this. It seems like they behaved pretty reasonably for a regular company, but as a fiduciary, they probably should have held off and not funded anyone without funds in the bank, vs. relying on a mid-term capital call. (I wonder who bailed on the capital call and why) After this, I would probably be reluctant to move to Vancouver based on their line of credit promise unless I could see the funds in escrow; a LoC of $100k should mean $100k in an account I control, with equity going to them based on how much I withdraw. If they were Sequoia I'd be willing to accept a promise, but clearly how they have demonstrated they have pretty limited resources. They at least seem fairly transparent about everything, so it's not dishonesty, merely bad judgment. I'm also curious why 4/7 were cut -- was it that they were mediocre teams/products that Wertz didn't want to fund, or was it just that you ran out of money in the bridge period? It seems unlikely to me the latter, or you would have tried to structure some kind of bridge (or asked the teams to do this themselves by not drawing on the line of credit, which seems to be your only marginal cash expense per team). How else would you pick which companies to keep vs. eject? I'm not trying to be a dick, but when you burn people (even unintentionally or with the best of intentions), it makes it harder for everyone else to do deals. It's pretty common for VCs to have the company being invested in pay for legal/research/etc. expenses out of the investment amount -- so you raise $500k and immediately pay $50k back to the VC for their costs. It's weirder here due to the small scale of investment relative to the costs, and the non-cash services, but not totally implausible. I could see someone smart investing a small amount purely for bizdev/dealflow. I like accelerators for two reasons: 1) Having a same-time-founded cohort of companies. Moral support, entertainment, and when ~80% of them fail, you can pick and choose assets (great developers) having great visibility into them. 2) I like the idea of accelerators for people with $0 and just out of college or high school, or who need structure. If I could give 5% of my company to give an accelerator a win (both in money upside and reputation), I'd do it, especially if I were in a third-tier city like Vancouver which deserves a second tier startup population. Are there any other incubators in Vancouver, ideally associated fairly directly with real (i.e. Silicon Valley, or at least Seattle) VCs? If someone wanted to do just the minimum legal/financial/admin overhead for startups (say, $500/mo tops), and either provide them with YC-levels of funding, or provide housing/office space for 4mo ($1-3k/mo/person, tops), it seems like a win. Investing $20k in each company for 5-15 companies would be a good investment in dealflow for a Vancouver or global focused VC. I think a Canadian funding entity investing directly could get around the crazy reporting requirements. Even if you were only 20% as good as YC, open immigration laws of Canada, and the Vancouver environment would probably be enough. Alternatively, a Vancouver franchise of Seedcamp or Founder Institute. (I saw I got voted down and should explain) I think the odds of failure at 50-80%, including my own company, and having a bunch of ready ways to re-deploy those people into other projects is good for EVERYONE -- the engineers can move to the most successful projects. If I worked on something for a year or two and it flopped, I'd love to go work at a startup I'd been following the whole time, rather than trying to find a regular job. I think SFBA in general is basically an incubator/accelerator, if you've been involved in one startup even as an engineer. Formal accelerators help a lot more in places where most of the people who want to do a startup have NOT yet worked for one. College would be the best example. If so, the only relevant question is what they will name the third independent incarnation of this service after Yahoo runs FourSquare into the ground, as Google did with Dodgeball. Destroying value with ill-conceived M&A is one area where Yahoo can beat Google! I was optimistic about IPS, since they seem to have found a supplier for the iPad. I still use a thinkpad T42p for the UXGA IPS 15" screen, although the 2GB RAM, Pentium M is kind of limiting. (it's no longer my primary machine; 15" 2008 MBP being upgraded to 17" MBP) Would you take the 15 HD now vs. the 17? There is a very small price delta, and the screen is definitely bigger and is even marginally higher dpi still, on the 17. The 17 is slim, if big, and has an ExpressCard slot (which is possibly a 64GB SSD if nothing else). I think the 30" ACD is even more at risk, since it has been unchanged in ~forever. It was released in June 2004! It seems vastly more likely to me that someone "arranged" to "lose" a phone ahead of time, to get it to Gizmodo with some kind of plausible deniability. Presumably also there are uniquely identifying IDs in the phone (IMEI, but for a dev phone maybe that is in flash), or just a limited number of these phones, so Apple can do inventory and find out who lost the device. At that point, extensive interviewing to make sure the loss was actually a loss. I was in Iraq when this happened. It is a fairly representative incident -- the only remarkable thing is that Reuters people were involved. There have been plenty of within-rules shootings which led to the deaths of civilians, but there were also plenty of situations where the rules hindered successful operations or even self-defense. It's a balancing act, and it's war, so it's choosing among least-bad options, with imperfect information. It's fair to criticize the Rules of Engagement as being overly hostile to civilians, and counter to the goal of winning and leaving. In Afghanistan, GEN McChrystal actually stopped a lot of effective tactics (night raids, airstikes, etc.) because they were counter to the strategy of winning the war by winning the populace. In Iraq, there were periods of intense kinetic violence (such as going into Baquba, Sadr city, Fallujah) combined with periods of reconstruction and trying to win the populace. I actually knew Julian Assange from running a remailer long before wikileaks, and he seemed like a pretty decent guy. I'm not sure what happened. I'm betting he/they felt marginalized and were trying to use this to raise their own profile. I support the general idea of transparency through third parties publishing information, but I can't support wikileaks. I have been having a lot of stupid caching behavior, too (I think I have a transparent cache between me and yc, and there doesn't seem to be an Expires header. Some article pages show me as logged out, or when I try to reply, I get deleted/expired link message. I don't think proceeding without "money in the bank" is THAT unusual for startups. There is a certain minimum buffer, but once an investor signs up, and paperwork/etc. is executed, most people would go ahead with signing leases for buildings, hiring, etc. with even only a few months more of cash on hand. Maybe you don't want your incubator/investor to behave like a startup, though. Phil Kaplan is the guy most associated with Blippy (and with the biggest reputation of the 3 people at Blippy from before Blippy). I'd consider his statement more meaningful than the CEO's. The other two blippy guys are mid-2000s graduates with 1-2 smaller projects to their names. Phil is non-CEO due to historical accident (I think he was CEO of adbrite still when blippy was launched and maybe it would have looked bad?). The main value would be in finding other accounts to attack (some of which might have known weak security). Also, if I stole a credit card, seeing what purchases someone has made in the past would let you make a larger number of future purchases without getting the card blocked. Hacking email account still seems to be one of the best rewards for lowest difficulty. pud is a very smart guy, and I actually think the blippy concept could be successful; I just don't like the implementation. I was thinking of doing a "sharing your amazon purchases" startup (as a way to give people advice about their own purchases; e.g. if you buy a printer, a laptop, etc., have a single place you can go to with info on your purchases -- stuff like where to get toner, owners manuals, repair services, etc.). Someone mentioned blippy, and I met him in person a few times at Founder Institute. Yeah, I still might build it (a friend of mine from FI was interested in it, but I had to go to war at short notice). It's still not the big project I want to work on though. Become an angel investor. Part of the value-add in your investments of money is your willingness to be a connector for portfolio. This list mostly just makes me sad. Assuming it is a proxy for demand, most of it is student loans, other consumer debt refinancing, or branded commercial Education(tm) which is unlikely to ever actually recover cost for the user. For-profit education/training, especially for "flashy" careers like cooking and art, basically seems like a scam. $20-40k/yr for a couple year to get a $30-50k/yr job? Really? Also doesn't seem to take into account income and capgains tax rates; for a single person making >120k that is a substantial cost savings on its own. I have a Kindle (bought 1 when it first came out, gave a 2 as a gift, now DX); plus kindle app on an ipod touch and on mac. iPad is enroute. Eagerly awaiting an Android app. I have about ~150 books paid for (maybe more? I see 10 pages with 15 items per page). 1-2 books per week are consumed, but I tend to buy 5-10 at a time. The iPad (which I've ordered but don't have yet) is heavier than the DX, and needs to be charged a lot more frequently (especially if you leave wireless off on the DX). I think that would take it from "book replacement" to "another phone-like device", where I need to worry about charging it every 1-2 days. My plan is to just carry both, though. How does the tax thing work if you build the business while in CA, but get the capital gain while a resident of another state? With US federal taxes, they actually tax you on the unrealized capital gain if you expatriate, but that's a much bigger change than changing state of residency within the US. Somehow, hackernews handles certain transparent caches badly -- it's the only site I use which has a problem. I'm in Kuwait, unlike 100% of the other hackernews users, and can work around it using a proxy, but periodically I show as logged out, or expired link, or wrong user. Very few parts of guns require high-end machining and materials (barrels, specifically, are difficult/expensive). These are also not particularly highly controlled -- the barrel for a rifle can easily be repurposed as the barrel for a machine gun. (A badly made barrel could be totally usable for a combat weapon; it just wouldn't last for 100 years and put a bullet into a palm sized group at 500m) Receivers are historically the one part of a firearm which are considered to be "the firearm", and are not subject to particularly high stresses, especially on the AR-15 design. They can be machined by relatively incompetent people from aluminum, or made from plastic (Cav Arms sold these commercially for a while). Guns just aren't that hard to make. The hardest parts of firearms to produce clandestinely are powder and primers, since that's more a chemistry problem than anything else. I'm not sure what the state of the art is in homemade smokeless powder, but black powder would be possible to make on your own (if a bit dangerous). You could make everything on a gun out of plastic (commonly done), except for the parts subject to the detonation and bullet (chamber, barrel). Those COULD be made from ceramic. A plastic projectile would also be possible (it'd need to be pretty dense; not sure how best to do that -- it would still look like a bullet on an x-ray, unless inside something else, in which case you might as well do lead inside a form-fitting lead case, inside another object) I am definitely looking at Austin and Seattle, and partially-in-Nevada, as options to California. The other service credit unions (Tower (NSA), Pentagon Federal, and Navy Federal) are all really good, too, although not as good as USAA. USAA's insurance is top-notch, too. Is there anything you'd invest $10k on a $4mm pre in that you wouldn't invest $25k in on a $4mm pre? Assuming a $500k-1mm raise. i.e., do you invest within your range based on your feelings about the investment, or just how oversubscribed the round is? For me, a $10k investment and a $25k investment would take roughly the same amount of thought and time, so really it's just a 2.5x bigger payoff if you win. For a one-man shop, I'd just skip the title entirely. The only downside is potentially someone seeing just the card wouldn't know if you have the authority to do deals, but I really doubt that would be an issue with a consulting shop. Most of the relevant factors for startups are due to people and culture of the valley, not the California government, but there are some which are actually due to the state government: California has a few big advantages due to the state: * Non-competes invalid * Well-understood legal system for startups And big startup-relevant disadvantages: * High taxes on income and especially capital gains (taxed at the 10.3% rate!!!) which force out some angel investors, and potentially reduce capital formation for new angels. * High cost of living (which makes engineers expensive, and hurts during bootstrapping) -- some of this IS due to California government decisions. Employment law, minimum wage, etc. don't really affect startups directly. "Uncertainty due to the state being bankrupt" is a major new negative factor, however. Even though the current situation still leaves SFBA as the top startup location in the world, I could see a dying California enacting new policies which change this. Few other states HAVE matched this, but it's one of the easiest legislative changes any state could make to advance new business creation. For non-US startup creation, I'd focus on "better" IP law, too. Most countries already don't have software patents. Assuming you have $11500 you can spare, I'd do it. I think this is a pretty decent project and I personally would feel confident that 100 units could be moved. I think you should find someone to invest, then -- either as an equity investment, or something simpler like "I plan to sell these for $200 ea. Give me $x/unit now and I'll give you the $200-x 100 on the first 100 sold." If you're willing to put in at least half, I think it'd be pretty easy to find someone who would match, as long as he got his money + some premium first. If the units don't sell, he'd just get the units. If he'd be more likely to release TM2 in the next year or two, I'd be perfectly happy to pay $250-500 for a 5-pack for my machines, vs. "free upgrade" -- $50 for something you basically live in is not a big deal at all.. I'm pretty happy with TM1 though. I think there are a lot of ways to in-fill housing in SFBA without affecting open space. Allowing tall skyscraper condos in downtown SF makes a lot of sense (and has been one of the major changes from 1995 onward); the continued replacement of light industrial with lofts (from the 1980s), and subdividing victorians into apartments (1920s?). Most of this has been focused on SF itself. I'd be happy to see more apartment complexes in the 2-5 story range replacing single family homes in parts of the peninsula. Improving transit can also make the east bay and San Jose itself more viable. HSR will arguably make Stockton/Modesto an option for a lot of people. Actual home space isn't the limiting factor I think. I'd like to see the supporting infrastructure be more dense and efficient (roads/transit, schools, utilities). Of course, once I bank my first $250mm, I'd like a $20mm house in Palo Alto as it is right now, and a $10mm loft and $10mm house up in SF. :) I was at MIT during her reign as dean of admissions (I dropped out about a year or so into it). She was actually rather offensive, claiming that the generation after me cared more about fitting in than academics, and she did a pretty good job of skewering the extracurricular activities which were one of the major defining parts of MIT (at least for undergraduates). Actually, I have nothing good to say about MIT's administration above the individual professors and departments -- they spent huge amounts of money on pointless things, and mainly consisted of professional administrators (educated at e.g. BU) vs. alumni. During my time at MIT they destroyed the FSILG system (student-managed small housing groups) due to one fucknozzle drinking himself to death next door to my residence. I haven't kept up with MIT since around 2000, but it was definitely on a downward trend from 1996-1999, surviving mainly on past reputation. It's still not a bad place, but I think I could put together a far superior program, attached to another research university (to have access to grad students), to educate undergrads for $15-20k/yr (vs. the $60k/yr MIT claims to be spending). Take risks! I think something like KAUST (in Saudi) could end up being what MIT should be -- or Olin (the free school which has lots of MIT SM/PhD instructors). If I had kids, I'd probably push toward an undergrad-focused school like Reed for pure science education, or Stanford or UC Berkeley for someone who wanted to be an engineer, just to have access to the silicon valley ecosystem. I think there is a strong case for "take 1-2 years between HS and college to work", too. I wonder how many people today would accept a one-way trip to Mars. It is actually cheaper to keep sending supplies to Mars to keep you alive, than to send enough to lift off and return. I'd probably do it myself now; certainly would if were 60 years old. I'd like to see iPad 3G owners sue ATT and/or Apple as a class. I definitely would have gone wifi vs. 3G if these rate plans had been disclosed at time of sale. I wonder how much Google pays ATT to keep Android in the race, by crippling the iphone/ipad. Defense contracting (communications, deployed software systems). Medical software (PACS/RIS in radiology primarily; some automated lab and pharmacy experience, medical paging. Limited EHR/EMR experience). Firearms (retail, wholesale, and manufacturing of small arms) (plus crypto/security and some datacenter/cloud/etc. stuff, but that's better covered by existing startups) I hope this came up during the interview stage of his TS-SSBI clearance application. If he had just leaked the footage from the helicopter, and leaked it to congress or reputable news media, and done it non-anonymously, I could buy that he thought he was a whistleblower. I still think some level of punishment would be appropriate (clearly being discharged from the military and clearance permanently barred, and probably a less than honorable discharge, and probation at least). I still wouldn't have done it (if I saw something while working that I thought was a problem, I'd bring it up through chain of command -- there are plenty of legal ways within the military to challenge something, if you're willing to put in the effort). Wholesale leaking of TS/SCI data, defined as being able to cause "exceptionally grave damage to national security", pretty clearly meets the definition of treason. I don't think a firing squad (actually, lethal injection) would be the best punishment, but life in prison certainly would be an option. I can't wait for the AFN commercials about this incident! I agree he's not the only one to blame. The FSO of the SCIF where he (presumably) worked should be investigated. His CO and the rest of his chain of command should be investigated as well. The (contract investigator, most likely) who was involved in granting him his clearance, too. I'm pretty sure that all happens automatically when something like this happens -- at the very least, they need to work on making sure this doesn't happen again, but it's hard to believe they were 100% blameless in this. The actual IT systems used by the military for secret-or-higher classified data are kind of pathetic, actually. Certain things are done well (the "air gap" model for networks, and generally the military is decent at key management, and most members granted security clearance are good about changing passwords and reporting security probes, vs. commercial environments. However, the technology itself is often windows (2k, xp, vista), and isn't exactly the best managed network in the world. To some extent being "air gapped" causes them to be lazy about other forms of security. A lot of this has to do with the exceptionally slow procurement and integration cycle of the military, but at the core, windows is just not a great solution for building an office automation system with 100% accountability for every file. (I'm actually working on a startup that will address this market; it's a good market, but I've also been someone at personal safety risk from security violations, so it is more compelling to me than writing another fb game or ipad app.) Minor nit: the "while listening and lip-syncing Lady Gaga" I thought was cover for his CD-RW ostensibly containing Lady Gaga music, while actually containing classified data for export. The rule is supposed to be no personal electronic devices in a secure environment -- this is one of the reasons! (the other reason is that a third-party could bug an electronic device, without your knowledge, and it would be really hard to detect. If it's a phone or smart device, it would even be possible to do in software) By 15% you actually now (as of next year) mean 20% + 3.8% + (state tax, such as California's 10.3%) I'm in Baghdad. A SCIF is a SCIF, officially (which is where JWICS would be found). Generally they rely on armed guards and 24x7 presence vs. vault doors here, but it's still within the spec. Maybe because he was under 18 when he worked for you? I don't really know how the rules work for children. But getting fired from a job should ABSOLUTELY be investigated, and I'd assume "talk to the boss" is the standard for that. That's some negligence right there! (or, he left it off his application entirely, and they didn't do enough checking to verify employment at the time, and see the gap) Lamo was kind of backed into a corner. Even aside from the moral issues (I personally would have turned in Manning; if you volunteer for a role where you will get classified data, you need to play by those rules!) 1) If SPC Manning was talking recklessly to Lamo, Lamo had to assume he was also talking to other people, and generally behaving recklessly. Manning was going to get caught. If Lamo didn't say anything, but Manning later was caught, it would be likely discovered that he'd confessed to Lamo as well. This would not be good for Lamo, especially if that information were not yet public knowledge. An investigator might suspect conspiracy, and might suspect Lamo had data -- he could then be subject to intelligence activity or law enforcement activity himself. 2) If he cooperated with authorities in secret, it's likely his involvement would become known later once the trial happened (or at any time of Manning's choosing). People who interacted with Lamo between his initial contact with Manning and the eventual disclosure would be afraid they had been compromised as well. I think Lamo was in a difficult situation even if he didn't want to turn the guy in. I'm sure he just brute-forced the passphrase. Such as the state department data off JWICS, which he also copied and intended to publish through wikileaks? Yeah, I've definitely seem some seriously lax sites, but it's vastly better than in 2004. The great anti-usb-flash jihad of 2008-2009 seems to have helped a lot, at least on nipr and sipr. The mitigating factor is that someone in a deployed environment is probably more aware of the potential harm from letting slip (even unintentionally) sensitive or classified information. i.e. mortar in the hooch. Thankfully, he's under UCMJ jurisdiction, and will have professional military officers adjudicating. i.e., he's fucked. Even if something is a viable defense against conviction in court, being the subject of an investigation, or even worse, CI investigation, is way before that point -- and highly unpleasant I'm sure, especially for someone with previous criminal convictions and ongoing involvement with "hackerdom". If they don't consider history as a minor, they should refuse to grant clearances to anyone under 25 or 28. I also seem to recall being granted S, TS, TS/SCI, etc. is a lot easier/faster if you're in the military than if you're a contractor. Different queue, different investigators, and higher presumed loyalty to the US. (i.e. you were willing to roll the dice and potentially be stuck as a cook for 4-8 years, which a spy might not be willing to do) Brute-forcing a relatively long passphrase is actually a reasonable accomplishment, especially in secret, and with a limited budget. I will bet 99% that is what he did, and the 'moderately hard' part was in getting resources to run a covert distributed break. It's definitely a great learning environment -- I've been doing this about 50% from 2004 to now (I'm pretty sure this is my last trip, unless I get deployed contracts for my product, which is always possible). It's almost tempting to write a book, although for it to be interesting, it would either have to be fiction set in this environment with lots of factual details (e.g. Tom Clancy), or at least fairly fast and loose with the facts. A lot of interesting stuff wouldn't be appropriate to publish, and a lot of the hyper-accurate stuff would be boring. If/when Pacific Fibre happens, I'd like to move at least 50% time to NZ. I think 2011 is going to be the end (thankfully), and really summer/fall 2010 should be around the end. Iraq especially, but even Afghanistan -- I wouldn't be surprised to see mainly-SF in Afghanistan, with some presence at BAF and KAF, and maybe 30-50k total troops footprint, by 2012. I've never seen "work your way on merchant ships" as an option, but the "pay your way on a merchant ship" is actually more expensive than flying in most cases, since it takes a long time. I'd still like to try it one day. Crewing a yacht, if you have sailing, cooking, etc. experience, is also an option. Trains in the US are more expensive than flights (for long haul routes), but in other countries, are a good deal. However, even in Europe, low cost carriers are price competitive with trains. Costs a lot more per minute, but the flight is much faster. I knew from other people that the Drobo was worthlessly slow, but thanks for the info about the other problems. I'm a big fan of either building a linux-based server, or using a QNAP. QNAP is a bit pricey per disk and per GB, but it just works. For large disk requirements, I use a linux server with Areca 12-port RAID as secondary storage, and external eSATA+expander trays for tertiary storage (probably could put 50-100 drives on this with no problems). Overkill for most home use, though. It's 2010, and I'd use iSCSI, not SMB, unless I wanted direct-attach FW800. Generally, if you set auto-rebuild, yes. It's RAID5 though, so you're only protected from single drive failures. I use RAID6 on Areca cards (or better) for "critical" data, or remote servers -- single drive failures all too often become double drive failures before the RAID finishes rebuilding. The other issue is that write (and sometimes read) performance is hurt during rebuild. For timing-sensitive systems, people often turn off auto-rebuild or scale back rebuild percentage of writes, so their application's performance isn't so affected. Of course, if the second failure happens during the rebuild... El Bulli is not actually that expensive for the meal itself ($250/person?), but it's impossible to get a reservation. Since they announced they will be closing and turning into a cooking school in 2012, it's basically impossible to get a reservation unless you Know Someone. Steve Jobs can get a table as a walk in, probably, but your average $10-50mm exit startup founder cannot. As an attacker of (...) intelligence, key management is the place I look first in security protocols for failures, because both lay developers and crypto engineers tend to make more mistakes there than anywhere else in crypto protocols. Unless you are doing a lot of extra (expensive) magic, I could easily do: 1) Traffic analysis of your read/write patterns -- probably not a huge issue for many web apps, but there are enterprise apps where I could probably do some harm. You would need to do some crazy blinding to protect from this, at a directly higher S3 and bandwidth cost. 2) DoS (mainly, try to compromise the Amazon S3 credentials; or, a malicious Amazon) -- all I'd need to do is flip one bit in your bucket and your OpenPGP checksums wouldn't match...; I could also do malicious MITM attacks between S3 and the "cloudlane" box) 3) Availability attacks vs. S3 -- for a lot of users, confidentiality and integrity are important, but if I can make S3 unavailable to you at the network layer, it might kill the online performance of your application. This isn't as big a deal for archival storage, but if someone thinks using crypto for confidentiality is enough to move an otherwise-in-house app to the cloud safely, it might be fun to provide some user education. People who smoke (or use chewing tobacco) are much more likely to spit. NYC specifically has a large number of attractive women for the same reason LA does: a lot of industries based in the city which employ and are built on attractive women. There are people working service jobs (waitress, bartender, etc.) who really want to break into those industries, too. In LA, it's movies and music. In NYC, it's music, modeling, fashion. That said, I'd prefer a "6" who is super-intelligent and interesting, to a "9" with whom I have nothing in common. I believe you mean nicotine...I have observed friends taking 10 kilograms of food grade caffeine microballs and weighing and bagging in 500 mg doses to distribute at a hacker convention, with no adverse effects. I think this is the best content on Quora to date. The info I have is that the granules are mainly to ease mechanical processing. Given that ld50 of anhydrous caffeine USP is above 100mg per kilo of body weight, I do not think a few grams, especially through skin, would be much risk. The msds advises gloves, due to it being a skin irritant, but that is for constant exposure. Fine powders are a fire safety and explosion risk, of course, especially in automated storage and processing environments....flour, non dairy creamer, aluminum powder, etc are great fun. If there is any info to the contrary I would be very interested. This definitely makes me miss the plastic WebVan crates (I think I accumulated >40 of them). I think the Kindle DX would also be a more fair comparison to the iPad (especially the new, twice the contrast ratio DX). I have both, and actually use both. I would probably go with DX and Netbook if I were cost-constrained. The only time I read books on the iPad vs. the DX is when I'm in bed and don't want to turn on a room light, and even then, it's with the Kindle app. I use the iPad for plenty of non-book applications. While the VAT is the least distorting tax, I really dislike the extensive documentation required throughout the economy to implement it. I would prefer a tax on the easiest to audit things -- real estate, maybe a poll tax, and heavy taxation or fees for the use of public property for private purposes (oil and minerals leases, aquifers, ...) I do not see Python listed here, I believe you should update your poll. :) One of the biggest reasons solo founder projects fail more than multiple founder companies is that a multi-founder company has already passed some tests of market, product, and team. If an idea is incredibly stupid, but it's your idea, you can easily become deluded into thinking it's actually a great idea. Being able to convince another person that the idea is good is definitely a sign that the idea is good. It's also a good check on the quality of the team -- if someone is obviously such a screw up that you'd never want to work with him, you wouldn't work with him. Even fairly defective people can notice flaws in others. Therefore, a group of 2+ people probably means the members are at least tolerable. If someone can say no, they do not need the Heimlich -- at worst, they have a partially occluded airway, in which case using a finger to try to sweep the object out, or turning the person face down so the object falls out, is the correct course of action. (of course, if someone is non-verbally communicating no, then what you say applies, but I'd still be getting into position, and gesturing either sweep the mouth themselves, or use a convenient chair to do it.) I think it's shameful that no one has stepped up to provide him with free, top notch legal assistance. I'm relatively familiar with the case (I know weev personally, too), and he is actually not exaggerating. This is exactly the kind of case the EFF exists to defend. Yes, weev is a troll and a media whore, but that doesn't automatically make him wrong. Goatse behaved in the industry accepted standard way in popularizing a security vulnerability -- full disclosure. I personally would have done the same (although I would not have kept illegal drugs at my residence after doing so, but I also would probably ventilate anyone breaking into my home without clearly announcing a warrant...) Free weev! The whole "goatse" thing is part of the performance art. Hacker groups have a long history of over the top stuff like that -- look at the Cult of the Dead Cow (cDc), Phone Losers of America, Legion of Doom, etc. weev is a troll (in the 4chan sense), and a performance artist, but on this issue, he's actually being pretty straight up. He got some information about a security vulnerability, was asked to publicize it, did so, and is now being unlawfully screwed for it. Was what he did prudent, especially for someone already on the FBI shitlist? No. Was it lawful? Yes. And, it certainly brought the security vulnerability, which was an incompetent decision by ATT, to public attention. I agree -- he has definitely not helped his credibility in defending himself from some "fruit of the poisonous tree" drug charges resulting from an illegal search warrant. There is a reason why test cases usually find really unambiguously "safe" people for the test case -- e.g. the elderly, unambiguously law abiding and moral, African American gentleman in Chicago used for the recent 2A case McDonald vs. Chicago, or the same with Heller vs. DC. I am pretty sure no one expected search warrants when this all started. If it was expected that the FBI and local law enforcement would get involved, an academic security researcher would have been a far better spokesman. The problem with "responsible disclosure" is that a vendor can convince you not to disclose at all -- they can drag out the process of patching for months, and can try to convince you never to release the disclosure, or at least to wait until no one cares anymore, because some users may not have patched. The purpose of disclosure is twofold: you want the vendor to fix the bug, but you also want the marketplace to take notice of the existence of the bug. Knowing that Vendor M was informed of a bug and took 6 months to fix it, whereas Vendor L was informed of a bug and took 1 day to fix it, is useful to me when I'm evaluating an operating system vendor. The best way to have this information out there is to cause a big splash when you release it. Fundamentally, the assumption is that white and gray hat hackers do not discover every bug out there. If you sit there and do semi-sophisticated static analysis on a lot of software, or fuzzing, you can discover a lot of 0-day vulnerabilities which no one has yet announced. If end users don't feel pain from security vulnerabilities, they will not prioritize adequate security when they make purchasing decisions. Vendors with a strong security focus should support aggressive full disclosure of all vulnerabilities of all vendors. He's being denied legal counsel for the drugs charges -- according to the letter, they are all minor misdemeanors, although originally he was alleged to have felony weight on him. That's actually a victory for him, so far. The problem is there are potential actual felony charges under discussion, related to the original computer crime warrant. While he hasn't been charged, he doesn't get a public defender. If he's charged, he gets a public defender. If I were in his shoes, I would absolutely be getting a lawyer (and I sent him $100 toward that, and asked some friends who are lawyers to consider it). Honestly, not getting an Arkansas Public Defender is probably a victory for him, too. I would rather represent myself than rely on AR PD to defend me in a case like this. Non-disclosure, vs. Responsible disclosure, vs. Full disclosure (with various levels of warning to the vendor), vs. Aggressive full disclosure is certainly an open point of debate within the security industry. It's pretty unambiguously clear that he didn't use the fruits of the vulnerability in a black hat way to hurt the end users, however. My personal position varies based on the kind of vulnerability, actual risk to end users, etc. For something which causes minimal harm to the end users (publishing email addresses? really?), which was the result of utter incompetence on the part of a single vendor, and where the vendor can trivially fix it, I think aggressive full disclosure is the right course of action. If it were something like a flaw in cisco bgp, I would support responsible disclosure, on a very long timescale; give the vendor enough time to fix it, and get the patch deployed to as many users as possible. If it were a flaw in a no-longer-maintained system which were critical to life safety, I could be convinced to not disclose at all, provided there were something put in place to transition users off of the system. I believe weev has some kind of negative history with EFF. For a consumer web app, I would split it into a Product Designer (someone who can do art, UI design, product concept, workflow, html/css/js), and a developer (who does some js, all server side work, and the related tools. Finding the product designer is going to be the hard part -- there are a very limited number of visually oriented product designers who can also code. I think that person should either be a cofounder or hired as first employee with 1-5% of equity; on par with a later VP Engineering hire. Unmarked minefields, or air-scattered mines of infinite duration, are the bad kind. A well-marked, time-limited or centrally controlled minefield is generally much less dangerous, on par with a razor-wire fence. Functionally, it's a sentry system which can be turned off electronically (or by waiting past a certain date), or at worst, which is marked on maps well enough that individual mines can be removed safely by engineers. Unexploded ordnance (i.e. bombs which you fire and which then fail to explode) are a bigger threat after a modern battle than US-style minefields. A minefield is probably much less likely to be deployed for this than automated sentry towers, however. Is there any actual synergy at all with the rest of Conde Nast? Would it make sense for Reddit to work with some P.E. people to buy themselves out, and make a venture investment in improving the site? Invest in the 280M uniques, not in the guys. Put the "Francis M. H. White of Monetization" in as CEO, let the founders be involved in other roles (they're great at building a community and at "ghetto" engineering). That it is weak sauce now just means you could buy it cheaper. If I had $5-10mm (+100% debt) sitting around and nothing better to do with my life for 2-4 years, I'd be seriously tempted to make an offer to Conde Nast. We do this in limited areas already -- there's razor wire and other "obviously dangerous" stuff protecting power substations, subways, power plants, etc. DoE-mandated security contractors will use lethal force at nuclear sites, probably with limited target identification. I agree doing this over a 2000 mile border is a bad idea. For that, we should try to develop 0-50mi deep monitoring zone (depending on the area), with seismic sensors, UAV overflights, etc., and then whenever anyone is detected, send CBP/ICE agents to intercept. If they're innocent hikers, no harm done; if they're drug/people/etc. smugglers, detain and process them. That's largely what we do now. The main issue is insufficient CBP agents, and no real consequences for illegally crossing the border ("catch and release"). I think punishment should be much harsher for anyone involved commercially in running the border, and somewhat harsher for people who do it repeatedly. Ultimately the best solution is to make Mexico a less shitty place to be. I would love to participate in an open, transparent, and fair equivalent to wikileaks. Currently, cryptome actually does a 99% job of this. Tools, vs. Services, and definitely in preference to individual personalities as gatekeepers! This would be great for KVM server consoles! Glock 19, 2 extra mags with floor plate extension. Kershaw ao knife, novatac edc 120 lumen flashlight. Blackberry 9700 with bes and free data roaming, nexus one w local sim. Keys w led flashlight. Identity card holder w 4 id cards and credit card and eagle cash card. Wristwatch. Hat w 100 bill inside, sunglasses. Usually also either a vest or one of two shoulder bags with first aid and mags, sat phone, laptop and or iPad or kindle dx, some snacks, cisco console cable. Bigger bag (3 day assault pack or one size bigger) for trips, and spares in my car or the truck, and my trailer. I have a good point and shoot in most bags or on armor, and I have etymotics or ultimate ears canal phones. I also sometimes carry a canon in a dedicated d slr bag. In civilization, largely the same, except sometimes ruger LCR 38 and or a sig mix and match with the g19 in some combination, or just knife and flashlight if carry is unadvised. Also I carry a wallet instead of ID holder. Aside from people ineffectually shooting at my aircraft, not in years. I have had mortars land vaguely nearby though. Almost involved in 3 possibly fatal car accidents in Kuwait earlier this year though, but luckily I am a fairly competent driver and swerved around or braked ... Riding a motorcycle in the USA would he great preparation for driving a car here. I have an iPad and carry it frequently, although usually also in the same bag with a kindle dx and 15 inch mbp. iPad is better for use waiting for flights for casual web browsing, or kindle app in unlit rooms. I think it would be super boring. I myself would not read a documentary account of my life. Technically, it's basically either "learning how to do increasingly advanced satellite tech/eng work in the field, starting from a strong IP networking and sort of college ee/rf background" at the same time the industry itself was developing (late 1990s-mid 2000s). Also, political crap trying to deploy linux based servers on windows/activedirectory centric networks, with multiple layers of policymakers involved in every decision. Very very little worthwhile technology. The only people in the overall government space doing commercially-normal interesting tech seem to be TIGR, and for mostly-awesome (but still inferior to b2c webapps, by a mile!), Palantir. On top of that, the whole sealand thing from 2000-2002, and anon ecash stuff in the caribbean from 1995 (mit) through 1999 or so. Then, learning more about defense contracting and how the military works, having zero background to start, from 2003 onward. And the "going to iraq thinking it would just be reconstruction and a technology land-grab, and it turns into a shooting war after the war itself is done" thing. Combine that with generic startup things with somewhat more fraud and logistics problems than you'd face in the US, and living in a mix of crappy (iraq, afghanistan) and boring (5-star hotels in dubai and kuwait). If you're interested in the war part, actual soldiers have way more interesting stories from iraq or afghanistan. For the tech part, the technology itself is really boring. For the military psychology part, just read catch-22 and slaughterhouse five. Plus, writing it fully accurately would make me either look dumb or naive most of the time, and there are OPSEC and liability concerns detailing what other people have done or failed to do. I think the most workable solution would be some kind of "techno-thriller" set in relevant places, but fictionalized. I have a "seriously tore up" 15" MBP from spring 2008 which I carry with me for really mobile use, and a 17" 2010 MBP which sits in my "base" location for weeks at a time. I went that route, vs. the 15" HD, because I can't easily have an external monitor while being mobile -- otherwise, the 15" HD seems to be the best, coupled with an external 24, 27, or 30. I am considering getting a 13" MBP or maybe an x301 or panasonic s9 whenever they next get bumped. I don't care for netbooks (too weak), but a long battery life small laptop would be a nice tool. The lack of a keyboard on the ipad cripples me; often, the blackberry is more useful. "milbloggers" are much more interesting to read -- you can check michaelyon-online.com and freerangeinternational.com and find stuff linked from there. Generally someone who is on a 4-15 month tour blogs about it while there, and sometimes it is really interesting. Usually the people doing interesting stuff don't have time, though. I blogged for a while (but it was all password-protected due to OPSEC issues). Then I mainly switched to just use quora.com to replace most of my other "recreational" computer time. Apple makes better hardware than most of the PC manufacturers. The only mon-Mac laptops I like as hardware are the Lenovo T, W, and X series. I have some IBM/lenovo laptops too. Some of the Panasonic business-rugged laptops (W, T, S series) are also nice, but driver support is often weak. Linux itself on laptops sucks more than on any other platform -- driver support, ACPI/APM support, etc. all suffer vs. Mac. OSX is a pretty decent Unix OS (although since I use ubuntu for most of my servers, the slight syntax variation vs. linux gets annoying). I also really like having Keynote, Pages, and Numbers available -- OpenOffice just doesn't do it for me. And, I use Adobe CS4 (mainly Illustrator and Photoshop). And for a gui text editor, TextMate is nice. And OmniGraffle. Basically, Mac commercial software is a big plus, but fundamentally it's about having a great working Unix laptop which requires minimal tweaking out of the box. I think my concealed carry permits in the US are good in about 40 states (WA NH NV UT FL NH OR ME MA). Aside from CA and NY, I basically avoid the others (IL WI IA NJ mainly). It is slightly crazy, but I think I am going to Strongly Encourage that everyone in my next startup get concealed carry permits, plus own firearms, even though it is not at all core to the business -- mainly because friday afternoon at the range once or twice a month might be a fun team-building exercise. OTC caffeine pills: 250-500mg caffeine (about 3-6 cups of coffee equivalent), with the difference being it's much cheaper than coffee, and more deleterious to your stomach. Less liquid, so it's much easier to dehydrate yourself, or get to dangerous (2-3g) caffeine levels. You might actually notice minor-league OD symptoms off 2 pills (500mg), and definitely at 1g. Really, a bad idea. Modafinil (provigil) or ritalin (methylphenidate) or adderall (d-amphetamine salts) are probably safer physically than caffeine pills, but potentially more addictive. Absolutely. It varies by state. In most states most private businesses can't prohibit concealed carry; in other states they can, but only with specific language on a certain size sign. Plus, if you violate, it's just "please leave". There are legal prohibitions against carry in certain places under state law (usually bars, schools, sometimes government buildings), and there are federal prohibitions at airports. Not carrying when you're going to be drinking, or at a place like a club where people will be bumping up against you, is probably a good and prudent idea. If it is concealed, no one should know. Open carry IMO is a bad idea in a lot of places, and not something I would want to encourage. That is what Starbucks seems to have a problem with. Open carry is bad because it makes weapon retention a much bigger problem, plus it negates the "no one knows who MIGHT be armed" value of citizen concealed carry. Also, if I were doing open carry, I would feel obligated to carry something like a $3500 Les Baer 1911 or a Colt Python, vs. a $500 Glock. I think navy nuclear culture has changed quite a bit for the better since then. All of the officers and petty officers I have talked to are at least as conscious of rad safety as the civilian techs. On the radiology and nuclear medicine side, air force and navy techs seem a lot more rad safety conscious than the army people I have met. I personally think the first one to five employees in a minimally funded startup with small m&a exit as the likely exit are getting a bad deal, vs. the founders or employees who join after financing. An early employee will get about a percent tops as an individual contributor...maybe up to five percent tops if he is more of a vp engineering. In exchange, a seriously below market salary, equally high if not higher risk of losing one's job vs. founders, and vastly less respect when he later goes to try to do his own startup. Assuming the same caliber of individual, it makes a lot more sense to either found your own startup, or join after real financing (where you get a market salary, and have a lot less risk, plus a lot of startups with problems have been shaken out.). Obviously being am early employee at a great startup like google or Facebook makes sense, but for companies more likely going for 10 to 50m base hits, I don't think early employee is a financially rational decision. (note to future people I want to hire: I only do high risk potentially high value exit startups, so your initial equity actually is worth it!) Real burnout is something like losing confidence in your own ability, or the overall system or world. It doesn't go away with time, per se, but requires a real change of your life....like getting a manual labor type job for a few years, going back to school, etc. Early startups have super high variance. Some are utterly Kafka hellish, others are great. Unless you are either a strong personality and able to influence (which is kinda unlikely IMO if this is your first real job or first startup, and if you can't just quit at any time.), you have a good chance of losing. A funded startup is almost as good a learning opportunity for tech people, with some assurance that it won't be hell (legal liability, the selection and survivor bias, bigger team) Racial and ethnic diversity really seem like non issues...they are pretty superficial differences within a work environment. Age, children, and sex are a little more relevant, and even those are pretty minor and only loosely correlated with traits relevant in a work environment. Bringing a windows guy into a unix shop, or hiring a sales guy too early at a product development stage startup, or hiring a stupid or lazy person would be real diversity of a bad kind. Good diversity is bringing in people with domain expertise outside your core specialty, like having a font and calligraphy aficionado on your os team. Superficial diversity is really overvalued. If you are founding CEO of a startup which fails honorably, or exits, investors and future team members pretty much ascribe all the good accomplishments of the company to you personally, and think you have a good shot at doing it again. A non CEO founder gets a lesser share of the resulting glory, plus way less name recognition. Only rarely and with big successes will vp eng, product designer, non founding cto, etc get much cred from a startup. If it fails, ceo can usually easily get a job (sometimes as eir or though investor portfolio companies) A good eng in defense (at the level needed to be a startup founder) should be making 150 uncleared to 250 secret to 300 ts or project lead or more if deployable. Working 40 hour weeks (well, working 5 hour weeks with 35 hours of meetings, admin, paperwork, and overhead) A pre series a eng is making 30 to 60 if lucky. At series a, maybe 80 to 100. Defense is almost a perpetual job, whereas the half life of a pre series a startup is maybe 3 months, 1 yr for series a. (apologies for formatting, on iPad) What got you back into tech? I think that i am fortunate in that I direct all my wrath and loathing outward. Someone who comes in for five is a potential founder anyway. At 1 you have another fifty percent dillution from follow on financing, and the odds of any exit at all. Exmployee 75 is making market, and a 75 man shop will not sell at 50. They are shooting for 500 or more, or failure. A 5 person startup might sell for 5 to 10 direct, in which case your 1 just bought a nice car, after tax, but not a really nice car, and less than your risk adjusted forgone salary vs. Being a soulless corporate drone in defense, or maybe number 75 at a well funded tech company.