Unfortunately, this behavior is common across all major browsers. There is a Chromium bug for it ( http://crbug.com/315190 ), but no responses as of yet. Good find with the meteor.com link! It covers several memory leaks; the last example is the one that is relevant. Unfortunately, you are right. I am optimistic, however. IE used to not GC cyclical JS/DOM references. Google Chrome is doing a massive rework of DOM garbage collection with Oilpan. You are right that it is not a trivial change, but there is nothing technically infeasible about GC'ing per closure. I think it is worth it, just as it was worth it for IE to have smarter GC. Good quote. That is certainly a simple way to manage things. It isn't the only way (nor the best IMHO), but it is the simplest. Yes, evan_ is correct. Yes it is https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8379973 If by doomed, you mean relegated to only 79% market share (that being the cost conscious portion of the market), then yes it is doomed. "Of everyone, Google should know how hard it is to maintain large web apps" They do. Google doesn't use Angular for Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Calendar, Maps, or Google+. They use Closure Tools ( https://developers.google.com/closure/ ), which has a much longer history, and is geared towards truly large web apps. As far as I know, only DoubleClick uses Angular. Which ones? Having used Closure Tools for a couple years, I often wonder that. But it lacks a lot of magic. It's based around reusability, maintainability, and performance, and not just features. Like you said, features get blogged, maintainability gets (silently) used. It's true they are not mutually exclusive. Closure is several related tools that can be used independently: a JS compiler (minifier + type-checker), templates, and very large JS library. Some people use Angular in place of templates. http://www.mircozeiss.com/a-radical-new-approach-to-developi... http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/angularjs-... It could be written in NodeJS, Haskell, or BF, but I doubt it would matter. I know a lot of JS developers that use Git, which is written in C. Closure and Clojure...unfortunate naming conflict :P There's no reason for an employer to offer special paid maternity leave for not working. It doesn't make sense, and it's not fair to others who do work during that time. On the other hand, not offering sick leave for recovery from childbirth is just plain stupid. Recovery from surgery, recovery from C-section, recovery from vaginal delivery...that sounds like sick leave to me. "Hypermedia means HTML, period." Um, no. XHTML and SVG are hypermedia. JSON isn't hypermedia, but you can define hypermedia formats that use JSON (just as SVG uses XML). "better step in the right direction than the types of tools MS and Google have been putting out" The Google Closure Compiler ( https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ ) has been around for years and years. It does everything you mentioned (100% optional type annotations, type inference), plus more (dead code removal, inlining, compiler-time constants). Similar to the Google Closure Compiler ( https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ ), which has been around for years, just with fewer features. It has static type checking with optional type annotations and type inference. It doesn't have compiler-time constants, dead code removal, inlining, or other optimizations. But....still really cool. Generally people that don't like explaining what they mean to a computer. I'm confused. Is there something else in another language with better solutions for IDE, dependency management, dependency injection, etc.? Honestly, you just listed some of the best reasons to use Java. Great suggestions. Do you have a web framework suggestion, e.g. something with templating? I like Play, but that's 'cause I use Scala. It has a Java version, but IDK how good it is. Yes, AAARGH indeed. It can, with macros. Though Scala's stri g interpolation will get you mostly there (correct number of arguments, local format specifiers that are harder to mess up). Though I'm not sure it needs to be completely automated. You don't see robots writing news articles, but a researcher and Google are more productive than several researchers. With a lot of (cool!) features like type inference, it's not hard to see why compiling swift is slow. To me, incremental compilation is a bare minimum for a "real" language; it's nice to know 1.2 will have that. That's tricky stuff. What was the intention behind not doing a water landing, like with the Space Shuttle boosters/tank? Before you indignantly grep the web for jQuery, the post did say dead is hyperbolic . (Yeah, link bait...) For web apps, jQuery is "dead" in the same sense that string-concatenated HTTP responses are dead. They certainly exist and are used, but there is a level of abstraction (templates) that supercede -- or should supercede -- that functionality for most developers most of the time. If I'm writing a "hello world" web server, I probably won't be using templates. But if I'm writing a web server serving HTML that I want to be maintainable at any non-trivial complexity, I'll be using a framework/library. Sure, you can use jQuery, and yes Angular uses it (or jqlite) for cross-browser DOM interaction, but that will not be the predominant or most visible tool in any moderately complex web app. Front end development is coming around to the advantages of MVC, and the current generation of tools reflect that. jQuery is not dead; it is simply no longer the highest level of abstraction for creating web apps. You could compare this to a 100 year old car. But that's not accurate. There are 100 year old automobiles in use, and likewise I expect some 40 year old software to still be in use in 60 years. Launch a space probe and its software will run as long as there is power. But that's not interesting. Here we are taking not about software not as an instance, a physical entity of computation. We are taking about software is an idea, a design for computation. What DARPA is looking for is the equivalent of a car design that is still in use after 100 years. One that can be maintained and occasionally modified in backwards compatible ways. But that's a little stupid, both for automotive designs and for software (computational designs). Creating a 100 year car design is probably at best fruitless and at worst counterproductive. Trying to create a 100 year software project shares the same pitfalls. The most annoying thing I found with Selenium was that it wouldn't wait for the browser to respond to click events and rerender. The approach in the blog post (and I think elsewhere ... not sure) is to poll the DOM with a timeout. Is there a better solution to be add with something like `executeScript`? You could run `requestAnimationFrame`, and then poll for an indicator that the click, etc. handler has indeed finished. That way if it fails, you know about it pretty soon, without the need for long timeouts. This is all just a guess though. Sure, just like impersonations of your boss are ill-advised. But funny to a certain at of people (your boss probably not being a member of that set). I suspect you haven't said anything he doesn't know. NIL is fine ... as long as you have some container for the opposite. There should be a way to express Maybe >, aka an optional optional value. The Store article in the article is an example of when this would be needed: a cache optionally has an optional phone number for a person. If Lisp has the equivalent of Maybe > (perhaps a singleton list of a singleton list?), then the optionality is composable. Otherwise, the optionality is not really composable, and you will have problems. (1) It's true that a sentinel value like NULL can cut cycles. That's low-level code though, and not high-level code. I'd suggest that most code is (should be high level). (2) It is true that you may have uninitialized values. There are several ways to address it. Java will not allow you to use uninitialized local variables. C/C++ leaves the values of some uninitialized variables undefined. There are several possible approaches. Treating null as a normal thing is not a good approach, though. Author here. I didn't know that about Haskell. Admittedly, the "rating" is pretty rough, maybe even a bad idea. I've seen std::ptr::null more than I ever have Foreign.Ptr.nullPtr. But really, both are usually used for compatibility with external libraries/programs/runtimes, not for idiomatic language programming. Both great languages in my book :) Yeah. That's what I was going for ;) You make a good point. I removed the mention of std::ptr::null, since it really isn't really a NULL like other languages. Like you said, it's for FFI. The title originally matched the blog post ("The worst mistake of computer science"), but then it was changed by a moderator. Maybe it could have been a less drastic change? "NULL, the worst mistake of computer science" or "The worst mistake of computer science: NULL" So you like Python. To quote the article: > This is a bit different than the other examples, as there are no pointers or references. But the idea of a value that is not a value is still present, in the form of a char that is not a char. It has nothing to do with the similarity in name (NULL / NUL). As you said, it could be terminated with $. The similarity is that they are both sentinel values. NULL is a sentinel for types; NUL is a sentinel for char arrays. In both cases, they create exceptional and non-composable situations. Good explanation here: https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/3j4pyd/the_wor... This is not contrived. (1) A cache returns something or NULL. It's generic; i.e. implementation doesn't care what it is storing: integers, strings, etc. (2) A particular value of interest may be NULL or non-NULL. But now I can no longer use my generic cache and my values of interest together. A very real example of this is Java's Map interface. It's completely up to implementation on how they handle null, making interpreting null results difficult. While often you use NULL and everything works, you're still limited to a certain set of circumstances. You can't pick up thing A and thing B and just use them together. Hence non-composable. > it is extremely rare for experienced programmers working in dynamic languages to have bugs related to type That's a good one. I really needed that ;) I thought of including SQL NULL. Unfortunately, I felt I would do such a poor job of enumerating the problems or describing them in a somewhat comprehensive way, I didn't even try. FYI, I fixed it. std::ptr::null isn't really comparable, so I removed it. You can't really use it in Rust like you could in other languages. Exactly. You can still get errors due to things not being there. But your assumptions are explicitly stated. You see None => raise Error, and a little alarm goes off in your head, and you look around for a reassurance that we really want to do that. In contrast, you don't give x.toUpperCase() a second glance. I have used the Closure Compiler for years (and contributed too!). It is really a fantastic tool (along with the Closure Library and other members of the Closure family) for anyone that values maintainable, solid JS. I can understand why it's not more popular; it feels a lot like Java -- industrial strength, non-flashy, and perhaps a little boring. It's also a little hard to setup for a real project (tutorials could be better). It has been around since the creation of Gmail, and will be around to stay for years to come. (Though it has improved substantially over the years.) "Man shoots video; police shoot back bullets" Yes, people do that all the time (e.g. of the top of my head, the Google Drive API). GraphQL is the natural extension of that, but more flexible and composable. I can get a user's name and email, and his friends names, with the cost of only one request and latency. You could change your REST API to do the same, but eventually you are reproducing the GraphQL equivalent. That's correct, you destroy HTTP-level caching. (For one, your queries can be large so are POSTed anyway.) Relay is a caching layer that understands GraphQL semantics, but you no longer have transparent HTTP proxies, browser caching, etc. Though HTTP proxies are dead thanks to HTTPS, and with modern browser APIs, you can do your own limited caching. It's certainly a tradeoff for what you expect to give you best performance gains: fewer roundtrips, or more caching by third parties. But proportionally more, or disproportionately more? Too new for the dictionary, but typically "transpiling" is compiling where the source and target are at similar abstraction levels. So you've proved it's not 100%. But is it 99%, 90%, 50%, 10%, 1%? If it's 99.9%, accurate, it still has a use. This is dangerous. Just as dangerous as, say, the government taking over a bunch of uncollectable housing loans. Or the United States federal government renouncing all its public debt. If there has been illegal acts, they should be rectified. But saying "I really don't want to follow through on what I agreed to" just because minds changed is not justifiable, and sets a an ill-advised precedent. Collect on my credit cards. I dare you. The future of UI is text....specifically Hypertext Markup Language. But those are different. Those favor females. That's different. Yours is a bias that necessarily influences other people. But you are right; other innate biases are possible. Men could be better at logical/mathematical reasoning, which is necessary for technical skills. A difference in interest though is the most popular proposal. Conclusion: The gender disparity in computer science could be the result of innate differences between the sexes. Surprisingly, there are very few studies on the actual effectiveness of bicycle helmets. Lots of times, articles will just say "X% of people that are injured aren't wearing a helmet". Which of course is next to worthless. My experience too. But that goes down to like 50k after compression. Some logos are bigger than that. Not trivial, but for a lot of use cases, that's good enough. Especially if you cache appropriately. > why not use code generation You literally just described macros. With ads It gives you something. Compare Facebook Flow or Google Closure Compiler. It gives you the flexibility of not having to prove types to the compiler sometimes, but the safety of proving it other times. And yet you can write both programs in a familiar language. You could do early binding. Closure, for example, transforms non-polymorphic functions into static functions. But you are correct that performance is not the primary objective; it is verification. I personally prefer static typing all the way. But it's possible to make a decent argument for optional static typing. If they were true, they would disable cookies, as they allow servers to track you. But they do not. They just make sure the cookies are not stored on the computer. Thus the point is to avoid leaving traces on the computer, not the server. > Case in point: if a very popular Github repository (such as the one for the Linux kernel) decided to start using LFS for some of their files, they would instantly alienate all of their users. They would no longer be able to properly fork the project, or even clone it to get its binary files stored via LFS. Nobody would be able to send a pull request to Linus as a result without considerable effort. Odd example. Linux doesn't use GitHub pull requests. This. Unlike many other systems, compression in git has nothing to do with commit order or file types or really anything VCS related. The way delta chains work in git are ingenious and transparent. The problem is that "binaries" are large amounts of data with high entropy. Sure. With git-fu and enough emails, you can replicate anything done in GitHub. I'm just saying it's a very odd choice for an example of GitHub screwing over workflows. There are literally thousands of uber-popular projects that are deeply integrated with GitHub. I recommend choosing one of those for an example. Line NodeJS or something. I'd hate to see the blog post you call vicious. Does it need f-bombs? Death threats? I think what you mean is that it is not unjustifiably vicious. Try reading it this time. I don't think anyone assumes that of all 45 year olds. But the proportion of 45 year olds with dependent families versus the proportion of 22 year old with dependent families is hugely imbalanced. We might find some hugely imbalanced results from that. Money What if something if really good at being a website? Yep. AWS is a great example. Many products that can be used very well together (S3 and Cloudfront, for example), but the chosen abstractions are such that they can be used independently as well. Absolutely. My company uses it (among other things) for handling production issues. We'd rather not manage that ourselves. It's just one more thing we can screw up. This is different than the FOSS subject of the article, but it true that convenience is compelling. And that's what I meant by "among other things". Originally, we were using Campfire. As needs grew beyond just putting out fires, we looked at Hipchat, Flowdock, and Slack. We probably would have gone with Hipchat (because of the price), if they had SSO, or better JIRA integration. Slack had both. Exactly. I wasn't aware of the decree that excluded Asians from white racism in school/work. Given the number of Asians in tech, it appears white racism is lacking. Well, then I should have said Indians. I'm not disagreeing, but I am curious what you are hoping to gain. Geez. That sucks. I guess they really wanted those minutes of fame. Yep. Just like if you found out that probability didn't work, go to Vagas and exploit it. "What are genes for?" Totally. Anyone who adopts is an idiot. They don't use React There are worse things than poverty. Like that comment. That's not what confounding means, from a stats perspective. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confounding Excluding smokers can cause a confounding variable, not the other way around. A better choice of word would be "obscure", as including them will make it harder to reach significance (though the end result should be the same, if the variable was not confounding). It's just like saying "the dollar weakens". People owning dollars are sad. People not owning dollars are happy. What would be a adaquete replacement? Lessens? But what about old, current, and new? Or int? Or class? There is more then one project out there with klass. What study is that? In any case, success is (mostly) not rolling a dice. Good planning, strategy, skill, and past experience make a huge difference. I doubt 10% chance of success is the best you can do. This isn't unique to software. You'll find similar criticism of education institutions that offer quasi-substitutes for four years of education in a few weeks, with almost universally lower standards. E.g. Phoenix. In the US there are stringent and often legally enforced requirements for doctors, lawyers, and engineers, that programmers do not have. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it does mean that there will be informal restraints to counteract the lack of formal ones. Hence, "elitism". The problem with code academies is that they offer an experience at almost the cost of a formal education, but with a fraction of the benefit (necessarily so, due to their duration). Next time you receive services from a professional (tax accountant, architect, dentist, auto mechanic, attorney, electrician), consider whether you would be comfortable if the duration of their training was one tenth of the industry norm. But surely it would not be so weird to "stratify" electricians and signalers (people who turn signs). Both do "construction", but the difference in skill and market supply/demand. Or in JS. Or in C#. That covers a lot of the big ones. Perhaps you should name your language, so I can provide better examples. That would take longer > Ways to name variables so they look like keywords? I don't need your help with that. Oh good. My comment was in response to someone who doubt keywords would ever make good variable names (e.g. class). > you can always use a grammar that distinguishes between keyword rules and variable rules, and you'll never have any unambiguity. Yes, that is nice. And that's what W does. As an ancestor comment said, kudos for a "clean syntax"! (NOTE: there are alternatives, e.g. Scala's backticks. But W's choice is a good one.) Earlier discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4442826 Your decry of prejudice would be more believable if it weren't only unsorted generalizations (i.e. prejudices) “The failure of Verizon to comply with its obligations… to provide fiber optic service throughout the State of New Jersey,” What causes this obligation? Have you ever written a container (with an iterator)? II just like pushing people around in general. That'd make a great pull request. "I was reading this code, and then I found this line that I didn't understand why it was written, so it should be removed." And carry groceries for you and the rest of your family home via shoes/bike/public transit. I don't know if this is it, but C (and C++) desperately needs a good package manager if it is to be used and continue to be used for more then a relative few "core" projects. Java became very successful in OSS due to Maven (or perhaps the other way around...in any case, it is essential to the large, high quality OSS community today). Similarly with Node.js and npm. That's not my experience. I usually find then to be cheaper, in paperback, and sometimes with different exercise problems. In context, that expression refers to claims that contradict existing evidence. For example, if someone finds a way to create mass/energy, that would be extraordinary. All existing evidence suggests mass/energy is conserved. Even if no one has tried XYZ before, the evidence of XYZ creating energy has to be weighed against the evidence of thousands of (other) processes not doing that. It's possible someone made a mistake, or the results are being interpreted incorrectly. While there is an ideal, the reality is that "evidence" is of varying types and qualities, and that perfect evidence is not always feasible. In the US, criminal convictions ("extraordinary" claims) require proof beyond reasonable doubt. But civil convictions ("ordinary" claims) require only a preponderance of the evidence. If you buy your goats from the local market, they are more expensive in the valley. But if you buy them from Amazon, they are the same across the US. Where are you buying your goats? The remote work market will trend towards location-independence. Differential pricing cannot last in a fungible market. The companies that offer $100k and get $300k value from each employee will eventually out-compete those that offer $100-200k and get $300k value. It's the same mechanism behind free markets defeating other forms of discrimination (I use this in the general, non-legal sense). If most companies pay women less because that's the market, eventually the non-discriminating outliers will do better and the market adjusts to the more efficient reality. The timing may be unknown, but the movement towards a non-discriminating equilibrium in fungible markets is not. Yep. It's like wanting developers to drive a luxury car so much they would pay a premium for luxury car owners. The solution in that case is to not get the irrelevant high power engine. Or, more accurately, not to pay for the high power engine. Choose and pay for the car independent of the irrelevant factor of engine power. If the best value car (from your perspective) happens to be one with a high power engine, then you'll get that one. But you don't pay more for one, especially when your prospective market is broad (the entire world). The more cynical view is that the government perpetrates the attack to provide the opportunity, ala 9/11 conspiracy theories. Nice "You know what I've noticed? Nobody panics when things go "according to plan." Even if the plan is horrifying! If, tomorrow, I tell the press that, like, a gang banger will get shot, or a truckload of soldiers will be blown up, nobody panics, because it's all "part of the plan". But when I say that one little old mayor will die, well then everyone loses their minds!" "shortage of developers" That's self-induced due to your treatment of the market. Suppose you'll pay SV devs 170k. Do you have any idea how easy it would be to replace those spots by offering 160k (regardless of location)? And you'll save money. Most devs, FYI, do not live in SV area. The market for remote work is huge . Sure, the location has value to some companies. And they'll fight each other tooth and nail. But to a remote company, it's just as irrelevant as a luxury car. It's an artificial segment of the market to them. They don't need to enter the frenzy. There is a equilibrium of global supply and demand that is lower than SV equlibrium. Replace your SV hires with the others at that price, and save money. Capitalize on your remote work, instead of tossing it aside. Okay. Well, here extraordinary is supposed to mean better/more then ordinary. But if it means talented or praiseworthy or something similar, then I whole-heatedly agree. Yeah, Java's HTTP stuff is barely usable. If you are doing more then playing around, use singing better. Apache httpclient is a very well constructed library. And there are bunch of other smaller ones. Browsers required HTTP. Well, ultimately, some programs must be native. But beyond that, off the top of my head, I'd say the primary reasons: * performance * memory usage (think resource restricted environments) * performance * no extra runtime needed * performance * start up overhead * predictable performance (think real-time stuff) * access to ubiquitous native APIs * performance Look at programs like Nginx or PostgreSQL. They make crazy effective performance optimizations that are really only available to native code. Of course, not every program is a web server or a database, but they are compiled for good reasons, and those reasons apply to many other programs. At least Google admits they were down. When AWS goes down, the best you can hope for is a little "i" next to one of the green checks 6 hours after the outage is over. Chicago mayors have a bad track record too. DNS would be a disaster if taken down. It's also impossible. The technical solution is to identify them and sue them on technical grounds. References? You're think of earned income. Income is anything that...well...comes in. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wirth%27s_law There are extremes, and I fear that the GP's intent was lost. Compromise and selflessness are key to marriage. Individual ambition is the opposite of these qualities. Extremity ambitious individuals who are not able to transfer this ambition to include the well-being of their partner set up the marriage for failure, regardless of their influence our talents. I not saying that's what happened, but the GP points out that otherwise successful people with poor marriages isn't so hard to imagine. Yes, there must be balance. "Abandon individuality" carried to it's literal extreme is wrong. But the essence of the GP's statement has truth: individual focus and individual ambition don't necessarily translate to a good relationship. "you need to throw yourself on the sword to avoid hurting others" Like I said, there are possible extremes, but in essence, yes. I believe that love is characterized by sacrifice. You can do that, but it is very very expensive. If you are serious about it though and you want a reasonable price, take a trip overseas and have it done there. Adding "detectable metal" is pretty ridiculous. Maybe they should just ask people if they're packing. What's this expected firing lifetime? I wouldn't think it to be very much, but I'm curious. Plastic guns get the attention, but it's not to hard to make (much better) metal guns at home. Milling the lower receiver is a popular way to make AR-15s, etc. Of course, that requires equipment which is several times more expensive than a 3D printer (over $1k). But if you really want to make your own firearm, it's well worth it. Yeah, I know. But if you wanted to mass manufacture something, I doubt it would be plastic guns. The only point to plastic guns is that you can do it yourself without too much hassle. How many were saved by civilian-owned firearms? The problem is, we don't really know. Even with the reporting bias, there more reported legal defensive uses of guns than injuries by gun violence. But how many uses actually saved a life? Hard to tell. Move to France. If a gun (or other weapon), is possessed, that makes it a violent crime, e.g. aggravated robbery. So you can get some handle on gun use (even when not fired) in crimes. Right. Nobody (or mostly nobody) makes their whole gun from scratch. The idea is that the gun parts can be obtained with fairly ordinary efforts, just as plastic for a 3D printer can be obtained with fairly ordinary efforts. (Naturally, there is a big cost difference between these two.) It's possible to have it done in a couple days. But yeah, like the other comments have noted, this probably isn't very wise. I didn't mean to offer real advice, just say that it's essentially possible, with tons of pain and considerable amount of money. In the end, you probably just want to hold on to those natural teeth. Definitely unrealistic. Atlassian is quite slow to move forward on their products, including their acquisitions. In some cases -- Bitbucket Cloud -- they really never do. Whenever I think about Bitbucket, I think of https://bitbucket.org/site/master/issues/8548/better-ci-inte... Well, sort of. You can have a backdoor as safe as the backdoor key holder. The problem here is not a technical one; we don't between a "safe backdoor key holder" can really exist. Well, we'll keep getting better and better at extracting more worthwhile data, and increase our ability to use the data we have. And data will allow extensive growth (of business). It might be reaching, but yes, kinda. Well, there was more than one day. But yeah, results limited to himself. Or used a signed assertion that is verified with a secret. Yep. This works. Yes, anytime something makes it from a third-party library into the language, it's not worth the hassle of a third-party dependency. Of course, this "hassle" is off-loaded onto the language, ie all C++11 users having to learn it. People have Macs for similar reasons as iPhone for similar reasons as Apple Watch Strawman. You are referring to a tiny fraction of abortions. Only a few abortion critics oppose abortions to save the mother's life. Last I checked, people had been successful in banning "assault" rifles. I'm not aware of a time in the US where encryption was banned for the populace. I would say the same for a lot of HNers. 5 years, really? How often do I have to replace stuff that I own? My car is 25 years old (gasp) and reliable, though not designed for current emissions standards, my laptop is 8 years old and works great, though it can only run so many app-that-is-browser programs, my phone is 4 years old and works, and my router is 5 years old and still kicking, and my table saw is 10 years old and works great. I'd like to not have to replace my biggest, most expensive tools in my life every couple years, just because someone else has and thinks I should too. "Original mistakes"...that one made me smile :) TV news is just terrible. Other sources are too, but TV news seems to excel at reporting on the same three stories with the same information for weeks. I lived in Florida, and it's great to know when a hurricane is coming, but you gotta turn it off after the first ten minutes because after that it's just hype without substance. Your point about the car is correct, though I believe the argument on crypto is weak. I just would like to figure out how to use something for its actual lifetime. c'est la vie By that measure, those open source devs are the stupidest of all. Exactly. An 80% chance of zero and 20% chance of millions is different than an 80% chance of zero and 20% chance of 70k. And a lot of people fail to identify the difference. You forgot gender from your list, as per your story. Yep. And that's not weird. I work where I do now largely because my friends do. I mean, if you're going to spend 60 hours a week in close-ish quarters with people, it'd be nice if you enjoyed it as much as possible. Granted, there is an extreme, and there are discrimination laws, but I do want to spend time with people I get along with. What about helping an asshole across the street? "Software updates" and "last a long time are not the same". If anything, the former opposes the latter. Or...here's an idea: let me choose my security. Maybe I have a different standard for a bank then a blog, or a router config page. Or maybe I don't. You don't have to choose for me, not in this case. Oh, I know that my tools are inherently not as good as the ones today, but that's not my concern. I'm not sad that my tools from years ago aren't as good as the ones today. That's inevitable. I'm sad that many of them are useful but artificially rendered useless by decisions. For example, I had no complaints about my phone's battery life, security, or performance in 2011, my phone hasn't changed, and I use it for the same tasks. The same goes for the other items I listed. You downvote, but realistically that's what Tor contributors/operators wind up doing a lot of time. But some people have decided -- for a number of understandable reasons -- that Tor is actually a good thing to help with. Everyone's got different ideas of worthwhile uses of their time. Some people love contributing to something; others won't spend 5 minutes on it. It has to do with desire, goals, values, and passion, rather than strictly mathematical aptitude, as you suggested. ninite.com It makes upgrading them easy too. navigator.onLine "pay out the a " is an odd expression. It seems what you are paying isn't worth very much (i.e. a pile of worthless s) Why is that annoying? Read the quote closer. It wasn't just talking about legal responsibility. It was talking about "patriotic duty", "sinister", "public duty", "voluntary", and "morals". Being mean to your elderly parents conflicts with a few of these ideals. "The Constitution, on this hypothesis, is a mere thing of wax in the hands of the judiciary, which they may twist and shape into any form they please." - Thomas Jefferson Wait, what happened to the 2014? It's sarcasm/hyperbole. Yep, the best thing is when you can compose things. Like stream Netflix with your laptop, or play games with your Xbox. Rather than have the thing that does everything poorly. I take it your iTunes account wasn't one of the breached ones. So when my drone flies through a jet engine and causes $1m of damage, the FAA is going to look at the identification number on my done? Impressive. Humpty Dumpty should've called these guys. And pay $5 per bird. Airplanes have far higher top speeds then drones. Drones are basically birds when it comes down to this. Or give the the answer to what they want to know, not to what they asked. > I'm at a loss for words > To me, there's something really heartbreaking about abandoned and decaying houses. You're at a lost for words because of some old houses? At least there aren't gangs roaming the capital, looting, killing, and burning for days. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2328952/Sweden-riots... I'm not saying either US or Sweden is a nightmare; just that every place has its uglier side. If you're "out of words" for some old houses and some vegetation, you're probably missing a lot. Multiple buildings (including two schools) and hundreds of cars were burned, at least one elderly man was killed. IDK of anything comparable in the US in this century. It's hyperbole only in that the area affected was small compared to the rest of Sweden, in the same way that one street is small compared to the rest of the US. Exactly. In one sense, it's like seeing a phone "abandoned" for a newer model. People don't live in the same place for centuries, because they don't need to. Yep. I stand corrected. Those are similar and on the same scale (i.e. larger than I had remembered). Like I said, there are worst sights than an old house. Understandable. I also get emotional, though differently. I reminisce when I see old buildings, even those in poor condition. They make me think of the history of the place, and the connections I have to the past. Also, I've lived in a lot of humble circumstances and have really liked the people I got to know, so I'm somewhat biased towards less modernized settings. I understand that there are a lot of problems in indigent places, and I don't want to minimize that at all, but I have fond memories. When the machines take over, they'll go for our fridges first, so we won't know what to do. Only JS runs in all browsers. Some people want to write once, run anywhere. Hence JS and Node.js. ( or a compile-to-js language ) And thus JS conceeds "write once, run anywhere". Slack's founder said something along the lines of "The only unusual thing about me is a slightly better then average ability to predict what people's reaction will be." Always getting HEAD seems like a rookie mistake that rejects decades of lessons from mature systems and is a real deal breaker. But that may just be me. I think the same thing about generics, and others clearly don't. Wait....are you telling me that used a computer today? And the day before that? And the day before... Ah, you're probably behind the times and not very techy anyway. Sure. "Run anywhere" is really only descriptive of languages (e.g. Java), not implementations (e.g. Dalvik). You can't have a "run anywhere" implementation, unless you are grouping a bunch of implementations together...one for ARM, one for x86, one for FreeBSD, one for Windows, one for Minecraft, etc... because even under the same name the implementations would very significantly internally. "Run anywhere" is a function of (1) the language spec (i.e. how much machine dependent behavior is permitted) and (2) the actual real-world support across platforms. JS has the first, but the second is often conceeded, per the earlier comment. Betteridge's law I'm using the Play framework. I run it on dedicated hardware, so the few extra MB of disk space doesn't bother me. I know you don't like talking about it, but do you have something to share about its performance? :) Yeah, they could've thought about that sentence more. Traveling with unloaded firearms through states is federally protected. A few years ago, Greg Revell had a layover in New Jersey and bad weather caused his flight to be delayed. He stayed in a hotel, and New Jersey wound up arresting him and confiscating his firearm which was illegal in the state. He argued that he was still traveling; New Jersey said he wasn't. He took it to court and won. tl;dr Traveling through a state with a firearm is legal, but law enforcement can (apparently) still harress you even if you are obeying the law. 403s are often used in place of 404s. This is even allowed by the spec. That doesn't mean 404 if worthless. If you don't play along, the bad guys will block your whole site. The Mr. Universe article says he adjusts the insulin according to activity and diet, and that it can't be manipulated to help him past what a functioning pancreas would do. "People sometimes give him the eye, thinking that insulin might be advantageous in competition, but insulin is of no use to him in that respect because if his insulin ever goes high, he can’t shed body fat and get lean enough to compete." Hmmm....you may have been compiling Scala. "Unfortunately, at Gravity we didn’t have required code reviews in place." If you are trying to scale past 50 devs without code reviews, there is a MUCH easier improvement you can do rather than to switching to a new language and tech stack. "SBT is also a real sore spot. There’s always that one person who actually knows what the heck SBT is doing and can debug everyone’s issues." SBT is an order of magnitude easier to debug then Make or (heaven help you) Maven. I'm not saying it's the best or simplest build tool ever made, but it has nice debugging. `inspect` and `show` are invaluable. Exactly. In neither case is 404 or 451 pointless just because 403 is sometimes used to restrict access to that information. I agree with you that Java is painful. But if "enough is enough", abandoning all types is throwing out the baby with bathwater. You make a compelling argument for languages with type inference and richer typing systems. There are many such languages. For the JVM, there is Scala. This. 100 times this. Types are a "proof" to the compiler that your code will run in a certain way. No missed "edge cases", no fuzziness, just pure comprehensive logic. Of course, the success of this varies by language and a lot of people have worked to find better and more powerful approaches. But you should regard any type system as a proof system for runtime behavior. (I'm not saying that running tests with arbitrary examples is bad; I'm just saying that HUGE classes of potential bugs reliably go away with good static typing.) It's just the name. Whatever a monad is, it must be worth the name. (Yes, I know the history of the term.) As my kids climb on their favorite jungle gym and scream in my ear, I too am tempered to raze them ;) Well, against the standard of ML, Scala does come up short. Almost all of that is due to the intentional choice of running on the JVM with high interop compatibility. Choose ML-family or Haskell, and you don't have Java baggage. But I'd take types with class-vs-trait design choices, less-than-ideal match exhaustiveness checks, and type inference incompleteness any day over a language lacking all static typing features. They do cache at least sometimes, and they must for it to work. If I send you an image URL http://example.com/fH27cAw , and they URL is requested, you must have opened my email (unless something is requesting them regardless).