Professor was suprised that there are two distinct set of rules, game rules and social rules, and that by breaking social rules you can anger people? Somebody should go to his office and pee on his desk explaining to the professor that he is not breaking any game rules (in that case called 'physics'). Professor could be also suprised by revelation that in real world also two distinct set of rules exist. Maybe he could write about this afterwards. Splitting people around you into groups and labeling them as 'us' and 'them' lies in biology. It can't be totally suppressed. What schools could actually do is to give those two colored T-Shirts randomly to the kids to create artificial division that would allow them to get past the tribal labeling period without forming persistent bias based on some real unchangeable (although insignificant) quality such as skin color. Two black holes colliding. In Britain international criminal lord could sue Interpol for libel and win. I think that only sensible way to deal with the libel is to allow it. It's already that way in reality. If someone spreads a rumour about someone else to hurt his reputation the source of gossip is impossible to track and impact can be devastating despite all the clarifications and court judgements. Explicitly allowing for libel could do the same to impact of false claims that possibility of posting anything on the internet did to perceived credibility of any unverified information. Those laws might be fine when small amount of influential people could effectively disseminate information but in the viral age of today, when false information written on someones anonymous blog can sweep across information agencies all over the world the libel laws effectively serve only trolls and powerful organization to fight journalists. Actually this page is brilliant. I have not included php.js in my projects but used this page many times to find out how to do in JavaScript things that are easy in PHP but in js ... they are not easy at all. ... also often you don't know or even can't estimate how much dollars something can bring in in long term. If you are starting new unique venture you can't really estimate potential gains. But from history of man kind seems that investing in new things and even exotic research is in the long run extraordinarily beneficial. Gains from gathering resources and building ITER (or GPS, or orbital power plant) earlier not later can give humanity much greater benefit than it would gain from instantiating 5 mln startups with 1/5mlnth of the used resources. I'd even say that no value can be created by human activity (by means other than resource exploitation) if it does not involve inventing or applying new technology. Can't people use some better models for monetizing on their creations in place of old "Pay us or we won't show you!"? It's hurting all of us and we have technology now to deal with this some better way. Study comparing apples to oranges ... Why anyone takes this seriously? Just because of thrill value? From Wikipedia: However, this study has been considered to have next to no scientific value, because it compares the irradiated population with the much older general population of Taiwan. A subsequent study by Hwang et al. (2006) found a significant exposure-dependent increase in cancer in the irradiated population, particularly leukemia in men and thyroid cancer in women, though this trend is only detected amongst those who were first exposed before the age of 30 Dolphins do sleep. But only with half of the brain. One of the functions of sleep might be just inactivity but another much more important one must be associated with neurons. I think sleep (namely REM phase) is needed for neural network to avoid overlearning. That's why sleep deprived persons hallucinate. Their neural network is overlearned to recognize stimuli from senses and it recognizes known patterns even if stimuli is week. Nothing better to avoid that is to disconnect neural network from muscles (to avoid hurting yourself) and discharge neurons randomly for some time. "Understanding a pointed finger may seem easy, but consider this: while humans and canines can do it naturally, no other known species in the animal kingdom can." So chimps can't follow finger if it's beneficial for them? Or dolphins or crows? My friend was afraid that someone might want to hurt her dog by feeding him something nasty, and since there is much more right handed people she taught her dog to avoid treats given with right hand. Dog gladly accepted treats given with left hand. At first I was amazed that dog can discern between left and right side of human or the world. That's not something that comes easily even for humans. After the dog refused to take treat lying on the inside of my left hand I turned the hand by 180 deg along wrist-elbow axis and placed treat on top of my hand. Dog accepted the treat without much hesitation. Dog did not understand the concepts of left and right, just relied on placement of the thumb on the human hand he saw. That's how I circumvented her little security measure and hacked into her dog. ;-) What amazes me is that in relatively short lists of things on internet I often see duplicates. May this be lists of jokes, arguments even photos. Copies are usually close to each other, often on the same mid sized page. Is there something in creators psyche that causes having a blind spot on such duplicates? Example from this article: 4. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. 11. Entrepreneurship doesn’t always run in the family. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. Surely this can't be sole reason for all occurences of this effect on the interenet (and even in books). ;-) That's not the point. I am not talking about lack of originality. I am talking about failure to notice duplication in short list of supposedly interesting content published by oneself. From my experience on pair programming: - it occurs naturally if you give two programmers one computer and one problem. - one programmer becomes tactician/executor, other one becomes strategist/supervisor - tactician thinks how to make loop to iterate properly, strategists thinks why to make loop and what to do next. - it helps immensely to have someone who has different ideas than you on your side, if you are willing to submit to this ideas if you don't have other than idealistic arguments against them. I found it much easier to achieve "pair flow" than just "flow". I think someone should write internet worm that upgrades IE on the computers it infects, spreads for after a while then closes hole through which it spreads (so the computer won't get infected again) and then delete itself. The fact that such worm does not exist yet after all years of IE6 suffering might mean that worm writing hackers are assholes. The cause could be that inside the block there were already the /* */ comments, and editor did not have single keystroke option to add // at the beginning of each selected line. Ok. So I have another theory. In place of false there was previously some ugly condition and he wanted get rid of the things that were done on this condition with minimal necessary effort hoping that someone in the future with more time (maybe even himself) will clean that up since doing cleanup in such case is not hard thing to do. "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Again repetition in short published list. Am I going insane? Do you also see this? How that happened? Maybe I am indeed going insane. Again repetition in short published list. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=834697 "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Do you imply that people who ignore some laws do things only for profit? I know that such worm could accidentally be harmful. But IE6 is also very harmful. Security issues in IE can attribute for large fraction of infections with malicious software. Drugs can have side effects in some percentage of treated patients but if they help more than hurt they are still used, especially for diseases where no good treatment is available. Just like in case of IE6. Probably only small fraction of current IE6 users needs IE6 and would revert to it in case other than reinstalling windows after total system failure and thus involuntarily bringing IE6 back on board. I guess there is no good way to weeding out IE6 from corporate environments. Maybe MS should just revoke their licences to use IE6 and sue them? It's interesting question in general how to weed harmful piece of software out of ecosystem. I have friend like that and he saved my ass many times. When I was stuck trying to find satisfying solution, he was almost always coming up on the spot with something simpler then I was striving for, but upon close inspection good enough. If I pointed significant problem in his solution he either came up with fix or abandoned his idea without regret. I like to think that I design better apis and libraries than him because I concentrate much more on what I want to have and try to weed out any inconvenience, but when I can't get what I want then he comes up with the idea I actually can get and is good enough. I think the idea is awesome. It's so much more convenient to go to one place aggregating information from internet to decide whether brand is trustworthy instead lurking around different hard to read forums to get the info yourself. Therefore it's a good free service for customers. It also may become good service for companies because as massive amount of people starts using his site to get information about brands, he offers the companies cheap way to cover up their errors for large part of their potential customers. Guy is a genius and Lisa Barone just doesn't get it. Being Chief Branding Officer probably makes you angry about anything that may help customers recognize true value of brands. Venting anger helps. Often when I was pissed off at my client I wrote angry letter pinpointing all the inadequacies in his behavior. After I wrote it I was calm enough to write another letter where I proposed constructive ways to alleviate the problems we had. Of course I was just sending the second letter because only useful purpose of the first one was to help me calm down. I agree but it's a fun idea to anonymize such unsent angry letters and publish them for own and other peoples amusement. Plus you can learn a lot from other peoples mistakes, may that be mistakes of the criticized ones or the critic himself. From my experience I learned one thing. AVOID DUMB PEOPLE. Never work for dumb people. Never work with dumb people. No matter how beneficial for you the deal is (or seems to be) so far, if you notice that people you rely on are dumb, just quit as soon as you can. Dealing with dumb people almost always backfires hurting you financially and psychologically. I don't say that you have to quit as soon as somebody around you does something dumb, but you definitely should quit as soon as you learn that someone you rely on is dumb, even if he hasn't been dangerous for you so far. There is only one sure way to prevent all kinds of attacks involving javascript. Never emit contents of any variable to the browser without treating it with htmlspecialchars() (or equivalent) first. If you want your users to post formatted content either don't use html for formatting (use something like markdown) or parse the html to tree, and run it through whitelist filter that will let through only tags you want to pass, only attribute values that you want to pass, and only values of attribute that you want to pass (defined by narrow regexps that dont allow such thing as background:url(javascript:)). To sum up never mix other data types with html (kept in static places like template files or read-only database tables), unless you are absolutely sure that they contain html you want to display, either by htmlspecialchars-ing them (safe and fast general policy) or by parsing and whitelisting (for cases that you really, really have to allow some html). Think like that and you will save one dollar in computing power during normal operation and lose over nine thousand when you'll be forced to clean up mess after xss worm attack. Maybe it would be more useful to declare what types of exceptions method handles. Declaring what types of exceptions methods (throws|receives and not handles) should be optional. The way it is now is too much work and too little gain in typical setups. > The string conversion issue was brought up because I think it is an excellent case of 'programmer knows best', but the exception causes the whole dataset to be rejected, not just the one record out of 3.9 million that were fine. The programmer first has to know that he has to make decision what to do with partially wrong input and there is no better way to let him know than throwing exception in his face. Then he will know that there is configuration option that will let him to go around the problem one or other way. Default option in case of any trouble should be exception bubbling up with information what can be done to avoid it. a() throws Exception; b() throws Exception; c() throws Exception; eeeverbody() throws Exception; There, I dealt with exception handling. The more you have, the more you waste. If you have a lot of your working hours available, there is a greater chance that you'll waste them on useless crap like freaking out and stubbornly making useless misguided things. It's better to be a bit lazy and treat your work as scarce resource and think about ways to allocate it better. > That's like saying, "Much more important than breathing is having a beating heart." According to modern resuscitation guidelines this is actually true and meaningful statement. > Working hard does not guarantee success, but it improves your chances. Not a bit if you are doing the wrong things, as you may learn from many startup failures. > They don't want to accept the fact that there may have been guys that could outdo them, but didn't bother. I guess I was one of these guys too. I perceived striving for best grades as inefficient use of my time. I remembered interesting things automatically, I memorized things useful for applications of interesting things with bit of effort. With the rest, I didn't bother. For much effort on my side reward would be very little if any, so I was satisfied with any grade I got, as long as it was passing grade (it was not always easy to get, lack of interest and reputation in the subject sometimes makes getting passing grade really hard). I believe that striving for best grades can have significant mental risk because some things depend only on chance and there is nothing more stressful than seeing how your hard effort becoming pointless by silly accident of teacher being in a bad mood. That changed a little bit in college. There I was satisfied with grades that gave me grade average high enough to get highest merit-based scholarship, because I always liked getting money for something else than my time. With this strategy I ended up as one of 10 best graduates. Along the way, when current school topics aligned with my interests I was getting highest grades. In case of C++ course after spending week on reading interesting half of Bjarne Stroustrup's book, on tests I was pointing out the mistakes in test questions, and providing two answers, one according to intention of the question writer and other according to exact erroneous phrasing of the question. The grade I got was something like A++ (no one else got it) and it was illegal so on later occasions it was counted as A+). When topics diverged from my interests other people were doing better. I wasn't jealous of them because I was never interested in competing with them on their ground and I was pretty sure that on grounds that were important to me they could never be significantly better than I was. When I think of this now I never actually felt good about beating them in my domain. I felt that if they were as interested in these things as I was they could achieve similar results as I did. All software that someone wants to be protected by copyright should have source code publicly available. That would be exact equivalent of standard patents. If you publish all the details of your invention you get temporary monopoly on manufacturing it's copies. If not then you get no protection. > The same reason as copyright – to protect innovation. Does the innovation need protecting? And if so then protecting from whom? Would copy-pasters do more damage to innovation than lawyers do? Grading on a curve is a strange idea. It completely destroys incentives for pear to pear learning, that was very important part of my college experience. I learned a lot by explaining material to my peers. It would be much harder if there was something as discouraging as grading on a curve. Also third point seems valid. In software any change can be made technically at any stage, at cost of work hours (that can be sometimes priced as low as 0$ in case of unpaid overtime) and the software quality. The quality is hard to quantify. You can tell apart perfect from usable from unusable, but software very rarely achieves perfect quality and usable software has fair margin from being unusable so changes rarely bring easily noticeable degradation of quality. But changes do have cost. Developer time has to be paid one or another way eventually and degradation of quality raises maintenance and bug fixing costs. All this has to be (and is) factored in the price of the software. On the other hand I think the first point is completely bogus. Computers are extremely cheap. Before personal computers I'd have to buy very expensive manufacturing machine to provide such value with so little work. If I had no money to start with I'd be forced to work for somebody who had capital to purchase the machine. I might never be able to afford one myself. Actually software is extremely cheap because computers are cheap. Software that costs zero could not be possible if computers were expensive. In my country (that fortunately is not third world but also not the first world exactly) I can buy decent (not high end) computer for my monthly developer earnings and I consider this to be really cheap. There is no other machine so cheap that could provide me with way to produce so much value. chan anons could probably refactor this into some foul meme Maybe you are being downvoted for spelling cheap as cheep or maybe some programmers feel offended by your "cheap programmers" that sounds degrading. "Less affluent programmers can buy cheaper PC's" sounds better. I always wonder: "How can they enforce such laws without putting police officer behind everybodys back 24/7 ?" and if they can't why do they come up with such laws? In my opinion that's exactly why SETI has not detected any signal. There is a very low probability that two civilizations will be using radio waves for few exactly same centuries (even taking into account birthday paradox). Civilizations just few hundreds years more advanced than us probably routinely use cheap neutrino based communication channels. Sadly even if we can detect them they will be probably multiplexed, compressed and encrypted so much that without proper (impossible to guess) algorithms they will be indistinguishable from background noise. Looking for radio waves in space and sending them is almost as dumb as making big fire to create huge smoke signals for aliens and using looking glass to spot same kind of messages from aliens in the sky. I also implemented for my purposes backup scheme that deletes older backups in order to keep backup density inversely proportional to age of backups. Does that mean Apple can sue me because they came up with the same scheme and patented it? _In the corporate structure the to do list doesn't appear at the "C" level._ I guess nobody at "C" level has actually anything that he has to do. These people just wander around dreaming solely or collectively with similar people and/or yelling at subordinates. Look at biohacker42's comment. Autodesk theoretically might raise it's prices since there is more value for customer in item that can be sold when it is no longer needed. > Maybe at the time this was a fairly unique idea, but now it's common place for many many websites. It would not be if Eolas could help it! fail early, fail often ;-) "[x] early, [x] often" is nice rule. Why not apply it to failure? So much like me, especially my deficiencies as free-electron are painfully obvious to me. What's even worse, I'm a loner so there's no one to compensate for my deficiencies. Guy is whining that Google dared to clear up some of the mess of book copyright that was hurting human knowledge preservation and dissemination. He thinks that since Google is rich and can spend money on what they want then whatever they achieve is cheating. He perceives that any endeavor Google decides to spend their money on indicates a precious market that they want to monopolize. He somehow not manages to take into account that before Google took its shot it was a messy desert. To paraphrase Nancy Kress, question is not who should be the repository of such public trust as knowledge. Question is who can be. And it seems that Google is first to stand up to this task. It just shows how dumb are large organizations. Single human being doing educated guesses can be smarter than corporate entity. Great leaders perceived efficiency is effect of two factors. One, they manage to actually strongly influence what happens in their organizations. And two, they are not dumb. At least one of these just must be false for Steve Ballmer. Static typing gives you 'redundancy of meaning' solution for a fairly rare and not especially harmful, or hard to detect by other means, error of holding some data types under identifier that you meant to hold values of different type. It's a hard solution (vide generics and all the redundant typing) for minor problem and it cannot justify its existence on such basis. For me static typing is just a hack on the side of compiler guys to make their work easier for them. It was claimed to have benefits for programmers at later date. > Why do so many people talk about youth as some sort of idyllic time in one's life? I totally second that. Youth consists of people telling you what to do and hitting you without any consequences for no apparent reason beside their own amusement. For me things started to lighten up during college. At last there was almost no boring things to learn (in comparison with previous stages of education) and virtually no homework drudgery. There were fewer interactions with people that were likely to assert dominance over me just on basis of formal authority. Vacations lasted three months. You didn't need to take notes during most courses, just xerox them from someone with better handwriting week before final exams. After college life got even easier. I just have to earn enough money to keep myself and people I care about alive. The only struggle I have today is to build wealth generating system that makes money for me without putting in additional work so I can relieve myself from the last obligations. Paying bills is easy, acquiring and keeping job if you are educated in something useful is also easy. Politics you can withdraw from. Disappointments are spread through all life and they are more harmful when you are young and emotional. Being forced to learn boring stuff on daily basis for 10+ years (that actually longer since you are younger) while coping with your emotions and huge amounts of people you meet is far more hard then anything in adult life. If you positioned yourself so well in life then accumulate wealth, wait for retirement and do whatever you like then. There is never too late to become entrepreneur. Being successful entrepreneur is about hiring guys smarter then you anyway so age is no barrier in becoming one. I'm using language without static typing for most of my work and I can hardly remember any bug that was caused by having wrong type of data in unexpected place. I remember very well redundancy of using language with static typing, I know how much boilerplate code is needed in languages such as java, and how complicated can generics become in C# if you want to achieve fairly simple architectural things that can be concisely expressed in dynamically typed languages. I don't think that's the case. You praise us for having unmatched aptitude for understanding complex systems. While it's probably true, reading such open praise made me uneasy. Strengths do not balance weaknesses because understanding thing fast and thoroughly does not help me to finish what I am building before loosing interest. Sometimes you have to pull off any dirty trick you can google on yourself. Strapping myself to chair with trouser belt worked for me once when I had to do work for customer but my brain constantly zoned out away from drudgery and was raising my body from the chair and sending it to kitchen to look for something unspecified. > He rejected the idea that unrestricted access causes overuse, calling that "nonsense promoted by insurance companies .... There's nobody I've ever met who gets their pleasure by seeing doctors." In my country where medical care is completely free (only medicines cost but they are often partially subsidized) there is problem with overusing doctors time by old, lonely people that just want to talk a bit and meet person that is concerned about them. Of course 100$/month price tag would drove most of them off. Funny thing is that there are ideas in my country to introduce personal health insurances to get rid of ... long waits for some procedures and wasting money. That must be interesting problem if two antagonistic solutions fail similar way. That's the way it's organized in my country as well. You have to go through GP to see any specialist (with exception of dermatologist, urologist and perhaps few others). It sure helps to save specialist time but there are public complaints about wasted GP time. Maybe the trouble in my country is just lack of money for medical care. Not really. It takes less than 10% of your income and it's almost completely deductible from income tax. Main trouble is that you have to wait long for some procedures (but not for general care), and that doctors and nurses as government employees periodically go on strike. I recently mailed short set of logins and passwords to my old customer instead of my current customer. Source of my mistake was that these two people shared both first and last name. Fortunately I felt uneasy and double checked to whom actually I sent the email, and after noticing mistake I promptly changed passwords and sent them to the right guy this time. For some time it is. You can be well for some time just with the oxygen lingering in you lungs and in your blood, as long as the blood is circulating through your body. Right. Because who could build a successful company selling soft that can do some math priced at thousands of dollars? Isn't the math free? People who would buy nice mobile interface for wolfram alpha are not the same people that buy "paper toss". > The game is however slowly rising up the charts (e.g. top 100 apps in Japan) I wonder if any of these can be due to a buzz generated by people playing game for free? I modern harsh world you have to give away a lot to actually sell anything. You can't sell a newspaper without DVD. You can't sell DLC without giving free client to anyone who wants it. You can't sell a game without giving cash to advertisers or free pleasure to pirates. You choose what you prefer but pirates will get what they want anyway. Because they can. And where do you place huge amount of interesting innovative flash games available completely free? Why the thing that keeps them from occupying the same quantum mechanical state by holding them apart (like in neutron stars) is not called force (the fifth one)? That's actually quite funny that we call 'fundamental forces' only the forces that we can't explain the source of. Most open source software is created with the purpose of making grandiose amounts of money, but rather for fun or for showing off. But it's still business and lots people make a lot of money out of it. I'd say first rule of programming is KISS. It kinda includes your rule. Maybe it's just involuntary reflex. I met someone who said he works as admin and complained he can't find a job in the town he lives (he commutes more than 4 hours a day). I couldn't understand that, but later in conversation I learned that he's a windows admin. Then I had the eyebrow rising involuntary reflex and everything became clear to me. Windows admin skills are kinda useless in town where most companies can't afford to use MS solutions where good open source alternatives exists, let alone employ many windows admins. Not in my country. And if they do they don't have money to hire administrator. Son in law of the owner can usually take care of things well enough. Funny how those kinds of calculation fail to take into account how people were slacking of before twitter and facebook. I guess there wasn't articles titled 'Reading newspapers at work costs economy 2bn' because offline slacking off is harder to monitor. Shouldn't something be done about the way we work to get real and take into account that human cannot concentrate on boring tasks for 8 hours a day without breaks? Watching windows logo while your computer boots up is kind of waste. You already bought up this windows thingie and won't be buying another one for a couple of years, so why not present you with Big Star logo or Mc Donalds or something else. Pausing your boot up process to show you the commercial is completely different (complete no no) thing. Actually having apple logo on lid of your laptop is also a waste for the same reasons. Jobs should strike a deal and put Mc Donalds logo there. Lazy and dumb programmers are ok until they discover copy-paste which unfortunately happens very early. "What's the word for bribing people with their own money?" Discount. Nice case study of what happens when delivering software is left solely to corporations. The trouble is that as engineer or researcher you have to actually do some hard, useful things. As for financial sector, so much money is floating around these guys that they can earn exorbitant wages almost effortlessly without having any skill at all. I guess people claiming they can predict future always earn disproportional amounts of wealth without doing anything useful. That is as long as everything goes well. Squeeze this free-riding and casino mixture that is called financial market a bit and you will have plenty of smart people available for hacking physics as they loose incentives for hacking money game instead. I overshot myself a bit with "without having any skill at all". I meant "without skill that they must had to get comparable salary from engineering type of job". Also I didn't mean CRUD jobs because they are probably same as everywhere else. Smart person with a bit of social aptitude can pass them fairly fast. I don't think that during work you would be using skills that you were tested for during interviews. Any highly profitable branch that does not require skill has to have high barrier on entry. Because if not, soon all people would d it, and that would make it less profitable. If job actually requires skill then barrier of entry need not to be so high because lack of skill will quickly become apparent anyway. For example barrier of entry to my college was fairly low (it was technical and not many people actually wanted to get in because math is hard so the college set their barriers fairly low to not put people off, this also probably had to do with the way the school was financed). Semester later one third of the students were gone. After first semester only half remained. > At Microsoft, a new PhD in computer science makes about $90K, while Microsoft pays newly-minted lawyers $140K. And the gap grows after that. That really shows who brings beacon to MS. :-) I encourage all people who enjoy seeing lots of bikes on the streets to visit Florence, Italy. When you are there buy bike for 50 euros and sell it for the same amount when you leave. There are literally hordes of bikes parked everywhere. In this city crowded with tourists you can safely ride a bike though dense crowd, and leave your bike anywhere next to fifty other already parked there. Of course bikes do get stolen as everywhere else so locks are obligatory, but herds work for bikes as well as they work for herbivores. I have a friend who studied econometrics. They learned quite cunning math during their courses. Trouble is that they didn't understand it. They didn't know where it came from or why it works. It was black box to them. What is more this math allowed to calculate things according to one of many competing economical models which none of have been proven in any way to be actually true. It's all fine at the university when you research models, but later on the job it's completely useless. These people perform calculations on daily basis that they do not understand as a form of cargo cult. Later I had a pleasure to work for econometrics professor and his PhD employee. Even they didn't understand all the math they were using. I'm sorry but I am not proper researcher so instead of pieces of evidence I have only experiences and thoughts most of the time. But I still want to share them with anybody interested. Math requires a lot of memorized knowledge to solve anything interesting. Without knowing the right theorems to use in the proof you are trying to compose ... all your efforts might be futile despite having excellent problem solving skills. Math uses mountains of knowledge derived over many years by hundreds of the smartest people in history. You just can't physically repeat their work for the purpose of making your proof. You just have to know what is known so far. For me one of the most fun parts of educations was non-organic chemistry in primary school. So little to learn and you could attempt to solve problems that twisted your brain like a pretzel (and succeed). I could solve problems my teacher couldn't because I was probably smarter then him and we both knew the same about the problem domain because it was all that was to know. It could be easier to understand if instead using z-Transform they shown that you could do better numerical second order integration if you take few previous points into account instead of just one as in naive method of integrating twice with forward Euler integration. Of course purpose of this lecture was probably not to make you understand what you are actually doing while numerically integrating, just to teach you how to put this stuff into simulink that has z-Transform as one of it's primitive building blocks. I was always annoyed during college how math notations occluded what was actually happening. I always had to translate math to common sense. Translate derivatives to speeds of gain, gradients to slopes, vectors to movements and so on. Only then I could understand why given theorem actually might be true (and useful). I could often spot some error in lecture during this process. Unfortunately my peers were most of the times not able to do the same (at least not in real-time). I think much more general understanding could be achieved if my teachers could stand back from math notation and do some hand-waving more often. Smart = Intelligent + Having a lot of domain knowledge It's as simple as that. Being intelligent can also make transforming information to knowledge easier. If you have high IQ and still are stupid that must mean that you don't pay much attention to the domain that you are stupid about. > Bugs in the application resulted in garbage in the database that wasn’t discovered until a couple years and terabytes later. One of my colleagues had the joy of spending 6 months as “data garbageman” cleaning up the database. Cleaning up should be faster. It's strange that thing A is optional but without doing thing A up front you can get yourself in a mess such hard to clean up. If thing A is optional cleaning up the mess resulting in not doing thing A and having bad luck should be much easier. Db guys tend to overlook interesting problem how to get out of the mess. They just have pie in the sky rules and if you don't use them all and get yourself into trouble then it's your fault so suffer! Mr. X got fired because Dustin published his email. What reasonable man could publish somebody's email in which author bitches about his corporate workplace and expect not to get him fired by this? Corporations perceive them selves as saint. If anyone complains about the smell in their cathedral he gets kicked out. You can probably get away with such offense if you are customer but never if you are employee. Another question is: Is money worth so much to justify visiting such smelly place daily? It's actually quite funny that they fired him for violation of NDA. It's like an old joke that someone got punished for disclosing military secrets after he said that general is stupid. With longer eyeball you don't tire muscles in your eye by looking at close objects so it's actually a gain not a loss. I'm attributing my ability to look at screen for 8-16 hours per day, every day for last 15 years to this. Of course progression of myopia is very bad but I think it can be almost completely attributed to wearing corrective lenses. If your eye elongated to adapt and you trash benefits of this elongation by wearing glasses without changing you lifestyle then you encourage further elongation. Before I formed my theory about myopia it progressed already to the point where I couldn't look at computer screen without glasses so not wearing them for most of the time is no longer an option for me. Three years ago I bought myself new glasses but now I started noticing that they are no longer adequate when I have to look at distant objects. They are of course still perfect for watching computer screen. My plan is to buy myself new ones and use them only on occasions where I will need to look at distant things. For other needs I'll still use outdated ones. That kinda reminds me how when you upgrade hardware for your webapp new features quickly crawl in that utilise the hardware. They might not be needed but they become possible so they come into existence. To reduce amount of bureaucracy you'd have to pick some work-consuming area of the operation, make it obsolete by government act and fire all the people that were doing that work so they will not be available for other tasks inflating them. To avoid their complaints you should still pay them salaries for few years but allow and encourage them to find themselves another job outside government sector. First of you are already burned out so make yourself two year holidays to rebuild your strength and relationships with the people you care about. Surely you must have accumulated enough wealth by now to afford such things (of course this will require cutting down on some expensive stuff). After two years start freelancing. Eventually build a startup. Live happily ever after. There is a very long way form audiophiles to people who delay giving hastily developed precautionary drug against illness that has 0.02% mortality rate on diagnosed patients. Audiophiles are just people who pay vast amounts of their expendable money for feeling well. They are just plain stupid because if they changed their friends and forgot the audio thing altogether they'd feel well at no cost. Cautious parents just show reservation and that is not stupid at all. Especially taking into account in haste preparations of the vaccine, major amount of money that is going flow to pharmaceutical companies and information noise generated by the media. You don't want to be early adopter of potentially buggy solution if your kids health is at stake. > PS if I was marketing the swine flu vaccine, I'd name it after a kid who died last season and put her picture on the release form. Ah the old "Buy our stuff or your kid will die like this one" pitch. Always works. I just say that mentioning audiophiles and swine flu vaccine in same article makes me uneasy. And not acting on something you hear in media is neither stupid nor irrational. Are there any means of knowing if your opponent is cheating in online poker game? How can you be sure if he is not supported by bot or if he hasn't some means of influencing what cards are dealt or knowing what cards have been dealt to you? Is there some poker specific cryptographic tool for that or you must just assume that system you are using to play is completely secure? So basically you just trust that poker sites do not have backdoors? That's not something I'd bet my money on. I was wondering few times after encountering concept of artificial neural networks why people use them as they do. One or two layered perceptron taught with back-propagation has just as much to do with how brain works as anything. Why don't people just build network of simplest possible silicon based components with bounds that remember whether they were recently active, and strengthened if a moment later it occurs that reaction of a network to a given stimuli was proper but weakened if it was improper. I bet you could teach this kind of network anything if it consists of enough elements and density of connections is sufficient and you can counter in period of random component discharges to simulate sleep and thus avoid overlearning. Brain architecture, chemistry of synapses are just implementation detail of this general idea if your have to build it out of biological cells. > Your proposal dismisses just about all we know about neurons, and ignores all we don't yet know about neurons. Yes. That's because I think that the things we know about neurons are mixture of recipe for great adaptive control system and implementation details of this idea in biological hardware. In fact I think that most of the things we know are implementation details (although valuable form medical point of view and intrinsically interesting). > Reproducing such simplifications in hardware, as you propose, may result in products that find a technological application, but don't advance our understanding of brain computation. I agree. I don't claim that such neural network can help us understand how brain works. But I bet such simplified artificial neural network could learn how to walk, run and jump maybe even see - as good as a child. > You'd be hardcoding a battery of special cases. I think that you are referring to my statement about sleep. I believe that sleep is not special case of anything but essential thing for any neural network learning. I have not heard about single organism with neural network that does not dream (perhaps with exception of one human being, Ngoc Thai). I interpret hallucinations resulting from sleep deprivation as symptoms of neural network over-learning. I think that periodical disconnecting of neural network from sensors and actuators and letting neurons discharge randomly is essential for proper learning. > While we expect the brain to be hardwired in some regards, its agility and flexibility are mighty. I think that specialization of some parts of the brain for some tasks is just minor optimization. I draw that conclusion from the fact that young human with large parts of his brain missing can grow to be perfectly fine because other parts of the brain train themselves to replace functionality of missing specialized parts. > Your model falls short of emulating even our current limited notions of brain computation. True. But I am not striving for modeling biological brain. I just want to build new brain in silicon. Evolution is simple idea obscured in details by strange biochemical hardware it has to run on. I believe that same is true for neural networks. > Unlike games like chess or backgammon there's currently no AI / bots that can beat no limit holdem or omaha. The University of Alberta and others are studying the game but it will be some years yet before we have a poker equivalent of 'Deep Blue' beating the best players in the game. If I were successfully researching poker bot I would not go public with this. It seems that discovery of this cheat was mostly due to the newbness of the cheater. If skilled player possessed backdoor access to poker system and used it wisely, peeking in only from time to time when it's necessary and might go unnoticed he'd be rather undetectable. I was amazed when Google released Chrome (the browser). One day there was nothing, the other day there was web comic explaining dream about the browser and the next day there was the browser itself. How could they build a web browser in complete secrecy without anyone spilling a word about it to the public? I didn't know it was possible in times when even government documents make their way to the web and copyrighted movies are routinely published as torrents days before their premiere. FusionGarage won't be developing this themselves. They will just covertly sell full documentation to some Chinese company that will manufacture it in huge quantities for Asian markets at first. We are going to see CrunchPad in few months from now under completely different name. > Truth be told, if just a name and perception of gender creates such different levels of respect and income for a person, it says a lot more about the world than it does about me. People who succeeded and think that they own it all to their skill, persistence and diligence should read this. Being lucky on some trivial things like name or gender may have affected your success more than you think. It's also supported in PHP preg_ functions, but instead (??{$regex}) you write (?R) I'd really hate to belong to last mortal human generation. > Despite years of trying, making programming languages look more like English hasn't helped people become better programmers. That's because human languages are geared towards interactive communication not towards describing problems and solutions precisely. That's why computer languages resemble rather precise math language. I don't like idea that you should keep inconvenience in place to keep of idiots. Idiots won't succeed anyway but inconveniences harm professionals and novices. Maybe PHP is too easy but mysql_real_escape_string() is too damn long. And that's why web is full of SQL vulnerabilities. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBUc_kATGgg I dedicate to you the 4-th verse of this song. War machine sending data through unprotected channel? In XXI century? After two world wars and a cold war? How? I am really glad that I've read this. I plan to build a bit unorthodox website and I was intending to use PayPal for money transfers between the users. After reading this I am almost sure that my PayPal account would get suspended at any decent amount of popularity. Can you point out some other alternatives? I was thinking about money bookers. Does your bank reject payments to your account done with moneybookers and you have to explicitly remind your bank that you want those payments and then everything is ok? Eat food. No too much. Mostly plants. 'Mostly plants' refers to the only piece of diet world that has been proven by science. If you eat more plants you have lower risk of many severe diseases. That's all we know about diet for sure. The rest is guesswork and wishful thinking. To my knowledge there were numerous studies confirming that eating plants often lowers risk of diseases such as cancer. Maybe you can achieve similar effect with some other precise diet but eating mostly plants is the easiest way to improving your health and lower you calories intake. Waking up in the morning is living against bodily clock in my case. I go to sleep when I feel sleepy. I wake up when I have enough. My sleep time usually somewhat overlaps with nighttime but I can occasionally skip a night by waking later and later in subsequent days. I eat when I'm hungry. I should have serious health problems by now according to any chronotherapist. I'm sorry. I don't really care enough about eating to do a research on it. I just cited advice I've seen lately because It was just as verbose as in my opinion it should be and was in line with the things I've read earlier. > I think you've misunderstood - the argument is not to keep inconvenience in, it's to avoid taking things out which aren't actually a problem in practice. I really don't know what can be kept because it's not the problem, because I tried to get into programming and I succeeded. All barriers were passed. But the same barriers that I've passed without noticing may effectively discourage someone else. Programming language is just UI of the complex automation system. It should be as easy, clear and intuitive as it can be. In my opinion same general rules should apply to computer languages design as to UI design. Designing good language is not about how to enable programmer to use hashmap (or whatever) with fewer keystrokes but how to make a man that has never seen a hashmap before to know at first glance that it might be solution to his problem and how to use it. > Therefore any attempt to turn a programming language into English is not going to address the real difficulties of programming Turning words into English is not gonna help much. But finding metaphors for programming concepts (for example dictionary instead of map) that are less mathematical and more similar to concepts encountered in everyday life might improve accessibility of the programming world. I also think that computer should try to guess what you mean by what you are writing not give you a finger over a missing semicolon or quote. If there is ambiguity in what you have written he should ask you additional questions to establish what you want. > It's like making a bike easier to ride by gluing the rider to the seat - sure it's technically "harder to fall off", but the problem isn't usually the rider falling off the seat - it's the whole bike falling over, taking the rider with it. I see simple programming languages and systems more as a training wheels that protect you from falling off with the bike and never trying again. They introduce you to concepts of pedaling and steering so you can get some fun out of this activity and eventually teaching you how to keep balance by not punishing you too severely for loosing it. > Likewise, the hard part of programming isn't remembering precise and finicky syntax - it's making sure your own thinking is precise and finicky enough that you can accurately express it in such a finicky, precise language. Right. Even if you know exactly what is the datatype that you want to define you may have a hard time expressing it properly in C even if you are pretty good novice programmer. That is just anecdotal example of syntax that can be obstacle even for smart people. We might have no idea what syntax might be obstacle for less mathematically inclined. > I'm not arguing in favour of long function names (I'm not entirely sure how you got that from my post) - Sorry. I mentioned PHP and that particular function because PHP is often perceived as too easy language that enables people who don't get the programming concepts to program and make a mess. I strongly disagree with that notion. I think that PHP's popularity is due to some very good decisions simplifying design (like single datatype to express various lists, dictionaries, arrays, lack of need for conversions between strings and numbers, run and forget model without long lived server side entities) and it's security issues are due to some very bad design decisions (one of them being the one I mentioned). > I'm arguing against people who think that by changing "print('Hi there');" to "print 'Hi there'" they've somehow solved the problem of "programming being hard to do". Claiming that such operation solves the problem of "programming being hard to do" is just silly because making programming easier is much harder thing that involves some real research on how people learn how to program. But I think that this improves things slightly. Every unnecessary operation that has nothing to with you goal and lies between you and your goal is bad. Same as in UI design. All this ( ) ; is strange crap for graphic designer who wants his Flash flick to go to given page after clicking on it. > What you really mean here is that humans are complex and adaptable and have a theory of mind, whereas computers aren't and don't. That exactly what I meant. > This, however, is not a fault. I work in web development, and I see every single day confusion and problems caused by a mismatch between what someone asked for and what someone else understood they wanted. Coming from the same environment I also see how this confusions are avoided. And that is by direct fast two way communication that does not end too soon, talking, drawing pictures, pointing fingers and prototyping. I imagine same solutions should be incorporated in programming environments to make them more accessible. When you don't get what someone said, you just say to him what you understood and sometimes what he might meant by saying that and he agrees or clarifies until you both are sure enough that you share the same idea. That kind of dialog might have place in programming environments. Code completion and parameter hinting are very crude and silly attempts on making such dialog. Despite their silliness they are immensely useful. > When you're writing computer code you should specify exactly what you want - architects don't design a house by drawing four walls and a roof and some rough, to-the-nearest-metre dimensions on the back of an envelope, because then houses would fall down and kill people. I just think that architect should not necessarily need to be all human. Some technical details can be worked out in dialog between human and machine. > The main problem is that people are lazy, and think in generalities. That is the problem but thats just how humans are. Even programmers. It's not gonna change so things should be designed in such way that allows people to be lazy, still got the things done and not to hurt themselves. > That's fine for socialising, but many things in life require precision (especially in our increasingly-complex society)... and lazy people used to relying on implication and inference find it a great effort to be as precise as is required. This effort comes more easily if you can clarify things step by step and not have to be perfectly clear from moment zero. I think current programming environments seriously impede designing solutions to problems because they require precision too early and do not infer enough in proper way. > it's for people to learn to request what they actually want, instead of asking computers to essentially "do some stuff with a thing". It's not gonna happen. It lies in biology. Organisms always try to achieve goal with least possible effort. Progress is not done by making slaves not lazy but by inventing steam engine that enables lazy people to do more. > It's not a question of success of communication - it's a question of imprecise requirements, lossy communication methods and inescapable rules of information theory. In my opinion programming is about forming exactly same idea in two places, programmers brain and computer hardware. Designing a program is part of programming and computer should play more active role in this part. That is horrid. After comparing human to human conversation and bot to human I feel like goal of conversing with computer is so far away. People communicate through such narrow channel. Few words, almost no grammar and they still can stay perfectly in sync. If bot tries to imitate the style it descends in pure nonsense. If it does not it still seems like it's not capable of understanding anything. I think another approach would be to ditch grammar and just build some kind of word and word combinations associative database fed with extensive memoirs of single person. If bot spots a question it should respond with closest word combinations found in database. Also it should remember what was said and use it as a context while seeking for answer. Right, but it's still winning the game. If you don't start by copying single human you will always end up with patched up Frankenstein like creature that can be easily discernible from human. Besides, mind is just big lookup table with simple, not very effective reasoning engine and desire to fill in the gaps in the table. I highly recommend reading "The Drunkard's Walk: How Randomness Rules Our Lives" People perform worse than monkey while predicting random future events because they search patterns everywhere, they think they 'figured things out' and they choose less randomly which is not a good idea if you are betting on truly random event (such as raise or fall of stocks) since by not betting on outcomes mistakenly identified as unlikely reduces your chances. Investment advice: 1. You can predict nothing so don't play short term and don't watch the stock market information, it doesn't help people that spent entire life trying to predict stock market even a bit so it won't help you but it will take a lot of time and will trash your emotions. 2. Buy whenever you have money. 3. Sell whenever you need money (and by need I mean REALLY need). You may postpone buying a little bit if you see declining trend and loosen up a bit on 'really' in 'REALLY need' if you stock is currently worth much more than some time ago and tighten it up if you lost some money on your investments, but I am not sure if that does any good or harm. You can read interesting things about FOXP2 gene here http://seedmagazine.com/content/article/the_evolution_of_lan... Finding about dolphins not mentioned in article: Dolphins have names in dolphin speech. Sequence of sounds unique for each dolphin by uttering which other dolphins that know him might call him. Interesting. Men have more variance in aptitude but there is same amount of boys and girls in math olympics (in countries with gender equality). That might mean that people able to achieve olympic level of math skill are actually abundant enough so small random pick from all available people with such potential does not show differences. Thank you. I should have realized that differences in standard deviations can tell almost nothing about differences in number of far outliers. > (Also, from what I know, too, the selection processes of countries like Romania, Bulgaria, Russia, Ukraine, Hungary, China, and the USA are anything but a random pick. They can be quite grueling, actually.) I didn't mean that getting into Olympic is random pick from general population. But since not every person that is able to achieve Olympic level is in the Olympics (some smart students might not care, some not so smart teachers might not care) it is kind of random pick of all who could theoretically pass the grueling trials. I second that. You want to cripple pirated version of your software in specific, obvious, maybe even fun way. The Sims had such protection. If game was incompetently pirated then player could not kill cockroaches in the game. It was specific enough so when people googled for some info about cockroaches they were finding out that the cause is badly pirated version. Some of them might have bought legal version. Others just looked around for more thoroughly pirated version. But every one knew game is good and solid. Maybe this tribe has small mutation in FOXP2 gene causing impairment in comprehension of typical human grammar. EDIT: Maybe not. > Gordon ruled out mass retardation. Though the Pirahã do not allow marriage outside their tribe, they have long kept their gene pool refreshed by permitting women to sleep with outsiders. Unless this mutation is dominant. > A Pirahã child removed from the jungle at birth and brought up in any city in the world, he said, would have no trouble learning the local tongue. I wonder if they tried that. This is one of the reasons that open source is great thing. If you encounter bug you may go as deep as you need to. No inaccessible black boxes in your way. When I encountered bug using MS software in my projects I could go only as far as their bug tracking site that had my bug an it was more than year old. This happened to me twice. On the other hand when I found bug in prototype.js I could fix it myself. They even accepted my patch and included it in future release. In practice annoying bugs can be caused by few easily understandable lines that no one bothered to look into so far. I can't wait to turn it into webapp framework. There is no better tool for improving government image that terrorist threat. It's objectively pretty harmless threat that can be medially inflated to such great size that control and security provided by government will seem absolutely essential for all citizens. I can't think of another harmless thing that will make having government along with army, security and spies appear equally useful. War is good at justifying existence of army but it's devastating so should be avoided at all costs. Cold war was playing nice for few dozen of years but enemy collapsed. So now we have terrorism. Good thing is it's much safer for us. There is no correlation between gun ownership and murders because if you want to kill someone and plan for it you have fair odds of succeeding even if you use rolled newspaper as your murder tool. On the other hand there is a correlation between gun ownership and homicides because killing human accidentally is most easily achieved by use of gun (maybe I'm wrong and the car is best tool and gun second best?). > All I have to say is that if it wasn't for the miracle of Christianity, we'd be on %@#&ing Mars by now. Amusing comment. Some time ago while looking at some painting in Florence depicting Ascension of Jesus I had following idea: Time travel is actually physically possible only very hard to come up with. Christ was rouge time traveler who wanted to pose as god (like in 'Behold The Man') and got himself into a mess. Angels were rescue team that were to revive him and bring him back, but unfortunately the myth that our unfortunate traveler had started screwed up development of human thought so much that development of our science was delayed and took completely different path, far away from any ideas that might lead us to time travel before earth will be totally forgotten (Asimov's foundation like) or destroyed by future generations. Since Jesus and angels that took him will land somewhere in the future there actually might be second coming. Sort of. i hope we will be able to compare notes on development on human thought then. I'd say that greatest data structure in all languages is PHP array(). It's actually an ordered dictionary with default implicit natural number keys. Efficient enough to represent concepts such as arrays, sets, queues, stacks, trees, graphs without bothering with hashtables, linked lists, reallocations and other underlying data structures tailored for specific purpose. Author assumes that his friend didn't realize that he is at loss with the case which is unlikely. There are people who prefer to punish others that in their opinion misbehaved event at their own expense. Pleasure from punishing misbehaving one is greater for these people than loss that was necessary to deliver punishment. Money is no less virtual than pleasure from single person point of view. I ran linux on desktop for close to a decade. Things I've learned from it are invaluable to me. I came from windows where I learned all that user can learn about it, which was not much. I switched to linux for anything else than gaming and Visual Studio jobs and lived (more or less) happily ever after. When I first touched mac two years ago I was angry about the UI that was completely counterintuitive for me. When I found console things brightened up. I thought "Hey! It's linux inside, only packaged as annoying toy." I could even set up nat when I needed it. It was only a bit more complicated than in linux. I haven't found any killer apps. When it died on me recently I wasn't really shaken. I just felt bitter about the money. Few things to outline my perspective. I'm a programmer, I don't like paying for hardware more than its worth. I don't like paying for software. Joins don't scale. The drift from desktop software to software as service (usually free up to some capacity) is a good thing for linux because it fills some gaps in availability of some useful software on linux. Personally I had far worse experiences with commercial software than with free software so I am not especially eager to see commercial software on linux. I think on linux commercial software has hard time competing with the software developed open source way. From the standup I've seen: The reason the caveman were skinny is that before they could eat meat they had to chase it for few days and kill it with a stick. This reminds me universe of Culture novels. I fully agree with you on everything you said here. Nope. I honestly think that that this is one of the main reasons PHP is popular and is able to power even the most complex websites with ease. Before PHP I did Basic (Atari), 6502 Assember, Logo, ACTION!, Pascal (Kyan, Turbo), C++ (Turbo, Borland) , Java, C#. After PHP I did JavaScript and Python. First I've met PHP-like arrays in awk and was astonished with its versatility. I still believe that data structure that allows person to make a queue, stack, tree, even graph easily without knowing any theory and planning anything is one of the greatest things I've encountered in programming languages. I am very dissatisfied that python does not have standard ordered dictionary and strongly differentiates between tuple, array, set and dict even though they provide just overlapping subsets of odict functionality. I've read this few years ago. I felt like this guy crept into my head, teared out my personal exact believes and published them on his website. Other Android phones are to Nexus One as Firefox is to Chrome. If Google does the same thing as you do it doesn't mean it doesn't love you anymore. It still will cooperate with you and it still will pay you. It just wants to try out some things but they don't want to force you to try it for them. Nexus One is to smartphones as Chrome is to browsers. Nexus One is to android phones as Chrome is to Firefox. It's not a revolution, it's not instant blockbuster. It's just Google trying out good things as always. Amusing idea but theory that underlies calculations is full of unreal assumptions. Let's consider spherical cow in vacuum instead. Are you sure your lock can't be opened without trace (bumped)? Car lock can be easily destroyed. Locking your car when you have nothing valuable inside may cost you the lock. That was in the case of my friend. Also possibly window if interested party has just a stone on him. Aversion to grind is why I prefer Diablo 1 to Diablo 2. First one is hard enough to be adventure. Second one is just a grind. My aversion to grind might be also the reason why I don't seek daily job. Insurance will pay and raise your insurance premium because you become higher risk person. In my bank one time passwords do a very good job. Of course I rather avoid doing banking from windows. Great. Now I just have to find someone to pay me for reading internet, ranting and solving problems of my choosing. Corruption. You pay 100k dollars to few government higher ups to back up your case then you can sell lots of 40k dowsing rods and no one will argue because higher ups can't be that foolish, right? An if they are you can't say this out loud. Especially because this is about security. Important stuff. You may have to do some sciency talk that no one will understand or verify but all will revere. Tamiflu is being purchased by governments for exactly same reasons. You just have to grease the wheels then you can roll like hell. That's quite horrible. That means that people of power consists of two groups. First group built of individuals thinking they deserve power, who take much for themselves illegally and other group of individuals thinking that they do not deserve the power, who perceive immoral actions of the people from first group less immoral then they actually are. Juvenile? That's a real problem people face every day because some designer/programmer failed to foresee it. This automation tool is a way to deal with the problem the way that user can understand. Sure ifconfig is superior way to do it bu it's beyond reach of most users. This kind of gui automation tool is something that empowers normal people to get around their problems. Yes. I was reporting realization that came to me after reading this, not the results of the research. My opinion is of course simplified (there might for example be a third group of people in power that don't have opinion on whether they deserve that power or not who behave like rest of general population and judge morality of acts closer to average judgment). What struck me that part of people who have power, those who have high moral standards for themselves (possibly induced by feeling that their power is undeserved) might tend to overlook immoral actions of their peers just because of some glitch in our biology. There are two services. One is producing unique content and second is delivering content to people who are interested. Traditionally first service was paid by establishing monopoly for second service and channeling disproportionate gains from providers of second service to the providers of first service. Since second service became ubiquitous (anyone can provide it at almost no cost and without involving anyone else except himself and his customer) it became virtually impossible to uphold this model of financing creative work. Of course no one gives away old ways without putting up any fight, especially if old ways brought him mountains of cash, but all antipiracy campaigns are just futile attempts to play against the market that due recent developments in communication technology made coupling used in the past infeasible. There are new ideas (new for the industry) how one can pay for creative work. Some are advertisement based. Some involve entangling content to services provided by server that is under complete control of party who has deal with content producer. Some (dumber ones) involve closing up content delivery process by limiting capability of device. Some things turn out to be more profitable some less. Market adapts to advancement of technology. Some people are not seeing money that past experience led them to believe they deserve but that's just the way life goes. Technology giveth, technology taketh away. There is very funny comment to this article. I sincerely believe that it is ironic. "I've never liked Linux. Firefox is faster and more reliable. Less buggy too." Funny thing that under the article advertisement for this appeared: http://www.ideal-case.com/demon-silicone-series-case-for-iph... > They figure the only people who won’t want an iPad are people who don’t like magic. Now I understand why I don't want one. I don't like magic in my reality. I prefer tech. "Any technology that is distinguishable from magic is not sufficiently advanced" so Steve, round up your engineers and send them back to drawing boards because everybody (apart from apple marketing) can still see the difference. Third verse of this song tells all about the homeopathy that is to know: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBUc_kATGgg What is more: More expensive placebo works better than cheaper one so price of homeopathic remedies is in some way justified. I don't think that privacy in this case is all that good. If there is a law that you could break without knowledge and without harming anybody then this law is against common sense and should be abolished. Upholding privacy as a way to get around stupid laws is like suppressing exceptions in computer programs so that errors would not manifest themselves. Because no one is bothered there is no incentive to fix it. When it comes to laws we don't need privacy as much as we need common sense and latitude. In short term you are right. But in long term you end up with buggy law system in which you know you can be prosecuted for your daily activities. Such system is fertile ground for corruption ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1063485 ) and straight way to totalitarian state when you always know you've done something that can put you in jail but just hope authorities won't find out. That significantly limit your incentive to oppose activities of the state. That's exactly what I'm talking about. Silly laws exist because they may not be obeyed. Citizens get around them, enforcers get around them and the message never bites the policy makers in the ass - the people that are responsible for this mess are often not even aware that they made a mistake. So I am claiming that loss of privacy that I perceive inevitable in face of modern and upcoming technology is not necessary bad thing because it may create the demand for fixing some stupid rules that may cause some of us harm. > I'm not sure that's the case - the examples I gave indicate that when you force employees to abide by bad rules, they just start acting badly. If there is a strong asymmetry between law makers and people who must respect the law (such as in case of employers and employees) people will obey because they have no choice. But even then they will vote with their legs leaving environment that is governed by stupid laws. In case of state and citizens in democracy there is no such strong asymmetry because government must maintain appearance that it works for the people. > it's quite possible that the reason the laws are broken is because they can't take every situation into account, not because their authors were stupid. Same thing with computer programs or any complex system but it should not stop us from striving for improvement and inventing tools that may make such improvement possible. I think that surveillance is one such tool that allows to monitor how much harm enforcing given law can cause and may lead to fixing the law. Slowing to 2-3 ft/sec. is different from coming to a complete stop because if you stop, you must start again and it takes few seconds (especially if you don't have automatic transmission) and that's the reason you don't do complete stop even if when you should. That few seconds might save your life. That's the reason Stop sign and Right of way sign are two completely different things and you are required to do a full stop at Stop sign. I think that takes much "free" from "free market". Why can't buyer do whatever he wishes with the item after purchase? I wonder to what building codes are shanty towns built or trailer parks. I wonder why government won't go bother them. I think obligation has to be actually paid up by the receiver for the transfer to be effective. They are not that stupid. > Sokolsky has calculated that at 3×1020 eV, even a single proton could travel no farther than 10 megaparsecs I wonder how fast proton looses energy (due to interactions with photons of background radiation). How much energy it would need to travel to us from edge of observable universe? Particle have (very short) wavelegths associated with them. It might be interesting to observe larger amount of such high energy photons coming from same point in the sky especially if there is a black hole near their path that could bend it slightly. Maybe we could get some diffraction patterns. ... yeah I'm probably insane. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultra-high-energy_cosmic_ray As a kid I wrote AI for snake in Atari Basic. I was very proud of it since it played aggressively and when you moved your snake close to its, it turned to get in you way when it was sensible. That kinda illustrates what I mean. You can effectively perform legal action against single guy who was smart and rich enough built huge castle for his family (and probably did it smart way), but you can't do anything effective to protect people inhabiting most dangerous buildings because you don't have tools to enforce building code on them. Periodical tearing it down doesn't do anything good. I have a question for physics savvy hackers. Can you point me to some description about how it is possible that anything has ever fallen into some black hole despite infinite time dilatation and space compression at event horizon? Sorry for departing from topic of the article but I thought about it much and have doubts about holographic principle being valid if event horizons don't grow, so I wanted to make sure that they do. I don't think that there was any mention that error rate was dependent on manufacturer. > Some naive intellectuals want to abandon copyright altogether. It's more like "Some are abandoning copyright altogether." now. > Dress Suits As soon as they make suits incorporating Polartec and Goretex I'll think about wearing suits. Until then I prefer my comfort over pretty much anything. I make exception only for funerals and weddings. Can you as us citizen register company in Canada and provide your services in US? Is there anything against it? Import tax on services? In my country there is a problem with employers forcing their employees to fictionally incorporate, so employer can save on social security (in case of 1 person companies social security is not associated with actual income, but can be paid in low minimal monthly amount, of course lower monthly social security payments means lower retirement benefits which is not good for fictionally incorporated employees). Our IRS equivalent decides that incorporation was fictional if former employee has 1 person company, has only one client and this client is his former employer. If you have multiple clients and none of them hired you before you started your own company then you are safe. This is interesting but I'd prefer to see mathematical proofs explained verbosely line by line in this fashion. Transition between two lines of mathematical deduction can be denser and more cryptic than any verse of any rap gibberish (not to mention more useful). It's not about swear words. It's about lack of any meaningful content. Just bragging, trying to shock by disgusting and being an asshole to everyone, especially woman and police. Instead of thousands rap songs you could have only two: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqXi8WmQ_WM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC03hmS1Brk Wow, touchy. Don't Tell Me What I Can't Do! ;-) (sorry 6-th season just started and I'm somewhat influenced) I listen to rap music. I've heard hundreds of songs so I'm at least order of magnitude less experienced rap listener than you. I often like the music and interesting music tricks. I think rap music is averagely innovative and pleasant to hear. I can even quote some fragments of lyrics (surely not as many as you) but that's not because I like them. It's just because when you throw shit at wall some of it will stick. As for educating myself no one can know everything so I prefer direct my physically limited learning capacity at different subjects. If you have free capacity I'd like to interest you in a thing that I consider clever lyrics: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zmfo-eL9VKc I don't want to enrage you or continue this discussion. We have just different tastes. I'm writing this because you phrased your suggestion in a way that you seem to be expecting an answer. The song you suggested is a nice song. In a summer radio kind of way. Like an average pop song. Reminds me of "Save Tonight" (which btw I consider much more awesome). Lyrics are good especially if you are slightly detached from real world an in "sad reflection on life of some people you've never met" mode at the moment of listening. Sorry if you took my comment as offensive, that's my last one. Is that more effective than burning natural gas in turbine? EDIT: In the movie there is a statement that it is twice as effective. Another question: How much a natural gas turbine of the same output costs? There is a claim in the movie that Bloom box uses half of the natural gas that would be required to produce same amount of energy in the power plant. If that's true (even if it includes price of energy delivery and income of energy producers) it's really going to be revolution in energy production. Especially considering how much energy is currently produced from natural gas. I think "Infringer!" sounds really malicious. I could imagine Hollywood B-type movie with this title. They claim that it's twice as efficient as grid. But this might take into account losses during energy transfer from power plant to receiver. Infringe 1. To transgress or exceed the limits of; violate: infringe a contract; infringe a patent. 2. (Obsolete) To defeat; invalidate. Hmmm... This name might actually backfire if second meaning was to be brought back from obsolescence. I think that this covers majority of funny movies. Couldn't you just pin it in place with hundred steel ropes or something? I don't suggest hanging it on strings just pinning it. Hundred was also a symbolic (a lot) rather than real number. Is no Chinese! Is dang robots tha took'ar'jobs! > When I buy the dead-tree version of my local newspaper, I have no expectation that it should be free. I don't buy newspapers and I'd be insulted if cafeteria that has those papers lying around would charge me for reading it. Are there any research that indicates that presence or absence of copy protection has any effect on sales?