Facebook definitely sounds like a decent place to work. Them and Google are places I hope to take influence from if I ever make it to having an actual physical office space :P I always think it's a bit of a shame when a smart innovator doesn't have a business head on his shoulders. Apparently Mr. Lee says he doesn't have one: but I dont buy that :D posting his ideas to Youtube was a very smart move... (I loved that video when it first appeared!) Sadly I dont see Ubuntu doing that any time soon (I could write an essay on how much I dislike Ubuntu's UI!). It's just not a "glamorous" part of the OS-making process (IMO it's the great stumbling bloack of all modern Linux distros...). Agreed over the luxury branding of Apple though. It will be interestign to see how they fare over the next 18 months. Although with that said the Ipod is (probably annoyingly) one of those luxuries that isn't a luxury any more - so that should keep them going. For what it's worth: I use OSX, L8inux (all sorts of distros), XP and Vista daily. And personally I find Vista WAY above XP in terms of compatibility and stability. But then this is a circular argument - because it is totally dependant on individual preference & experience. For me Linux and Vista are both not perfect and both have their (equally annoying) niggles. I use Vista for gaming and general use at home and Linux at work (& at home as servers and other uses). I always thought that the founders had done it themselves (in fact I am SURE I read a book about the beginnings of Google that said so explicitly). Actually it left me a bit disappointed to find that it had been "designed" :( Google always used to make me feel (as a crap graphic artist) that Home-brew logos COULD go a long way. I think Gnome have got it right - your correct, they are just lacking the pretties. But I think Ubuntu (and other distro) teams haven't made use of the Window managers well at all. Menu's, applications and other bits and pieces are just too confusing for the average Joe user. UI extends even beyond the windows themselves. As someone commented I think Linux devs are waking up to how important UI and user interaction is. But - It's a mess, and a hell of a job to fix - No one with the proper expertise is involved in the projects - It's not a glamorous thing to be doing (compare to "cutting edge" stuff - There seems to be this ingrained anti-M$ vibe that means no one can take influence from them. ?? UI is one thing M$ tend to do really well in Windows. They spend a LOT of money researching it..... This is definitely good advice. We went to several VC's and received fairly unpractical offers (well not unpractical: but it felt like they were trying it on for as much %age as they could get). Trouble is if you play hard ball with them they seem to lose interest fast (I guess it's easier to go with other people who'll just take the cash as it's offered). In the end we went with private investment - and I;d advise others to do the same. Yeh there is a lot less money in that area BUT if you get a few people invested then it cuts the individual percentage any one investor might have (always useful) and also means (with the right investors) you'll have a more personal relationship with your "money" :D I see where Bruce is coming from. But I quite like self: it's an explicit reminder every time you write OOP in Python about the idea of classes & instances. Incidentally I'm one of those annoying people that often will use this instead of self (because I find it more readable.. at work I am famed for my efforts of trying to write code in "english" :D). Self is also useful when your passing the class around. It's easy to see where it is heading all the time. It will be nice to see the "you forgot self, you fool" error made explicit. When you switch languages a couple of times a day it can be easy to forget :) (PHP to Python switch is the hardest!) Ah gotcha! That is wha tI was thinking of thanks. @IsaacSchlueter: I know what you mean (it's one of those logos that just "describes" the brand without any support). Yeh - killer features are a big bonus. Thing is they are cool to work on - and so quite a few seem to work appear, pulling people in. With OSX and Windows that's fine because IMO they have that extra level of ease and Usability that a consumer OS needs. Linux doesn't have that left - I bet a lot of people drawn in with a gimmick are left struggling with it after a few weeks... I still maintain that Linux is lacking a simple UI to pull it into the mainstream (ALL Linux not just Ubuntu). I dont buy it. Greed is the major problem: bigger risks for higher rewards. I think both sexes (in that situation) would suffer pretty equally... I kinda agree. Certainly go for a job you want - and not the brand you want ot work for. But I think the atmosphere you work in is important too. I couldn;t see myself working for a company wih strictt working times, for example. Or in an evironment that was too "stuffy". umm I really dont think this can count as new research. I kinda assumed everyone new this already! Although I guess it's nice to see it confirmed.... I dont know. I'm 21 and am just kicking off my first major startup. I dont really think I am ready for it. I think a couple more years in-work experience (only een employed for 6 months out of university) would do me good... :) I assume you are US based? In the UK there are govt agencies called "business link" which will gve you free advice on startups and getting your business off the ground. They can give you quite a bit of info related to laws and accounting. I assume that in the US there are similar initiatives (though you might have to pay). As to employing someone? I'd say it comes down to how much admin time you want to spend on the company - or rather how much you can spare. If you find yourself becoming too much of a manager and lose the ability to drive the project forward (IMO essential in the opening stages of a startup) then it might actually be more beneficial to employ someone. Plus of course if you can employ someone experienced for 18 months then that is 18 months where you get to see how it is done and pick up tips & tricks from them. (after which it might then be economical to do it yourself). I have been quite lucky. My father has run his own firm for a number of years - which is quite small (so he does all the admin). As a result he knows a lot about the books, accounting and legal aspects (if only on a small scale). In the end I decided to go with an accountant - but only because I have a friend qualified from university who is doing it on the cheap :) (if you don't know anyone like that then go befriend them! :D) Hey, Well my personal circumstances are by the by: they were an example :D My point was really more that you should try to talk to people with experience (face to face, not just here). A half hr to an hr conversation will probably get quite a lot of stuff straight. Considering your situation it's a bit hard to give advice. Do you actually have a product to bring to market? Are you at a stage where you a) need funding or b) can begin to sell. With my startup I worked with a team of friends for about 2 years before we formed the actual company. We all had day jobs or university and so we worked in our downtime bringing our idea into fruition. Now we have an almost marketable product and are at the stage where funding is essential: so recently we took the step of forming the company and searching for funding.Until now it was an unecessary need. If your not selling or bringing in cash for funds then I would advise avoiding forming any legal entity. The only thing I would say is that it might be worth signing some kind of partnership agreement between you and your friend. I'm sure things will be fine but if you fall out (it's so easy) it is best to know exactly where you stand in terms of what individually you can take away (ideas, code, etc.). As to the final part of that post - regarding getting out if the startup fails. That is incredibly country specific. You will need to get some advice: either from a lawyer or from a public body (if they exist) as to your exact options. In the UK you could, for example form a Limited Liability Partnership (where if things folded you only have a small personal liability) or an full on LTD company (where there is no personal liability). I assume similar entities can be formed in China (though I DONT KNOW). I think the best advice is to hunt for someone locally who can tell you your options in that case. If your entering into contracts with other companies at this stage (note not just selling - actual contracted agreements) then you DEFINITELY need to consult professionally. It shouldn't be too expensive and is worth it. If your obtaining funding and are presented a contract ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS take it to a lawyer before signing. :) Good luck! One other point is how you plan to account as well. If you want to do it yourself you'll either have to put together your own system (that is EASY to use - trust me that is essential) or invest in a commercial package. That can be expensive - so it might be cheaper to seek professional services. If iti s only a small company you might be ok just keeping a general book (income, outlay, expenditure etc etc.) and keep all receipts. Then at the end of the financial year take all that to an accountant and pay him to get it all written up and submitted. That is how it works in the UK (and probably costs around £400-500 depending on the amount of work involved) - I dont know if that is the case in China but it is worth investigating. Usually there is no formal requirement for a small startup to keep regulated books - just to have some form of accounts the tax man can request at any time (it;s more complex than that but, meh, essentially all that ya need to know :P) BAD SEO is bullshit. Well thought out SEO as part of a larger scale site impact consideration is AWESOME :D fair point :D :( I thought that was a succint evaluation.... There are plenty of bad SEO firms out there who have no clue about what they are doing (and often do more harm than good to a site). Also SEO is seen as a fix-all solution - which it really isn't. But SEO practices are an essential part of any website design, refresh or update. At the end of the day it's just a buzzword that creates a market for selling their knowledge (knowt wrong with that of course!) I'm npt going to try too hard but.. you gave plenty enough info there to track them down (assuming I dont just have to se google :)) :( sad day IMO. OpenID is a nice idea but fatally flawed in the grand scheme of things. Unified accounts are GREAT. But OpenID just isn't the right way to go about it... I knew Google was moving towards this but I always hoped they would see sense before actually going for it fully. Disappointed in them for the first time in a LONG time! (Bear in mind I think it's a great idea) Legally speaking if the game (or whatever) doesnlt make 100% clear what is going on ("we are going to be using your CPU") then I'd say it's very shaky territory. Also I am pretty sure that in a lot of countries you would be pretty much required to either have a splash saying "click yes to play this game and work some units" or have a workable opt out (I dont know if that exists??) I'm still not convinced the 2.6.27 kernel is stable enough. Our .27 test cluster (various distros including U8.10) has numerous issues that just ARENT fixed yet. I always hate Ubuntu .10 releases :( even when they call it "stable" is usually isn;t and we see a huge increase in (client) issues... The 8.10 releases tend to be more "experimental". I dont think it's advised to actually run a day to day system with it :) These moves by the big players are of major interest (some would suggest worry but I don't think so yet) at the moment - because my startup (:D) is actually along the same lines. To be honest I think OpenID is less a standard now and more a Buzz word. Everyone is doing it subtly differently. Also of course you have the problem where some ID's will be "worth" more than others - just because of the provider. The original concept of OpenID was awesome: everyone could have a page/url identified as theirs and theirs alone. And they could use that identity in all sorts of places. The trouble is the execution was bad and so these larger companies are now jumping on it to twist it into their idea of a single sign on. I think FB Connect is a much better system personally. But not the best. And then there is us :D we're creating a single sign on & social networking site that is designed on a trust basis. The one thing I dislike about OpenID is how decentralised it is. I dont see the issue (personally) with having 4 or 5, trusted, ID providers who manage all the ID's. This gives consumers the choice of who to trust their "ID" with. But it also means the 5 providers collaborate together in a way that can't be "trust poisoned".I'm hoping that's where we come in.... Well I'm not a huge Ubuntu fan but I run Linux on a pen drive as my (main) personal OS now and couldn't recommend it more. Anyone else (programmers?) use a portable USB OS? How long before this is the norm? I sympathise over the Wifi issue. Had many similar issues. I always consider 8.10 of "cutting edge" quality and never bother to upgrade our day-to-day systems for a couple of months after release (sometimes we even wait till the next .04). As you say it's not worth the issue fixing headaches :P Agreed though: the package updates are nice. Umm kinda depends. If you have 1001 apps open (especially ones that hammer the filesystem) then yes. Mine I use for programming & email so I have maybe 10 apps open maximum and it runs perfectly fine. Saving is a little slow but not hugely noticeable :) Agreed I'm new here and it has happened to me twice already. Ok so the first time was a bit blunt and when I qualified it with a reply it got upvoted again. But the second time I didn't bother (even though I basically made the same comment further up the page - on a slightly different slant/discussion) and it got upvoted. It always comes down to the users and their whims in the end :P This place is a lot better than most :D Not a bad idea (TechCrunch's last gasp?? dare I suggest??) But not a great start when the first bio states: "All my investments to date have been in friend’s businesses. I like investing in people I know, respect and trust. I don’t have time to review pitches from people I’ve never met before." So whilst it's interesting to hear about the guy it's no use for anyone on the look out for angel's to pitch at... :P Quite a handy benchmark. I used it a while ago to work out what to consider "strong" in terms of passwords for a web app we created. Working in security I'd consider some of the calculations bull and I know it doesn;t take into account advanced attacks (like rainbow tables) but it can be a good rule of thumb IMO. If they can cut jobs rather than raise (too much) more money then they probably should. Spewing money that fast is BAD all round (and no amount of shoring investment will help long term). Either they need 2 or 3 years capital or they need it fixed now... Cut hard and deep now, refocus, reassess and build on current revenue streams. But they wont.... Argh! This question is distracting me from my work.. see what you have done :D I agree with the others: find ways to enjoy what you do hr by hr. Part of my day job involves analysing up to 1,000,000 images at a time and categorising them (that many images takes around 3hrs with our software). That gets VERY boring: what I do is set myself targbets - so I say "at 40,000 I will read my mail". Only when I get there I say - oh just another 5,0000. I developed a very usfel OCD-like thing of not beign able to stop until the "done" number reaches a precisely round number (which nevert happens :D) like 10,000 etc. :) Try something similar: set short targets after which you will break - but then extend them. Set targets and what time you hope to reach them by; but make sure you will easily make it in the time you set. Then say "oh well in the time I have left I could do... xyz". Keep setting tiny targets till you can't face it anymore and then lose yourself in the net for a bit :) (until you realise you should be back at work). I have found that forcing work in this way for 2hrs then breakign for 20mins gets a lot more work done :D That's quite ironic/amusing :D I remember 8aweek - and I did the same thing (turned it off). At the end of the day it is too easy to click "sod off let me in anyway" (which is what I do to the anti-procrast feature here :D). Heh that is a neat looking app/site! Never come across it before so thx. (amusingly googling for "rescue time dashboard" pops up with this page as the top link :D) I think that Botanists tend to also be very good climatologists by necessity :) so he is probably fairly experienced in the right field. Certainly he makes sensible points. Yup your correct. The WPA crack has been about for a while. The older WPA algo's can be broken totally given time (mostly to collect a LOT of data - something like 4 to 20 million packets sometimes). We couple a small laptop used for collections & injection (to generate data) with our cracking cluster back at our office. Given about 3 or 4 days of activity on a WPA network it is usually possible to get in :) In terms of coWPAtty: we are work on high level corporate networks that are usually immune to that kind of attack. We use full on brute force rainbow tables with some custom ideas / programs (obv can't share much of that). In it's simplest form we have 8 file servers, 1000 nodes and 2 head servers. 150+TB's of rainbow tables. Basically we combine the shortcut of rainbow tables with intelligent analysis of the packets and the brute force of the cluster. For WPA we use some of our own techniques to intelligently make use of the data that gets sent back. Usually we can start to work on the data after 1 day of collection and it can be possibly 2 more days before it is cracked (depending on the other work running on the cluster) Currently we have 2 specialists employed who are working with me to find ways to break the time down further (with great success) and I am also currently testing and cycling up another 9,000 nodes to add into the cluster. By early next year we hope to be able to turn up at a location and crack WPA networks in a days work :) In terms of economy it is not great (working on that) as your looking at about £5-8,000 outlay just to break in - but for speed I believe it is unmatched. Bear in mind ofc this is not representative of what a hacker could do. The rainbow tables (for all our decryption not just WPA) have taken 8yrs to make so far (on around 5000 nodes) and we still have about 2yrs more work to do on them. What this article talks about is a shortcut technique but ultimately I dont beleive it will lead to an inherent weakness which can bypass the need for our type of attack. But what it will be useful for is forcing the network to generate traffic :) Hopefully sometime next year we should be read to deploy our full AES attack - but that (based on current testing) is going to require a LOT of nodes (possibly pushing 25,0000). Gotta love googles sense of humor! I also have sleep problems: though not so extreme (I sleep fitfully and often cannot sleep for a whole night - maybe once or twice a fortnight). The advice from swombat is the BEST you will ever get. DSPS is, as noted, incurable. However you can train your body to ignore it with serious discipline (or rather train your body to a decent sleep pattern). I'd hazard that your age (24 right?) is amplifying your symptoms/problems. You only need 7hrs of sleep a night (some people can manage 6) to be rested: the key is getting some REM sleep in there (my main problem is that I sleep in 60-80 minute cycles and deep sleep usually doesnt start until 90mins into a cycle). If you sleep deeply when you DO sleep then you will probably be ok. Have an extremely strict bed time schedule. So at 10 (perhaps) begin to wind down. Have a bath (I find this to be the best thing) for 20 mins. The sit and read a book (not in your bed) prefferably a boring one - I am hugely well read for my generation because of this :D. At 11 (dead on) lie down and dotn TRY to sleep. Relax and clear your mind - think of what your plan for the next day is. Build an itenary and imagine how the day will go. Whilst you do this breath very deeply. You should relax and fall asleep. If you find that your still awake after 45mins (30mins is not unusual for the amount of time needed to fall asleep!) then get up, walk around gently for 10 mins (or read).Then try again. In the morning have the alarm set for, say, 7am. When it goes up get up - no snuggling or whatever force yourself out of bed w/e. Then have a really good energy breakfast and do some exercise. This will clear the "sleepiness" out of you (which will make you feel sleep deprived when your not). Other tips. Make sure you snack (healthily :D) through the day to keep energy levels up and your metabolism going. DO NOT eat a big meal any closer than 3hrs to your bed time (so if it is 11 then make sure dinner is well done by 8pm). Drink plenty (of water) through the day but avoid drinking it before bed time. Also avoid cafeine like the plague (this will keep you awake fort hours if you have even a slight sleep problem). You could try herbal remdies to help sleep in the evenings (I take some now and again when I cant relax) or eat foods like cheese etc. in small quantaties about an hr before bed. It will take work and you might feel rotten for a week or so. But eventually your body will adapt to the correct sleep pattern. Also get a second opinion: DSPS is often a "get out" clause for sleep conditions :) I was diagnosed with DSPS a couple of times before they got ot the bottom of it. My specific case is that I have sudden releases of seratonin in the brain (the stuff that chocolate and sex generates :)) so I go hyper for short spells - which wakes me up or keeps me awake. It does wonders for my creativity but can destroy sleep patterns :) A lot of your issues are probably also down to being young (I am around the same age and a lot of my problems are gone now simply through discipline). Get rid of those and you will then have the core of your sleep problem laid out reayd to address :) It will be tough - so good luck. But with a LOT of discipline you'll make it! I've been looking at something similar (not on that scale admittedly) recently. Either I would go with a generic cloud service to host on (which should scale to handle your hits) such as EC2. Butthe cost could be astronomical. Or you could go with something like 3tera & the custom cloud solutions and make your own server system: I'd say 4 or 5 servers behind a load balancer. However w/o knowing more about how data will be stored I cant advise on how to keep the database under control. A million database writes per min is not going to be pretty - even a million reads per min is going to stress it... give us some info on your DB architecture and the process / requirements of those hits and someone will be able to advise more I am sure :) (Edit: as a hint your probably after somethign like slave db's and memcached - have a look at how Wikipedia handles their data) Always run your web app past the dumbest person you can find (or a few). As DA once said: "never understimate the ingenuity of complete fools" They will find errors, bugs and dead-ends that would never have occured to you (or your semi-savvy testers) in a month of Sundays :) Keep your old boss happy (i.e. dont just quit to start a startup). If mine goes down the pan I still have my old job (within reason) to go back to (in point of fact I am still working there almost full time, but the points stands :D). nearer dinner time here :) I've come across him quite frequently. We once had quite a long discussion on his "career" (all I can say really). As far as we know he has given up with his career (and the terms he gave it up were really encouraging!). As someone who spends quite a lot of time attempting to "rescue" kids from the cracking community to bring them into the light of the hacking lot I think it was a wonderful statement that he posted. Very positive. There are plenty of crackers & facebook crackers about. I was even targetted once. The BEST thing people can do is educate others as to the danger and try to nip these sites in the bud (I think most are run by members of his old gang) as they spring up. Leave the tracking and case building to the pros :) (edit: or rather the ones with the legal backing to do so). @trickjarret - crackers please, not hackers :) a lot of people here are hackers (me included) and prefer not to be branded :) Of course you do - maybe not as end users... but it a fool (sic) can use your app then anyone can. Rule 1 :) I'd suggest you need to think out your colours a little more. The orange and black is nice: but feels a bit bland. You probably also need to break up the content on pages a little more with some coloured backgrounds :) Personally for me the font is not that easy to read either: but I realise that is subjective :) neat but hardly killer. Yes they have the handiness of true realtime updates (and I am not denying that isn't a huge feature) but that's hardly a unique feature (or wont be for long). But then the rest of the UI / feature set is far too bland :( at least get some code highlighting and stuff in there. Also in our short test earlier it didnt handle mass deletions & editing very well (if I deleted a block of text as someone was adding to it merry hell broke loose :P). IMO a nice demo of a cool idea but badly executed enough to be no real use. Make me a real time white board and THEN I might take notice :D Which is a desktop app... ;) yeh I have to agree there. I know what you mean :D that would be rather cool Thinking about it (going back slightly) there are not many situations where I see anyone actually coding with others in REAL time. Perhaps on hackathons (actually it would be ace for them) or suchlike - but for real work I doubt it would work. So the big selling point is gone: and there is nothing else to support it as a useful app (when Google docs has 100x the features). That said I hope that will change in the future because it is rather nifty :D Tongue in cheek perhaps but very true! Never underestimate the power of publicity stunts :D (hmm). Although of course if he did run GM then they wouldn't be in this mess in the first place would they (though Im not sure I'd want to drive a care branded "Virgin".. only comes in white :P). Sharp commentary. Take it further: he is probably not running GM because you cant make it profitable. Very true! I've customised the Graffiti view + tag colours to produce something I quite like. But I definitely didnt like the new "default" (the older "classic" was a lot cleaner) fair point I suppose (making Virgin atlantic pay was certainly no mean feat :D) Very true! I've customised the Graffiti view + tag colours to produce something I quite like. But I definitely didnt like the new "default" (the older "classic" was a lot cleaner) ^^ seconded. Cheap and easy. Pay for a landline # and get a Skype enabled Wifi phone and your made :D Why? In all honesty I've never seen it done your way before. Lighter=weaker impact=less. Darker=stronger impact=more. :D Especially as your using red! light red / pink is a very wishy washy colour and the darker reds draw the eye much more easily. I found the site a little confusing (like the others on here). Good concept - needs tweaks in the execution :D Like: - Needs plain english (no jargon) - Explain what everything means(I still dont quite get what the clusters are and how they work). This page is probably your best! http://www.babynameclusters.com/map/ nice and clear and intuitive. The clusters page really needs a map. The graph can be a little confusing? no? docuwiki is also http://www.dokuwiki.org/dokuwiki Well, having experienced plenty of recent death in close family / friends. I found it quite an insight and got what he meant... All of the vitriolic outcry against something that was insightful but misguided (and badly worded) is just a little staggering to be frank. Excellent comment - I share pretty much the same thoughts :D you put it so much mor eloquently than I could manage! > So, is News.YC a gathering of friends, where we speak frankly even if it may offend? Or a PR event for promoting our projects, where due sensitivity to all potential listeners must be observed? I suppose it's somewhere in between. Excellent appraisal ^^ I'd like to think more of the former. If I asked for criticism of a project here I'd hope for (and expect) frank assessment. Someone's brand of humour might not appeal to everyone here: but at least try ot respect it! The question is. Do I upvote that and look like a dick for apparently celebrating this fact. Or downvote it, look good, but add to the negative karma! Abstain :( At which point his lawyer would phone up and tell him what a pillock he was, how open it left them and to please use the damn boilerplates that the qualified lawyers wrote :) I think before one can make comments like that you need ot have the FULL story. Unless people here are parto f the community and new the guy (it seems he cried wolf several times) you cant really pass judgement on what was said (except in some of the cases...). I also see (in the threads cache) people telling him it was a bad idea. I really doubt he was listening to any of them anyway.... rumbled! :) Considering the context it was probably not a wonderfully clever idea to link to that :( I mean, regardless of the black humor (which I find amusing) the amoung of vitriol [seems to be my word of the day that!] this whole subject is creating you've lined yourself up to be viewed either as: a) baiting or b) completely oblivious to the idea of "approriate" actions. And that's probably by both camps.... I generally avoid IDE's fulle stop - and I find eclipse to be a complete pain to work with :( I work in Python, PHP, C++, Perl and Html (if that last one counts ;)) so I find that a text editor (NP++ - win32 only sadly - is my current fav) and a LAMP/Py server setup work well. It costs more in setup time but I find it makes working faster in the long run :D (although I know for RoR/Rails it would be a bit more difficult to take this approach) Whichever way you go make sure you write out and sign an agreement your both happy with that sets out what each person is supposed to do, who the work belongs to, and what rewards/position/monies each person would be entitled to (and so on). Check it with a lawyer, sign it and then leave it with the lawyer. The guy might be a friend but it helps stops disputes occuring in the future :D (i.e. you both know where you stand). EDIT: have you already formed the company or not? I couldn't quite make that out. Well (as an example) using the PHP module importing or creating a project was a complete pain (it's not simple or logical to me). I also found it slow (expecially to close down). I just had a lot of pain with it (quite a while ago now - hence not really rememebering the specific issues :) sorry). I like the concept of IDE's - but I've never seen one that works really well. Eclipse always just felt bloated to me :( As for advanced features you mentioned: a lot of text editors (I dont know about for Java but certainly for the languages i use) have code completion (which IMO would be the most important of the 3 things you mention). "warning: eroticism unused in function main". beautiful :) We're building a big new office at the moment and this is the ideas we like so far. * go for the BEST chairs you can. Buy them first and buy plenty (I'd say the number you want plus 10% more :)). * lots and lots and lots of desk space. encourage people to move about (laptops and plenty of desktops). * white board walls are a must (we have one glass wall and the facing wall will be one huge WB) * if you have servers and suchlike pop up some big screens with "monitors" of their status on them (this is stolen from last.fm :)). We are having 3 52" monitors with open casework and urgent notices etc. on them. * coffeee bar are - is essential. A proper area not just a ktichen. Make it off to one side of the main space with comfy chairs and an actual bar to seperate it * make a meeting space out of bean bags and a low japanese style table * make a collaboration area. slightly closed in with a smart projector and surrounded in white boards. It does wonders for group work! I agree with the others - nerfball and such like is neat (and if you have an outdoor area then you should put something in) but often has a reverse impact. One better option could be to install a gym of some description. Just a few bits and pieces. Gym is good exercise (which is always good for us programmers to get a break :D) and will help make your staff more active. But it is not something they can spend all day every day doing - and also somethign they would tend to do at the end (or start of the day). Oh and you'd need a shower too probably. possibly - though the weight would be a lot less in the water than sat on the boat (aka in air) :) I'd say go for it. It's an instant cash injection and you aren't guaranteed to make the same amount if the content is posted on your own blog. You could give up blogging (or all sorts of things) for example and your blog might die off. On the other hand you get your name on a well respected, big, site. It will look excellent on your resume - and increase your communtiy exposure. In terms of making your blog the next great resource: consider if writing for dnc could help with that. DO they let you link back to your blog? In which case that could be an excellent way to drive traffic that is interested in your material back to your blog. You dont have to submit to dnc forever - perhaps a few articles to establish your credentials and drive some traffic back. Or perhaps you will enjoy mixing the 2 content streams: one fairly guaranteed to bring you cash and the other more of a "risk". The 2 could balance out quite nicely (a lot of the big bloggers write content for all sorts of places). However, if you aren't comfortable doing it - then dont. :) Even if only 100 people click through (a small number I would say...) and you only convert 50% into regular readers then that doesn't sound great. But. They are readers interested in what you have to say - and interested in your subject matter. 100 DNC click throughs probably has the same effect as 500 google click throughs :) I would click on from DNC :) trac is more a source code manager..not really a good customer service tool ;) I assumed the OP meant support ticketing software totally depends on the domain, where it is registered and so forth. Can your friend not just hand over the username/password with access to the domain? ok well YOU need someone to register the domain through, set up the domain (and tell them it is already registered and you own it) - then it depends on what the domain name is for what happens next. For .co.uk you need to get the original registrar to change the IPS tag on the domain to the new registrars value. For .com I think it has to send an email to the admin email address on the domains DNS settings. Just register the domain with your prefferred company and follow their advice / help. that sounds like rather than a generic piece of software you either need to look for a specific travel agency software or have something built to your requirements (which are very specific). (does the client need access to the tickets - or is it internal only??) yes - once you have secured the registration via that method you will have ownership of the domain and will be able to update the DNS information wit hthe relevant info. Again the exact rules are TLD dependant :) That's rather a clever solution.. i'm rather annoyed M$ came up with it first :D there is, sadly, such a thing as too simple. A nice form with: Event: Description: Host: To create your 2 URLS would probably prove a lot more popular... Ah so it was a google thing. Super - the world is sane again ;) :) Thoroughly agree with the above sentiment. @OP: I love the concept - it needs some work but it's got great potential :) I came up with a quite an ugly hack in Python for the EventScripts plugin ( http://python.eventscripts.com ). It was designed to allow you to thread a request for a web page in pure python and also timeout after a while (because threading is stupidly slow via ESP on game servers).. Code: http://errant.pastebin.com/f3d492f2d That is older code but all I can find atm. It has a tendency to crash things :P The final code had a lot of time.sleep(0) code in it too to force the threads to try and grab the GIL. Ugh :P (also for the record the hacked "kill" extension to threading.Thread I picked up from elsewhere :)) ikariam.com (I play that one day to day and it is a nice distraction :)) Gameforge (the makers of IK) do others too: such as Ogame (which is similar). I've not come across a hacker friendly one sadly: market? I dont know if anyone uses Twitter? But I find this little app useful for pushing my tweets to forums & blogs etc. where usually they dont make it. Please - comments and feedback much appreciated. And do test it to destruction :) (it's a tech demo for something more secret I am working on and it needs testing ;)) A nice idea. I like the concept. The execution is good too :D Your right pictures would be nice if you can get them in. Also I would push the content to the right and put a slim sidebar with some more info and links to stuff you can't syndicate (perhaps). One killer feature (not sure how far you want to go with the site :D) might be to allow accounts and then for us to save our favourites or memorable content for future reference (like a personal search.yc). +woot though :D definitely wouldn't call that trolling! Good feedback :) Which one? The site font or the actual bar font? any particular suggestions for a replacement? (for sites I always use Verdana or Georgia out of bad habit :P I cant remember what the bar font is - It's whatever I used on another web->image service I did a while back) Ikariam does allow some greasemonkey scripting. There is also Kronos that is now against the rules but used by a large # of people. It is against the TOS but TBH as long as you dont make it obvious they dont care about simple hacks/scripts. hmmm.. well if I can raise the cash I might go for something like that ;) Bit of overkill for a tech demo but I hear what your saying. Added to my todo list (after an ignore @replies) Just as a comment. I barely ever read the front page. I check the "new" page once every couple of hrs (and read/post al that). The wealth of information is great.. the front page has.. well.. loses it's interest after a couple of hrs of the day.. I like :) In terms of the web interfact make the "contract" appear at the top of the expanded box. Waiting to see what the mail is like :) should be good because I tend to get linked to a LOT during the day. Any way of setting up 2 or more mails? Getting a 6am shot of overnight stuff and then a 5pm "after work" digest would be v. handy :)) thumb up Hmm I see your point. Praps Expand at the top too then? The only reason I suggested it is because usability wise when you click "expand" the tweet appears and the "contract" jumps from under your mouse (and then of course if you straight away contract it al lthe tweets jump back up and.. well.. it confuses a simpleton like me :P ;)) http://screencast.com/t/gUmiZY1xC ah. bene! Looks good :) agreed :) I'll be working over the Xmas break. My personal approach is a mix of both. With my startup(s) we plan to release on a shared hosting at first (alpha) before moving to a single dedicated server (beta) and then later (assuming it takes off) to EC2 (probably). I've always maintained: if you plan to at SOME point be utilising AWS then you need to plan that into your app. All the code we write is scalable and modular - so things that wont work on the next step up can be pulled out and replaced with bits that will w/o breaking the overall system (memcached is a good example - we have a fake caching layer on top of our database layer at the moment so that memcached can be added in later :)). I do love our humor. Classic quote #2: "skipped out to the car park where a Finnish startup had had the remarkable foresight to install a functioning sauna" I think definitely these so called "conferences" are almost a waste of time.. no one is really that interested in the keynotes any more because most of the interesting people blog it all anyway.. right? It's all about networking now: and the guys right - why not do it in a Sauna whilst getting drunk! Your right we lost it... 30 years ago it would have been like that but now.. meh :( This is so true :) I love french people personally (sorta). But to admit to it in the UK is still a hangable offence you know! And us brits wonder why people dont get our humor "lets be really rude to them! good joke yes?? haw haw" ;) :D And extension of this theory is hosting your static content on Google App Engine. (aka cheap CDN for initial stage of a startup!) yes - a lot. Partly from lack of practice but also from RSI which gives me cramps :( EDIT: I'm in my twenties too As a multi language user I prefer the python style for the following reasons: - It is easier on the eye, especially when somone else has to read through & understand it - I find it quicker to code That said there are some aspects where C-style is superior - so a combination of the 2 might work well! Invent your own "mash up" style (as long as it is not too confusing). Interesting. I might look into that thx. Although the major sourceo f my problem comes from using a laptop on my knees.. so :( Oh yeh I didnt mean that at all. Indentation-as-a-divider is definitely easer on the eye than curly braces. But C-stlye has some handy bits and pieces to pick up (expecially on the OOP side of things - and also in the type-setting; though that has improved in python) That's quite a good idea. My point with braces is that you dont have to indent the code then - which is dangerous :) I have inherited a couple of PHP and C projects that have taken weeks just to indent to be readable - before i can even begin to work on them! (admittedly that is more of a PHP problem). Forced indentation makes definite that everything is obvious: addign curly braces is purely asthetic IMO :D It's my one major gripe with an almost perfect language: I spend so much of my time fighting round this problem it is silly :( Dude I totally have the same problem. I even started using the word Dude when not stoned :o I think it has a few uses. People like Robert Scoble have a lot of influence on there - and he spends a lot of time connecting people together. Which is really useful. Companies are finding it useful for guerilla marketting.. which is bad when it's spam but if done right can be a thousand times better than a blog. You also get to connect with people you never knew existed. Scoble retweeted a comment I made about Oauth and it led ot me having a fun discussion about it (and getting some new ideas etc.) with people who agreed and disagreed. We'll probably never chat again but I found some interesting people to follow and we hammered out ideas really well. And then it can be just a simple comunications tool. I love seeing what people are up to (in a non freaky way) and Twitter is more real time that a lot of other social networks out there. I think probably due to the # of desktop tools. Anyway - a month ago I would have said "nah it's a nice idea but full of idiots" now I say: it's still full of idiots but when you get past the spam and self importance ( cof john chow cof ) then there are some real gems there. :) ADA? I know it's a problem.. and I do have to get it fixed. But it's all a bad habit thing. and I am weak like that. It is getting to the point I have to do something though. too nicey nicey. It doesn't sound sincere to me. When I was applying for jobs I used to get back all sorts of crap like this.. it's silly. One company got back to me within 24 hrs with a simple: "sorry your not for us because xyz" I reapplied instantly and in the "why are you applying" space put "because your the first company not to reject me with complete bull and just gave me a straight honest answer. I trust you." I got the job too :) Rule 101 of rejections: don't be nice. Be kind certainly but tell them where they went wrong. They've already been rejected - sucking up helps neither party.... sort of lasted - the person that hired me was a good guy to the last. The CEO was a bit of a tit..... and in the end he got too involved in my department so I left. But the day-to-day people I worked for/with were trustworthy. please - twitter is actually a useful service (when you get past the big heads). Why cant this stuff stay on facebook :( yup most of the other responses I got were along the same lines as you mention. Some had some nice cut and paste "you did xyz wrong" stuff but nothing that was helpful. So people trsut Facebook but not Google. Opinion like this is all very well but I wonder how much of it is based on what the public pick up from the media. Google have been slated a few times this past year over privacy issues (personally I trust them quite a lot) whilst Facebook haven't caught the media attention much. So it's not a surprising result. Still I know who I trsut more.... Agreed. But he didnt have to patronise them with a response like that..... :) Heavily disagree. And unlike Jeremy I can rationalise that opinion! - They have no clue on user exerience. The desktop and user interface is the ONLY thing joe public users really care about. Ubuntu spends no time on it's menu structures / namings or on the design (which looks awful!). - Their package management is poor. You end up being upgraded by default to the newest releases - which is fine to a point but a) if I want to stay with an older release (I prefer the .04 releases - plus I dont trust this newer kernel) you have to fight it and b) it messes up the upgrade so much, a lot of my .04 rigs now report as .10 incorrectly... they need to fix their package trees and tagging - The user support isn't wonderful. The forums have improved but they are FAR from easy to use (as an experienced forum user I have trouble at times) and the website is far from accessible. Ubuntu has done a good job making a big noise about itself - but it's flashy, showy and gives Linux a bad name... it wont make us mainstream. I keep saying that to go mainstream Linux needs 3 things: - #1 a dedicated, funded, team to make a decnet stable base distro like Debian but without the huge waits (4month release cycle). - #2 a good UI engineer to take a look at the layouts and designs and change a lot of it - #3 some benefactor millionaire willing to promote and pay/support a distro into the mainstream. I know it is a free product but no one can trust it if there is not some sort of culpability.... Oh yeh I agree it has done a lot (some of which I disagree with :)) - but that wasn't the point of the post.. Everyone get so excited about Ubuntu and how it is "ready" for "mainstream". It isn't and probably never will be :) IMO Besides: only via criticism can it improve surely :D (Edit: for spelling) I recommend Kohana as a framework to work with (kohanaphp.com). It started as a branch of CI so is similar to that - but was totally rewritten with PHP5 support and lots of new stuff :) Worth a look. I always recommend Notepad++ plus a XAMPP installation over any form of IDE. It's simpler in the long run. As to learning: that is a hugely personal thing. I picked it up over 4 or 5 years (still learning even now though!). If you already have a good grouding in general programming you wont have a problem :) But with PHP learnign by doing is a good approach :) there are lots of snippet sites out there as well for you to peek through for ideas :D Hey, that's pretty clever! It fixes some of the issues with "traditional" mvc style routing (say in CI or K). Very impressed. Also liking the deployment and dev modes & the tools app (which is a killer feature IMO!). How far off complete is it? Sweet - well I signed up so I look forward to seeing bits and bobs in my inbox :D Smarty is simply obfusication. As the other reply suggests it adds no ease for non programmers to make changes. It doesn't add human readability. Ultimatley PHP short syntax is just simpler (especially if your using an MVC framework or similar). He seems to have built a set of tools to handle this problem. From the very brief sneak peek we got at that it looks like a killer toolset for something lie what you describe. Knowing where to head to BEFORE even opening a controller file is a big bonus :) Apart from the second to last mine are almost identical :) - Get Healthy (there is even a gym at work.. which is a measure of my laziness :() - Read the backlog of books & journals - Learn a new language (Japanese I think) - Learn a new programming language (Probably Ruby) - Start blogging again - Actually get my company off the ground to the point I can quit my day job :) This is why Javascript is such a worry. I've seen (and helped develop) some proof of concept hacks to get all sorts of data from a users computer. So far the best is compromising a users Myspace page. Another good one I have seen (not worked on this one tbh, just seen the demo) is a combination attack on Facebook and the users email address. It works for Hotmail, Gmail and Yahoo... so pretty much everyone. If your logged into Facebook and into your mail provider it can reset your password, change your mail and lock you out in under a minute.. all from YOUR computer. I imagine Twitter would be fairly similar to effect as well. There isn't a lot of information. I believe there are some white papers in progress. But the other poster is right: it is based on XSRF attacks and screen scraping. Is criticism a bad thing? If people are posting here just to get their ego stroked then there's no real point to it.. If I post something here it would be for it to get torn apart by people experienced in stuff like that. Design decisions are the main area that needs outside help and this is the best place to ask for it IMO. Nah I totaly disagree with that. Well no I dont: I just personally dont mind criticism in RL. If it comes from someone I respect I take note. Otherwise I alrgely ignore it (obviously!). If I ask for criticism (i.e. post my app here) I expect it.. and if I see anyone post an app here then I critique it. Criticism is not a negative thing (unless you phrase it as so). I look on it more as a process to feedback the experiences of others into your own personal "view". Both :) Also look into Woopra which is really good ;D Read & exercise. It's the best thign for it (esp if your really not going ot get any sleep). Steven Fry is an insomniac and he knows a lot of crap simply from reading books when he couldn't sleep. I try to go the same way :D They get there by combination: displacement, large surface area (the wings) and boyancy... I saw very little in the way of outright wrong answers (apart from the pressurized rubbish and the 1 or 2 "floats in air" answers :P)... being a bit unfair perhaps... :( It's entirely logical: you just have to think outside the box (big enough baloon vs. small enough vehicle: plus it overcomes some of the niggly "near ground" effects [why do you think so many next-gen space vehicle designs launch from Airplanes??]) The physics is there and probably workable. (EDIT: my initial thoughts would tend towards a high altitude launch of several smaller sized vehicles that re-assemble on the lunar surface... or interact there. S o for example someone above mentions the comms issue: a static relay planted on the surface interfacing with a seperate rover device would probably work well. In fact I would launch 2 or 3 of each type (assuming cost could be kept low) to ensure that you got at least one functioning pair :D) I have done the physics: or spoken to people that have. In fact I have seen a successful small rocket launched from a 100 ft high ballon platform (the physics is painful but it is possible). Other ideas like centrifuge acceleration I know have been discussed: and I personally see potential in them (Ammers & Myers, Oxford University Press, 2006 I think: I'll try and dig out a reference #). With equal respect I suggest you actually try to think outside the box before posting vacuous statements stating it is impossible.... ;) EDIT: BTW you do know NASA have recently been exploring the possiblity too.... admittedly for low earth orbit sattelites (and i know that a major problem is breaking that barrier - but it is proof of an initial concept....) The crucial data is that ballons can carry rockets to a MUCH higher altitude than planes. The reduced drag at that altitude means a lot less propellant is needed (and even a solid fuel propellant could suffice). NASA has plans for a ballon that can carry up to a ton of equipment to a height of 33Km which is pretty good! You've also missed the point of the airplane: 600MPH is frankyl nothing (4% of the speed required for LEO). The important thing is the lowered drag and kinetic requirements to get the payload to LEO. I present to you Cambridge University no less... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CU_Spaceflight And NASA are at work on a system to launch pico and micro satelites in near earth orbits. Well HN I am a bit disappointed in this "cant be done" give up attitude... I assure you it can and will be done. I assumed you'd have the initiative to follow the links and read up on CU Spaceflight.... but apparently not (hint: that was a hint). If that's not good enough then lets go with NASA... http://academy.grc.nasa.gov/2008/group-project/new-launch-te... They also have a design for a ballon to reach 110,000 feet which could carry up to a ton of equipment. I'm thinking centrifuge or "gun" launch at the altitude might go well :D I posted one, the NASA link: which is research into exaclty what we were talking about. CU Spaceflight is launching a new test flight later this year: I was told (by an ex-team member actually) that it was intended to pave the way for orbital launches. As to what I was referring to: I meant the off hand dismissal of every piece of work towards launching from Balloons... I agree sounding rockets (yes I know what they are thanks ;)) are not orbital devices - but it proves the groundwork and paves the way to more exciting stuff.. surely.. dismissing such data offhand seems a little unhackerish and uninspired :( To clarify my point... (as it seems to have got lost in the noise) - There have been no orbital launches from balloons to date - There HAVE been sub orbital launches to date - NASA (and possible CU) are looking into launching orbital devices from balloons - NASA have plans for a Balloon which will be able to carry a ton of equipment up to a "launchable" height. - My conclusion from this is that far from being impossible it is perfectly within possibility, probably with our current technology. @all Sorry to feed the trolling.. now that my point is clear I shall move on ;) :D I think the commentator is making a point about the difference in thinking he deserves a punch and actually punching (well spitting on) him. A lot of people dislike the guy (I dont care for his attitude myslef but I respect his influence) and probably waould say "he deserves a punch" without meaning it literally :) I know :) I was taking your comment as a cue too :D (alsio known as hitting the wrong reply button) but do they count as useless in this case? I have a Blackberry (in the UK) and yes this is how it works. We have, I think, EU servers so I dont know if the US has it's own dedicated servers. true: especially as the scheme would be targetted as the same set of people. Catch22 :( im surprised they didnt track down Brian May. He has a degree in the subject :P (and a deep interest) and is a great talker/interviewee! I think this is a classic case of comments being misconstrued. The decision (as made clear) was obviously driven primarily by family (as it should be). The other comments were rationalising how the Valley (to him) presents a better startup sub culture. Plus, of course, this link takes the words somewhat out of context. The original PG message clearly marks Boston as the #2 startup area - and then tries to explain why the #1 startup environment is leaps and bounds better. Each to his own... certainly calling it bridge burning seems pure sensationalism :) I have to confess that the idea is clever: but ultimately does not fix the problem. The issue, as I see it, is not so much the posts as the voting. Which varies wildly and is fairly indescriminate. A worthless but sensationalist message might get lots of upvotes whilst a shy but informative message will get missed. I suggest it is the voting practices that need to be addressed. I vote very rarely on messages (maybe once or twice a day): making my approval something "to be gained". I know others use that approach too - and I think it makes things worth much more. Ideally (IMO) a good situation should be one where a post with 5 votes should be stunningly good and 20 votes a "once in a lifetime" achievment. Some ideas... - Vote weighting (Karma or average Karma effects the weight of your vote) - Include "Downvotes" next to the total. This helps identify messages with a lot of disagreement (i.e. something with a 1 might have 20 downs and 21 ups - that is worth taking a look at). - Im not sure how you position the comments (never tracked them in depth) but I think you could try - - New comments stay at the "top" of the page for a set time (an hr perhaps?) before being ranked properly. - - Ranked posts: push all negative marked posts below -1 to the bottom. All positive stuff to the top marked on activity (a combination of the direct replies and the number of up&down votes) That doesn't totally fix the problem but I suggest it might have an impact :D As Dasil says you cant down mod replies to your comments (for obvious reasons :D). I find I can vote on comments I reply to... (it doesnt, to me, appear to be logical that if your replying you agree with the post). That is interesting... (you get my upvote :D) You could take that farther and create a "pool" of good users who vote and comment in keeping with the HN style (a pool that could, of course, grow over time) and if your voting habits correlated to them your vote began to be worth more. how do you mean by already ? I can still down mod the comments in this thread that I have replied to. EDIT: wait NOW I see :) I cant down the above comment. Ignore me :) This is a fair point. Some people are here for startup stuff. Some people for codign/programming stuff. Yet others (though probably a smaller demographic) are here for social stuff. And more. Plus others are here for a mix. Some way to tailor what you see would be awesome! not too much that each "genre" is different but enough that the posts or articles you want to see are at the top :D This kinda stuff makes me really cross/sick; as someone majorly opposed to cencorship.... It's a fairly pathetic episode and a sad description on modern religion. (as an addendum when I asked the Church at the end of the road to stop handing leaflets/preaching to my young cousin as she walked passed I got into all sorts of trouble for religious descrimination.... double standards!). /rant over (sorry) It's boycott to a point yes. But spamming media outlets with it is an attempt at censorship. It's a fine line but if the aim is to make GoDaddy tone down the Ad's to "religion approved" [sic] versions (as it seems it is) then it is an attempt at censorhip surely ;D No really it is ;) As I said it is a fine line: but read into it and their main aim is to stop them using the ads. That's an attempt at censorship (I'm not disagreeing that it is a boycott too). fair enough :) > so that everyone knows it's on the up and up and we're not secretly favoring people? Trust has to start somewhere. The people that think the above will in the most part either a) not be using your site or b) not convinced by your "open algorithms" anyway. On the other hand opening them up fully makes it easier to game the system: unless it is a bulletproof system I would avoid full disclosure. often (and I'm not sure if this is a good thing or not...) it is only the second one of those that you need :) Again fair point (sorry, the intention was not to turn HN into a religion.vs debate :( that's not for here). I think my main point was the huge emphasis on the story - definitely (and I dont think it is because of my bias) born out of the religious nature of the complaint. If yourself were hosting a few thousands sites with GoDaddy and had objected in the same way (from a non-religious stance) and sent the same letter would it have made such a big story.... As I always say (it might be my catch phrase :P) "each to his own, and leave me to mine". [for the record in case people misconstrue my bias I have great respect for faith (to a point, obviously); but I believe religious organisations to often be an evil force] thx :) In fairness (rereading back) I should have done so about 2 posts earlier :( oh well. good question. I volunteer to be downmodded and replied too :) Yes it was "dead" for me for a few minutes just now Hey! I'd dispute it was trolling. That's extremely offensive, I'd ask you to retract the comment. It was rash and strongly (and probably badly) worded. > Is organizing a lobby to campaign to shut down their web ads censorship? Yes: if the aim is to get someone to shut them down then it is an attempt at censorship (and if they succeed it is ). That is not, and I believe wheel would agree here, simply a boycott anymore. > Is voting for such a law censorship? That's a difficult question. I'd probably say yes.. but I'd want it to actually happen before acusing everyone (so you could check motives etc.) I've admitted I was wrong to call it censorship - but I do still think it's getting a lot more press than it deserves. Lots of people "boycott" GoDaddy for non-religious reasons (some in protest at the adverts - comments here are testament to that) and have been doing so for a long while. Why is it such a big deal now? Because this guy "represents" religion.. which is media friendly. Indeed these ads have been around for a while: why is it such a big problem now? It's certainly the perfect basis for the lobby group (and I am sure the Christian lobby groups will sieze on it at some point :)). I think in a democracy that people forget it is "majority rule". You are, of course, entitled to your own opinions and ideas of what is right (that, though, is probably not part of the democracy per se). But you view does not represent everyones unless a majority of people agree with it. Therefore IMO it is wrong to try and turn a legitimate boycott on personal grounds into an attempt to impose your morals onto the majority. I would say that most people either do not care or enjoy the ads (probably mostly in the former category). The person in question did not write the letter in a way to say "I am not using your service any more, this is why" he wrote from the perspective of "your offending out sensibilities so please change or we'll stop using you". Which is a threat in my eyes :D I employ a similar method. Rather than thievery I think it is just influence. I will use bits from several designs I think work well (layout ideas from one, colurs from another etc etc.). Disclaimer: this is intended as Helpful criticism :) First off I 100% love the idea behind the site. But am in agreement with the other posters here. You've ignored several basic design rules. Firstly (and for me killer) the content is not centred on larger screens. In my experience this instantly puts users off. Also, as people are saying, the typefaces are too mixed. You also dont highlight links particularly well (the [+] thing is a nice idea but a) doesn't work so well when done in text and b) doesn't seem standard enough). I like how you've gone for minimal design: in fact I think it is almost perfect. Except on the main page (and probably other pages) the top sectuion (the one under the very top set of links and above the mian content) needs to contrast more. Some kind of "glossy" image style would work much better (especially on the main page). This example ( http://codeigniter.com/ ) is the only one I can think of right now (and it is not the best one; but it suffices to illustrate what I mean). I have some other thoughts/comments too but unfortunately don't have time (sorry) - others will definitely come up with them though :D If you can get more the $50 of sales from it then pay. So long as your not paying for them to give you a positive review (it's a leap of faith I guess) then it's hardly a huge misdemeanor. I'm not sure your first example is Apps Hungarian: indeed in the last segment he says that such an example is a bad variant thatis of no real usage. I too initially thought "how great would it be to compile some of these prefixes into a language" but after readign through I think it would be difficult. The intent is that the prefix describes what the variable is not what type it is. And so the prefix will vary from project to project. However your example of specifying type is inherently possible and many languages DO do it (not with the prefix - they just check for type at compile time). The point, I think, Joel is making is that the Hungarian convention is a way for the programmer to vet the code as he browses it. Identifying errors and logic clashes etc. :) yes but your still stuck on type there... those are things that can easily fail (or be made to file) at the compiler or on runtime. What about logic errors - which is what this is supposed to help fix? yes. but the URL is actually the name in that case - so it is a "flash" feature. :) myapp.me.uk does not, quite, have the same draw. To the OP I'd say if you already run it from a .com domain adding .me.uk cant hurt! If the .me adds to the name (say, for example, find.me.uk) then 100% go for it :D Trust is a funny thing: if your userbase is hardened hackers like the HN lot then you might end up (at least initially) with a trust issue - but the general public aren't going to care that much. Though you do raise a good point about people being confused: but if you own .com and .co.uk variants then I doubt it will account for much loss of traffic :D meh no real difference. If he is uk based then .me.uk is more likely to be remembered :) To joe public .me.uk is more memorable. I own a semi-popular domain which is accessed from the .co.uk, .me.uk, .me and .org variants. .me is barely used (in fact this is what we use as the advertising URL on certain sites - however we find people tend to use me.uk when revisiting via that intro method). So by no difference I meant there is no real difference to the UK public between the 2 (but me.uk is probably a safer bet). (btw the site in question normalizes to .com so there is no infered bia by the "browse" url). Yes I use Woopra and it is excellent. The realtime stuff is incredibly useful. I use: - clicky - GA - Woopra - Mint Across my variety of sites. Usually a combination of 2 or 3 of them: the reason being that the variance between the stats the all collect means that it's helpful to have more than one stats collator to double check your info :D Hereby proving that one thing that the money should be spent on is economics education in schools ;) Well it depends. I see some differences between GA and the others (GA requires JS to be enabled so that may be why). Woopra I use less for general stats as for "right now" tracking. Whilst clicky I trust most for historical data.(so, those 2 are the most accurate I guess) Wow I actually learned something on this thread... :D Your approach depends on a lot of things really. I often thing, personallly, that whilst reading books/articles is good it doesn't help instill a lot into a young hacker. First I would buy him Kevin Mitnicks books. I recommend them to every new hacker because: a) some of the stories are unbelievably inspiring! b) it's all real life stuff c) he manages to tell the stories of these great hacks without glamourising the illegality. It does a lot to prove hacking can be great fun within legal bounds. The next thing I would do is encourage him to get involved with a programming community. Get him to learn a language and start ot play with it. :) in terms of cracking (as opposed to hacking) sometimes pushing the boundaries happens (either for personal reasons or professional). I would teach your cousin that breaking the law is wrong. Breaking into the schools system is (speaking technically) as bad as breaking into a microsoft server. But the impact of the 2 activities (assuming it was simply to look both times) is very different. Try to show him that experimenting with something like the school system is fairly harmless but still wrong and he should take it no further unless he has permission :) (offer the school a pen test :D) Finally a lot of people are saying "teach him not to get caught" (essentially). This is a most important lesson. I crack for a living (White Hat I hasten to add) and one of the things that makes me good at that is paying attention to covering my actions :) The most disappointing thing is that the TC writer is clinging to his story. After a complete denial he is still trying to suggest there is some truth in the rumor. Either produce the hard evidence or apologise. rubbish. it is easily possible to be professional and produce excellent work. it doesnt have to be stuffy and haughty that's all :) (and yeh I read his early stuff: not a fan. At every stage in a startup you have to get to a stage where you need to show some professional gloss to prove your not just another backroom programmer - IMO it is the core reason why a lot fail, they cling slavishly to that "fun guy" image and lose corporate custom because of it ;)) @the previous poster: I wouldnt call it unprofessional per se. Empassioned perhaps :D sorry for the OT :) Err the TC article... "Despite my attempts to corroborate it and the subsequent detail I’ve been able to gather, I still don’t have enough information to determine whether it is absolutely true. But I still don’t have enough information to determine that it is absolutely false either." Is his last word on the matter. Essentially he is saying they have denied it but his "rumor" may even still be true. That smacks of a lie somewhere along the line to me (and as it is my job to find lies I suspect it is the case). :) http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/02/20/did-lastfm-just-hand-ov... I find pur ability to achieve and improve the most amazing. I could single out a list of things ot be hugely proud of as a species: but that belittles (not deliberately) all of the other achievments (especially the ones in the past we have forgotten or ignore). The capacity of humanity always amazes me (and, conversely, it saddens me to see so many people waste it). Put the info in that side box into the top segment on the right (it looks a bit odd pushed where it is) and I think your made. I usually dislike "bare metal" designs but that looks neat, efficient and does the job. No option to add comments yet? Again? Really? Nope it's nowhere near the standard for a mainstream OS. Yes it is technically very superior to other offerings. But all these techy types never seem to realise that that is not an important consideration for an average joe user. M$ might be the sum of all evil but they spend millions on user testing and development - and man do they get it right! And yet Linux refuses to utilise the mistakes and lessons M$ have gone through and start from scratch... hmmmm. Some things that are wrong: - Difficulty, the learning curve is still too steep - UI, serious UI issues that people are not fixing (Ubuntu "the saviour" has a BROWN desktop.. where is THAT a good idea for mainstream use???) - Uniformity, menus, methodolgy, syntax, naming is still not uniform enough - Tech lingo, too much stuff is still in tech speak (take a reccent conversation I witnessed on a linux forum where the advice to a first time poster was "read the man page". Well if they knew how to find that I doubt it was helpful, most man pages are double-speak :)). So, no, it's not ready yet. We stil have some nig hurdles to address :) In terms of that specific link. I have one point to make: "But desktop Linux does support basic Active Directory authentication for user access management." Obviously the writer has never tried to use that functionality. Because it is not as simple as a one line sentence suggested. Certainly way outside your average windows user.... They are almost sure to get nailed for it now I think - and a good thing too. Neither side winning is a good outcome for the rest of us but I prefer to see the idiots dealt some of their own punishment for once ;D I dont buy that. Please explain why that would be good? If the music companies win then perhaps the idiot pirates start to acutally get scared. Then us sensible lot can sit down with the companies and get them to do things right. Stuff is moving in the right direction (Apple going non-DRM for instance) these guys are dinosaurs and holding things back. Send em down. I fail to see how anyone can condone TPB ever.... they damage the file sharing community like nothing else before. (ps am amused at the downmodding of my comment.... way to support piracy.. ;)) As far as I knew since the '03 (I think 03) raid their servers are located in a different country anyway. Why? They treat everyone else with the same degree of snootiness and vitriol... calling them idiots is barely disrespectful :) re read the blog post... spot the irony? ;) Fairly certain that the servers are not in the Sainai :) yes maybe it would get more attention - but what kind of attention? Basically it would amount to the Swedish coaurts saying that providing the infrastructure ot share Copyrighted material was ok.. which it is not. In the face of that could we expect media companies to be reasonable and sit at the table to work out new ways to provide access to digital media/software? This is not a 2 sided battle in my eyes. TPB are as much an enemy to the consumer as the IPFI. And why shouldnt the sharers get some fear? Perhaps it will dissuade them from sharing. Bearing in mind I am massivley pro copyright (as a software developer and writer - even though the majority of my work is open source). In terms of copyright - I too am not too worried by DRM. I would like to see DRM dropped but can understand why it is there. In the Apple case they had to impose stupidly strict DRM just to get the store off the ground. The fact they can now release that music more freely is a testamount to how much the music companies are starting to come round to the consumers viewpoint. I am never one to blame the music companies for wanting to protect their material: even though I do disagree with the prices they charge, how they screw over the artists and how they insist (till now) on locking stuff up in super restrictive DRM. I never fully understood the arguments against copyright. Care to explain? Well fairly certain that Tiamo does not live in Egypt. Also they claim to have Fibre connections to XYZ countries? hmmm. (bearing in mind that that kind of thing leaves a paper trail and there doesnt appear to be one) Smacks a little too much of irony to me :) I dont buy that. It is expressing an opinion. I do respect the excellent way they are using the media and the internet to show off their cause. I dont respect what they do. I disagree calling them idiots is disrespectful: because, well, they are.... (in my opinion):) There is a huge difference between respect and dislike. Perhaps I should be clear and say they act like idiots. Then its an opinion... I would edit the original but I cant any more.. oh well. Slowly losing a lot of respect for some of the posters here... :( Heh I'd forgotten about that. I almost wish they had managed to buy seaworld too because it would have been amusing to see the Music moguls trying to get at them there :D I wish I had never used the word: I really dont see it as particularly strong... perhaps it is cultural differences getting in the way. But a single word is getting in the way of a good debate elsewhere in the thread - which is a bit sad. (for the record I think I did back up my statement: they are idiots because they are helping and encouraging people the steal with no thought as to the consequences and believe they are above the law to the point of being. And, importantly, refuse to be reasoned with - and yes I have tried.) I agree with the good arguments - but respect should not be automatic. I would look for it to be earned in an argument (probably I did not do much to earn any yesterday). My other point, of course, is that TPB (at whom my remark was directed) are not here and so are not one of the debating parties... :) EDIT: I am not particularly worried by the downmods. People can express their opinions. However downmodding based on wording feels a bit short sighted... downmodding based on percieved bias (which a friend of mine pointed out) I would agree with (because it did introduce a bias.. which was a mistake). (Also it's a bit sad to see this bumped up to the first page... this surely is stuff for the "back room") I dont really follow that argument. Copyright doesnt cover ideas - purely creations (like music, software, artwork, films). Ideas do require patents etc. If you have an idea you have to take steps to protect it. If you create a working product based on the idea that specific design is protected by a modicum of copyright. I do see where you are coming from with the ideas thing (the free-software side of me wants me to agree fully that ideas/processes should never be protected). (this is in the UK of course: in the US things might be different) used to use an example wherein I pointed to the absurdity of a car manufacturer asserting a right to all photos of their cars, but some car manufacturer actually did that without widespread derision recently. Yeh I am fairly certain in the UK that wuold not stand up. Certainly it doesnt fall under copyright. What happens when you write a book and ask people for money to read it (unless we are arguing that everything should be free :)) and then someone else copies your book and sells it slightly cheaper than you. Should we not have protective laws to stop that occuring? I think copyright is being confused here. With the similarity aspect we are talking intellectual property not copyright. Copyrightr (In the UK) applies simply to direct copies or derivative works (in your example if someone copied my book but added a new ending and a few new chapters). If someone rewrites your entire plot without using any of your text they are fine (and the 2 works will stand and fall on their relative merits). But if you tried to write a book about Harry Potter the Wizard you would probably run into trobule - because the name has (I believe) been trade marked in that context (I could be wrong - but it is a dramatic example). I thought about this and I think I see where your failing to draw a line. Censorship is about stifiling someones rights - whereas copyright is a "casual enforcement" of someones right to keep control of their own works. It isnt really censorship because what right does anyone have to profit from a piece of work except the original creator? I have a very high IQ and wouldnt consider myself a genius! Genius, IMO is about seeing things differently and sheer devotion to a cause. Einstein and Darwin would be examples of that. IQ tests do check for that (well not the devotion, but the thinking outside the box) but I dont think they represent it well. way to stereotype... ;) I've noticed HN appear in a few "spammer lists" over the last month or so. Usually the price to spam into here is very very high because it is, by comparison, quite difficult. Im tempted to agree with you - it is a spammer going after the good money testing a new bot. I think your right. The last request for spamming HN I came across was worth about $1,500 and up for a front page spot.That's a lot for a single link. 6000 years ago our DNA was almost certainly incredibly different to what it is today (whether you believe God created it or not). A drastic change like that would basically be akin to evolving 6000 years in the space of just a few :) (Ive lost my link to the research done into our genetics that shows we did not all come from 2 common ancestors but I know some was done somewhere) Mastering the genome has long been my marker for true mastery of our race. But (and this is directed at the OP) I wouldnt like to seeanyone overly mess with it. We'd have to be damned certain we knew it inside out before tampering with it that heavily. On the other hand they are tampering with genes in mice etc. to try and cure diseases (and Folding@Home is investing a LOT of time modelling protein creation to help move things along :)). Not prepared to post it here (for obvious reasons) I will email it though (you will need to register on a forum and make a few posts I think :) been a while since I joined) if you wish. Which email goes direct to you? Well no response... if you are interested I have a draft email composed. I'll send it to @ ycombinator.com later today if I dont hear anything... Though I suspect you were attempting to call a bluff ;) oops...