Now combine that with the extremely confusing net.IP and net.IP.To16() and you can get a sneaky bug that I've seen in practice. https://play.golang.org/p/SGgR4RSCPvM You can still use Google Code Search on the Chrome codebase. https://cs.chromium.org For example here's a hacky regex that finds lambdas: https://cs.chromium.org/search/?q=%5CW%5C%5B%5B%5E%5C%5D%5D*... I see that those circles look like a Venn diagram. But for a Venn diagram to be useful in explaining something, there needs to be an easily understandable definition about what the 2 circles are. That doesn't seem to exist here. I can't come up with a logical definition for what the top circle or the bottom circle represent. If you let a something MITM you it will always be able to steal your files, no path validation will fix that. If you let something MITM you when copying files from client to server it should have no way of changing the destination directory (assuming you authenticate using asymmetric crypto), regardless of path validation. This vulnerability has nothing to do with that. This vulnerability is only about copying files from the server to the client, and lacking path validation when that happens. This problem can be fixed without fixing MITM. Is it possible to write an operating system or a browser if we forget about the languages you want us to forget about? I came up with a new phishing avoidance scheme based on this, point at the url bar before typing your password. I don't understand your comment. Version 1.5.6 of what? The NumPy 1.16.0 notes say > Support for Python 3.4 been dropped, the supported Python versions are 2.7 and 3.5-3.7. That definitely sounds like NumPy 1.16.0 doesn't support python 3.4. If many people want to fight against something, making it public helps those people to find each other and organize. From some of the tweets, other people in similar situations have reached out to her. I don't think security of entry to the apartment is the main concern (because most locks can be picked fairly easily, and criminals force doors regardless of lock). I think privacy, network security, and availability are the bigger issues. HTTPS isn't automatically secure. It depends on certificates being issued correctly. But certificate issuance depends on insecure protocols: DNS and BGP. Also there's hijacking account recovery and 2 factor codes via SMS. https://www.theverge.com/2017/9/18/16328172/sms-two-factor-a... How are the end-to-end encryption keys distributed? What happens if you lose your phone, or give up your number and someone else gets it? Yes, but many sites still use it for 2fa. And regardless of 2fa, it's also commonly used in account recovery which is even worse than 2fa. Having a user verify that a piece of infrastructure is correct (aka not a spoofed cell tower) is a much easier problem than having a user verify that a different user is correct (necessary for fully verified e2e). If all the user needs to verify is the infrastructure, then something like https's certificates could work, but it could be simpler because it would be managed entirely by one organization. So more concretely, your sim card could contain some root CAs that it trusts. The problem is many people would think "decompiler" means it outputs source code. Yeah I think you're right, a form of end-to-end wouldn't be too hard. But it would only protect against passive attacks by your provider. It wouldn't protect against active attacks by your provider. Your provider could issue itself a new cert for you and your correspondent and then intercept the messages. It's certainly an improvement over what we have now though. Here's the new code: beta8.Mod(beta8, curve.P) x3.Sub(x3, beta8) if x3.Sign() == -1 { x3.Add(x3, curve.P) } x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) I don't understand it why it's all necessary. This is shorter and seems to do the exact same thing: beta8.Mod(beta8, curve.P) x3.Sub(x3, beta8) x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) Also, beta8 is never used after this code. So this should do the same thing as well: x3.Sub(x3, beta8) x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) Where does it mention 4? By saying "IRA vs 401k" I think you're misspeaking. There's a Roth IRA, and a traditional IRA. There's a Roth 401k and a traditional 401k. I think you're trying to make a Roth vs traditional distinction, not an IRA vs 401k distinction. You're right that the article confuses various things. But you're wrong in your analysis. Capital gains rate has nothing to do with this. Whether it's Roth or traditional, and whether it's 401k or IRA, you never pay capital gains rate, you always pay income tax rate. You're also wrong in saying paying up front is better in terms of tax rate. In terms of tax rates, Roth vs traditional both have the same rate (assuming you have the same tax rate now as in retirement) (and IRA vs 401k also both have the same rate, regardless of tax rates now vs retirement). Roth does have several advantages though. It has a higher effective legal contribution limit. It also allows a higher density of value per dollar, which is useful in a fund like the Medallion fund that is limited to $10B. It's taxed just the same as if you were below the income limit. There's no income limit on Roth 401ks as far as I know, where did you hear that there is one? >You can, however, convert IRA assets into Roth assets at any income level provided you pay the tax on conversion. You seem to be saying you can convert traditional IRA money into a Roth IRA. That's true, but how do you get traditional IRA money? There's an income limit when you make traditional IRA contributions if your employer has a 401k: https://www.irs.gov/retirement-plans/2019-ira-deduction-limi... Yeah, but that's not really "traditional". And if done fast enough, the "tax on conversion" will be essentially nothing. What if we interpret Moore's law to say that transaction speed will double every 2 years? Create a fake identity, fake company, then contact the researcher claiming you want to hire him/her. Get the researcher to come to a restaurant and secretly record the meeting while using leading questions to try to force the researcher into saying unpleasant things. They have a table below that with amounts listed for different types of bugs. I'm guessing the 150'000 means they'll stop paying for new bugs once they've reached that amount. Couldn't employees in Hong Kong revert the changes and alert the media? Not phishing? AIUI, the phrase "link tax" isn't really correct, because it doesn't apply if you just link. It applies if you copy the headline or a snippet. You can't nicely ask the hacker not to do it. The hackers are constantly scanning the internet regardless of what you want. Save $69k sounds a lot more significant than save 38%. If you're going to be using the server less than 73% of the time, AWS sounds better. The site uses https for me (and the HN link is https too). It does make 3 http requests, all for gravatar jpeg files. Scott isn't blaming them for shutting down comments either, in fact Scott is also shutting down comments. Scott is blaming them for not being truthful about the reason they shut down comments. But you also have the freedom to live in lower cost of living areas, making the money go further. Actually 39.04% according to this website. Still, 30% is closer to correct than 55%. https://smartasset.com/taxes/income-taxes By "no one" crapbone meant no single employer. And no single employer paid Santiago the money. It was paid by a group of companies each paying bounties for different bugs. Very few sites use certificate pinning. Chrome dropped support for dynamic certificate pinning. Web based certificate pinning is often recommended against because it's very hard to do right. Also, using Let's Encrypt doesn't stop you from certificate pinning. >it’s less secure — you’re trusting (many) third parties You're trusting those third parties regardless of if you use your own PKI, because browsers already trust all those root CAs anyways. One weird thing I've found about EOF is that EOF is sometimes not actually the end. You can read an EOF from stdin and then continue reading more data. Someone could even write new code that relies on it. Are you saying that's a high number or a low number? Because if you're saying it's high, you picked the wrong examples, here's a different example from the article: >The student’s parents paid $1.2 million in bribes, officials said. Several places online claim it never operated as a M:TG exchange, that was just a plan that never was executed. All the archive.org snapshots seem to show a non-functional site. https://www.wired.com/2014/03/bitcoin-exchange/ https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1bzysz/til_mtgox_w... https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=4412667.0 https://web.archive.org/web/20070501000000*/http://mtgox.com I did read the Wikipedia part before posting my comment. Wikipedia seems to have no non-paywalled sources for the statement that it went live "sometime around late 2007". Thanks for the Gwern link, it's interesting. When a simple int foo(int x) { return x+1; } leads to undefined behavior (aka the standard says the program can delete your hard drive) if x is too big, that's not a language that guarantees memory safety. I've never used rust, but from what I've heard, it crashes in debug mode, and wraps (two's complement) in release mode. According to the spec, it can lead to all the same problems that any UB leads to, including all the problems that any memory unsafety leads to. The code is allowed by the spec to cause memory unsafety. But to list some direct memory unsafety possibilities: indexing off the end of an array, indexing off the end of a vector, dereferencing a bad pointer, dereferencing a null pointer, dereferencing a bad iterator, double delete. >For Facebook obviously it's different. What evidence do you have for that? Nowhere in the article does it say facebook "explicity logged" passwords. The logging likely happened through some unintended and roundabout process that is far from explicit. The article says the AR-15 is good and the M-16 is bad. You seem to be lumping them into a single thing. The entire point of this article is the difference between the AR-15 and the M-16. So if they are essentially the same, that means this article is pointless. That type of assertion needs some strong evidence given how well-researched the article is. The 3 differences the article lists between the AR-15 and the M-16 are: 1. The M-16 added a useless "manual bolt closure" making it a bit heavier. 2. The M-16 rate of twist was changed from one-in-14-inches to one-in-12, which made it 40% less lethal. 3. The M-16 switched from IMR 4475 powder to ball powder, which made it much much less reliable. After tons of US soldiers died due to the unreliability, they modified the ball powder and changed the mechanical "buffer" of the rifle, which made it more reliable, but still less than the AR-15. Taiwan and Macao appear to be majority other. The article says AMI already knew about the affair before Sanchez was contaced by AMI about the affair. >AMI has repeatedly insisted they had only one source on their Bezos story, but the Journal reports that when the Enquirer began conversations with Michael Sanchez, they had “already been investigating whether Mr. Bezos and Ms. Sanchez were having an affair.” Michael Sanchez has since confirmed to Page Six that when the Enquirer contacted him back in July, they had already “seen text exchanges” between the couple. If accurate, the WSJ and Page Six stories would mean, clearly and obviously, that the initial information came from other channels—another source or method. Isn't there a distinction between a DNS server and a DNS resolver? How is "just donate a building like a real rich person" a fallacy? The article doesn't say it's bad to donate and get in. >In this case, people bribed individuals to enrich themselves, not the school. That is a decrease in the available spots for students at the school. The article agrees with this, saying it's theft from the school, whereas donating a building isn't theft from the school. I wouldn't say subsidies would disincentivize meat. I would say they would incentivize both meat substitutes and meat, in an equally proportional amount. Were all those errors observable back in 2000? It could be that compiler and operating systems differences now are what caused/revealed some bugs. For example the speed problem was probably much less back then due to slower computers. It's apartments built before 1995 with at least 3 units. https://www.mountainview.gov/depts/comdev/preservation/rents... In July 2018 he was going to be kicked out "within the next several weeks". Now it's "hours to days", so it's closer. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17582652 Of course it's not justifiable. The question is, parents were rationalizing school bribery, was this man rationalizing medicare bribery? What costs are the overhead of manufacturing? The packaging? The packaging shouldn't cost ($750-$13.50) = $736.50. (2017) Whether they bought back in doesn't make a difference. If you sell BTC, that's a taxable event. And that only happens among Christians? Atheists and Muslims aren't motivated by money? It says "About 15 percent of Americans are called for jury duty each year". Multiply that by 10x and get 150%. But I thought someone can only be called for jury once per year. I guess you could increase the chance of being called only for those who haven't been called yet. >The article says there were 3,200 foreign investors who qualified for the EB-5 through Hudson Yards The article says >Related solicited investments from some 3,200 foreign visa-seekers It's unclear to me what the definition of "solicited" is. There are tons of videos that aren't very tiny, and that have large color counts. notatoad is talking about those. Yes, the article says that was the solution on how to unlock it. Actively using it to harm others is different than just creating it. It's a curiosity item. I would buy an anonymous one if they were $30 or less. It's interesting to have around, a conversation piece. The anonymous one increases the interest, because it better demonstrates the danger, the precariousness. >Lines of celebrity meat. Check out http://bitelabs.org/ And it sounds like Citrix didn't even notice, it was the FBI who noticed then alerted Citrix. 5% isn't possible, but you can make over 2% on treasury bills currently. The risk of the US government defaulting on loans can be essentially ignored. Do you have any information about US bonds being seized like this? I don't understand how it could happen. This might not be exactly answering your question, but you can buy 4 week treasury bills. Even if you can't sell bonds, having money tied up for 4 weeks might not be a big problem. Browsers can only protect against malicious websites and malicious extensions. They can't protect against malware. Even without any cert problems, malware on your machine can modify the browser executable/process to insert whatever code it wants. With this reduced threat model, it's easy to simply keep existing pre-installed extensions available, and disable updates. Your only problem is if a pre-installed extension is malicious or has a vulnerability, it will remain. Yes, but what's the point of cert expiration? Is it safe to have certs that never expire? I believe there is a security benefit to expiration. Expiration is useless if it's never enforced. Probably the correct behavior is to have some sort of semi-annoying popup when it expires, and then only a week later do the full blocking. You need to strike the right balance of making it annoying enough that it can't be ignored by everyone (otherwise you just have the exact same problem, just delayed a week) and that fear of it happening is a sufficient motivator to stop people lazily relying on the grace period, but also not too annoying that it makes a lot of people quit. You also want to avoid permission fatigue. >My guess here is archive.is feels they have some need to restrict what content is provided to where in the world Couldn't that be done later, by blocking the actual HTTP TCP connections instead of blocking the DNS requests? Maybe it's an efficiency issue, that they want the higher-efficiency blocking by DNS rather than lower-efficiency blocking during HTTP TCP, but that seems a little strange to me. dig @carl.archive.is archive.is A +noedns responds 134.119.220.26 curl http://134.119.220.26 -H 'Host: archive.is' -v responds with HTML of the site. I'm not a dig expert, but I believe this means it works without EDNS. I think that means archive.is is specifically blocking Cloudflare's servers, not blocking all non-EDNS requests. ackbar03 didn't seem to be asking about what to try, but about what to dedicate a career to. Only old S3 buckets that are accessed the old way. Using phone numbers for throttling user account creation has no security problem. Using phone numbers for 2FA has no security problem compared to password 1FA. The security problem comes when companies use phone numbers for 1FA (during account recovery). From the article: >About the author: Adrien Mauduit is a professional astrophotographer and cinematographer and the CEO and owner of Night Lights Films. The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author. Mauduit also does science education, communication, and public outreach for Project PoSSUM. You can find more of Mauduit’s work Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. I don't understand how that would work. I can see 2 values in a degree: 1 the ability to put the degree on your resume, 2 the knowledge and enjoyment you got from the degree. I don't see how it's possible to remove 2. I guess you could remove 1 by making it illegal to put on your resume, but then how would you become "fully employed" when you can't put the degree on your resume? Yeah, there's nothing spooky there. C++ supports overloads and C doesn't. I got substantial knowledge from my degree. But regardless of whether you got any knowledge from your degree, you could still get enjoyment from your degree. And even if you didn't get any knowledge or enjoyment from your degree, if you remove the ability to put it on your resume, how is someone supposed to become "fully employed"? I still don't see how the person will later become "fully employed" when the person isn't allowed to practice. What does "UC" in "Meltdown UC" mean? And what if a candidate wants to spend that stipend on Facebook ads. Is Facebook not allowed to have a salesperson take that money and sell ads to the candidate? Google Chrome launched with a comic by Scott McCloud in 2008. It looks like Scott McCloud helped on this Federated Learning comic as well. https://www.google.com/googlebooks/chrome/big_00.html Aren't they only eligible for SSI if they've worked in the US for 10 years? >The best place to siphon data in 2019? Your phone. But can't you reverse engineer your phone and see what it's doing? And can't you monitor the network data it's sending? With a backdoor in long haul transport gear, academics, researchers, random hackers, watchdog groups, journalists, competitors, etc, don't have the ability to monitor for bad behavior. No, if you can prove that a secure hash function exists, then you have proved that P != NP. (This is what alexbecker said.) If you can prove P = NP, then you have proved that no secure hash functions exist. (This is the contrapositive.) 4x the amount of time, but what x the amount of qbits? My very vague impression of quantum computing is that making a quantum computer with more qbits is quite hard. >According to three former N.S.A. operators who spoke on the condition of anonymity, analysts spent almost a year finding a flaw in Microsoft’s software and writing the code to target it. Initially, they referred to it as EternalBluescreen because it often crashed computers — a risk that could tip off their targets. But it went on to become a reliable tool used in countless intelligence-gathering and counterterrorism missions. If it took the NSA a year to develop, then it can't be done "on a slow day". > (gesture patterns, content interaction, hardware inputs etc) It doesn't sound like it takes into account which pieces of content you watch, just how you navigate the app. So I don't think watching toys being opened will cause you to be detected as a kid. >I'm still not sure why we're now basing our entire economy around advertising I see 3 models for websites: completely donation based, advertising based, or subscription based. Many sites would have trouble getting the donations they would need to operate. Subscription based means only rich people can afford to use it. Advertising means poor people get the same functionality as rich people. It could be fake troll bids. Internet auctions of items deemed "funny" often accumulate a lot of fake bids from trolls who don't intend to pay. https://www.ebay.com/itm/Artists-Beanie-/111913567870 >a single reasonable subscription That subscription might be reasonable for a middle class person in the US, but way too expensive for the average person in a poorer country. Ads put everyone on the same footing. And if you want to do research on a topic across many different websites, it'll happen that they won't all be in the same community, so you'll have to pay subscription fees to many different communities, sometimes just for a single page view. >The truth is, outside of a chemistry lab I don't care that much about the freezing and boiling points of water Even in a chemistry lab, Celsius isn't that great, it's Kelvin that actually has an advantage. And Rankine would be about as good. A Rankine temperature is just the Fahrenheit temperature +459.67°. My point was about in the chemistry lab, not outside. Yes, C is useful in science because it's commonly used, not really because of any inherent usefulness. The network effect is the usefulness, and if F had that network effect it would be just as useful. It is important, but more important is having absolute 0, which Celsius doesn't have. The other problem with Celsius and the boiling point is that the boiling point changes depending on air pressure, which changes depending on elevation. So it's not always 100°C. >It is possible that it is Facebook that won’t allow subordinates to step in The article says that Facebook is sending subordinates: >Facebook said is it [sic] sending Kevin Chan, its head of public policy for Facebook Canada, and Neil Potts, its director of public policy, to the meeting instead. Here's a port scanning technique that doesn't use javascript: https://blog.jeremiahgrossman.com/2006/11/browser-port-scann... But I don't think that will work for corporate building security, where a single attacker could cause a large amount of damage, not just losing a ticket fare. Are you claiming ProtonMail hands over message content to law enforcement? That contradicts this quote from the post: >Furthermore, ProtonMail’s end-to-end encryption means we cannot be forced by a court to provide unencrypted message contents. I wonder why James Earl Jones isn't listed for Jackson, MI. His page contains a link to Jackson, and Jackson's page contains a link to him. His page has more views than than Paula Faris'. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Earl_Jones https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackson,_Michigan https://tools.wmflabs.org/pageviews/?project=en.wikipedia.or... The article says that even a non-permissive license (such as GPL) won't stop Amazon from taking your code and running it as their own service. The site uses 2 methods: , and javascript to hide an element and display a different one. This way you can tell if the methods disagree. It sounds pretty clear to me he knows how awful it is. Why would admitting he's still a karma whore mean he thinks it's not awful? A drug addict can know being a drug addict is awful while still admitting to being a drug addict. Only the last sector is allowed to be partially filled. Every other sector must be fully filled. Did he have car nearby? It sounds like he got there via 4-wheeler. The article addresses this >To be fair, this story hasn’t ended yet. [... T]hey still need to resolve the problematic MacBook Pro with its next generation (rumors are promising) It sounds like CBP might have done that. What was stolen: > The compromised photos were taken of travelers in vehicles coming in and out of the US through specific lanes at a single Port of Entry over a one and a half months period. What wasn't stolen: >No other identifying information was included with the photos and no passport or other travel document photos were compromised, the official said. Images of airline passengers from the air entry and exit process were also not involved. I doubt studios want to give Redbox a discount, because rentals cut into sales, which the studios care about more than rentals. Redbox operates because of first-sale doctrine. I assume Redbox pays the same as stores pay, which is indeed cheaper than what a consumer pays, but there's no discount especially for Redbox. Why do digital rentals cost more than physical rentals? Because first-sale doctrine doesn't apply to digital so studios can charge more. First-sale doctrine prevents studios from charging more for physical rentals, and they won't be eager to pile on any extra discounts for Redbox. I think the real benefit to the consumer of renting from Redbox instead of buying is that Redbox has economies of scale on exchanging movies between consumers and distributing them geographically. If a consumer buys a movie, watches it, and resells it, that's a lot of hassle, whereas Redbox has managed that redistribution by building automation. That seems strange. I don't know what their motivation for that is, given I assume it would lose them money, and it's contrary to digital rentals being so expensive. This article (admittedly from 2008) says studios hate Redbox. And that Redbox gets its DVDs from regular movie wholesalers (I assume where Walmart gets them too). https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2008/10/universal-studio... Last I checked reddit only shows your your last 1000 comments. So it's impossible to get your older comments. I don't know how they do this in light of GDPR's data portability requirements. See https://www.reddit.com/r/help/comments/6ynrth/why_does_reddi... https://www.reddit.com/r/redditdev/comments/30a7ap/does_redd... But what you can do is download every single comment on reddit, then search through that to find yours. See https://www.reddit.com/r/pushshift/ It makes sense that rental stores would get cheap copies if they're also doing profit sharing. But it's unclear to me who's getting a better deal there compared to the rental place just buying at normal price and keeping all profits. Well there's probably not a whole lot of OS/2 ransomware, so they're less likely to wind up in the situation of the San Francisco Muni https://www.sfexaminer.com/news/you-hacked-appears-at-muni-s... >Further cracking down on homeless people will just transfer them from the streets to jails, where they will cost the taxpayers exorbitant amounts of money (and if they're in a private prison, create profit for private interests), while failing to get people back on their feet when they are eventually let go. It doesn't seem the article is advocating for a crackdown. The article seems to advocate for cities "to provide access to on-demand detox, rehabilitation, and recovery programs that might help people overcome their addictions." Wouldn't it be better to just have a physical switch on the device to disable certificate checking? If you want to call a C function that takes a pointer as an argument. For example I've called a Windows API function from python which does that. I think restype should be set to None in addition to setting argtypes. That way you can avoid the weird number being printed out: >>> add_one(ctypes.byref(x)) 998793640 Yeah, for pure python it's not really needed. Python doesn't need a swap function because it has multiple assignment, python doesn't need output parameters because it has multiple return. Pointers would allow a function to take in a string and replace it with a modified version, but simply returning the modified version would generally be clearer and more flexible. One place where pointers might be useful is if you have some strings spread across a bunch of different objects of different types and you want to do some transformation on all of them. A pointer to each of those strings would mean you could simply modify them instead of having to assign to the containing object. But you can sort of define your own pointer type with a class with one field to solve that problem. The downside of that would be all the objects would have to contain that pointer type instead of the string directly. Another alternative would be getattr/setattr (although that wouldn't work for locals). Or maybe you could rewrite to a visitor pattern. Overall the slight benefit a pointer would provide is outweighed by the complexity it would bring of people wondering how and when to use it. A doubly linked list can be done just fine in python without pointers, because objects use references, and user defined classes are mutable. RSUs are taxed the same as salary. RSUs are taxed the same as salary. If you don't like them gaining value, then sell them as soon as they vest, and that's 20% tax of $0. I don't know anything about that event, but it reminds of me when 20 Apple contractors had a scheme selling Apple user data for $7M. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/09/business/china-apple-pers... The word "phishing" has many definitions. One definition is tricking users into giving valuable information (such as passwords, 2FA codes, bank account details, credit card numbers, social security numbers, etc). Malware doesn't meet this definition of phishing. Which claim are you doubting? Are you doubting that APT10 hacked Huntington Ingalls, or are you doubting that APT10 is state sponsored? > This idea is so cool that you'd think it came from a constructed language, and yet Arabic has actual native speakers who live completely normal lives and will not try to talk to you about Runescape. Is there a large overlap between constructed language enthusiasts and Runescape enthusiasts? That seems kind of strange to me. There's a fair amount of evidence that APT10 is sponsored by China here[1]. It's not 100% proof, but what are the alternatives, and what chances do they have? The alternative possibilities seem slim to me. The US government accused them of working for China[2]. Of course not everything the US government says is true, but it seems likely to me this is true and they have some non-public evidence to back it up. [1] https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/two-birds-one-stone-panda/ [2] https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/1121706/downl... >All I'm seeing is the Uber receipt, which even they say they can't verify. There's other stuff there. For example Gao was recruiting for Laoying Baichen Instruments which shares an address with CNITSEC (which is run by MSS). CNITSEC has in the past been confirmed to work with APT3. >The alternative is that they are black hat hackers, which is very likely. Are there a lot of advanced Chinese black hat hackers that don't work with the Chinese government? Because it seems like there are a lot of advanced Chinese hackers that work for the government. For example APT3 and APT1. Also the APT10 stuff appears to have happened during Chinese working hours, which is indicative of government work[1]. [1] https://intrusiontruth.wordpress.com/2018/08/09/was-apt10-th... Those say Intel was unfairly competing with AMD. That's different from Intel conspiring with the Wall Street Journal to write negative (and maybe false) articles about AMD. >Any hack reported by the western media immediately gets linked to the government, no matter how thin the evidence is. The October hack of Facebook[1] didn't seem to be blamed on any government by the media. It seems to me like a fairly sophisticated attack that could have been done by a government. And the western media blames some hacks on the US government and its allies as well[2][3]. > Chinese people can be smart and motivated by greed too How do they plan to make money by hacking NASA and the US military's shipbuilder? They're not installing ransomware asking for bitcoin payment. If they want to hack for money, I would think they would target credit cards, or banks, or better yet: cryptocurrency exchanges. Or maybe popular websites whose databases they can use for credential stuffing. One way to make money by hacking NASA is to be paid by the Chinese government. [1] https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/12/technology/facebook-hack-... [2] https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-yandex-exclusiv... [3] https://www.nytimes.com/2010/09/30/world/middleeast/30worm.h... The article mentions 2 different wiretaps. One is 9.2M with 149 people, the other is 9.1M with 45 people. There are many reddit bots that automatically repost old posts for karma. It's conceivable that a similar thing could be done on HN. The fact that Toyentrepreneur has no comments doesn't inspire confidence, but examining Toyentrepreneur's submissions doesn't seem to indicate a bot. Yes, "or" in English often is more similar to xor in code. For example if someone says "I want pizza or a burger", that person probably does not want both pizza and a burger for the same meal, whereas in programming an equivalent expression would be satisfied if both are true simultaneously. But "or" in English doesn't always mean xor in code. Sometimes it is the same as or in code. It's not really jstrieb.github.io that's serving it, because since the content is in the url fragment, it is never sent to or from the server, it's handled entirely clientside. >a very effective XSS host. It can only do XSS against jstrieb.github.io which has nothing valuable. So it's not useful for anything. It can't be used in a tag to obfuscate XSS attacks against other websites either, because the response isn't formatted as javascript. I guess it could be used in on other websites in order to add obfuscation, but I think the use to attackers would be quite low. What's the purpose of that? What attacks does it prevent? You're assuming that the person making the report said "boulos needs to be fired!". Maybe the person making the report said "Hey, I found some internal details on this external site. I'm not sure if this is allowed. Maybe someone who knows more should take a look at it, here's the link to the page." But someone could register the github account newsycombinator and then serve an identical phishing page at newsycombinator.github.io . I guess you're right that it's useful for takedown resistance in phishing attacks. It's useless for small, sophisticated, targeted phishing attacks, but for large blunt untargeted phishing attacks it could be useful to have a site that would be difficult to take down and censor. But I do consider phishing different than XSS. Here's where they talk about it: https://youtu.be/SKtJY6soCds?t=698 >25] Web pages that pop open other pages and windows and then disable your 'back' button. I guess the web hasn't changed that much after all in 20 years. None of the examples show quoting via ticks, that seems to be a pretty obscure feature. Thanks, I'm surprised I missed that! If the shares of BMW were evenly spread across the German population, would it have been any better? That would be about $500 of stock per person. Do people who currently hold $500 of BMW stock put much effort into following shareholder votes and such? >BMW also got fined and caught up in doing the same emissions scandal : That seems quite different from what VW did. VW made it so emissions were good during testing but bad during regular driving. That article says BMW (and others) colluded to make emissions bad all the time. When emissions are bad all the time, the testers are not being fooled about how the emissions actually look. Just now I (in the US) added TOTP (Google Authenticator) 2FA, and removed my old SMS 2FA. It does seem a bit laggy but I was able to do it and log in. I just now went to paypal and tried to change my password to something long. It said "Try another password. It must be less than 20 characters." Sure, but that means that currently there's no reason to have the limit, except that they don't want to invest any effort to change it. Names are expected to be stored in a database, passwords are not (only the hash should be stored). "Mainframe" doesn't seem like an actual answer to me. Why can't mainframes handle passwords longer than 20 characters? Are mainframes incapable of doing password hashing? Can't modern databases have text fields with a max of 20 characters, why is that problem unique to mainframes? That doesn't help you own a domain name. That just lets you configure DNS for domains. Yes, but that doesn't solve any of the problems that a1369209993 mentioned. Those subdomains can be taken away from you at any time. You have no legal ownership of them. Yes, so you knowingly click "I don't know". You don't know the value, and you know that you don't know the value. Yes, I think it's somewhat recent. The previous time I checked it didn't let me, now it does. I found this from 6 months ago mentioning it might only be US accounts[1], and this from March[2]. [1] https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/a59knq/ysk_p... [2] https://benbrian.net/authenticator-app-support-in-paypal-fin... >but it's still deterministic Undefined behavior means the standard says demons can fly out of your nose. Those demons might behave nondeterministically. On your computer yes, but the question specifically doesn't tell you what computer and compiler are used. So thus you can't know what the number is. >which is supposed to be the point of the exercise. I don't think that assumption is justified. Someone could say the point of the exercise is to illustrate that C is confusing. If what "some" might say about what the author intends is irrelevant, then what you say about what the author intends is also irrelevant, because you are just some person (unless you're the author). My point was why should I trust your interpretation of what the author intends more than anyone else's. >"So you think you know C?" That goes along with the interpretation that the point is to illustrate C is confusing. It would go along with something like "You think you know it, you think it's simple, well actually you don't know it, it's confusing." >intended identify to test takers whether or not they really understand the intricacies of C, and to think critically about that source of their knowledge Yes, its intent is to indicate to test takers that a lot of them don't really understand the intricacies of C, which demonstrates that C is more confusing than they originally thought. >Never once does the author mention that C is confusing, use the word confusing, or otherwise indicate that general idea. Here are some quotes that indicate the idea that C is confusing: >C is not that simple. >It’s only reasonable that the type of short int and an expression with the largest integer being short int would be the same. But the reasonable doesn’t mean right for C. >Actually, it’s much more complicated than that. Take a peek at the standard, you’ll enjoy it. >The third one is all about dark corners. >The test is clearly provocative and may even be a little offensive. Then the author says that he did C for 15 years and thought he knew it, but then realized he didn't. That indicates to me either that the author is saying that he's not smart, or that C is confusing. The second appears to be the point the author is actually making. Very nice page. Although it seems to be wrong about the golden rule, the golden rule is "treat others how you want to be treated" not "treat others as they have treated you in the past". AFAIK, there are 160 bits of entropy in a bitcoin address. Let's say satoshi has ~1 million addresses with bitcoin in them (2^20). That means 2^140 attempts need to be made to steal any of satoshi's bitcoins. Cracking 128 bits of entropy is essentially impossible[1], cracking 140 bits is even harder. This collider tried 7 quadrillion addresses in 1 year[2]. That's 2^53, nowhere near 2^140. [1] https://crypto.stackexchange.com/a/1148 [2] https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/nzpv8m/the-large-bitcoin-... If you don't like "some" then replace it with me. I interpret it as the author saying C is confusing. My interpretation is also based on what the author states, fairly explicitly. And I don't think there's anything that explicitly contradicts my interpretation. The 5700 is $349[1], the Vega 56 is $299[2], that's a $50 difference, not $100. The 5700 gets 36.0 fps in Shadow of the Tomb Raider 4k, the Vega 56 gets 30.2[1]. That's a 19% improvement. Also, the Vega 56 was originally priced at $399[3]. So the price:performance has definitely improved since Vega 56 was launched. [1] https://www.anandtech.com/show/14618/the-amd-radeon-rx-5700-... [2] https://www.newegg.com/powercolor-radeon-rx-vega-56-axrx-veg... [3] https://www.anandtech.com/show/11717/the-amd-radeon-rx-vega-... Does Chrome support DoH? Scoundreller wanted a manufacturer producing "the newer biosimilar insulin for just $72-133 per year". That link doesn't appear to provide that information. >you must disclose it responsibly. While most people agree selling a vulnerability is immoral, there is much debate on whether "full disclosure" is ok, and whether "responsible disclosure" is a term anyone should ever say (some argue the correct term is "coordinated disclosure"). https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18233897 Under "Prime Video : Movies : Prime Eligible" there are 60,000 results[1]. This article says Amazon Prime has 12,000 movies[2]. [1] https://www.amazon.com/Movies-Prime-Eligible-Video/s?rh=n%3A... [2] https://www.businessinsider.com/tv-shows-and-movies-that-ove... Base64 needs 64 unique characters, but domains names don't have 64 unique characters. Also base64 could result in pure numbers as its output, leading to the exact same problem. The advice is wrong. Someone could follow the advice in the article and still be vulnerable. The article should mention the actual vulnerability: CSRF, because there's a state-changing HTTP handler with no CSRF protection. CORS doesn't automatically protect against CSRF, and people shouldn't be given that impression. The threat model seems to have 2 requirements: 1. Only if the top level url bar says zoom.us is it allowed to cause any noticeable change to the zoom native app. This means some arbitrary website cannot cause any noticeable change to the zoom native app without redirecting you to zoom.us . This also means that a sandboxed iframe, such as an embedded web ad, has no possible way to cause a noticeable change to the zoom native app, because it is not able to do top level navigation to zoom.us . 2. When the zoom native app is triggered, the user must click yes on a confirmation button before joining the meeting. I don't see people advocating that you need to be logged in to zoom.us . Achieving requirement 1 without requirement 2 is still bad, because some website could redirect to zoom.us and force you into a meeting. Achieving requirement 2 without requirement 1 is not too bad, but is annoying, because some sandboxed ad in a website could cause the zoom native app to pop up, annoying you, and could maybe almost be a DOS. All of what worthless? The advice that cakoose gives seems quite valid to me without any encryption to localhost. What do you mean encrypt calls to localhost? Encrypt with https? That sounds hard since you can't get a real CA to issue you such a cert. I don't see much point in encrypting with https because people off your machine can't sniff or intercept your connection to localhost. Is your goal to protect yourself from other programs or users on your same machine? That might be a valid concern on a machine with multiple users, but definitely makes the problem harder. Or do you want some custom application-level encryption? I can't think of a good way to implement that either, but maybe it's possible. But since I don't know what attacks you're trying to protect against, I can't tell whether there's any benefit at all to encryption. How would DNS rebinding work? I thought DNS rebinding only works if there's some sort of authority that's ambient across hostnames (such as whitelisted user IP ranges, or connectivity to a network), which doesn't seem to apply here. If you do have authority that's ambient across hostnames, my thought of how to protect yourself is to check the Host header. XSS is essentially completely separate from CORS and CSRF. XSS is a bad vulnerability, worse than CSRF, and you can't expect any type of CSRF prevention to protect against XSS. That page says that the Cookie header cannot be "manually set". Headers can still be automatically sent, and the browser can automatically send cookies from the cookie jar. So for example this will not send a request with the manually set cookie: r = new XMLHttpRequest(); r.withCredentials = true; r.addEventListener('load', function(e) {console.log('loaded: ', this, e);}); r.addEventListener('error', function(e) {console.log('error: ', this, e);}); r.open('GET', 'https://www.google.com'); r.setRequestHeader('Cookie', 'somecookie=somecookievalue') r.send(); But this will send a request with the automatically set cookies just fine: r = new XMLHttpRequest(); r.withCredentials = true; r.addEventListener('load', function(e) {console.log('loaded: ', this, e);}); r.addEventListener('error', function(e) {console.log('error: ', this, e);}); r.open('GET', 'https://www.google.com'); r.send(); Assuming the user is already logged in to bank.com , the user's cookies will be automatically sent on the request, and the transfer will go through assuming there is no CSRF protection. Not hard. Just make an html form with the values you want, then with javascript call document.getElementById("myForm").submit(); >The problem isn't that a browser might let a web page on a separate domain send and read any arbitrary request to another domain without permission That's not fully correct. Even without cookies it's bad if a.com can read a response from b.com . Why? Because b.com might be hosted on a private network, and contain private information. We don't want a.com to steal that information. Even if cookies aren't sent, there can be other types of ambient authority, and connectivity to a private network is one of those types of ambient authority. Another similar type is if a website is protected using a whitelist of user IPs. Side note: any website that uses this type of ambient authority that isn't associated with a hostname must also check the Host header to protect against DNS rebinding. Of course if the web was built from the start such that a.com can read b.com just without cookies, then such websites that rely on non-host-associated ambient authority (hopefully) wouldn't be built and you would be right. Just because a native program can do something doesn't mean a website should be able to. A native program can delete all my files without asking me. A website can't. > By default, under the same origin policy, a browser won't allow requests cross origin. Cross origin requests are allowed (as long as they're simple). Reading the response is what's blocked. I think you have a bad acronym collision with Cross-Origin Read Blocking. https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#corb Yes, but that doesn't mean we should build a website that has its CSRF security depend on the Content-Type header. There are other mechanisms to gain this security that are less confusing. >There's only a state-changing GET handler because they chose to work around CORS and you can't POST for images. I'm not sure of that. There's tons of stuff in existence that has state changing GET handlers that don't have the goal of working around CORS, check out the HN upvote button. It's conceivable to me that if Zoom managed to send a CORS response header, they might have used an XHR with GET (considering GET is the default for XHR). But a discussion of GET vs POST seems largely irrelevant, because POST doesn't solve the problem. >Implemented properly this CORS approach does protect against CSRF without the need for an explicit token. The problem is that your definition of "properly" is "must reject requests with a Content-Type other than application/json". That's a non-obvious definition of properly that's not stated in the CORS article. That body parser article is better (although it does seem mistaken about XHRs being unable to make cross-origin requests). The CORS article would be better if it mentioned the Content-Type requirement and linked to the body parser article. Although implementing CSRF protection via Content-Type is somewhat fragile. Someone might want to support a new Content-Type in the future and not realize that the Content-Type restriction is security-critical. Implementing it via an Origin check (or an X-Not-Simple-CORS: true header) would be clearer. Wouldn't that allow the token to be replayed? Attack scenario: 1. Attacker installs zoom. 2. Attacker starts to join meeting foo. 3. zoom.us creates a signed request saying "join meeting foo" and gives it to Attaker. 4. Attacker takes that signed request and sends it from attacker.com to localhost inside Victim's browser. 5. Victim's zoom native app gets the request, validates the signature, and joins the meeting. I think it can be modified to be safe if there's a key exchange between zoom.us and the native app, and zoom.us signs the key exchange with its private key. But this seems hugely overkill compared to a simple Origin check, or even compared to a traditional XSRF token (via a cookie on localhost). Are you saying that because a native app on my system can do something, a website should be able to do it too? A native app on my system can delete all my files without asking me. I don't want a website to be able to do that. If attacker.com makes a request trying to read bank.com/my-bank-account-number should attacker.com be able to do that and read the response? The same origin policy blocks the response from being read. Now that we've established that by default a.com cannot read a response from b.com , CORS allows b.com to relax this restriction so that a.com can read from b.com . This allows one website to communicate back and forth to the server of a different website, making certain APIs easier. I don't consider that useless. Everything you said agrees with what simonebrunozzi said. SMS is a bad 2FA option. The article seems to contradict itself. The table says password strength doesn't matter for brute force unless you're using an unusable password. But then in the conclusion it recommends you use a 9+ character password because that protects you from brute force. Once there's malware on the system you've completely lost, there's nothing Firefox can do ever, so there's no point in trying to provide any protection in that case. I don't know what you mean by "DFA's can't backtrack". Maybe you mean DFAs don't support backreferences, which is true, but NFAs don't support backreferences either. I believe if r is the size of the regex and d is the size of the data, an NFA is O(r) to compile and O(rd) to execute, while a DFA is O(2^r) to compile and O(d) to execute. So DFAs are slower to compile, but faster to execute. Couldn't the malware replace your Firefox icon with a version that points to a malicious patched Firefox? Or whenever it sees Firefox start, it kills it it and starts the malicious Firefox instead. >x=x still takes 555 steps That's a typo. It should say >x=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx still takes 555 steps That sounds strange to me. If you introduce a bug then roll back very quickly, it will only affect high paying customers. If you introduce a bug then roll back a while later, it will impact high paying and low paying customers equally. Why would you want this scenario? If you flip it it seems strictly better to me. > It might also be obvious that once state 4 was reached (after x= was matched) the regular expression had matched and the algorithm could terminate without considering the final x at all. That's true if you just want a boolean result. But if you want to get the matched string (which it appears the actual code does), then you need to continue, because it's using greedy matching. The article says they're going to either switch to RE2 or Rust's regex, both of which use a DFA (a state machine) and have no backtracking. But you do bring up a good point. RE2 and Rust both compile the regex in the same process that executes it. Compiling the regex as part of your build process then pushing the compiled form could have advantages. Can't you just add comments to the actual code saying those things? I've seen code comments saying those exact things. Oh, I misunderstood you originally. I thought you said rollout from highest to lowest. You're actually saying lowest to highest. I believe WAF is a feature customers enable, not all customers have it enabled. So some customers are already open, and in theory wouldn't need to be affected by a WAF outage. The article says that even lazy matches can have catastrophic backtracking. You could use that same logic to argue that they should never write any new code, just live forever on the existing code. But customers want new features, so Stripe does changes. Plenty of other languages including a large percent of recent languages have the return type on the right. Haskell, Visual Basic, Scala, F#, Go, (Rust), Kotlin, TypeScript, Swift. Even c++ allows you to put return types on the right. Why? Because putting the types on the right allows return type deduction. I think it's better to have a single syntax (all types on the right) rather than 2 syntaxes like c++ has. https://medium.com/@elizarov/types-are-moving-to-the-right-2... Shivetya was talking about Telsa battery packs, which are rechargeable. 2a0b:f4c1::7 How is that an IPv4? >Both corporations and environmentalists should support efficient recycling and oppose innefficient recycling. Are you saying that's what corporations should morally do, or that that's what they should logically do to increase profits? It could be that a corporation saying "buy our stuff then recycle it" causes more people to buy the stuff than saying "buy our stuff then throw it away". In that situation, a profit motivated corporation would promote recycling even if it hurts the environment.