Let it prove something first then we have something Not yet but in like 5 years yeah, pretty sure IPad Pro is faster than MacBooks just 3 years ago Don't try to please everyone What's a Quine Just use the normal git fallback command Oh, that's why it got shut down. Thanks What are they used for? A required part for a time machine?? Depends where you work, some will help you gradually learn new stuff. But if you are a contractor, you'd need to learn to keep up. That's why hey are paid more Tell me when there is actually a useful computer, otherwise it's all talk and no action I find if there is a big contrast in noises, say if the office is usually quiet and a coworker starts making noises, they are more distractive than if in a constantly noisy environment and a loud coworker makes noise. I would say the contrast is a huge factor as the article seem to suggest Docker SHALL NOT run databases in production, by design." You need to use external volumes Cease fire is used to buy time, most times both sides understands this I would just buy a good value stock that gets whacked and 2 days after trump wins, and hold for long. What infuriates me more is the people jumping to conclusion about their futures They use rubber gripper to spin each side and known algorithms to solve. The hard part is the speed of the visual recognition. Is methane from cows counted towards a deficit in the carbon trade? Because it's cumbersome-ness decreases usage Very nice coin term for just another deep learning method Weren't people still trying to adapt to angular 3? Last time I checked a week ago 3 of my friends brought a MacBook Pro as long time of users. So you got new users and so called "loyalist" leaves For learners, finishing matters because: 1. The learning you get from going thru whole cycle is valuable for next projects. Even if you release a few turds. Say you release an iOS app as a measure of finish. For veterans, finishing does not matter because: 1. If you see a piece a piece of turd and not able to say no to it, you will probably be wasting valuable time finishing to save face as the author may suggest. --- Is like in war, you need to know when to retreat, and cut losses(save your time and not finish). That's the perplexing part is when to retreat at the right time. They will be exported because the capital isn't readily available there to bring these ppl together in one place. Didn't want to read, at what temperature? Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. They are as secure as the words on that page that they wrote the security on. Can you really trust it? Lol there is no alternative, unless you don't care for any of macOS's features that makes it so great. Seem like a fancy name for parallel computing chip that specialize in efficient parallel computing Maybe old food has more chance to accumulate crap in their system, thus eating it will be worse Reads like a blanket statement Sometimes I come directly and read the comments to deduct a summary instead Aside from the "science" that happens inside the body, has there. Has there been an overall study where you compare the overall life span of a twin? If you are fasting like a 3rd worlder, their mortality rate seem high. What accuracy people care is the car that you have just ordered. The other times when you see a map of cars you can get away 80% of the time using averages What do you guys actually do? If you can find someone to look up to and try to get to their level, that may be one motivation. Also think of somethings you want to change in this world and work towards it. Sarcasm much? I saw th video and it wasn't that disrepectful if you were a normal person, but since he is the CEO of some mega corp, any slight temperament in a bad way will get you this PR If that is the best shot Lyft has, it would seem futile Pump and .. People using 10x leverage to get homes, what do you expect? It still infuriates me when I use a windows PC computer. No complaints here as a Mac user. Don't look too deep, your Mac works. Journalists is crying foul over MacBook specs but to me it still just works great. A house without plumbing In other words, we have a faster server chip coming The issue is the dependence of code completion, google, and IDEs that writes boiler plate code for you, and companies just use stupid services like hackerrank to test algorithm implementations, which has to run and compile properly u see that environment. Then the interviewer should explicitly say he wants to know your thought process too. 99% of them just say code this and let me know when you are done These take home projects are a bit inconsiderate to a candidates time. I've done a few and if you don't watch your time. You could be spending 5-6 hours just trying to please people You need tolls but with public transit upgrades Should have been banned long ago, why would they have allowed an app to alter major behaviors post review? Someone trying to give them the Koolaid Isn't this how magic leap got started? Low valuation at first then bigger and bigger.. This is a pointless argument, we all know AI is all about thought. If a person can't move does he still have intelligence? I have a 2016 pro and only annoyance is touch bar glitch and accidental touches sometimes. The issue with ports isn't an issue if you just think about it. Is like having 4 USB 3.0 ports and complaining about it Use glass sword on lord British All the counterfeit talk, what is out there that is less counterfeit and as convenient? Lets hear some fine alternatives The UI is excellent, you can pause, go back and the cues are great to capture attention How is returning money to investors so investors can invest somewhere else be productive in the Apple sense? If they acted on that reasoning they would do donations I think rest in human term is different than machines. Also, that is just a cleanup mode, machines can induce that with or without "rest" People critique this piece as inaccurate but should instead should realize the way to attract attention is to get you first to read it. It then gets people talking. If you really get his point, he meant drinking juice that filters out the pulp isn't as good as filtered, and maybe harmful given that example he noted. It happens all the time even in small scale. One of the food fests for example, when I got there, there were foods that had nothing to do with the theme and they started mark up prices on the spot because there wasn't enough. Never mind I had to pay to get in on the first place and the food was horrible. If they pay, it gives them more reasons to come back next year to another studio and go for another round, thus it becomes part of a yearly recurring expense every studio must account for in their balance sheets lol In other words, rest. All those things you propose are controlled by individual companies or the government. Musk is only doing what he thinks he can to reduce traffic. Yes, as soon as they sense competition from electrical vehicles That's no excuse Short version - they fixed an issue but the fix had dependencies To summarize, is genius because it keeps devs happy. It's an apple move Let's just look at big picture on what actuall affects stock prices over log run: a good company is be found out eventually Maybe one of those flying alien viruses from Alien: Covenent will come out The video/onboard tried too cute to make the Travel mode = off a confusing ambiguity by making just gray. If you don't want to waste people's time make things explicit. The royal family there that has military there owns England They don't understand the move probably the AI has a memory depth that is way beyond any human, some of those moves are the best possible look aheads for that situation I can imagine the founders or investors going " hey! bad publicity is good publicity, let's ride it out" without an exit plan American prison is actuall not a system but a culture. Think of how hard it is to change a culture, you probably need new leadership with enough power like a CEO at Microsoft to do something drastic in a reasonable amount of time, say 10 year frame. Ppl keep saying a lot without even thinking is a relative term. For images a lot means enough to get to x percentage accuracy, for OCR for a single font, a lot means 26 letters + special chars and numbers. Stop saying a lot blindly like every one underatands. Horror show Only certain things can be borrowed, like one time use things. If it's long term, it's be a better investment to buy than to pay each time The risk is if you buy and continues to fall to 0.02 cents and stays there. In the normal stock market, this is an action called Taking out the Stops. Market makers can know where stops are placed so they may sell some to get it to hit those prices and have stops automatically trigger Doesn't macs firewall do the same thing for blocking apps? Maybe the more you eat the more chance you eat crap that is adverse to your health hence the variations Network latency This isn't profound because a phone is made to distract you, or from a business view, get your attention Still can't make a (edit-added SKYPE.) call from contacts app in iOS. What's so hard about that? Anything that promises a rate higher than what govt can promise is a scam. Ie tbills Engineering is basically how to be solving problems given constraints and how to properly solve it. I think breaking down the problem in small steps is the method to use to get you 80% of the work done in 20% of the time. Claiming something is secure is more like claiming an over unity perpetual machine The title should say "..more productive - For Me" I was sold on Forking, I'm sure no pun intended Working from home messes you up in more ways than you notice. One is that you tend to eat more and the other thing is it can stress you your will power bencause ther are so many distractions. One last thing is you move walk around as much as you do, your brain needs blood flowing, oxygen. Ever heard of drowning causing brain damage? Extreme analogy but that's because of lack of oxygen, I'm sure less than optimal oxygen can't be as good Lol, knowing the route means you can do the job. Some would think when we are trying stuff or planning for a project is not getting things done,but the act of planing the right path could get you to point B faster than if you just heads down code and feel productive. Unless it can only become one of the properties at one time Your attention is now helping how the corporation want you to use your time to help them make money. It all seem like a win win but your share of win is much lower. You miss out on introspection of yourself or other matters, that's just the tip or the iceberg Head gets hit repeatedly. That's the most complex and delecate organ in your body. I don't know live appendages that can take hits repeatedly without any long term side effects. Money talks in the NFL, so as long as that gets passed around, they are not taming it down unless the govt steps in Easy for a iphone tapper in to say until it affects you ARKits ease of use and is way ahead of vuforia. The advantage of ARKit is also OS integrated. Teslas travel network involving Autonomous driving, Boring and hyperloop network. How about the one trait that is always underrated - Luck You'd be even more sick from trying to check your FB for Apple Watch when fb notice the trend to use watch only. So if they missed a small pack of drugs that some slipped in there, some ones life is ruined Must be the software detecting certain patterns to trigger certain functions. Fake the sequence of patterns and you can control some outcomes. Favicons rainbowing up my top tab just acts as even more distractions. It only helps marginally because if you open 10 stackoverflow tabs, you would still need to open each one to see what’s what. That’s why Safari has the tabs overview view that shows you what’s inside. You can’t tell exactly, but you can most of the time. Open office is alive and well, there are always gonna be certain office cultures that likes it Because the complier has optimized it better than you. A lot of the frameworks(keras, Theanos) uses Cuda close to the metal, so they would need to write alternative interfaces and the to be supported by these libraries The issue with ASIC is that when there is new AI algorithms that gets developed, they may not be even able to use those. General purpose hardware will be able to. You are stuck and need to upgrade. Elon Musk begs to differ.. Numbers and percentage can be deceiving. Also another reason if the percentage is increasing is that there is more of a urge to try to copy what daredevils do on YouTube, maybe they make it look easy. Or they want to create highlight videos themselves but highlights are the tricky stuff others haven’t done. Wouldn’t it take too long to train with such amount of data? I’m thinking the NN has to be constantly be in training because you never want to miss some data sets that contain special categories and not to miss them when in the inference stage How does training the NN using a limited frame per second affect the training accuracy? Why not go higher or lower than the one you are using? Easy for them to say such things and devalue the engineering effort that goes into miniaturizing such tech and having the software to match it. And I thought this was pretty quiet in terms of UI and simplicity If you put a black box over it, the crystal is exhibit one type of learning mode that complex learner like humans has many modes; the ability to adapt and filter Is like pirat s asyi g copy’s are destroying their incomes because they are getting shut down So what happens if it runs in something like jupyter notebook mixed with runtime code? How does sewage work in there? So is 1, i, j, 7, l, 5, s, o, 0 just the tip of the iceberg here I’m no nuclear physicist but from this article, they weren’t even close to critical. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demon_core So this thing only can be trained with a the built in algorithm? More like all we need to do is have it go where we want it to go Most times I wouldn’t believe, but they proved they could do it from the success so far with the toilet project Bing gives obvious inferior results when I have been using it Amazon got volume discount I’m sure, and provides marketing for twillo Having known many Japanese, I feel they like to be concise and simple in their expression, they do like infer a lot and not be direct, hence no need to spell everything out all the time 100,000 rpm redline engine would be one of its selling points You get more bulky and expensive device for the right to repair. Would not want that. Try chrome on a Mac, it constantly revs up the CPU and eats way more memory than safari We are missing the one with Homer in it Safari wait time to me is pretty much non existent already. Even if it is a bit faster, do I want to change browsers for an example 100% speed increase from 100 to 50ms? Let me guess, it was hard to get to it When a software concept is explained in code it leaves no ambiguity, can anyone verify this is a legit explanation? I do find it make sense but some code such as the Proof of Work I had to just trust the writer without testing it out Not dragging down entire AI and machine learning, but keeping Americans AI powess down. Any reason why they presented it on windows 2000? Are the structure same throughout the areas where we think in general? Otherwise there could be some sort of programming involved to get the brain to think predictively So Google treats customers like that? Pay for a more expensive product, get better support? Open source it if they are so noble I’ve never heard of such metric, being useful measure of utilization without indicating duration or with another metric. How does one prove they did that officially? Any guarantee is unrealistic, depending on who you ask. There are so many points of potential slow downs that it is. Not realistic. To say a minimum. Sounds like the classic ad selling something that is actually not as fast as it claims The potential of what a human brain is able to achieve.. Don’t be jealous guys How is he a top talent if he only excels in a narrow area and completely bombs the others? What is an Edge device?? Can someone explain a few practical reasons why someone would want to build their own. Other than to learn or to do an ICO Buggy but usable 99% of the time. I’m not sure what others are saying about jump to functions broke, works for me, 99% of the time My dad would answer when I was a kid, at the end, there is just a wall, but then I’d ask what what’s beyond the wall and that was the end of the conversation This will catch up to Moore’s law when it does come out one day Maybe use these for trucks and CAT vehicles I thought this is a new type of drug 2000s was a time when even penny stocks that did similar stuff to real company’s, they would go up big just from stock board members pumping them up That’s a loaded sentence with 2 terms i have not Idea what they are. Depth 3 and polynomial time One way to beat back these types of attack is to have the software do a type of image filtering that averages out the adjacent pixel in a indeterminate(random) way before feeding into the NN for inference I just thought of a concept of using a water fall to fill a tank that gets lifted up and then when gravity makes the lift fall to the bottom, water is dumped by opening a gate. Something near the top blocks the water from refilling it while the lift moves back up. This is more efficient than moving a rock up and down, given the gate opening and water blocking is energy efficient. You can put this under hydro dams for extra energy after it passes the turbines. Why waste right? How about a system that loads springs as mechanical energy, do that have those? How hard is it to get it to run using CoreML? Basically you extract a matrix representation of the active or inactive regions that is classified and have DNN learn it like you would learn images, is that a correct assumption? Anyone tried the inference speed? Maybe you should start coding, you may actually like it too It feels like all of musks other business could align and take over everything, sort of like Go strategy The fact that they think there is perfection in such a thing should already be the wrong path to go down on I can yeah you C in 24 seconds, but how much you learn would be limited to 24 seconds of material Maybe the AI determined brightening the image is all it’s needed, who knows what the reasoning was lol Classic arbitrage opportunity trade This prove how dominant Nvidia is, Intel and AMD is literally shaking in their boots to even consider partnering up to attempt to defeat a common enemy Meaning everything can be predicted if you know the equation and have enuough processing power. Problem is doing the calculation in the same universe where you are also predicting it also disrupts the calculation. Something in the line of the uncertainty principle Is all about making the experience better to compete with online shopping. Retail can check out how movie theatres differentiate themselves from the living room. This guys seem to know nothing about economics. A company can be enticed with tax exemptions to setup shop there and in return help the count in many ways. The tip of the iceberg is employment, talent generation and the surrounding areas where the office is placed. This paper seem to be made to stir stuff up amongst people who thinks this is a simple matter This is one of those I’ll beleive it when I see one rumours Trojan horse 101 lesson for AMD You all would be surprised how many people will operate and act like him in worse ways. He’s putting it in business, however it looks dumb for what he did, people gamble in casinos, what would you say to that? He had a dream, was dumb, reckless but attempt to fulfill it. Hard life lessons learn the hardest of ways Well the red flag was he didn’t even bring in someone that knows how to check out a kitchen and inspect the damn place before committing to it Kitchens are 10x more complicated than a room that needs to house table and chairs only with a few plugs for coffee machine. The power needed to create a HD need to be accounted for and the metal supply that it lowers could create issues that needs electricity to make up for, just a theory. Rich kids with some brain and brawns. I just want to be fair with the rich kids Is the demand for it that is creating the rise of illicit data collections. There are team intangibles that you get with open offices. You get to be more aware of what is happening, in a subconscious way. I’ve seen both open and cubicles, both have plus and minus. This dude clearly has his own taste and thinks he can speak for everyone I was referring him making the article title sound like is gospel, i also blame the need to have a click bait title to get people to read it Can we derive some type of optimization algorithms from using this? These guys doesn’t seem to understand capsule network all the much, they had a translational image showing a rotated cat, now modified to properly show it translated I thought CNN was also translational invariant, why are they saying it’s not? Very nice write up on the experiment Could this be Gates undoing? There is so much variables that can rack up costs, let alone red tapes and fraudsters A lot of people hate small talk because of their success rate of small talk. “How are you doing?”, “yeah it’s good, how have you been?” “Not too bad”. “...” I think one of them has a delaying effect which kicks, need to google it Negotiations 101, always reject the first offer? I’m eagerly waiting for someone to use the imageNet data on it and show some prelim results I really think the great filter is us destroying ourselves from by inventing something that goes out of control or just by war itself. Yeah like in Mass effect Why would I use this for iOS when I can use CoreML and convert TensorFlow into a CoreML model where there is already native support? Someone can just write a CoreML tool to convert. There could already be one that converts non-lite version straight to CoreML Maybe human eyes will evolve to better read smaller characters over a bigger area like the ever expanding phone screens Is all in the converter tool, if the converter tool can get the tf file into a .mlmodel properly, then it will be supported. Inside is just a bunch of weights and layers and parameters. We just need a proper script to translate it Looks like you are right, CoreML only support these 3 DNNs: Feedforward, convolutional, recurrent. I suppose capsule nets are not any one of those, if it were implemented in TF It would make evolutionary sense to have the ability to select better sperm. These guys time the door to close to match the time of departure, I.e if the door and the warning tone takes 5 seconds, they’d press the close button 5 seconds before the time of departure, and the door motors are calibrated to be precisely to close in a certain speed always. They have timers to make sure they are not off. So that’s why 20 seconds to them is like an embarrassment When max profits means max attention from users this will naturally get public companies like FB to craft products this way Probably some sort of gene expression Maybe somebody is already using deep learning to train DNA with faces. Not sure how the architecture would look like but I think some form of unsupervised learning to find features mixed with GAN. As AI get smarter and places like Google collect more data about you, they will eventually know all the right buttons to press to get you to look and not look away.