I didn't read the article, but did read a book about twenty five years ago. My take away was that the big deal with genetic algorithms is they work without much/any domain specific knowledge. That is one of the great underpinning of biological evolution. However the European monetary union isn't a union like you see in the US or other huge countries. In the US we have probably 100-200 billion a year in transfer payments. Automatic stabilizers like social security and unemployment insurance, etc. And then we have a true central banking system Bank in Florida goes under, it's not Florida's problem it's the Federal Reserves problem. If a state isn't able to use currency exchange rates to control in flow and out flow of money then you need these types of things to keep the system stable. Europe doesn't. So you are indeed right about not being able to pick and choose. You can't take control of a counties currency away from them without guaranteeing that the central bank and government will have their back economically. In c often I use underscores to deal with lack of name spaces and or classes. As in Module_FunctionName() I think my point is dereferencing a pointer address zero is 'undefined' but here is the rub, what happens is entirely out of the optimizer and compilers control because it depends on the context that the program is run under. One can't determine at compile time what will happen. In fact the compiler can't make any assumptions about a pointer whose value has been hard coded. uint8_t b = (uint8_t ) 0x30; // 0x30 is the address of PORT D on an AVR Atmega8 It's up to the author to show us this mythical compiler. I read a really good comment by I think Nolan Bushnell about engineers. He said said he got asked all the time about how to avoid hiring unproductive engineers. And he said he found that baffling. Because an unproductive engineer just costs the company their salary. More important is ferreting out and eliminating negatively productive managers, engineers, and technicians in that order. Algorithms? Why would you care if a programmer knows the details unless that's the job. More important is how they approach and attack a problem. Sometimes a half broken shell script is fine. Or leveraging a database because even though slow an inefficient it will do it right. Half the secret to success is... Um.. seriously just watch this video and you'll know it's truth. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5LiQcY0bqk Listen, and understand! That Ellisonator is out there! It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you give it money. If the wind decided to blow to the south instead of the normal westerly, Tokyo would be uninhabitable. Also same subduction fault that the earthquake was on runs down the coast off shore of Tokyo. Seriously the only thing that save the Japaneses butts was the wind blew most of the radiation offshore. I call those tests the airplane test. say you need to hire an airplane designer and you know d*ck all about aircraft design. You have two candidates both that tell you they have a new design being flow this week. So you go and watch, Candidate A's aircraft trundles down the runway and then crashes and burns. Candidate B's takes to the air and then lands. Candidate A could be a smooth talker and Candidate B could sound like a stuttering loon but B is the choice. Yeah but that doesn't explain the decline in forcible rape in the US from 1970 to present. I'm remembering at least some versions of basic were pass by reference for all types. I've done some stuff in .net. One of the advantages is the learning curve is pretty fast. So it's not a huge investment. The flip side is it seems a lot of .net jobs are sausage making. Not very much in the way of cutting edge or exciting stuff gets done in .net. Though too cutting edge often is crash and burn, where run of the mill projects can last years and years. (Don't knock a steady paycheck) I would say two months straight of serious study and practice would be more than enough to solidly know your way around the language, .net libraries and tools. Buy a good book. I don't actually do client side (or server side stuff) as primary work. However .net is very useful for kicking out simple GUI based tools. If you want to do that, .net has the fastest learning curve end of story. One of the things I noticed in school and later working is a lot of people excel when the problem is spoon fed to them. When the constraints and and desired answer are very mechanical. As it gets fuzzier, a lot of people even 'smart' people start having real issues. And you see the usual cognitive blockers kick in. 'frustration, fear, anger' Meaning, the usual academic problem where you are given the inputs, and only the inputs you need, and a desired solution, doesn't actually match up that well with real world problems. The other thing I've seen is a _lot_ of formally trained engineers are motivated by puzzles. Once they've solved it, all the other things that apply to the real world, like deadlines, shipping projects, making customers happy, and making money for the company are not the least amount interesting to them. And those schools are nothing but quantity theory of money cargo cultists or worse, gold bugs. That problem with you, is your so reflexively focused on government debt that you can't get your head around the fact that most of the Southern countries in trouble DIDN'T HAVE LARGE GOVERNMENT DEFICITS. They had large and growing public debt most of it related to borrowing to buy private assets. And unsupportable wage inflation. Go look it up, the governments of Italy, Spain, etc except for Greece weren't borrowing beyond their means. What they were suffering from was out of control inflows of cash. Inflows of cash in a country with it's own currency tends to be self limiting, because as money flows in the exchange rate adjusts making investments less attractive. (A country with a well run central bank will actively adjust the exchange rate to prevent the inevitable panic and flight that happens at the end of a bubble, or you have a bubble and it sucks for a while) Part of the problem with the Euro is weaker member countries can't control the flow of capital into and out of the country. Yet they are on the hook for the mal effects that result. This is wrong. There is actually an acceptable number of hours, it's somewhere near the number of hours you can work without burning out. For me that is about 5-7 hours a day. Two things I remember, one was an old guy talking about working in a windshield factory, where they made windshields for cars. They had a line. While he was working their they sped it up by 25% and management was happy happy joy joy. The workers were getting run ragged though and after a few weeks the defect rate started creeping up. After a few months the defect rate was so high that they were producing less finished product than when the line speed was slower. Took another year for the plant manager to get fired and bring in a guy who turned the line speed back down. The other is the first place I worked their were two younger coders and they were being flogged to work 9-10 hours days, basically being given unreasonable deadlines. After a few years they burned out and the company fired them. Twenty years later both of them are still damaged. I did some of the same, hurt my wrist, which is still a little messed up. After that I decided I didn't care I was going to work as much as I though possible and that's that. You only have so many hours a day. Instead of using yourself up, concentrate really hard on not wasting your time. Me, I've never been fired for not working enough hours. Not a game programmer but, impression I get is a number of games use interpreted languages as glue. Certainly sound to me like thee is a dichotomy between must run fast at all costs, and must be flexible speed matters not at all. I think game programming is an area where a high percentage of the code base needs to run fast, even if it's not run very often. If it causes the frame rate to slip, the user is going to notice. In my case, embedded, optimizing for size is everything. And usually only a very small portion of the code needs to run fast. One problem that people are running into with optimizing compilers is with embedded often you are interested in the physical side effects of your code, not it's mathematical end state. Optimizing compilers are increasing not respecting the former in preference to the latter. That reminds me of a window forms program I wrote for a customer, I added the ability to do a right click, add comment to pretty much anything on the forms and controls. Getting that input simplified a lot of things. For one the context of what the user was complaining about was usually utterly obvious. Sometimes a comment was a bug report. Or a feature request. Or just fixing my poorly written help docs. An of course plain C does not have 'objects' and a _lot_ of architectures have stuff mapped at address 0x0 Oddly enough I'm looking at the source for a command line tool, written in C# that runs under windows, but I need it to run under linux. I have to say, the two best things that happened to language design in the last fifteen years was. 1. Sun sued Microsoft for trying to improve Java. And so Gates went out and hired the guy that designed Turbo Pascal and Delphi to head up C# development. Because of course java and it's libraries are completely unsuitable for desktop development. 2. Oracle bought Sun and suddenly every company that absolutely cannot tolerate being Larry Ellison's b.. started investing in in-house programing languages. All those big companies have spent oodles of money on making sure Larry can't drink their milkshake. NAnyway as a sometime C#/.net code slopper I welcome Microsoft tossing their hat in ring. Seriously Linux and iOS seriously needs these tools. Where I get twitchy is the practice of coding has changed a lot since Knuth made that quote. Optimizing code in that era typically made it brittle and hard to reason about. Pre-optimizing meant continuously painting yourself in a corner. I used to think about it as like a seamstress sewing a dress, she doesn't start out sewing nice neat tight stitches, that's for later. Once she knows she's not going to have to rip the seams apart again. Some optimizations don't matter anymore. Back in the hoary old days pointers in C were faster than indexed arrays. Not anymore. But people still assume it's worth it. Twenty years ago, you paid a serious price for unaligned accesses. Not any more. Yet compilers still rigorously align data in memory. Which might actually make things slower. As the follow on poster said, make the code clean and easy to reason about. People often like to think they are writing code like the big boys, where it'll get used by vast number of people. Much like a lot of hardware designers design stuff as if they are going to make millions of units. 99% of the time that's not true. Thus the NRE costs totally dominate. The deal is the people chartered with the task of providing an accurate timebase are failing to do so because they are adding and subtracting arbitrary units of time. So if you actually need a monotonic timebase, you can't get it without having a human diligently subtracting leap seconds at random times. The proper thing to do is to generate a proper monotonic timebase and then publish a separate offset with microsecond or better resolution. Thus people that need monotonic time are happy and people that want to set the wall clocks are happy. Also seriously, leap seconds suck as an offset because a second is a huge amount of time for many applications. This is good dating advice too. First comment about employers treating a coworker badly. It's a good general rule, if someone does something nasty to someone else, stick around and they'll do it to you too. My simplistic take away is it's an answer to this question about algorithms. For a problem you can have a number of different algorithms to solve the problem. And a number of algorithms to check the solution to a problem. This is a point that is skipped over and trips lay people up because in school people are usually taught _the algorithm_ for solving a problem. But there are all sorts of ways to skin the cat mathematically. Some of these algorithms are great and some are 'bad' Polynomial time algorithms are good. Ones that blow up exponentially are bad. The question is, if you find a good polynomial time checking algorithm for a problem, does that mean there are polynomial time solving algorithms for that problem? Or not. Just wanted to add, out of my butt I think the point not explicitly stated is, if you can prove P=NP then I think it means that you can also mechanically transform polynomial checking algorithms into polynomial time solving algorithms. I worked at minor start-up once. They actually had not very much money* and I needed work badly. The contract was explicit that I was being paid a percentage of my hourly rate with a hard promise to pay the rest in monthly installments the second year. The advantage of this is once the 'teaser rate' expires you aren't 'negotiating a raise' to get you back to market rates. * As opposed to no money, aka the types of companies where the real profit is in the difference between what they pay their employees and the market rate. You can try bing maps. I'm basically done with google maps for good. My impression is it's no long a map service but show me the nearest Chili's Grill & Bar on my smart phone service. I got that feeling again when I was trying to learn 6502 assembly. Amusingly at least in gcc #\\ this appears legal In the past I've wanted a tool like that, but now I've come around to the idea that I want an editor that will display the code the way I'm used to however it's formatted. Lining up the equals signs would be a good candidate for an display formatting plugin. One the other hand when I've raised that idea with programmer friends of mine you can see the hair stand up on the back of their necks. People seem to really hate the idea that the editor might show you seaMonkey(do) instead of sea_monkey(do) So meaning, oh yes please drop support for 32bit, please!!!! The Wikipedia mentions 1 milibar (1/1000 of atm). From a structural standpoint that's a complete vacuum. Makes sense if you're Musk and want to jot down to Santa Monica to see your mistress Friday evening. (Come on seriously this is what this is all about, you know it, I know it) Not so good if you want to commute to your worker bee cubical job Monday morning. That in line with my long held and unpopular thought that really our bodies are rife with mutated and somewhat broken colonies of cells. The idea that you have a slow build up of mutations which finally runaway once the tumor has gotten large is probably just one scenario and perhaps much less common than people want to believe. Very possible you have a the right mutation in a microscopic colony of abnormal cells, and it'll start metastasizing right away. Other cells, will maybe form non-invasive and often self-limiting tumors. And yeah, thyroid cancer and prostate cancers are way way over diagnosed and over treated to no positive effect. I think seriously the intrinsic thing is that the language itself doesn't marshal (right word, not sure) anything that's particularly fat. The classic is if allocating memory require dealing with a general purpose garbage collector. If that's the case you're pretty much dead as far as systems stuff goes because now you can't predict how long anything will take to run. And the minimal libraries usually need to be light weight as well. Or at least such that you can strip out what's not wanted. Here again garbage collection becomes an issue. If the language supports it natively then it's going to be impossible in practice to prevent the libraries from using it for something unexpected. The last bit is escape. There are always some cases where the language doesn't have the ability to implement a critical bit of stuff and you need a way to seamlessly mess with that something. In simple you need to be able to insert a bit of arbitrary code and have it work properly. I think one uses goto's for two sometimes three reasons. 1. Sometimes one feels the need to abuse exceptions. But C doesn't have exceptions. So one abuses the old goto instead. 2. Sometimes the code is far more readable if you use a goto to short circuit a complex block of code. Which will become insufferably more complicated if it has to say keep track of a trivial case. if(this and not trivial case) else this and not trivial. if(case a and not trivial case) else {if not trivial case) 3. You can use long jumps to do exception handling stuff. I've never had to actually do this. One comment. I remember trying to read ancient code that abused goto's mostly because the programmer was desperately trying to fit everything into 4k of prom in languages that didn't support structured code. That was the kind of stuff Dijkstra was bitching about, not uses 1, 2, and 3. And actually since C has always had modern control structures goto just is not abused much in practice. Probably the opposite. Side note. int my_var = 3; my_var = "abc"; Just usually generates a warning when compiled. If run my_var will usually get loaded with the address of "abc". If you follow it with the statement printf("my_var=%s\n", my_var); // this will throw a warning It'll print 'my_var=abc' You have a couple of options with make under windows. There are native versions of make. Where you are using dos shell commands to do stuff. MinGW provides Posix compatible native commands. (you can use ls, cat, etc commands). You can use msys which gives you a Posix compatible build env. Finally something like Cigwin provides both a Posix compatible build env and Posix compatible runtime as well. When I was shooting bows, if you did things properly, you wouldn't hit your forearm. The problem is if you blow chow and don't notch the arrow properly. Or the notch blows out. Or the arrow shatters when you let loose. Then the string will hit your arm. I got hit once with a 35lb bow. I don't want to get bit by a 60-70 lb bow string nohow no way. Depends on where you are in your career. If you're young and fresh getting entry level jobs then yeah. Older with more experience, networking is everything. One will find it increasingly difficult to find jobs via cold calling. Even if you are, and especially if you are rolling around hopping jobs inside a large corporation networking will be everything. BTW: A lot of companies try and work things to keep their employees from interacting outside of narrowly defined corporate controlled channels. Don't let them do that to you. The reason generally given is that in at least standard cars the brakes can apply far more torque than the engine can. It's telling how naive people are, they think the problem is 'unintended acceleration' A mechanical engineer thinks the problem describe is 'unintended brake failure' I think there is a tendency to think of fuel rods as a problem rather than the solution to a problem, which is raw spent fuel is nasty. The cheapest and easiest way to deal with spent fuel is to store it for decades while the worst of the radio-isotopes decay. Fuel rod technology allows you to do that, a molten salt design doesn't. I'm okay with this argument but is seems to bother people that you can't recover spent fuel now rather than waiting 25 years so they cast about for solutions to what is really a psychological annoyance . See the quest for reusable launch systems like the space shuttle. The only thing that went right with Fukushima was the wind blew the radio isotopes over the pacific (mostly) and the rest of the stuff that leaked out went into the ocean. People would be singing a different tune if the wind blew all that stuff on shore. Quite a number of nuclear plants are located in places not so fortunate. For instance consider the location of three mile island, located well inland on the Susquehanna River. If you had a containment loss at three mile island, it'd be a big big mess. People say these plants are all safe, and newer plants are safer, but the near catastrophic failures don't give one a warm feeling. The one that stands out to me was pin hole corrosion through the cladding on the top of a reactor vessel. That lead to a large cavity corroding unnoticed in the mild steel. Which which was discovered when someone noticed an odd budge in the top. if that had failed, you would have had total loss of cooling and a melt down. The classic example is Navier–Stokes equations of viscous fluid flow. True story, one of my college professors handed out a homework assignment that no one could solve. Far as I could tell the boundary conditions described journal bearing that wasn't stable. Such things exist. I think other very hard to deal with are equations where the solution diverges exponentially due to small changes in boundary conditions. Orbital mechanics is like that. Not sure but I can see a situation where the set of equations that describe the solution form a series that never converges to a regular pattern. (irrational series? as irrational numbers but with equations) I think quantum mechanics is like that (Don't quote me) My gut feeling about Aluminum foil is that because of the hard oxide coating it's difficult to get two pieces to make a continuous electrical connection along any length of it. And you can't solder to it. My suggestion is to use copper tape or thin tinned copper sheet instead. My other suggestion if hand prototyping is to use vector board with top and bottom ground planes. Note a lot of vector board designs are total crap. Either no ground plane or has 'power buses' The buses are horrible for grounding. The reason is you want the return current in any signal to travel in a ground plane under the wire. with a 'bus' the return current runs off down the bus creating a large loop. Loops are bad, any magnetic or electrical field that the crosses the loop will induce noise. What struck me is it looks seriously like Hungarian notation applied to function naming. It's not just CS, but probably more common with CS. There are two kinds of engineers. 1. Those that love love love solving Puzzles. 2. Those that question whether solving this or that puzzle is going to bring in any money for the company. For a places like google or deranged YC startups, whether what you are assigned has any bearing on cash flow is something way above the typical engineers paygrade. There are a lot of companies where that isn't true. BTW: Bit of advice for anyone going into a technical fields. Learn to write, English . Learn it well. How to clearly explain idea's and requirements. How things work, how they are broken. Justify what you did, or cover your butt. Where you are in twenty years will depend mostly on this. Learn to speak fluently in front of a group of people. Or whatever the locally appropriate language is. Pedro comacho The former informer of the secret police Is still standing outside the club Pretending to be blind He watches the last plane to miami Disappearing in a flaming purple sky Now he knows He has been left behind For those that missed the last plane to Miami (meaning all of you), the author was bitching that the rule in programming 'functions should be short, one page, etc' is as wrong as the rule that in writing sentences should be short. Congratulations for reading the article and exacting content. I think the meta observation is there are rules imposed on students to prevent them from developing bad habits. But these aren't hard rules in practice. Same applies to code slopping. Bruce wrote the article, Wire put the bunk UK propaganda click bait headline on it. Wired is dirty. I always had this feeling that with one based indexing, 70s era compilers ended up subtracting one from the index. For each and every element access made. Because memory decoding circuits don't start at one, they 'start' with 0000...000. Course it would be possible to just waste the first element, but 70's era memory... Waste a 16 bit word here, and there and suddenly you're talking real money. I watches a few videos by Robert Lustig at UCSF. My take away is healthwise a can of Coke == one shot of booze. Partly because the fructose in HFCS and or table sugar shares the same metabolic pathway in the liver as ethanol. People that eat a lot of sugar tend to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. 24 grams HFCS is 14 grams fructose. A shot of 40 proof booze is 14 of grams ethanol. Also the slug of glucose in a can of Coke spikes your blood sugar, which spikes your insulin levels. This is also not good. Take away from that eat complex carbs. Difficulty a lot of 'health food' contains processed carbs. My gut unsupported feeling is, people living sedentary lifestyles, which is most people, don't require much in the way of carbohydrates. The step function is about techniques for analyzing discontinuous functions. You can create discontinuous functions by multiplying a normal continuous function by the unit step function. Which was at the time a new thing. It took the mathematical community a long time to get comfortable the techniques. Indeed if you take college math they call it the 'unit step function' in order to avoid referring to it as the Heaviside equation, which is what it's called if you take engineering math. Constants, reciprocals, parabolas have been known since the time of the ancient Greeks or earlier. Classically they are called Conic Sections. There are other types functions that are named after people. Taylor Series and Bessel Functions come to mind (after Brook Taylor and Friedrich Bessel). There are more of course. Problem with rewrites is there is the terrible gap that opens up between the old stuff which goes stale quickly, and the new stuff which isn't ready for prime time. Cash-flow then dries up right as the amount of work needed is maximal. Death follows quickly. Here they did not rewrite from scratch they developed a bridge that allowed them to keep moving forward as the world that the old software was based on disappeared. And now they are on the other side with a code-base that works and has been providing cash-flow the whole time. I disagree R&D is usually a faction of the cost needed to go into production. The large the number of units, the greater that ratio is. For mass produced products it can be 10:1. Consider if you're going to ship 10,000 of something that costs $25 to produce. You need a $250,000 just for inventory. You need a way to assemble, test, and ship the product. Deal with 10,000 customers. Designing the production flow, jigs and fixtures, quality control, training up people, all requires money and engineering time. The business and sales side of things requires time and money. I've seen numbers of products stall out because the developers fail to get enough funding to go into production. Also in a lot of cases markets move slowly. You can introduce a product and the buyers will just nibble for the first year or two if you're not an established name. Your company has to be able to keep the lights on during that time. Well it's nice to see the cancer that is eclipse being 86's from one platform at least. Not really because there are two kinds of c programer out there. 1. Those that communicate with the outside world exclusively via library calls to an operating system. 2. Those that do not. People that live in world #1, usually don't get people living in world #2. Example. // wait for write ready while((spi.S & SPI_S_SPTEF_MASK) == 0) ; spi.D; spi.D = data; Guess what, No spi.D; is actually important. No just because the program never writes to spi.S does not mean you can delete the while loop. No you cannot reorder any of this and have it work. Sort of the point is, in pure languages only the symbolic operations are important. And the side effects (memory operations) are unimportant and beyond the control of the programmer. So you can do all sorts of transformation on the code without effecting the end result. C is definitely impure. There is a large set usage cases where the memory layouts are important. Where the orders of operation and memory accesses are important. What I worry about is when the optimizer is allowed to make assumptions about undefined behavior, that may be actually important on certain targets. Consider referencing a null pointer. Winows7, Linux, in user land if you do that and you'll get a seg fault. And if the default handler runs your program dies. The ARM cortex processor I've been slopping code for, reading a null pointer returns the initial stack pointer. Writing generates a bus fault. Since I actually trap that, and error message gets written into non-initialize memory and then the processor gets forcibly reset. On an AVR reading a null pointer gives you the programs entry point. Writing to that location typically does nothing. Though you can write to it if running out of a special 'boot sector' and you've done some magic incantations. So that's the problem I have with the idea that 'undefined means the optimizer can make hash of your program' instead of trusting the back end of the compiler will do something target appropriate. I think these sensors implement n color vision, working a lot like the ear does. Instead of just detecting three colors you detect hundreds of colors. With each dot tuned to a fairly narrow band of light you get good selectivity. What I wish, I wish there was a flag in unicode to declare characters as 'unsafe user input' so that system utilizes and databases can recognize unsafe user input and barf on it. I find myself often having the issue where the code digging through what can and often is, garbage. At some point you find it's pointless to continue. You are done. Fin. Goto error; in that case makes absolutely perfect sense. Two things about goto and jmp instructions. Most people have no idea how badly they were abused back in old days. For instance to jump into the middle of a subroutine. Yay just saved 9!!! words of core memory!!! And most people forget that old computer scientists were obsessed with creating grammars that you could write formal proofs for. You can if your encoding is explicit about what's in band and out of band. I get the feeling you've never written a protocol ever. >The EU was never to be a transfer union, this setup was required to get the large economic countries to accept the weaker countries being admitted. Not compensating economically weaker countries in a currency union is completely unjust and immoral. Weaker countries give up the ability to control exchange rates. And they have to deal with trading in stronger currency than they would if they were going it alone. This makes their exports relatively unattractive. > The IMF is pulling back because they were overly generous giving the Greek government far more support that rules generally permitted. I think the IMF is pulling back because they can't stomach this crap anymore. > Greece has the highest military spending vs GDP of any NATO nation second to the US. Right so French and German defense contractors bribed previous Greek politicians to buy weapons systems on credit. And the ECB etc are dead set that that part of the Greek budget continue as usual. Right. I now understand that your point here is to be insulting. I think hysteria would be warranted if the Chinese government were to take a Schumpeter/Hayek/Mellon liquidationist response to the collapse of the market bubble (see the US/Europe circa 1929). Why yes then you would have contagion spreading out into the real economy and a long depression. I'm thinking not. Instead I the Chinese central bank will inject liquidity again, much to the horror of the WSJ Editorial board who will again sternly warn that such actions, mark their words! come to an bad end! snort That's all nice and stuff, but in 2010 Gov. Chris Christie killed an approved project to build those tunnels. Now they are now 'back of the line' so to speak. Funding for a do over won't be available until ~2030. I've been using a debugger based on the USBDM project. http://usbdm.sourceforge.net/ Same performance as PEMicro's $300 Multilink + $200 GDB Server. And no restriction on using them for production. Been thinking of open sourcing the board I designed. The only real issue is, needing $1500 to pass FCC licensing since it's designed to fit in a case. On 8 bit machines it's the reverse, an int being 16 bits minimum requires more operations to handle than an 8 bit number. Pass an 'int' push two things on the stack. Etc. Causes your code size to balloon noticeably. One the way to reading about something else, I read an essay by a language developer complaining about type erasure. In functional languages. In short, when you get to the point in implementing a language where you can do type erasure, you're golden because it usually means you have things nailed down. Unfortunately then people actually implement type erasure and now there is no way to link data structures in memory with a piece of code at run time. Or at least very easily. As an example C/C++ does erase type information. There often being nothing that tells you what an object in memory is. But compilers take great pains to preserve that information in the generated output formats. Which allow you to write debuggers. I'm sure languages like Java and .net do the same. I did a little mucking on some AVR code of mine. Sometimes going from an uint8_t to a uint16_t saves a couple of bytes Sometimes adds a dozen. One case changing an index in a for loop to an int, code went from 34024 bytes to 34018 (saved four bytes). But changing uint8_t i, j, k; to uint16_t i, j, k; code compiled to 34068 bytes, gain of 44 bytes. Transistors don't fail for the same reason the 70 year old wires in my house don't fail. The electrons flowing through the transistors doesn't disturb the molecular structure of the doped silicon. What's wrong about it? Transistors don't work by electromigration. He said transistors, not IC's. And electromigration is a problem with metal interconnects at high current densities. So you talking solemnly about a failure type that can occur with on some integrated circuits under some conditions, or when the designers screwed up. But which doesn't actually happen much in practice. The persons actually question is roughly why do transistors last so long compared to other types of mechanisms. No one in the comments made an attempt to answer that, at all. I'm totally with this, the idea that no market for 'excess' electric will appear doesn't pass the sniff test. A paper I read discussed a pilot plant in the 50's that produced iron from sulfide ores. Certainly sounds like a process that can consume excess power without much trouble provided that situation happens frequently enough. http://www.ulcos.org/en/docs/Ref03%20-%20Electrowinning%20-%... 'High purity iron was produced, with a current yield of 85% and a power consumption of 4.25 kWh/kg iron' Far as I can tell, 1 GW for an hour would produce ~250 tons of iron. I'm not sure how... pass it around is 'better' than global scope. Meaning not sure what problems you're avoiding here. If the scope is a single thread, no problem . If it's accessed from multiple threads, you have problems whether it's a global, singleton, or passed by reference. Not actually completely true, you can still have races in single threaded code. Consider two state variables that are effected by a shared variable. Not hard to have the two state variables in disagreement over the shape of the world. Actually I do live in SF. If you put a million dollar note on a house you are the mother of all house poor. One point I make is the Tesla is luxo-sport car. Costs a lot new like any other sporty car. So the cost of a new Tesla vs a used gasoline power car isn't really a fair comparison. Looking on Craigslist, you can get a used Nissan Leaf $10k, cost per mile is $0.035. One can run numbers but the cost of ownership is probably $300/mo. Problematical in places like SF is the lack of parking and thus lack of charging. Though large numbers of people do have or rent garages. In Suburbs a problem can be many people have long commutes that exceed the range of an electric car. Interestingly a friend just threw down for one of those million dollar homes in SF and is considering an electric car to avoid having to ride the google bus. I'll be interested in how it works our for him. I do have another friend that lives in Oakland, he has a leaf seems to like it. Then again with C99 you do have stdint.h which gives you defined width types as well as minimum width types. And others. Unless I misremember, thrust is proportional to exhaust velocity. Energy is proportional to the square of the velocity. The big advantage of air breathing engines is the ability to use air as the reaction mass. IE, take a huge amount of air, and accelerate it a small amount to produce thrust. Which is why propeller driven aircraft are still 'a thing' and you see turbofan engines with ever higher bypass ratio's. (modern designs are 10:1, 10kg of air flow through the fan fro every 1kg of air through the engine) I just have a small comment about the difference between professionals that went into the profession via the front door, college, certs, etc. And those the went into though the back door, learned on their own because someone somehow decided to pay them. Generally the latter are people that get some satisfaction out of the trade. But there a lot of professionals that went to school to become X and found they hated it once they got out. Yet they owe all this money, and they can't see any other way to earn the money they are used to. These people are usually very unhappy people. The others that are generally happy with what they do, and aren't the type of people that like playing power and status games with what they see as the lesser races of programmer. To the point, if you find a career you like, that's like hitting a home run in life. Letting unhappy people convince you to give that up is really terrible. What I find is no one wants to talk about how pernicious hand guns are. Conservatives think limits on the type of weapon one owns is a impingement on their freedoms. And the Supreme court agrees. So I guess that's out. But somehow limits on the play-doh manly play time 'assault rifles' isn't. The whole issue in the united states is hopeless until the current supreme court and older voters die off. I've heard other somewhat contrary things, one is the birthrate started falling well before the '29 crash indicating that working class and especially farming communities were actually not doing well economically. You can look up graphs if you want, but the birthrate drops relentlessly from 3.2 in 1920, to 2.2 by 1930. As the economy improves post 1935 the rate picks up again. My take on recessions and debt is to consider that when an entity (family, business, etc) pays off debt they are foregoing some consumption. Key thing. Now in normal times foregoing of consumption frees up economic output that is invested in the real economy. As I pay off my mortgage, the bank reinvests that money in building more houses. A virtuous cycle, depending how much you like concrete, sprawl and freeways. In a debt driven recession there is a problem, the economy isn't limited by available production. There is a lack of demand. Because as people frantically pay of debt they are foregoing consumption that doesn't free up more physical or labor resources for investment. It just creates a lack of demand. The money instead goes to correct balance sheets which is something that exists on paper (or in modern times le computer machine). That's the situation many parts of the developed world are in today. The solution is for the government to step in an manually rebalance consumer and commercial balance sheets. A political problem exists when the people in charge can't let go of the 'paper wealth'. And that's the current issue. I think you're not really reading for content. Which is common with this issue. Any argument that isn't part of the standard propaganda is usually misread or ignored. The point about assault rifles is that it's deranged that the Supreme court sees fit to allow states to ban what are essentially light weight rifles with various doodads and decorations. Weird considering riffles of all types aren't much of a public hazard. Then turns around and rules that states can't ban handguns. Despite which because they can be easily concealed and are often used for street crime are a public hazard. (Absolutely no question). The traditional way a state defaults is when their debts are in a currency they have to exchange with their own currency on the open market. Vs their own which they can create via central bank actions. In the former a self-sustaining collapse in exchange rates makes it impossible for the state to buy enough foreign currency to make their debt payments. In the former case, default happens, see Argentina in 2001 or so. In the latter this doesn't happen, see Japan 1989-present. In the US, all of Federal and state governments debt is denominated in dollars. Varying exchange rates don't effect the ability of the government to pay debt. And the government can borrow money from the Fed, because it can. Couple of things 1. In the US, states aren't responsible for bailing out banks the Federal Reserve is. You don't see things like Ireland having to bail out a bunch of insolvent international banks. 2. In the US you see about 100-200 billion a year in transfer payments. I've come to believe that these are essentially compensation paid to states with weaker economies to compensate them for having to do business in dollars. 3. Social Security and unemployment insurance are Federal not, not state programs. And exception is state pensions, where there are indeed problems. 4. Most states are limited in the ways they can borrow money and don't run deficits that are large percentages of GDP. 5. Politically there is a difference. With Greece when I talk to Europeans there is this a reflexive desire to impose collective punishment on the Greeks. You just don't see that in the US. I think that frees US policy makers to take practical measures that aren't available to the Europeans. Consider Puerto Rica, about 40% of the population of Greece, half the total debt. Just said, they're broke. As an American... oh well sucks to be a creditor. But the Federal Reserve isn't going to cut off banking in Puerto Rico and force them to do a fire sale of civil assets like the EBC. SS in the us is funded via a Federal tax on wages. Rules are uniform over the entire country. Also Social Security Disability Insurance covers disabled people, and it too is a Federal not state program. Unemployment insurance is a Federally mandated program that's administrated by the states. In 2009 California's unemployment fund was depleted and the Feds just loaned California money. Currently our fund is in the red by 8 billion. Does anyone care? No. I like that they were playing Patsy Cline on the tape deck. That's an interesting idea, replace the burners in a scam jet with a electo-magnetic plasma doohickey. Basically an electric ram-jet. Edit: My dad mentioned in school doing some scut work for a group designing an external combustion engine. Use the shock waves off the body to compress air, add fuel, zoom. Not sure if you could make that work with with an external heat source. Side note: My understanding why people want to use hydrogen is it's a light particle, making it easy to accelerate it to high speeds. The higher exhaust velocity the better the ratio of payload to fuel becomes. I've rolled this around a bit and have come down on the side that there are two factors at work. 1. Just plain Microsoft Hate. Couple of times someones asked me about what language to use for some GUI that messes with a database and does some other thing, running on Windows and 'maybe Linux' I tell them that C#/.net was made for that kind of thing. And they recoil in horror as if they just realized that I'm Satan. Then they go off and mess around with QT/C++ for a week before giving up. 2. C# has good inter-op with C/C++ libraries. So if there is an open source widget in C/C++ you need you can usually just build it as a dll with some wrapper magic and reference those in your project. I'm coming down on the side that oil's long term value is almost wholly based on potential substitution costs and it's current role in the economy. Meaning the value of money and oil are strongly linked. If the price of oil spikes for too long you get a recession and demand falls and the price of oil falls with it. And you can get price spikes/crashes because in the short term demand is inelastic. But long term, it isn't going up forever. But price spike/crash is something to pay attention too, in any field. Absent graft no one make bank on anything for too long. Not to mention margin decreases linearly not as a percentage. So those 1000 $0.10 margin customers can easily turn into -$0.50 margin customers. I always answer 'have you considered how expensive the batteries will be to replace' with have you ever had to pay to have an automatic transmission replaced? Not cheap! A blown head gasket is also not cheap either. The 900MHz band is great if you can use it, since for the same power 900MHz goes substantially farther than 2.4 or worse 5GHz. The old inverse square law is 'in a vacuum' Once you your signal is going through air, drywall, masonry, or my favorite steel re-enforced concrete, you're looking at exponents of 2.5 (just air) to 3.5 or worse. This only get more sad the high frequency you go. I have a standard answer to planned obsolescence. It has a salt water economics spin on it, though those guys would hate this argument. If you have a product with an active resale market. Any product with a noted higher quality will sell for a premium. At first you think that this is a boon to the seller. But the manufacturer can turn around and demand a premium. So what happens is, the manufacture gets to pull forward the secondary sale. If a use car sells for a $2000 premium on the used market, the manufacturer can probably charge $2000 more. And he gets to book that today, not five years from now when the first buy sells it. There is a dismal reverse of this, if your product goes bad like yesterdays fish, the customer is going to demand and get a discount. This interacts with the cost value curve for given products, meaning after a while you're just throwing money away trying to make the product 'better'. Similarly, not spending enough money results in an way crappier product than the cost of materials and labor would suggest. The upshot is car brands like Toyota are on the premium side of the curve and it's not too hard for them to stay there. Chrysler is on the other side of the curve and is economically trapped. I found the lectures by Robert Lustig to be very convincing. I spent a couple of hours listening and trying as best I could be verify the biological pathways referenced, it all checked out. I just remember taking thermodynamics for the first time. It was very hard to wrap me small brain around it. I also remember reading Feynman's short intro to quantum mechanics to dummies, and again it was hard to wrap my brain around it. Brass tax some subjects the human brain doesn't grasp very easily based on common education, experience and perception. Understanding some subjects requires a lot of odd rewiring of the old monkey brain. So yeah, Feynman's explanation seems legit, there is no lay explanation for magnets. He'd have to teach you quantum mechanics, at least enough to explain what's happening when you hold two magnets together. And it's not like he's unwilling, since teaching that it part of the way he made a living, it's just he can't do that in less than six months. And then, you wouldn't be a lay person. I've had a few compiler bugs where, adding an if false or changing the order of an if test 'fixes' things. And the complement changing the code exposes a compiler bug. And also, new improved compiler results in code that's broken. Other issues I run into a fair amount is dealing with hardware/naked interrupts often involves a lot of subtle timing and read/write access issues. Sometimes this happens in code you don't own. One problem with a lot of processed foods is the removal of soluble fiber which if present slows down the digestion of carbohydrates (glucose). Another problem is many processed foods contain added free glucose and fructose. The result of eating these foods are very high glucose levels in the blood + insulin levels which interferes with metabolic signaling. Insulin tells your body to store glucose as fat. Insulin inhibits leptin receptor signalling which means your brain loses the ability to sense how much fat your body is carrying around. Fructose in large amounts is hepatotoxic, just like alcohol. In fact for the same metabolic reason as alcohol. Size of a void* is two bytes? really? Once you think you need to move from some flavor of C to standard C++ you should probably switch to a safe proper garbage collected language. I think with C# the addition is mostly or always promoted to an int. So the following gives an error. byte foo = 4; byte boo = 86; byte arglebargle = foo + boo; // cast monkey! cast! I remember old assembly language guys annoyed at the types of math available with high level languages. I think they were a bit crusty but still they had a point about inability to manage precision without big hammers. At least the C# way forces you to think about whether you're loosing precision. But I dislike having to add casts. I use casts a lot, but I distrust the because they hide errors. I find myself really wanting safe operators and unsafe ones. Safe as in, overflow results in a hard fault that I can catch. Unsafe means overflow is silent. I read this as badly designed and woefully underpowered study generates worthless results. I was just using C# as an example of an alternative way of handling calculations. The comment about assembly comes from remembering a conversation with an older firmware guy. In his world multiplying two 32 numbers resulted in a 64 bit result. And division was 64 bits divided by 32 bits with a 64 bit result, 32 bit result plus a 32 bit remainder. I think his thoughts on C's 32 bit number X 32 number => 32 bit result can be summed up in a single word: gah! You can register disagreement without reflexively down voting like this is stack overflow. I keep coming back to the idea that one should assume the computer is untrusted. Which leads to two unpopular suggestions, keyboards that encrypt typed characters to prevent spoofing by entities without physical access. Displays with a separate side channel overlay system to bypass the core CPU for certain security operations like entering pins. You guys are really really predictable. The keyboard has a CPU that can do encryption and signing, in addition to decoding for key presses. Ditto for touch screens. The reason for putting the encryption in system B AKA the keypad and display controllers is, if you want end to end encryption, the keypad decoder and the display controller are the closest to the end points you can get. And they are single purpose devices that don't run arbitrary code nor accept arbitrary input. Compare that with laptop CPU's and complex operating systems with their huge attack surfaces. Running software written by completely untrustworthy corporations and individuals. I apologies, downvoted comments are usually interesting so I never ignore them, but my because my eyesight is slowly failing I find the greyed out comments very hard to read. I had that gut reaction as well when listen to a marketing guy talk about devices with 5-10 mile range at 900MHz. The 900MHz band is 30 MHz. Not much when you consider population densities of 5-20,000 people per square mile. Side: I'm not really a WiFi guy but I think WiFi is based on listen before talk would means things like latency are going to be not so good when you have a lot of nodes. Not surprising because WiFi is basically 'wireless Ethernet' and has it roots in file transfer applications. I think LTE Unlicensed, developed by telephony guys will probably be better at serving low/deterministic quality of service applications in high traffic areas. Also rather than disinterest it's a matter that of some companies are interested in the technology and others see it as a threat. However what I read is they are talking about LTE-U on the 5.8GHz band. At one time I worked for a marketing guy who was not a coder nor an engineer really. What he was really good at was closing the loop by talking to people and asking questions. Because any project you have a bunch of different groups and white marketing is about getting them to reason collectedly to solve problems. So the 'from scratch guy' is a technical person that cares about closing the loop instead of working on technical puzzles inside his comfort zone. Me I have two things. I hate working on anything and then have it not ship (What I could have spent the last three months in Costa Rica working on my tan? Seriously?) And I like when I see people using the stuff I worked on. Nothing better than to see that customers are ordering your product and the company is shipping it and making money without having you to be involved. For me a big difference between North Korea and Iran is the balance of soft vs hard power in those countries. In Iran the ordinary people tend to push back in a lot of ways and the government gives ground if grudgingly and slowly. And there is a lot of politics going on between factions with real power. Given that I'm willing to be very patient. Seriously, the generals of the Red Army ran the soviet union for 35 years after Stalin died and then they passed on. So too will the Iranian revolutionaries. I sort of chalk it up to the sort of stuff you get with hucksters that sell stuff to municipalities. The business is a little different than when some random person buys a phone, because while they are technically inept, there is a layer of brokers/buyers between the manufacturers and the stores. Those guys are smart and know their markets well. If you ever sold something into that market you need to produce a few thousand units, for those guys to beat on. And they have to be perfect, or they won't place orders. This doesn't exist for something like a voting machine. So think 'stuff thrown together as quickly and cheaply as possible' in order to land the contract. Quality will vary a lot. There is no such thing as proprietary space vis the RF spectrum. There is some of that, some of the trends in language development and also some stuff about hardware+ makes my eye twitch a bit. Of late it's made to consider that language designers seem to be really focused on batch calculation speeds. Where real time code is 50% about producing side effects with the correct timing and sequence. + Friend of mine that works on high end video processors mentioned getting into a pissing match with the hardware guys because the particular processor they were designing had back ground machinery that would run and 'stop the world' for a ~ms. He say 'you can't do that' and they respond with 'the benchmarks run fine, go away' That's true, there is low possibility that any particular line of research will pan out. Usually what happens is various groups each figure out bits of the puzzle and then everyone cross licenses the resulting solution. I remember 10-15 years ago same rough groups were working very hard on cathodes for lithium batteries based on iron vs cobalt. Because cobalt is spensive and cobalt based cathodes suffer from thermal runaway. They tried all sorts of ways to make iron based cathodes that were conductive enough. Today lithium iron phosphate batteries are standard off the shelf consumer items. Batteries are hard because material science is hard. I think that only applied ever to hourly, and even that I think was changed during the Reagan Admin. I think creditors with unpaid wages aren't even senior anymore. My take is that's because brains don't do those sorts of things natively. Meaning, no there isn't some level of abstraction in animal or human brains that does lambda calculus. Which paradoxically makes us think that being able to do lambda calculus as mark of intelligence when nothing is further from the truth, it's just our brains are bad at it. Advice to whipper snappers, stop wearing 'vendorwear' after 30. For an initial production run there are a lot of fixed setup costs. Just from my gut feel 5000 units is just barely off the NRE (non recurring engineering cost) 'knee'. (And the manufacturing learning cost knee) Less than 5000 units the NRE costs start to dominate your out the door manufacturing price. So at 2000 units that might be 50% to 80% higher per unit than at 5000 units. Also people often forget about your suppliers management, accounting, and sales overhead. That means that they will have minimum orders below which they don't make enough money justify the overhead of shepherding your product through their shop. For Chinese suppliers 5000 units appears to be typical because lower volumes are typically on-shored. On shoring is going to increase your costs by probably 30%. You might ask the other question, why not 10,000 or 20,000 units? Answer is that starts to be a huge chunk of money for something that isn't proven. So ans: 5000 because less the NRE kills you. And you'll have to on shore production. And no more than that because otherwise your initial production costs becomes the dominant part of the investment risk. You argument is a common one. (So I upvoted you) The response I have against it is it suffers from the fallacy of gray. War is horrible and it sucks. Sucks for the old lady cooked to death in a air raid shelter in Dresden, sucks for the GI machine gunned down on the beach at Normandy. Sucks for the Merchantman drowning in the Atlantic. Sucks for the little girl accidentally run over by a jeep North of France. What ties these together is, none of these people are under the protection of the hostile forces. (And the little girl is an accident) The difference between what the US army did, or the Soviet Army soldiers did. Was the German Army and police killed people who were supposed to be under their protection. And they did so via policy. That's the difference and that's the body law Nuremberg trials created, that creating such policies was illegal and punishable. Personally as to the article, that a very fine reasoning about legislative law. But the Nuremberg trials are really about common law. Common law is older, fuzzier, and currently out of fashion, but here we are. The fundamental thing about common law it's it's based not on legislation but in previous rulings. The act comes first, then judgment is passed based on previous rulings and cultural mores. Fundamentally I think the based on the then current rules of war, the people who were tried under Nuremberg, their lives were already forfeit. The victors had the right to dispose of them anyway they saw fit. Frankly in my view is that the idea that what those people did somehow fell under ordinary criminality is facetious. I was out of the mainstream by 1991, but I seem to remember a bunch of completely failed projects and companies as people tried to switch to windows development using C++. As in we put our best programmers on it, hired extra help, they failed and the company went down. Projects using Visual Basic fared a lot better. Oh you get get it. Closing that loop between what the customer thinks they want, what they actually need, what the engineers can provide and at what cost, so so so important. I'd agree with the article, having the UX guys (or any keep team) dispirited is a bad sign. For companies with some sort of monopoly this stuff can continue indefinitely. Companies that don't have some sort of market power usually are a few years or quarters from death when you see this stuff. Winging off a comment above, I find recursion generally intuitive, occasionally useful, and really really boring. Offhand years ago I used a dialect of C that had no recursion so I can see both sides of this argument. On the one hand, there is a pain point when you don't have access to recursion. On the other, boy can a compiler that eschews recursion produce small and fast code. (Because without recursion the call graph is acyclic) That would be hard to turn off. My experience is with a old 8051 compiler. Notable feature was it never pushed anything on the stack other than return addresses. Used the call tree to fold parameters and local variables into a small amount of common memory. I think modern compilers deal with this situation by in-lining. But that can cause the code size to swell vs calling a subroutine that accesses globals. Just saying, you add a feature to a language, you will pay something for it. I mess with radio's at work. The there are two issues. Often for testing one wants to check the radio operation outside the normal band or modes of operation. In my case, sweeping the radio across a really wide and band noting where the pll fails to lock. I'm going to really twitchy if I can test the pll at frequencies outside the band. Doing things like, turn off spreading and checking carrier and tx power. I'm sure more complicated radio's than I use have similar. The second is what is legal varies depending on where the product is sold and used. So so a mode that's legal in one country is verboten in another. In general though, I'd rather hate for the FCC to try and force manufacturers to lock people out. Because likely it won't work well and there is a definite cost to implementing secure boot. But then again the FCC is historically extremely hostile to the idea of ordinary people mucking with wireless. So this doesn't surprise me at all. After years of hearing people talk about hydrogen powered cars I almost want to believe they are ruse to get people distracted from working solutions. IE, hydrogen power cars sound like a good idea, the exhaust is just water! And for entities deeply invested in the current infrastructure the idea is great because it'll never happen. My experience is a lot of people/groups get obsessed with one metric in this case average speed. A pauseless GC is always going to be a bit slower than one that pauses once in a blue moon (meaning all the time from the users standpoint). Requires a really strong will to go against that sort of grain. Just remembered though: Friend who is a Azul developer said that 0x86 processors did not have the correct instructions to support pausesless GC up until very recently. So probably a chicken and the egg problem. Probably because someone read the headline or url and did a Mr Horse (No Sir. I don't like it.) Over my pay grade, which is why I'm slopping away at ARM Cortex firmware instead of at Azul. I'd ask my friend but he's on vacation. I do know Azul originally ran their JVM on custom processors. (Target market high speed trading systems, etc) I can't see why they would have done that unless older 0x86 etc processors just couldn't do what they needed. A little internet searching, leads to this and some other stuff. https://www.artima.com/lejava/articles/azul_pauseless_gc.htm... I think the deal is, if the GC moves something, it can leave a bunch of dangling pointers. Those need to be fixed up to point to the new place before they get dereferenced. Except Azul uses a read barrier to trap when a dangling pointer is dereferenced, so the fix up can be lazy. I usually write stuff like this if((rtn = func(/*whatever*/)) gcc won't catch that kind of bug, but clang will definitely. So yeah, use static analysis tools. My beef is when I read economists claims about perfect markets I think, 'Wow! With markets I should be able to solve the traveling salesman problem in polynomial time' > A religious avoidance of goto? That's my experience. In school the no goto rule is exactly like your second grade teacher telling you never to start a sentence with the word 'and' It's to prevent this; And we went to the park. And I played on the swing And then we went and got ice cream. And we went home and had dinner. The no goto rule is for novices to teach them not to write spaghetti code. When you ignore externalities.... Japan and Britain haven't really been able to feed themselves for a 100 years. The Soviet Union before 1965 had high growth rates. My thoughts are that when a countries central powers make good bets on human capital, infrastructure, and technology, then market economies can feed off of those and produce high rates of growth. Brezhnev and his compatriots in the soviet union never let a vibrant consumer economy develop. And growth stagnated. Faced with the same problem in the early 80's the Chinese Communists implemented market reforms. That combined with previous investments in human capital, plus sometimes heavy handed restrictions on population growth appears to have been successful. (Also the Chinese were able to cut a deal with the US and Europe to allow mostly unfettered access to developed world markets, which the Soviets didn't have) https://web.archive.org/web/20141205223016/http://c.learncod... Looks as valid to me today as when I first read K&R C 25 years ago. In short K&R is terrible. If you hew to it, first you'll end up with code that is unsafe and sketchy. Second you won't learn about modern features in c, which make writing safe non-sketchy code a lot easier. I seem to remember that the manufactures oopsed and built too much capacity. No real idea why though. Other neurons firing give rise to the fleeting thought that Japanese and US chip companies got blindsided by the Korean? entry into the market. I do know that circa 1995 suddenly there was a plethora of CMOS analog chips on the market taking advantage of otherwise idle CMOS lines. Later analog IC companies made good use of obsolete DRAM/CPU production lines. I wouldn't use any of the above as TRVTH though. I read some scribbling by some nerd working on distributed systems. The problem he mentioned is when you take a task and parallelize it, and then hand off the pieces to a bunch of workers, you aren't done until the last worker finishes. In that case long tail latencies can bite you rather hard. If 99 out of a hundred workers finish their bit in 50-100us and one of them stalls out for 10ms, you gained nothing over a single worker. The one that clinched it for me was an article pointing out that the large airports in California are at capacity and expansion is either expensive, or impossible. You either need to spend couple of billion each to expand those air ports, or throw the money at high speed rail. Also the big expense is not the high speed rail part of the system, is the commuter rail part through the bay area and LA. That;s the expensive bit. Not the straight high speed sections through the central valley. Well it's not just one sentence. One of the problems with deflation is debt payments. And the value of labor, assets and prices. Lets say a store has $50,000 worth of inventory bought on revolving credit. In normal times, $50k worth of inventory might sell for $100k. The $50 worth of gross margin goes to pay, labor costs, rent, and the owners take. Lets say due to deflation that 50k is now only going to sell for $90k, the business is short $10k. What's the owner going to do? Go out out business that's what. So the problem with deflation is it tends to rape the books of perfectly well run businesses. And then you get cascading failure. The mill has a cash flow problem, goes bankrupt, and then half the business in town close. A most subtle problem is a lot of businesses really run on credit backed by pledged collateral. The chain of collateral forms what called a credit chain. When you have deflation and a demand slump the assessed value of the collateral becomes suspect. Credit chains shorten and collapse. And businesses can't get liquidity. And then fail. It goes on and on. A small change I would make would be to allow appellate courts to ban prosecutors and police officers. A ban meaning they can't bring cases before the court or testify. Bans could be temporary or permanent. I think there is too much focus on the mechanics and not enough on the big picture behind what you're trying to do. Mostly it's a lot of. Step one recognize the problem. Step two apply the solutionator+ and turn zee crank. Step three receive kibble. +Solutionator: Bunch of mechanical steps that the student understands in the exact same way a trained monkey understands an organ grinder. I think 'never implement your own crypto' really means, 'this is an area where there is no substitute for knowing what the hell you are doing. Sometimes knowing what you are doing is not hard (changing a tire), sometimes it is (cryto and networking) The comment about mirror approach to interviewing reminds me of the first place I worked. At one point we needed to hire someone to do something outside the usual skill set. The CTO interviewed a bunch of people and hired the one that knew slightly less than he did. What O got was the ones that knew what they were doing, disagreed with the CTO on some issues, and so were out of the running. I'll give you an argument, PASCAL was ... ... ... ... ... slow Academics were big kahunas with unrestricted accounts on mainframes, everyone else got tiny tiny slices of time. How tiny? A trash 80 gave you more processing power than an student account on the VAX. Academics thought PASCAL was the bees knees. Everyone else could see it was unusable for practical work. I tend to think the 'push' for small reactors, fifth generation reactors, and alternative designs is same as the 'push' for 'clean coal'. A political ploy to keep the government subsidies coming and forestall the eventual taxing of the industries externalities. And to hopefully prevent alternatives like solar from getting funding. Seriously, solar is already at cost parity and the economics are getting better with time. Plus externalities are minimal. Compared to nuclear power which gets less economic over time and has very open ended externalities. Back in the bad old days... when men went to the office and women stayed home, you could expect that a working mans family issues stayed at home. Now with more two worker families and single parent families, it's just not the case. What is important for morale is that your single workers not feel like they are the ones covering for Mr and Mrs Familyman without some quid pro quo. HP/Compaq had the trained staff to do what apple and google have done. But management has been busy busy cutting their way to profitability. Cutting staff to make next years numbers look good is opiate of the MBA. Well you were honest that the really bad things that happen with software development are human factor, not technical. Every failed project I've worked on didn't fail due to technical problems, but either bad management, bad marketing, insufficient resources, or functionally incompetent engineers. (Pick two or more) And you interviewed with a team that like 90% of the teams out there are not willing to face up to that. Next time, just lie. I'm more than a little bothered by this. Repackaging things is totally a classic and valid thing to do. People do that with everything from custom cars, audio equipment, to yes clocks. Kid you not there is a whole smallish subculture of making clocks of things. 'Autism' is useful if you need a diagnostic code in order to get a kid certain types of support. It's absolutely useless as a medical diagnosis. > The Air Force is not developing the F-35 to fight insurgents, they're deploying it to fight a well equipped, conventional force that will have multiple layers of sophisticated weapons. Essentially the F35 is the blu-ray of fighter planes. There is a post on Random ASCII about programs raising the Windows(tm) timer from 64/sec to 1000/sec for no good reason wasting power and wrecking battery life. I work on stuff that needs to run for years off of small batteries. An issue has been previously just like Windows(tm) all RTOS depended on a heartbeat interrupt. Which means the RTOS wakes up every 1-10ms to check if a timer has expired, see which task should be running, etc. The truth is, 99% of the time there is absolutely nothing to do. Or in my case 99.9% nothing to do. I've had to roll my own routines to keep track of how long till the next timer expiration and use that set a hardware timer that wakes up the uP. And also for timers that don't require low latency, marshal the events and do them all at once every so often. You're exactly right about the peripherals being the important part for micro controllers. Atmel when they developed the xmega and avr32 families radically changed the peripherals. At that point switching to an ARM Cortex was just as hard. Given that switching instruction sets is a nothing burger if most of your code is in C/C++. If I were a teacher and I saw a student come up with a peculiar but correct notation, I'd be ecstatic. This is exactly correct in that a country whose debt is denominated in it's own currency cannot suffer currency crisis ALA Argentina circa 2000 or Greece currently. As far as consequences are concerned, traditional economics as opposed the the crap that currently in vogue teaches us the exact technique to deal with excess debt; wage and price inflation. That's how the US successfully retired it's WWII debt. Odd thought, I've heard Intel described as an IC Fab House that designs microprocessors on the side. Perhaps Tesla is transitioning into a battery manufacturer that makes cars on the side. This is basically social security. Less well known as Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance. Which is funded by the Federal Insurance Contributions Act tax. Careful readers will note the word 'Insurance' because that's what social security is. Insurance against living longer than your savings hold out. Economists are funny. Soon as something is a government run program they're dead set against it. I've come around to an old critique I read thirty five years ago, which is women tend to do a lot of economically important yet uncompensated work; child rearing and house keeping. Something economists and policy makers tend to studiously ignore because you can't easily assign a dollar value to it or pin it to a particular quarters GDP. My dad used to refer to VW Diesels as VW Desmells Personal impression based on my friends commons on car buying recently. I think electric cars are going to eat whatever small market share diesels have in the US. Also of late diesel fuel is more expensive than gasoline at least in the bay area. There is the fiduciary duty aspect in play here. If a the employee of a business does something criminal while conduction the companies business, then it's possible that the owners are victims as well. However if they willfully created incentives and benefited from said criminal actions, it's hard to how they are not perpetrators themselves. The Wahabbi/Salifists see destroying all that old stuff as a feature not a bug. You are arguing against a wall dude. I mean you are 100% correct. Human brains are very complex, and there many many thing that can go sideways. Lumping a mass amount of those under the term Autism makes everyone feel good because they think it means 'understanding' and 'progress' but really it's bullocks. Seriously the mess that is psychiatry is going to take another 50 years to clean up+. It's problems are part of the academic madness that took hold after WWII when every field decided it needed to be 'a science' and tossed out all the ad-hoc knowledge and went straight to theory. + Like all fields that ran amuck the current guardians of the truth in psychiatry ain't going to change their minds. So progress is measured in funerals. Although, as I mention when people rant about how no one will use California High Speed Rail when it's finished, BART carries 360,000 people a day. The standard response to that is usually pure denial. What we have in the US is the result of under-funding public transportation for the last 75 years. You want a link? Here is one, http://www.bradford-delong.com/2015/03/time-for-a-rant-why-o... The short answer is a run on safe assets like gold creates a positive feedback loop. A demand short fall causes people to try to acquire safe assets like gold. Spending 'money' on gold means money not spent on real goods and services. Which results in a demand shortfall. And people wanting safe assets to park their wealth. Rinse lather repeat till 1/4 of workforce is unemployed. A central bank can print or lend out any amount of paper money to satisfy investors craving for safe assets. It can't make more gold. Why not have both? Problem: Trying to peg the money supply to the price of gold hamstrings the central banks ability to supply paper. Lesson learned 1929-1939. And learned again by Argentina in 2000 with a US dollar peg serving as a de facto gold standard. The problem is as soon as you throw debt and rents into the mix it all blows up, because debt and rents are 'paper' If I loan creshal $5000 at %5 interest, I have basically a note on $500 worth of income a year. I can turn around an use that note to buy something. Now someone else owns the debt worth $500/yr. Until the crisis hits, creshal loses his job and flees to Argentina and now that note isn't worth diddly. Short: Modern economies are rife with way to turn physical assets and rent streams into something akin to cash. So even if you think you're on a gold standard, you aren't really. Your on a gold + this bond entitles the holder to £500 per annum from the Village of Shlopshire. (Because in 1804 the village borrowed money to replace a bridge) Basically Car Insurance isn't to protect you. It's to protect other people from you. Which is why someone can get in an accident while driving drunk and their insurance company has to pay. I'm not sure, but maybe this is something title insurance is supposed to cover? Can also mention the eyesores and ecological ruin created by coal mining and oil sands extraction. That is because economists are either academics or work for large blue chip companies and have gold plated health insurance policies. They actually never have to deal with this on a personal level. One consideration after 40 years of experience, we can estimate about 1 really serious nuclear incident per 15-20 years. Adding enough nuclear power to cover our energy needs means we need 25 times more reactors than we have now. I don't really like where the math takes me at that point. One might ask what is a company where all the process is outsourced? One might ask, what are you when all of the proprietary parts of your companies process are 'owned' by outsiders? Building I'm in has no cable, phones lines, etc. The ladies above just use their phones for whatever. We get our internet via a microwave link. When you get into engineering one finds a strong caution to beware of optimizing the metric at the expense of the process. In your instance, GDP is up, median quality of life is down. Far as I can tell ordinary economists are totally blind to this. Actually would be a lot quieter, since the turbine wouldn't have a high velocity exhaust output. And the fans are fairly quiet. One real advantage would be quick throttle response. Gas turbines are slow to ramp up output power which is a real problem when dealing with wind shear on takeoff and landing. A 30 knot wind shear turns your 140 knots air speed turns into 110 knots airspeed. An electric fan's response would be very fast, probably faster than a prop plane. I upvoted cause not dumb question. Yes they do to an extent. One of the major reasons the engines are mounted on pylons is exactly to make maintenance and replacement easy. Your comment made me think these extreme interviewers are like a gardener who want to find that one true seed that will thrive when they plant it in a flower pot full of broken glass and gravel. Also reminds me of a comment by Robert Townsend. Which is a warning about following the practices of the biggest most illustrious firms. In his day that was General Motors etc. Today it's Apply and Google. I think those guys can spend a buttload of time and money looking for the perfect fit out of the line out the door of candidates because, it matters. Bad/Good hire could cost or make the company millions of dollars. It's also hard fire when your company is large. Your dinky company? A misperfect fit is going to cost you thousands to tens of dollars. I sort of remember ATM from descriptions back in the early 90's. Seemed like just the thing if you were a Telco wanting to efficiently send voice packets coast to coast and over-charge the customer for each and every bit. As a protocol for sending cat pictures and porn, not so good. Friend of mine in industry referred to the conversion between IP packets and ATM packets and back as a meat grinder. As in your packets get chopped into bits sent over the wire and if you are lucky all bits make it through and you get a fully assembled packet on the other side. If not you get to retry the whole packet again. And of course you get charged for ATM packets even though you couldn't use them. I think Cisco added an option where if you were using their equipment on both sides you could turn off the IP to ATM packet conversion. Which everyone immediately did. Sayonara ATM. I've dated a few accountants, and my mother was one. You'd probably be surprised what's in their spread sheets. Someone doesn't understand the difference between ionizing radiation and non-ionizing radiation. The effects of ionizing radiation are pretty well settled. Non-ionizing, people have been unsuccessfully chasing that ghost for decades. I'm generally the same way. Also generally expensive cars -> expensive repairs. However Nissan Leaf's are selling for $10k on the used market. And Tesla is planning on a sub $40k model in 18 months. So stands to reason inexpensive used ones will appear on market in a few years. The Japanese aren't offended because they are supremely confident in their culture. And yeah the people complaining have no idea what a Kimono is. It's dress not some sophomoric romanticized sacred essence of Japanese culture thing. I think Keynes was firmly in the camp that involuntary unemployment in a depression+ is caused by a cascading demand shortfall due to everyone trying to put their money in safe assets and pay off debt vs consume. + As opposed to a central bank engineered recession. You haven't seen such a thing because wages aren't flexible, wages are sticky. Everyone of course knows that from direct experience. However it drives post war economists completely mad+ so they invent concepts like voluntary unemployment to explain it away. + Post-war economists are obsessed with linear equations and closed form solutions that look like the 'laws' the guys in the physics department rely on. However once you take into account that wages (and rents!) are sticky, that means changing a workers wages from $10/hr -> $11/hr is different than $11/hr -> $10/hr. And then you're nice happy linear equations go out the window and you enter the land of Chaos theory. I remember someones comment that the people under the CEO, vice presidents etc, matter a lot more than is assumed. Especially since often CEO's get fired or quit fairly often. So it's the upper tier of management that provides longer term stability. (And those guys have an interest in keeping the CEO from wrecking things) You could use electric power from PV and wind to heat molten salts instead of a solar concentrator. Sure you lose 40% when you convert it back via a gas turbine+generator. But considering the falling costs of PV/Wind vs solar thermal, might make sense. If PV or wind is 1/2 the cost of solar thermal you might as well skip the power tower and mirrors. It's true "power 1 million homes" fuzzy unit, but it's actually what lay people and policy makers want to know in the end. Also true what it takes to power homes varies a lot. I remember kayaking down the Colorado river. First day was hot and the Hoover dam upstream was running it's generators full tilt to power all the air conditioners in Vegas. River was kinda scary. Next day weather moved in and the temperature dropped 20 degrees. Air conditioners off, generators off. Now flow and the river was still with wind blowing upstream and we had to paddle all the way out for 8 miles. One issue and I see others have caught on as well. Is that Nukes (and this thing) need to be located close by a source of cooling water to dump the waste heat+. And they require mines to provide fuel. All that is a hidden foot print. Gas and coal fired plants have the same issues. There is the plant itself and then there is all the hidden infrastructure needed to support it. At least the solar thermal plants just need cooling water. The PV plants don't even need that. + high quality heat aka hot salt -> thermodynamic machine -> high quality shaft power + low quality waste heat. A funny comment I saw on a talk by the author. He said metabolically normal kids get the sugar high and zoom around after you give them sweets. The ones with metabolic disease just want more sugar. On the other hand, honey is mostly glucose + fructose in about the same ratio as table sugar and HFCS. Seriously. If two things are chemically the same despite being from different provenance, chemistry teaches to expect identical behavior for the most part. Sometimes trace elements change things significantly. Why anyone would expect that of honey though, wishful thinking? I saw a couple of videos' through the UCSF web portal by this guy (Lustig) a few years ago. I can summarize what he said about various diets. The Paleo and Atkins diets work not because what they include but by what they exclude; processed carbs, sugar, and booze. Another comment. Dr Lustig is a pediatric endocrinologist. If you start looking though the literature. Doctors, nutritionists, etc are all doing research to prove low fat diets work. And high fat diets are bad. And it's all about will power. The pediatric endocrinologists started working the processed carbs, sugar (fructose) are bad angle about ten to fifteen years ago. Probably about five years ago they became absolutely convinced this is correct. Where you get squeezed is, output power is limited by regulation (for good reason). And sensitivity is limited by noise which is related to your signal bandwidth. The wider the band, the more noise you capture. There is a signal to noise 'wall/floor' defined by information theory, etc etc. Encoding technologies+ allow you to operate closer to the wall, but it's still here as a hard limit. Once your signal/noise drops below 3-6db game over+. These new technologies/products try to solve the problem from both ends. Increasing transmit power to the max allowed. Some early Zigbee chips for instance had transmit powers of 0db, big fail. These new radios transmit 10 to 20 db output power. On the receive side reduce bandwidth to increase the sensitivity by 10-30 db, at the expense of data rate. The cost of all this is very low bandwidth. Not just in bps, but also packets per minute due to duty cycle regulations. This poses some problems if you want encrypt your packets. Add at least 32-64 bytes overhead. Another problem is as the coverage area gets wider so does the number of interfering radio's. + Sometimes you hear comments that spread spectrum allows you operate below the noise floor, but that's only for the spread signal. Once the signal is despread at the receiver, same rules apply. >Doing away with the external capacitor made the 741 extremely popular, either because engineers are lazy[14] or because the reduced part count was beneficial. Small comment on this, doing away with the external capacitor meant 99% of the time the things just worked. Where the previous designs were a royal pain to tweak so they were stable, not only on the bench, but in production. This definitely is true. If the other party had the same information they would have sold or bought at a different price point. (or maybe not at all+) That has to be because that's the attraction of insider trading, I know something that will cause you to misprice the trade in a way that benefits the insider trader. + Consider the person trading in insider information, namely that Cogswell's Cosmic Cogs has agreed to buy Spacely Space Sprockets at $12/share. Someone with stock in Spacely Space Sprockets would likely chose not to sell at the current market rate of $9.25/share if they knew that. I'm getting that your argument is because the victims can't be singled out that insider trading is thus not theft. Cute. My dad mentioned that about automotive design, pretty much everything interesting had been invented by 1940. After that it's all new manufacturing technologies, materials, or economies of scale. Or some other technology from another field. (Good example is developments in power electronics meant electric cars were viable again after an 80 year hiatus) Also I like that 'It Has To Work' is numero uno. I have a small anecdote about this. In the last couple of years I've had few people ask me 'how can I write a program with a GUI.' And I give the advice, 'Download the free version of Microsoft Visual Studio for C# and select new project, windows forms' and then start mucking around. All of them were convinced by others to use qt and C++ All of them gave up after a week or two of no progress. I call the logic behind 'burn more calories than taken in' the 'bucket with a hole in the bottom' theory of metabolism and homeostasis.