This is good advice for a novice, but I have to say from my experience I pretty vehemently disagree. I suppose there's a sort of spectrum of programmer personality types that may help to explain the disagreement. Please forgive me of I am prone to hyperbole in my description. One type of programmer says "never rewrite a function if it exists in a library". They do this in part because they are not confident in their own abilities (see disclaimer about hyperbole), and generally trust code if it's written by somebody else. Another type is more of a cowboy. The cowboy wants to write everything from scratch, for the opposite reasons - because they don't trust code not written by them. Someone who reliably adheres to only one of these extremes at all times is probably not a good person to work with. However, both of these motivations do have some basis in fact and practicality. On the one hand, use of libraries gets the job done quickly and can save you some headaches. On the other hand, there are some pretty bad to horrible libraries out there, many of them quite popular; introducing dependency on the library can add considerable complexity, code size, and weaken your own "whole-program" understanding of what's going on. I'd say that being distrustful of dubious library dependencies is a good thing. In practice, even your libc is not necessarily going to be as well maintained as you suggest. The people who maintain such libraries might not have the motivation to do the sort of periodic performance tweaks and updating for the current era that you ascribe to them. They might have a working implementation and decide to stick with it as long as possible. (In my experience this is more common than your rosy picture.) That's fine for them but it doesn't mean the library will work for you, or help you meet your performance goals. One problem with your side of the spectrum is that the people who write the libraries aren't always perfect or even good authorities. You have to know when to let go of your trust in them. And especially, if I really need something to be faster and it's something that I can spend a few hours on, benchmark, and either decide to take or maybe just revert and go back to the library... Well then yes, I'm going to take a crack at it. One can always revert it later. > standard library functions as often as you think -- you're wrong. I know for certain that Linux, Windows, and Solaris all receive continual updates for new hardware platforms for their standard library. Well I was actually speaking from experience here. I might be more willing to believe you for something like memcpy(), but as an example (and the one I was thinking of), the Windows CRT is generally in pretty poor shape. I've also seen some crufty things in libc trees from some of the *BSDs. I'm not certain he had another metric in mind, but it seemed plausible that he may be suggesting that test score performance did not actually increase after No Child Left Behind, or that an increased emphasis on test scores in the last decade had not had a positive measurable impact, even on an imperfect measure like test scores. I don't know what the actual data say but it seems like that was the avenue he was going down. I do think it was a mistake for the parent to refer to it as "petty". Maybe some of it is petty, but a lot of it are valuable skills that you learn on the job . But that is the key phrase, "on the job". I know I personally didn't go to school to fit all these check boxes. It seems like a poor choice to me that you and your classmates would (1) enter into a CS program without much interest in CS, then (2) blame the field of study for not being interesting to you. I for one am glad I got a CS degree (for the CS degree's sake) and thankful for what I was exposed to in those years. These other check boxes? Sure they are valuable. That's what my first job was for. I'll agree that WinRT is not complete, but that's hardly COM's fault. The real story is that they thought they could replace decades of development platform evolution in a 3 year development cycle. And even in that 3 years, they didn't think things through very well, or make many attempts to learn from history. With that I would disagree that it's a good/bad, .NET/COM axis. Many programmers are productive with Win32 and COM in ways that they are not with WinRT. I did work in a Sinofsky org. I was an individual contributor and didn't have a flashy title. What I saw was a man that maintained a sizable gap between reputation/rhetoric and reality. The man who supposedly cleaned up Windows did so largely by taking credit for the work of COSD, which he didn't run. For all he would amusedly repeat the phrase "don't ship the org chart", we pretty much ... shipped the org chart. During the big re-org he seemed very precise about getting a fixed number of reports on each team and having a constant tree height in all parts of the org chart, but during the (overly long) planning phase and during development he never seems to have asked the right questions of the folks doing the Modern UI or WinRT, such as "dude, what the fuck are you building?", or "does this shit make sense?" He empowered what is in the end a very dopey PM organization. He and his people would also veto stuff if it depended on non-Sinofsky divisions. He was also a staunch advocate of not doing things right the first time, and letting it become someone else's problem in a future release. I also recall he wrote in a blog post that it should be expected that people in their early 20s work unreasonably long hours and have no social life, and that expectation was clear if you looked at the rank and file of many important teams: lots of kids right out of college doing the work that you'd expect someone more experienced to have some role in, or at least mentor; I saw a fair number of regressions and crappy features result from this approach. Years ago some commenter on the "Mini Microsoft" blog called him "The George W. Bush of Microsoft". I tend to agree. It's been some years since I read it so perhaps my memory is hazy. This is the part I found most objectionable: > In other words, no matter how many hours you are officially supposed to work when you are new you will put in a lot more to get those projects done. That is ok. No, that is expected because you are going through the learning phase. Your learning is not happening on a practice field but is happing in the big show. So the extra hours and effort are worth it to you and the team. Then later: > Microsoft will feel a lot like college in terms of the hours you put in and the environment you work in. It will be fun. It will mean late nights. It will mean "hanging out". All of those same things. That was my experience and when I look around I see the same thing happening now. Even though your excerpt makes what I would call a more correct point, I still think the above is uncool. Reading it several years ago put me off severely and coming back to it I still think he was wrong to put it that way, even if he partially redeems himself later. I read it as "it's OK and good for low-paid college grads to overwork themselves, but later you won't want to do that." The complaint about typedefs and Win32 is kind of odd. These are style choices that libraries and large projects should be entitled to make. I used to work at MS and grew very comfortable (and appreciative) of the stylistic choices in the NT kernel (distinct from the Win32 style, one key difference is much less Hungarian notation). But I can jump back into more typical-of-*nix styles with ease. Or the more Win32 style if preferred. I think it's important to see the merits and drawbacks of various style decisions in a non-judgmental fashion, and be able to switch back and forth depending on the code base you're working in. It's a mistake to confuse style and convention with "not being real C". Different doesn't mean not real. Less legacy, eh? Well, I guess there has been less emphasis on compatibility throughout the years, but NeXTSTEP is older than Windows NT... You must be thinking of the POSIX subsystem. NT's design was meant to have several personalities, of which Win32 was one, OS/2 was one, and POSIX was one, supposedly on equal footing. The POSIX subsystem still exists, I believe you can get it by the control panel under "Programs and Features", "Turn Windows features on or off", and when you check the box it directs you to a website to get GNU tools to run on top of it. (This part used to come from a company called Interix, acquired by MS in '99 according to Wikipedia.) I felt NT was an apt comparison because not only is it the basis for the current Windows, it also was their first 32-bit offering, i.e. where stuff got serious. 16-bit Windows was a fairly different beast. 9x was certainly influential but (1) is now dead and (2) came after NT, borrowed lots from NT in the beginning. In light of this, drawing comparisons between 1.0 and Win8 doesn't seem all that appropriate to me. Is it me or is publishing a list like this a bad idea? I'm thinking these 50+ (or maybe the first few, since people generally stop reading or get lazy) will be flooded with requests, thereby decreasing the odds that they'll actually pay attention to yours. Basically I read it as "quick fix! get publicity here!" which is probably not a great attitude to encourage. My point was the legacy is there and it's pretty large, should not be understated. Apple may not care so much about compatibility between releases or with NeXT binaries from 1987 (though I don't think Windows code from '87 works so well on NT either), but the old code is there and if your argument is that sort of thing doesn't help binary compatibility, then that's a problem. I was making my point in shorthand fashion, so I didn't even touch on Mach which is very old as well. People have this impression that OS X is flashy and new and immune to or not experienced in code rot, and I didn't think it rings all that true. The asynchronicity stuff has made it into many a presentation, but it's not really about that. If it were all about async maybe someone can tell me why they're not allowing I/O completion ports and APCs. It's about not trusting developers, and rooted in an overreaction to the perceived problems in the existing Win32 ecosystem. You can do async I/O with Win32 just fine, but Microsoft now believes you're too stupid to do it. Also, there is a port of sqlite to WinRT. In 2000, someone gave me a 386 desktop that they were about to throw out, and I ran OpenBSD on it until 2005 or so. (I was a student, so getting new hardware was more of a big deal then.) To get it working I had to recompile the kernel (which I did on a "more capable" Celeron 366) without support for newfangled hardware such as USB and PCI in order to have enough memory to boot and log in in a tolerable amount of time. (Otherwise too painful due to swap.) So I was pretty grateful at the time that it was still working, even though what I was doing was, now I can say with the benefit of hindsight, pretty crazy. Can someone put a moratorium on startup names that end in "-y" or "-ly"? After a few of these it gets irritating. Maybe the next one will be called "obnoxiously". Got some downvotes pretty quick. Didn't expect such a negative reaction so fast. I'm relatively new on this site; now I have some idea of how well the HN community takes this kind of humor. So thanks. To be clear my comment was meant to be taken as a joke, not meant to be hostile. This is what bothers me about a lot of programmer communities these days. What is a very mundane detail of K&R legacy, that C programmers know very well either from looking at old source trees or making sense of error messages, suddenly turns into something where 116 people (current stack overflow +1 count) are totally amazed and breathless that they've discovered something deep. I suppose it's fair if they just don't know C, so they've not seen it and find it interesting, but could this person's dilemma not be resolved with a simple google search? Or even taking a guess? Is it me or was that some pretty fast turnaround? Kudos to you, sir. I'll agree that JNI is inelegant, but having recently written a small amount of JNI glue with the NDK for a hobby/side project, I have to say, once you get going it won't be a big deal. If that's really the only barrier to an Android port, I say bite the bullet, sit down and do it. Having worked in a large C code base that was occasionally tainted with this approach (rooted only because people have been told to avoid goto as dogma), I have to say that goto is a better approach to emulate try-finally or RAII in C. For one, the goto will read better as a single piece of prose, there will be no need to glance over at some other function to see the free call. Second, let's say your function has 2 allocations and a lock acquisition - that means your cleanup function needs a pointer to each, usually done with parameters. Add an extra allocation? New parameter to the cleanup function. This gets messy, fast, in a way that the goto does not. I personally consider myself a Biden fan. I have witnessed him talk sense on a number of issues in ways many politicians do not. (Example: several statements on Iraq, from before it was common in US politics to think that war was a bad idea.) The "Biden is dumb" narrative IMO mainly comes from DC-based press that exaggerates gaffes (real and perceived) and tends to blindly re-state existing DC press narratives. I think the real story here is that US senator is not a good qualification for understanding crypto or technology as a whole. I don't believe that Biden inserted this language out of maliciousness. So our task then becomes to educate our representatives, or if it gets to that point on a single issue vote them out, though my impression is that Biden's opponents are also unlikely to understand crypto or do anything different about what is honestly something of a fringe issue - my vote this year was certainly not about sound crypto policy, and I doubt yours was either. In some circles this isn't a popular sentiment, but rest in peace, netbook. Put a minimal Linux distro and a light X setup on it and you've got a very usable machine for ~$300 or less. I guess when my current one breaks I'll have to resort to Debian arm on an android tablet, or similar. After reading this thread I can't get them out. Thanks. > The only need might be some bit-banging code for interfacing with external hardware. Atomic primitives are another reason to do inline assembly, though since recent GCC (and probably LLVM - though I haven't looked into it) provides CPU-agnostic atomic ops this isn't as big a deal as it used to be. (C++11 also probably would help, though I'm not sure how the adoption has been in mobile SDKs.) Pretty sure inline asm is also still common for SIMD ops. Although the sane approach there would be to have a generic C implementation to fall back on if there is no optimized one present. > in California you can show someone the door because they hum out of tune if you want, Really? So you can show them the door for anything then? In California, can you fire someone for their racial background? For their gender? For their age? Religion? Family status? I suspect a lot of this thread is just a bunch of software types pretending to know what the law is (myself included). Best advice on this whole discussion: talk to a lawyer. As someone who's happy writing C, has written a lot of C at work and at home, I have to say "C fad" sounds a bit weird. What I see talking to people and looking at forums (this one for example) is the exact opposite of a C fad. Frankly I wish it were the other way. I encounter fewer and fewer people with C knowledge, and especially fewer people who say they are happy writing C. New college grads sure as hell don't graduate in large numbers knowing C, even if a good chunk of them can churn out acceptable Java. I live in San Francisco now, but I used to live in SLU before it was Amazon-land. The phrase "one of the many SLU lunch trucks" sounds absolutely ridiculous to me. I used to get frustrated at so few lunch options around there. I was back recently; there's a lot that's new and a lot still in transition; it's funny to see things change in such a short time. > People need to stop excusing the federal government for the monster that it really is. As the son of a federal employee, I feel I should address this specific sentence. Let's not confuse a couple of jerks for the entirety of the federal government. Many large organizations produce stupid, indefensible actions but I feel like your phrasing is overly broad. Looking at those edits in particular, they do appear to make the post more readable. Nothing wrong with correcting some small grammar issues and adding a few links to explain the terms used. I think the attitude that the Stack Exchange folks are trying to foster with the edits is to not have a lot of ego involved. It's not a place for ee cummings to demonstrate his personal preference of punctuation. It's more wiki-like. You need to gain a substantial amount of rep before you can edit other people's answers, which one would think filters most of the less tasteful edits. (I'd say edits on answers are actually pretty rare. Edits on questions are more common because lots of unclear questions are asked by people with poor English skills and people who aren't yet familiar with the conventions on the site.) I won't say that everything the Stack Exchange people have done is perfect or well thought out but the editing of other people's content is certainly interesting and I think it's rare that it's used poorly or offensively. Actually, he already wrote the TLDR summary for you. It was: "If you summarize your idea in your first sentence, writing "TLDR" is superfluous." He wrote the TLDR summary, he just didn't preface it with TLDR. That to me is the great thing about this article. He's following his recommended practice to illustrate the point. Or if it's being sent from, say, Switzerland. http://54.243.29.30/img/assange/assange_parcel_front.jpg I've lived in both places. Back in college I also lived with someone who was allergic. That changes my reaction a bit, I think. It makes the people who bring their dogs on transit, to the bar or to the supermarket look like jerks. How much of that is just that when you move to a place, these sorts of differences are conversation starters? When I decided to move I was painfully aware of the cost of living and housing issues. They factored heavily into my decision and I made sure the numbers added up. When I got here, did I still complain about it to anyone who'd ask, and some who didn't? You bet. Also, though by the time I got to SF I had been out west for a while already, let's not forget that for many of us east coasters, complaining is a big part of the culture. :-) For some odd reason (I think it was cited in a Wikipedia article or something) I happened to be reading Carmack's .plan file from 1998 this week: http://fd.fabiensanglard.net/doom3/pdfs/johnc-plan_1998.pdf In it, he mentioned that he was getting rid of the last of id's NeXT hardware that year. Seemed to me like pretty late to be doing that, but hey, I can also see not wanting to let go of them. His old writings were definitely an interesting time capsule. He writes about Windows NT being, ironically, the best platform to write OpenGL at the time. He writes about Apple's Rhapsody (first impressions: he liked the NeXTiness but was skeptical of Carbon/Classic; then later, he writes that he's more satisfied with it after a deeper look). He writes in passing about trips to Apple and talking up OpenGL to Steve Jobs. Maybe it's just the fact that I'm a DC native that I react this way, but what exactly are you talking about? The federal government does a fine job at a great many things with low overhead, lest you'd be getting all your mail via FedEx. I recall during the big health care debate, there was the statistic going around that the overhead of medicare was 2%, vs. somewhere around 30% for private insurance. (What those people spend on advertising alone could pay all of that "bureaucracy".) Readers of this site should be keenly aware of these issues and what they're really about; we work in an industry with rampant age discrimination where people are encouraged to spend their early 20s working all night to make someone else rich, people routinely burn out before 30 ... do you expect to be pulling all-nighters at your Rails startup at 70? No? Then you should pay attention and get pissed off about this stuff. > implementations of stdio in libc generally do the right thing Tell me, what is the "right thing" for stdio to do when it sees EINTR? It strikes me that this can't really be solved at the library level. There are times when you'll want to retry and there are times when you'll want to drop your work and surface the error to the caller. Doesn't seem to me like a library can decide which is which. Which is probably why the I/O syscalls need to surface it in the first place. (I'd argue if a library like stdio, which does nothing but wrap syscalls and buffer stuff, can decide it, then there's no need for EINTR to exist at all because the syscall could theoretically make the same decisions.) Yes, I'm aware, "almost always". Not always, though. I was thinking specifically of an application that might want to use signals to cancel blocking I/O and continue running. (PS: When I wrote my reply I was also already familiar with your linked article, the challenges of signal safety, and the signalfd() syscall. Surely an interesting set of topics but I still maintain that a library doesn't really have a "good" way to deal with EINTR, especially if all it does is wrap read or write.) Can't you see that what you cite is exactly the problem? The people in your level band, including the ones in your hallway that you work with every day, are your competition. I was a dev in Windows from 2008 to late 2011. Many comments from Mini MSFT resonated with me. My review history was never bad, but knowing precisely who in my peer group got more money (by watching title changes) and knowing which talented, hardworking devs got shafted (by private conversations) was really bad for my morale. Every review period I'd reliably see the same set of folks (manager's favorites) get regular title changes for doing crap work, and the same bright hardworking people doing the "real work" would be given some lame excuse (if not outright set up for failure) and told to just reach a little higher next year. It stings. Never mind the outright stupidity of a system where a theoretical "dream team" of 10 hardworking, talented, best in class individuals would need to have 1 go without a bonus every year. Maybe they'll be more diplomatic than what I'm writing, but I don't know anyone at Microsoft whose opinion I respect that won't concede these points or admit that there's a problem. Hmm, reading it I think I see where criticism comes from; my impression is that I, personally, will most likely stick to sed, grep, sh, etc. But does that make the author a bad person? Worthy of ridicule for having thrown it online? Of course not. This is just a silly script, of the variety that most of us probably have sitting around in somewhere $HOME. It's not worth getting worked up over. The ultimate irony is, I wonder how the critics would feel about the code of sed and grep. Have they bothered to look? I myself do have these loud, exaggerated, critical attitudes towards code quality, but at some point I realized that most of the code I rely on every day is probably not up to my standards, and yet I still willingly rely on it. A younger self might have been tempted to re-write all of it, but I only have one lifetime to do such things and I'm already busy as it is. There is a time for rewrites on the basis of code quality, I would advocate for it where it is constructive or even simply satisfying, but at some point you have to admit that many (most?) times you will have to pass on this impulse. For a long time OS X didn't have `pkill`. I think it's there now with 10.8, but was missing for too many years. I remember the one weird thing was that `killall` used to behave weirdly on commercial Unix. It would ignore its arguments and simply attempt to kill all processes. It's been a long time since I've logged into such a system, but it was then that I got used to typing `pkill`. Last few times I've seen Phoronix articles my impression is honestly "this is a troll website, right?" But I was pretty surprised by the attitude that surfaced very early in the linked thread on the GCC list, too. Outwardly hostile, as if to say, "well damn, you losers sure better catch up with LLVM right this instant, otherwise you're making lame excuses". I don't have any involvement in either project (other than the fact that I've used and appreciated both compilers), but this strikes me to fundamentally misunderstand open source. Does LLVM have to fail for GCC to succeed? I'm not sure why "getting the memory management right" is the hard part, or why it's any more or less hard than general C programming practice. For example a closure object with a reference count that releases references on its contained objects when destroyed seems like a perfectly workable pattern. (I'd be surprised if that's not how the glib closures are supposed to work, knowing that glib like many general-purpose C libraries is pretty big on reference counting.) NSInvocation in objc comes to mind, where IIRC the closure-like object can hold a reference to its arguments, though it's been years since I've used that... > I think if you have objects and a reference-counting GC already this problem is pretty easy, but I assume the C programmers don't want that for performance or portability or some other reason. Uh. Every large C code base I've worked with has had this in some form, usually fairly pervasively. I've mentioned glib as a library that exercises this heavily. In the Windows world this would also include COM. Kernel mode stuff on various platforms tends to do a lot of refcounting as well. Note that "reference counted object" is just a fancy word for "struct with an integer" - I feel like your phrases like "if you have objects" and "GC" strikes me as confusing this with other features in other languages, a sign that we're not entirely talking about the same thing. Edit after more time spent away from it: I guess to restate the original comment, what I was trying to say is that to an experienced C programmer closures don't make anything "more hard" - it's just the same memory allocation strategies that you'll be dealing with anyway, and there are already well understood solutions (such as having one of your struct fields be a reference count). There's also libffi, which I'm pretty sure also works by generating stub functions in executable pages, but has the advantage of having been ported to a bunch of platforms already, and hides the ugliness in a library. It's not very well known outside of Redmond, but windbg (provided as part of "Debugging Tools for Windows") is an excellent debugger. Steep learning curve, as the commands are cryptic to the uninitiated, but once you get the hang of it it's great. Visual Studio's debugger is absolute crap by comparison. As for a replacement for strace: http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896645 Windows has a POSIX subsystem. It has fork. Not cygwin style. There is kernel support. > When a new version comes out, I wait for a hardware refresh and just get a new Mac Apple must love you. Please note my reply was meant to be taken as a joke. I expect most people don't need to refresh their Apple gear on a yearly basis, but that is a bit of the stereotype of an enthusiastic Apple fan, and your post can be taken humorously to fit that image. Of course with Apple the answer is always more hardware. :-) I could see them downplaying it early on - wasn't it the case that they only reluctantly introduced it in the first place? i.e. Rhapsody was originally envisioned with just the NeXT stuff, and it wasn't until they heard from developers that they decided to make some subset portable to the new environment. I also seem to recall (though I'm not an expert and I certainly don't have inside knowledge) that in those first few releases both Cocoa and Carbon were evolving, sometimes at different rates in different areas. Then I remember when Core Foundation and similar C-only APIs became a thing that people talked about, which as an onlooker of the platform kind of confused me at the time - was it an admission of some inadequacy of objc? I remember a time when java applets were cool. I don't think it's a bad idea entirely, just dated, and eclipsed by other technologies. I've not used the APIs in question, but I'm not sure how this can be totally unexpected, given the marketing promises and the actual technical goals. I read your comment as: "Transparent distributed storage? What could possibly go wrong!" I thought the Central Subway (4th and King to Chinatown) could improve this, if you could go from Powell to Caltrain without taking that long loop around the Bay (or walking, which can sometimes be quicker). But that probably won't be there for a while (anyone know the date?). What I'd most like to see from Caltrain is more frequent trains. It's annoying to arrive only a few seconds late (due to a Muni delay) and then have to wait an hour for the next one. The 9:36 southbound they introduced in October helps. I'd like to see more of this. Edit: Couldn't find actual completion date, so edited to reflect that fact. Edit 2: Was referring to this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Subway Edit 3 (Last one!): This page from a while back says service begins 2019 http://www.sfcta.org/delivering-transportation-improvements/... To be fair there are (just looked it up) 8 southbound trains between 7 and 9. After 9:07 it gets spotty. It's harder for me to make those early trains because in addition to not being much of a morning person (yes, for that I'm just whining), I also take Muni to get to the station which takes a while. I seem to recall Elliot Spitzer going after Merrill Lynch over nearly identical doublespeak back in 2002. Old news indeed. Sure, it's the developer being a retard. Not WinRT's fault for a model which pushes more complexity onto the apps than more straightforward multitasking would, in addition to the behaviors being difficult to test and discover. > Cursus Linguae Latinae Vivae (Course in the Living Latin Language) It's been a while since I studied it, but that looks like genitive case to me. I parse it as "Course of living Latin language". Sure, but an idiomatic translation of the genitive expression would probably drop prepositions entirely and say "Latin language course". I would not be surprised if the DC metro area is underrepresented in the tally because of people in or near the Beltway who vote Maryland and Virginia. - DC native living in California, former Seattle resident. You've got only 1 life, and even among a pool of the most bright, hardworking people (take a sample that works as many hours as you like), there's only so many Bill Gateses. I'm thinking just one. Even after all his success, I wouldn't be surprised if a guy like that now regrets some of how he spent his youth. I'm sure he could have done it just as well and been a little less crazy, had some more time outside the office. I'd be surprised if a rational person wouldn't admit that. Passion and determination are fine, but your idea (or my reading of it, anyway) that places outside the Bay Area are less worthy because they've got fewer kids willing to waste their life away ... it seems pretty low. I haven't read Thurrott too often, but in the few times that I have, I've actually been somewhat relieved that he does maintain some degree of cynicism about how the company works. I am a former Microsoft employee and I get irritated about a lot of MS boosterism I see on the web in recent years; it's hard to read and more dogmatically pro-MS than most MS employees I know. But Thurrott doesn't strike me as one of those people. He knows where some of the bodies are buried and isn't shy to voice concerns. Congrats, you just gave a more helpful introduction than the page. :-) I also remember seeing this around the year 2000. (One giveaway that it's written in a previous century: It mentions SunOS. Not Solaris, but SunOS. When's the last time you heard somebody talk about that?) At that point I was already familiar with sockets, and mainly found the guide memorable because the name "Beej" had a weird sound to it. It looks like he did put in a blurb about using libevent in order to use a more modern syscall under the hood - it's disappointing though that he didn't explain why epoll and kqueue are better though, people who are new to this would be much better served by that than by any code samples involving select(). Aside from the obvious (and deplorable) sexism, I feel like there's some other flaws in this kid's thinking. 1. Does everyone who gets an interview or gets hired at some recognizable name necessarily do so because they're good at what they do? This kid seems to think that if he got an interview somewhere, it must mean he's good; that only those who have reached his own idea of his own skills can reach it. He's not yet learned that incompetent programmers get hired all the time, even at the companies you might look up to as a college kid. 2. While he's trying to justify his mental model of #1 above (if you got the interview, you must be worthy, or else ...), did he not think to ask questions like "maybe you just got that interview because of Stanford"? Not sure why he jumps straight to gender, when there are a bunch of other screwed up and not necessarily justified factors that can impact your ability to get your foot in the door. If you wrote an application that does nothing but call SetFileAttributes I suspect you've not heard of the attrib command. Most of this is just "it's different, wah." Maybe it's not so bad to people who are used to it the other way. Maybe to some the dotfiles are the weird thing. Sounds like something that turns companies into Microsoft. People become obsessed with their scores and their peers' scores. They're wrapped up in internal competition and compete poorly with external players or when assessed honestly with most reality-based metrics. > I have heard stories, always apocryphal, never by anyone willing to put their real name behind it, You said that the last time I replied to you. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5100751 Hm. I don't think I've ever been called apocryphal before. Easy for you to say. You're not being called apocryphal. I thought readers could connect the dots but maybe a bit more explanation is due. Having worked at the "new Microsoft" in recent history I feel like the part I quoted is highly indicative of someone who has their head in the sand. Across multiple divisions among people I've voiced opinions with openly I haven't talked to anyone at MS who shares his view. Even in his own DevDiv, I've heard people say that DevDiv is a bit better than the Microsoft average but yeah, it still has these problems. At least, this is how I felt last month when replying to his previous comment. So I left a reply, even though it's taboo to talk this way about a former employer, even though I risked potential embarrassment attaching my name to this. And I said, hey, what they say about MS, what they said in that Vanity Fair article, it has a lot of truth in my experience, and I don't really know anyone who says otherwise without being a blind shill or a sociopath. (I'm saying it a bit more bluntly here but that was the idea.) I was reluctant to make that comment, but I did. Then he goes around repeating still that all such comments are apocryphal and anonymous, despite the comment of a real person who is not writing anonymously. (Aside: He is probably not aware that current employees won't say this for fear of losing their job, and former employees probably feel the general taboo against speaking ill of a former employer.) A bit off topic, but man it really bugs me when people (like this author) say "command" because they don't know the right word. (A mistake made by this article) "I wonder why the creat() command doesn't have an 'e'." (Similar examples I've seen around the web) "I'm using the printf command." "I was doing assembly programming and I used the jump command." Syscall! Function! Instruction! Let's be precise people. I remember this as a Microsoft term, based on notifications from Outlook and MSN Messenger. The analogy is that it pops up like toast from a toaster. I don't know what you're talking about, Win32 supports UTF-8. I can pass CP_UTF8 into WideCharToMultiByte() just fine. :-) Kidding aside, I don't really see the issue. Do you get upset about in-memory representation of strings often? How about when using Java or Python? Is this not why there is an entire programming practice called "serialization"? Windows started supporting UCS-2 before UTF-8 existed, and so the internal representation on Windows remains 16 bits per char. Hm. I picked Python because I knew it was an outlier, but I don't know all the details. Does Python still suffer from the horrors of comparison between diacritics made up of combining characters and the same glyph as a pre-composed character? Seems like even if you expose strings as UTF-32 you'd still have that issue. It's not really clear to me what "handle better" would be, which is why I asked if Python did anything, as your post suggested it hides some ugliness of Unicode (a claim like this I am always skeptical of, although reading PEP393 it seems kind of clever in that "why don't more libraries do this" kind of way). I suppose one form of "handle better" would be to always normalize all the time, but then, there are those times when you want payload to be bit-identical after a round-trip. I suspect it's just rooted in Unicode sucking (even if it sucks less than the encodings it replaced); it's funny how Unicode is supposed to make things simpler, but carries its own baggage and complexity and nonsense to worry about. Every time I read about these details in Unicode it seems to suck more than I remembered the last time. The junior dev was 22 at the time and fresh out of school. I'm assuming the senior devs were 23 and had a year on the job. The principal devs were a ripe 24, otherwise known as old men. :-) Oh, I totally understand the reasons. Doesn't mean it still doesn't suck. It's one of those "sucks less" type of scenarios. > I think if you traveled back in time to the Roman Empire and told them how to manufacture this stuff, you could plausibly create a very modest computer. Then finally there'd be a use for the Pope's tweets in Latin. I remember the first time I heard the word "hackathon" was in the context of OpenBSD. The folks that worked on that were geographically distributed throughout the world, and approximately once per year they'd meet in a hotel in Canada and have their one chance to work collaboratively in person instead of over email. It sounded cool. I don't remember when I first heard the Bay Area usage of the word "hackathon", but it sounded decidedly less cool. Is it me or is it weird to say "thanks for the cross-post" for something written by Dennis Ritchie? The irrational fake-libertarian does not care for such arguments. They freak out if minuscule amounts of their money go to something they don't support, and expect loads of control in exchange for this transaction. Did you know if I buy a burger at McDonald's I can totally boss around that entire company? Except it's not really the price of a burger that entitles me to do so; I can just leave some change in the take-a-penny tray. I read this article a few years ago, does that entitle me to recognition? Obviously not. It just struck me as taking credit for non-accomplishments. My recollection (though I don't know much about rails and this is just going from memory) is that he attempted to make an argument to the rails team for more secure defaults in parameter parsing and for the framework to steer apps towards more secure use. When they brushed him off and said it was ultimately the caller's responsibility to use it right, he exploited github to make his point. Speaking of "stadium", that's another one of those Greek words where we go around repeating the Latinized version. It might be more properly "stadion". Your description sounds a lot like the bashing of X itself. As someone who is happy with an X desktop I don't entirely get it. I understand that some of the folks doing Wayland have experience hacking on X but it seems a lot like wheel reinvention. X may have some warts but it's hard to argue that it's totally broken; it's also come a long way in the last 10 years or so, I'd say in testament to its ability to be extended. I think innovation in the toolkits (to catch up with where X is today) sounds like a better deal. > evolved into Kaplan Inc. (includes Kaplan University). And now it's a scam so that the Washington Post Company can receive money from federal student loans. Reminds me of an experience I had. I kind of naively wrote something as a method that would "yield return" bytes. After all, everyone is familiar with that attitude so many people have, that you write what looks nicest and worry about bottlenecks later. I'm personally not usually too big on that attitude (I think it's often an overused excuse for obviously bad code) but "yield return" does let you write some very natural-looking stuff. So later I did compare it to a very simple for loop operating against a byte[], and had both versions work against a 10MB buffer (not unrealistic input in my use case). The throughput of the "yield return" code was something like 5 times less. I didn't try too hard to track down the precise cause of that at the time (maybe it was GC from lots of temporaries as you say? I was pretty CPU bound, and thinking it could have had more to do with a more straightforward loop generating code with fewer jumps after JIT), I just took the faster version. That wasn't the issue in my case. It was foreach (var b in f()). f did not do any allocations, just a loop with a bunch of yield return statements. This is why I suspected that it was simply worse machine code after JIT. But I wasn't sure of all the details of the code that was inserted on my behalf. > The problem is, if I want my C code to compile with MSVC, it has to compile as C++ As someone who has compiled a lot of .c files that do not cast void pointers with cl.exe, I'd say no, this is not true... Maybe what you're trying to say is that your code relies on C99 features that are also present in C++? IMO if that's what's holding you back it's much easier to just write C89, maybe with the occasional ifdef, than to suddenly write some crummy C/C++ hybrid. That or just use mingw. (Unless you're doing SEH. I'm not aware of a good way to do SEH with mingw.) I don't know dakimov and what his history may be (maybe it's even a language issue or that he simply doesn't "speak HN" yet - I also sometimes find myself out of touch with the culture on this site like he seems to be), but I can vouch for what he's saying. I find it difficult to read discussions about C on HN. A lot of the discussion is as if to read a bunch of kids who seemingly just learned javascript or ruby yesterday, then they go way out of their element talking about C. An experienced and competent C programmer would not be surprised by anything in these slides, except perhaps the slide about the novel use of "static", because it's an obscure C99 feature that nobody really uses (in the same way that most people would also not recognize that, for example, C99 specifies compiler support for complex numbers). > C89 in which you can't even mix data and code? I don't think this is as big a deal as you're making it out to be. Maybe I'm just used to it, but this is one area where I consider the C89 way to be better on stylistic grounds. (I wrote about this on a stack exchange site some time ago: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/75039/why-dec... ) Realistically I don't think C99 is all that revolutionary, and the fact is there are plenty of people writing C89 in 2013. Let's look at some things C99 adds over C89: * Mixed declarations and code IMO not a huge deal, for reasons I give above. * VLAs A nice feature, but people have been using malloc for similar purposes for ages, so it's hard to say it's any better than "nice to have". I'd also argue that something that leads me to potentially consume arbitrary amounts of stack space based on runtime decisions is probably not universally good, and I'm pretty cautious about using VLAs even when given the choice. * Last field of a struct can be variable sized array, eg. struct foo { int num_data; int data[]; }; I like this pattern and have used it a lot. Including with VC++ by having a zero-sized array at the end of the struct. This is once place where I use an ifdef to bridge the gaps because recently I noticed LLVM started doing weird things for this if you don't do it the "legit" C99 way. * Cosmetic issues like // comments VC++ already supports this in C89 files as a non-portable extension. * Portable typedefs like uint32_t, etc. These are also pretty handy. But if you're building with VC++ you're probably using the non-portable Microsoft ones anyway. (I think VC++ 2010 added the C99 versions too.) * bool type Again, every platform and even reasonably sized library works around this with a typedef and some macros. * Slightly different behaviors for some libc functions I notice this most for snprintf, where the pre-C99 return value [followed by Microsoft] means something different [and better] in C99. Again there are non-portable solutions for this that you can use ifdefs for. * Named initializers for struct members Cool feature. I'd hardly say I couldn't live without it, though. The only place I've really seen it used extensively is in the Linux kernel. * Stuff that no one uses, such as "static" as used in these slides, or complex numbers, or whatever. Not a problem since these don't see wide use. The first computer my family owned was an IBM PC XT, which was my introduction to the concept of a command line interface being normal. I do wonder what it'll be like for the generation of potential hacker types who won't even remember a world before slick iOS UIs and ubiquitous internet in your pocket. Computers were a kind of source of wonder for me in my childhood, and what I see from young children today is they view them as very mundane, which I suspect hurts their curiosity. Years detached from those experiences with the XT, I picked up Linux in the late 90s. It was a bit of a learning curve from DOS. But I picked up some very dated book at the local library about Unix and it kind of set me straight. The real revolution in my thinking came in 2001, when I was unfortunate enough to buy a motherboard with an ALI 1647 chipset (it's sad that I have brain cells devoted to remembering that model number). That chipset, when combined with an NVIDIA video card, would make X crash and lock up after about 30 minutes of use (before you start bashing on Linux, I'd been told the same thing would happen on Windows with this hardware combination). For six months months I was in denial of this problem. I kept thinking the next BIOS update or the next driver would fix the problem. In the meantime I used nothing but console mode, because it was the only thing that was stable. Six months or so later I sold the old motherboard, paid my quarter to get myself a "real motherboard" (ok, it was more like USD$200), and got X working again. It was good and all to have a GUI again but one thing I did notice was that my command line skills were much improved. Not meaning you to make you feel like you're inching towards the aggressive, I just feel like the distance between C89 and C99 is not a very big one. Even in C99 I tend to use some perhaps conservative style choices, and in this view the C99 stuff really does seem like "niceties" rather than essentials. The difference between C and C++ feels much bigger to me. And then after all, you initially explained the need for this in terms of Windows-specific code (or at least that's how I read it), so that's the angle I took... How is it cool to put someone else's non-free copyrighted work on github? I'm not a fan of DRM or what they did to Sim City... I've also got nothing against reverse engineering, excerpting code snippets, and that sort of thing. But violating the terms of GitHub, in addition to someone's copyright? Not cool. Do you feel confident enough in this assessment that you'd feel comfortable slapping a GPL license on this thing and using it in a project? (Nevermind for a moment that this code isn't at all re-usable.) I feel like that's more or less the standard that should apply to github. It's kind of a disservice to people who are using github for open source but are making effort to avoid this kind of taint. Maybe it's hyperbole but it makes it one step closer to github being "that place where I pirate simcity". Then when he used the dude's name... Well, I'll just say for that guy's sake I hope he changed it for the purposes of the story. Think about who benefits from the CEO living an ascetic lifestyle and that then being a "cap" on everyone below them. I read this whole thing as an appeal to young founders to screw themselves over. > Then 7 republican states secede from the US and shortly thereafter they wage war. Uhh. Those states may be Republican now, but none of them went for Lincoln: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_elec... > Then the republican Lincoln wins and a period of slave liberation and movement towards equal rights on a federal level begins. Right, but during the 20th century there was a pole shift in US political parties. To oversimplify a bit: FDR made the Dems the party of economic liberalism and Lyndon Johnson made them the party of civil rights (on which Johnson famously stated: "We've lost the South for a generation"). I can't get behind beating people up or putting them in jail. Maybe a scolding and/or a sternly worded letter. Or, if people are taken in by the hype, maybe even on a place like hacker news, raise awareness of your objections in the form of a comment. The thing is, it's well within people's rights to use their time as they see fit, and that is going to include behaviors I don't agree with or I feel are destructive. This is what it means to live in a free society. I can't throw someone in jail because they fell for some VC bullshit. It's just insane. Let's put aside the fact that it'd be hard to establish a set of behaviors of similar severity on which to jail people (and build consensus on, because it's not right to jail people on one person's opinion); if society put up such a low bar for jailing people we'd have more jailed than free people. There are behaviors that society has deemed destructive and you can be jailed for; taking a low salary does not appear in this list. With these areas you are frankly not going to get traction talking the way you do. There's lots of injustice out there, there has been with every political and economic system created to date or what's likely to come in the future. When you are outnumbered like this the best approach I can think of is to live well, be an example to others, and be frank about your opinions to those who will listen. (It's an overused example but as I write this I'm starting to think of the example of Gandhi here.) Talk of guns, beating people up, jailing them for what is in many cases just innocent/naive people doing what society expects of them, does not strike me as constructive. Edit: To be clear I'm not saying that drastic political change (i.e. through legislation) doesn't sometimes have to happen. I'm saying you need pick your battles wisely. Jailing people for accepting a sub-$100k offer does not make sense. Can you also write code to detect whether a program will run forever for a given input? ducks > turns out it's not possible with JS. No kidding... :-) rm999 is correct; it was a joke about the halting problem. (The best kind of joke, obviously.) The broader point I was trying to make with the joke, though, is it's very hard to write code that will predict what another piece of code will do. Wouldn't it be easier (and less risky to your hardware) to make the kernel lie about the device ID? Or modify the nvidia kernel blob to compare against another ID? I congratulate this guy. But I feel like the youngish folks reading hacker news (self included), especially those that get wrapped up in youth-worship and pseudo-libertarianism (not me) should ask themselves, what will we do at 65? It's a fairly uncomfortable question in our field. Whatever the reason we should not tolerate the factors that push older people out, or make excuses for doing so. I came on here to complain that wmaker isn't on this list. IMO it's the best WM for X. As for the rest of GNUstep, at various points during the 2000s decade I'd been interested in GNUstep, developed a little bit with it, used to use apps like GNUMail, etc. And it's definitely a cool project. But I have to say it's by no means a lightweight toolkit. It seemed pretty sluggish for the entirety of the time I used it. Maybe it's fast now that hardware is ridiculous. But I think if WindowMaker actually used GNUstep's AppKit (it does not), it would be a lot more sluggish than it is, and that would make it pretty bad. I've used wmaker since the 90s and it's never felt like a bottleneck. Can't say the same about the rest of GNUstep. Because in kernel mode it's impossible to make (and subsequently gloss over) simple mistakes? This hasn't been my experience. I don't know why Linus says that Americans blindly accept the crappiness. Perhaps they accept it because its systemic nature makes a hard thing to fix, but the acceptance isn't blind. Most smart people I know in this country seem to have had some clash with the school system in some form or another. Linus talks mostly about funding, but there's also the huge problem that schools don't seem to be teaching math and science, or anything for that matter, very well. For me personally, thinking back to my youth, I think the most important lesson I learned in school was to be cynical and not trust people in positions of authority, to go off and do things on your own instead of relying on them to catch up with you, which is a helpful lesson but probably not one that you'd want to need to discover so young. On another topic, I can't help but think some of his description of the American acceptance of the brokenness has something to do with his setting of the northwest. When I lived in Seattle I was really shocked at how unwilling people were to question the status quo, especially when it came to things that could be changed by political action. On topics where more aggressive east coasters would loudly complain or maneuver around, apathy and letting things go as they had been seemed to be the default for most things. Of course the education problem is a national one and these latter traits are not unknown to other parts of the country. But the northwest is less cynical, and more content to let things just drift. Also, there is no such thing as an X desktop that isn't a default install of Ubuntu. I didn't know which company was accused of this, but the version I heard was that "female" was translated as "hembra". It does mean that, but you usually hear it applied to animals.[1] Probably an easy mistake for someone to make if they're told to translate a string without being made aware of the context. [1] The DRAE, considered the "dictionary of record" in Spain, says that female animal is definition 1, and female human is definition 2. http://lema.rae.es/drae/?val=hembra I'll bet the details took a lot of work but conceptually it isn't hard to understand at all. There is a bug which causes the game to jump into a bad address. The goal then becomes to manipulate the game so that this bad address happens to contain valid code, then trigger the bug. You don't really need to know how RAM works to understand that. How assembly programming or Von Neumann architecture works perhaps. Or basic knowledge of buffer overflows and similar concepts. > we must be active in the fight against conversation degradation. Pardon me for using slightly political terms, but I feel this phrasing has weird totalitarian undertones. What I've seen listening to Grover Norquist is that you can't take his positions at face value. Example: Before the 2012 election he said they'd primary Republicans who broke the pledge. After the election he started supporting compromises. I don't think you can rely on a straightforward statement of these people's principles. Probably meant "about the pope"? Don't a lot of programs first check for program-specific EDITOR values? So if you want to change the one for git, set GIT_EDITOR? Seems a lot cleaner than trying to recognize the filename. One thing that influences my own thinking on this topic was having read "Conservatives without conscience" by John Dean several years ago. It's a bit political so maybe the HN crowd won't appreciate it. But one of its ideas is that a certain percentage of Americans have authoritarian personalities as described by social scientists - see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authoritarian_personality . This made sense to me in the context of the Bush years and I've continually seen situations that remind me of it, in all sorts of contexts, including, say, to explain why some people in this HN thread seem so eager to defy what I see as simple common sense and defend these TSA types, ahead of putting themselves in the shoes of the disabled guy. > I like to tell people "Deep inside all the Windows NT distributions there's a great OS dying to get out...". I was a dev in the Windows organization for a few years and this is the conclusion I came to as well. When people complain about development on Windows, they're rarely talking about NT or even Win32. They're usually talking about some layer on top. Even the example here about spawn() - that function is from the CRT, which honestly is a very crummy and poorly maintained library, but more importantly it isn't really "Windows" and couldn't really be called "the Windows API" - it's just some library that gets new versions alongside releases of Visual Studio. And that spawn() function, ironically enough, mostly exists so that people who know the fork + exec pattern will feel at home. I had a good laugh at that quote, but now I'm thinking: is it legit to cite one or more persons doing their job poorly to dismiss the entire profession? Do you keep around bad code to remind you why you don't talk to programmers? Examples of quack medicine to remind you why you don't talk to doctors? I don't doubt the abundance of bad behaviors. I was just doing a literal parse of your logic. OK, he was pretty grumpy and cynical. But is he wrong? Wouldn't a society of people who are reading and writing, thinking and creating be a better place than one where people are capable of no better than SMS-speak and TLDR and letting Siri do their thinking? What if our society turns into YouTube comments? Here I was thinking "your comment sucks" was a clever play on Ebert's "your movie sucks". It's funny some of the vitriol around here, on a discussion of an obituary. Can't some guy die in peace? (Aside, or back to the original topic, depending on perspective: In the last decade or so I'd been really impressed by some of Ebert's writing, post-cancer. It showed a lot of depth that you didn't get from the TV movie critic persona that he had in the 90s.) I can vouch for the fact, though, that internally the Windows team refers to it as "amd64". I remember during college in Rochester, NY I would drive by this unassuming house on Clinton Ave. Ambrosia Software said the sign out front. I recognized the name from some games about 10 years prior. I remember wondering what they were doing in a sleepy town like Rochester, when most important stuff seemed to happen out west or within a 5 hour drive south of there. But here was a place that had stuck with the home of Kodak and Xerox (yes, Xerox, and not that cool Palo Alto office). Offshoot of one of the nearby colleges? This is a bit too smug for me. I know that Rochester used to be a boom town (Kodak, Xerox, Bausch and Lomb, probably others) and a place of cultural and moral significance (Frederick Douglas, Susan B. Anthony). It's a nice place, and I spent 4 years there. But it's definitely a place in decline. The same way that Detroit was a boom town and now is not. If I made a similar sideshow saying "You're welcome. -Detroit", would that prove anything? (It's also ironic that this slideshow assigns Rochester the credit for the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center. Was it not corporate HQ in Rochester who made the bad decisions not to do more to productize those gains?) One use case I used to do often is switching between headless/remote and local use. Imagine sitting at your desktop, starting something, then detaching, going somewhere else... Then you ssh back to the desktop and resume the same session. Your stuff has been running there the whole time. I am surprised by these threads too, and in general the ember vs angular turf wars. Maybe it's just that I don't work with this sort of thing often, but to me they look strikingly similar. I'm trying to come up with similar software schisms: vi vs emacs? GNOME vs KDE? Linux vs BSD? C vs C++? C++ vs ObjC? All of these differences sound more substantive to me. I remember those times as well. I remember how they convinced so many people that the biggest issue facing the United States was Saddam Hussein ... Even liberals were buying it, or prefacing their statements with "I know he's a bad guy who has to go right away, but..." It was pretty crazy. Or, how about that they successfully convinced the American voter to elect more Republicans in 2002 because ... Saddam. Makes no sense right? But it worked. It was successful enough to convince the opposition party to also support the war. Let's not forget that Dick Cheney's office leaked a fake story to the New York Times, then cited that story as a reason for going to war... People forget that now, and just how fucked up it is. Yep, I remember that. I don't think that action, or even what Bush the elder did, was anywhere near the colossal fuckup and misinformation of the 2000s decade, though. I think the only thing "obscure" in this list is the "pointer-to-member" syntax. It's conceptually simple but the syntax is pretty bizarre, hard to remember even when you're searching for it, and probably a lot of C++ programmers working professionally will not recognize it. I remember a few years ago I was writing some code where using pointer-to-struct-member made lots of sense to me. Doing a code review I was asked politely by a peer to rewrite without them. I disagreed but didn't mind doing so, if it made people on the team happier about readability. One thing I've noticed is that people who expect short replies sometimes write very short mails to begin with. I think that might be more effective to set expectations than coming up with a new acronym and having to wait for it to catch on (if ever). If the content you need a short reply to is a bit longer, you can also write a short summary before the longer part. Something like "Below is blah blah blah, wondering if you have any quick comments. Thanks, yournamehere." Then below is your multi-paragraphed whatever. Interesting link. I'm not a linguist but parsing these sentences as an American reader, I feel a bit like this page's examples are playing games with word order and omission. The cited "prestige" grammar sounds less intuitive to me not because of the pronoun used, but because of word order and words that are left out. Example cited as correct prestige grammar: > They didn't give anyone that worked less than she a raise. That sounds a little weird to my American ears, but "worked less than she did" sounds totally correct. "Worked less than her" (cited as correct non-prestige) sounds a bit casual and informal, not sounding too jarring but not what I'd expect in decent writing. Similar to the other example of "us commuters". If I'm talking to someone I wouldn't blink if they said this, but I wouldn't see it in the New York Times. (Though this also reminds me of phrases like "me too" or "it's me", which despite being inconsistent with distinctions between subject and object in other phrases, you'd hear a lot more than "I as well" or "it is I".) > Mary and him are late. Sounds very wrong to me. Thinking back to my childhood it was pretty common for kids to be a bit "confused" about using pronouns this way before 10 years old or so, so maybe there is something to the author's statement that kids learn the non-prestige form and then the educated ones are "corrected" later. > Mary and he are late. This still sounds weird. I'd say "he and Mary are late". > her and us > she and we These sound pretty clumsy regardless of which is supposed to be used. > Every variable is a starting memory address to the compiler. Definitely not true. More like, "it will have an address, if you take the address with the & operator". Otherwise, the compiler is quite free to store locals in registers. This reminds me of another comment I had: I personally find the phrase "syntactic sugar" irritating. As used, I don't feel like it adds anything to the blog post. IMO you could write nothing there and it'd make the exact same point. What exactly is the "syntactic sugar" that hides the idea that names can have addresses? Structs? Some specific kind of expression? Array index syntax? The names themselves? I am American and have always pronounced it and heard it pronounced with two syllables. Maybe not as deliberately as the recording. I wonder if he is talking slowly as he is because it's so new to him, or maybe we're not hearing it at the right rate, or some combination thereof. Also, where's the thick Scottish accent? I guess my expectation was that the older the recording, the goofier the accents would sound, due to changes over time. For example, the recordings of Edison have him sounding like no American alive today. The whole time reading this article, I thought, sounds good, but having spent 25 years in jail he must have done something pretty bad. Then I read that Wikipedia article and it turns out he was caught selling cocaine in his 20s... Man, say whatever you want for drugs being bad, but that's kind of a BS reason to rob someone of their youth like that. For 25 years I thought maybe he'd killed a guy. I don't know what the right punishment is for that, but the original sentence of 45 years seems too steep. As does 25. So patronizing. I was born in DC; I don't need the Wikipedia article on the crack epidemic. You really think locking people up is what solved that problem? GNU has been doing this for as long as I can remember. Why shocking? What I see here is one group of people (the company with the hiring page) doing the standard "fun/playful/lightweight engineering task" that people have been doing for years to filter applicants. Then some unrelated person tweets that this will prevent recruiters posing as applicants. Now the HN thread is assuming this is the only purpose and questioning if this problem is worth it. Has it not occurred to anyone that what one dude says on twitter is the primary purpose might not be so? Is the ability to hammer the POST interface really much worse than the ability to send lots of mails to a jobs@company.com alias? Sure, maybe people's email configurations are better equipped to deal with spam, but you can send email in a script, too. One item of curiosity: We all know who recognizable figures such as Lincoln, John F. Kennedy, and MLK Jr. are. When did they decide to name streets after them? I felt the comment was talking down about the crack epidemic. It's probably a function of age and location, but for some people (such as those with a history in the hardest-hit cities) it isn't that distant, as if to be something you'd look up on Wikipedia because you've never heard of it. I don't think that's all too unreasonable. Your comment, on the other hand, does nothing but say that my comment is worthless. Face it, all web communities eventually evolve into YouTube comments. > San Francisco liberal. Having grown up in DC and now living in SF I think this phrase is farcical as well. SF liberalism is pretty shallow and restricted to a small number of topics (gay rights, environmentalism, and others). The cities off I-95 between DC and Boston tend to be more liberal on issues other than the Californian's one to three pet causes. Of course on an individual by individual basis there isn't a total monoculture in either place, and it's probably more complex than a binary liberal/conservative distinction. I don't know about all the rest of you, but I find it really depressing to read these rent-a-coder sites. The first thing that strikes me is that people posting projects don't really understand the value of software engineering. They want someone to do crazy ambitious projects for pretty much no money. As if to say, "I have this idea which is really awesome and valuable, now I just need some monkey to do all the work." $500 should be enough for that, right? Then I'll cash in on my awesome idea... Maybe some projects honestly work out like that. But a lot of the projects I see on these sites fall outside that scope. For big ambitious projects, we all know programmers are not fungible resources, and competent execution matters. But the worst part is that people humor these projects, or more likely take advantage of the gullibility of the people asking for them... "Yes sir, I can solve that impossible problem promptly and under your budget of $500." It's really sad. There's truth in the idea that a first world salary might go further elsewhere in the world, and that lots of people get by on less ... But I suggest you look at getacoder.com et al. and see what I was really talking about, because it can't be explained only that way with no other explanation. I once saw a project similar to something that took a former employer 10 years to iterate on and finally get right, with a long tail of bug fixes and crazy corner cases because it is a difficult problem. The rentacoder "cost" was 2 weeks and less than $1000. I did not follow up with that particular guy's project but I'm going to guess that they did not have success with those expectations and that budget. > they may think they're both trollin I can understand wanting to avoid the homophobic slur in the original, but trollin'? Bit of a stretch. This leads me to an interesting idea: Perhaps any use of "begging the question", correct or incorrect, leads to this. I remember reading the DSM occasionally, which is what they use to diagnose these things. I'll caution that I am not an expert, have no training in the area, so have at best a layperson's understanding. But my understanding is that you can have the symptoms of depression from time to time and not meet the criteria. Most of these things have, alongside the list of symptoms, a bullet point or two about it being persistent, that it gets in the way of your activities. Sometimes you see the list of symptoms for something like a mood disorder and you say, hey, that could be anybody, especially teenagers. Then you see the blurb about it being nearly every day for six weeks or whatever. As a thinking person of somewhat atheist leanings it's personally occurred to me that life is pointless, kind of like you said. Sometimes, especially when thinking of mortality, that can bum me out. But I wouldn't say that's the same as clinical depression. It's a set of libraries, and a loader for EXEs and DLLs. That's the simplest, most literal way I can think of to explain it. I don't know what the author was thinking of specifically, but the OOM killer seems like a bit of a hack to me. I can think of situations where I'd rather have an allocation fail upfront predictably than be randomly killed by the system. A lot of people seem to think you're screwed when you're out of memory and so think killing the process is acceptable, but I've worked on code bases where it's actually handled somewhat gracefully. (Although, on NT, if you run out of nonpaged pool you start to get weird, random I/O failures.) And that was exactly the criticism, wasn't it? "Overcommit-by-default nonsense". I didn't write the original, just trying to parse it. (And with that aspect I kind of agree, it's a goofy behavior.) I guess there's another, somewhat social aspect of making that the default: everyone else coding on the platform assumes the behavior is the other way, so I suspect when you set that flag to off, your other software starts crashing on null pointer dereferences because no one thinks malloc can fail. I had the same experience. Not sure how they generate them but perhaps not as random as one would think? I also switched from WindowMaker to DWM only this year, after having used it for a very, very long time. My only complaint about WindowMaker is it doesn't handle Chromium very well. (Never looked into that, but it wouldn't surprise me if that's Chromium's fault.) It doesn't matter that WindowMaker is "past its prime", it achieved perfection in 1998. :-) I always thought that people who run tiled WMs must be crazy, ever since trying out ion in the early 2000s. But now I'm one of them. It's honestly pretty good. Sorry for not making it clear enough, issue was with WindowMaker and Chromium. (I will edit to make it clearer.) WindowMaker draws its own decorations around the window which doesn't fit with what Chromium is trying to do. When I tell WMaker to not put decorations on Chromium, then some windows which need decorations don't get them. > Clearly stackexchange is showing pro-db bias. If the question is "why use a database", don't you expect pro-DB answers? Nitpick: your explanation works for the far more common term "willing", an adjective. But, through it may sound awkward and very few people would use it this way, could it not also be the participle of "to will"? In this interpretation the use of "willing" is totally correct. (Also, before saying that I've written this out of some foreign notion of English and that I just wouldn't understand, my own native language is English.) The fact that one must watch out for integer overflow on a buffer size calculation for malloc, realloc, etc. should be no surprise to a thoughtful C programmer. It sounds like somebody just did an audit of an old code base looking for bad patterns and this is what came out of it. It sounds like great work on the part of the people doing audits/fixes but I'm not sure it's freakout material ("massive" seems a bit sensationalist). Did I say avoid the problems? I'm pretty sure I said that the problems are not surprising. And, to add to that: I think it's especially not surprising in an older code base from an era in which this was less common knowledge. New code bases are of course not infallible but awareness of this is a higher priority than it used to be. I think it's also interesting that issues like this sometimes remain in libraries because people think the caller should figure out overflow. From a casual read of the announcement it looks like they took a better approach in some areas, i.e. the library assumes the worst of the caller. I'm reminded of something I read a few years back about the OpenBSD folks adding more overflow checks to calloc which does multiplication. It's nice when you can catch it in a library rather than pushing decisions to the caller. When I hear people say this I think "there's someone without a lot of exposure". Yes the mistakes do happen. Aside from the fact that bugs will happen with your high level languages too, when you get on a good stride with C you will find the mistakes not as frequent, and you will become good at debugging and fixing them when they do happen. As mentioned on this thread they won't go to zero, and I'll admit they'll sometimes be a different set of problems than with other languages. But it's not totally unmanageable or unapproachable. PS: your comment wold hold more weight if you had written C in your example. It looks like HN's italic formatter got in your way in the first snippet, but p = malloc(int) will not compile. Again, I don't think I ever said that people will stop making mistakes, just that the frequency of mistakes and ability to deal with them when discovered (or even ability to discover them) will change with experience. I feel like too many people dismiss the problem as scary and intractable and that's IMO not a good reason to never write any C. I feel like this statement does not reflect an understanding of the problem. Machines do not have arbitrary-precision integers. If you need to take X units of Y bytes, and your integers are 32 bits, and X is big enough so that X * Y will not fit in 32 bits... Then this problem has to exist somewhere - the machine will have to truncate the product into a 32 bit entity, the bit pattern of which is a legitimate quantity in its own right. The allocator doesn't and can't know whether you really meant "the lower 32 bits of X * Y" or "the product of X and Y", because the former is a totally valid input. You could very well make the same mistake in a higher level language since AFAIK most of them don't have arbitrary precision integers by default: create an array of a size based on an expression with an integer overflow. The difference is that it will blow up in a "safer" manner when you index beyond the end of the array. You could argue that this is the real benefit of the higher level language and perhaps you're right, but somebody at some layer of the system must implement that check; the machine does not have it as an inherent feature. By integer I mean machine word. Those do exist. I suppose we can get philosophical and say that there is no such thing as a machine word, that when you operate on the memory using different instructions, or jump into the memory, or whatever, this "machine word" becomes something else... But IMO this is a pointless exercise. The fixed-size machine word is a reality in the machines we're talking about. (How that gets translated into a higher level language like C will vary from machine to machine, compiler to compiler, but the analogy still stands and I do not believe it is meaningful to argue such points unless engaged in purposeful misinterpretation.) > Why should it be possible to read or write arbitrary locations in memory as a result? Because that is the point of an allocator. Your favorite language cannot have allocators in the same sense that C can. Instead of going on a crusade against the language, why not simply accept that some problem domains have to care about that? In this discussion I am not here griping about my favorite criticisms of various higher level languages (some examples: lots of code out there that assumes memory allocation is free, data structures with lots of gratuitous pointers [oops sorry, "object references"!] that slow down access, over-reliance on exceptions i.e. thousands of gotos that cross stack frames) because I admit that these languages are good for certain problem sets. > The issue is not with the allocator; the issue is with the ability to read or write beyond the bounds of an array. ... Even for low-level code, it never makes sense to step out of array bounds. You must understand that from the low level perspective, the array and its bounds do not exist. This is an abstraction. An allocator needs to chop up and slice a larger block of memory and give different segments to different callers. You cannot do this if something is enforcing bounds. What you can do is build higher level abstractions that track bounds and do runtime checks at every access. In C there is nothing to stop you from doing that as a library. In C++, some STL implementations even have bounds checking as a compile time option. But the languages don't force you into paying that cost. > Is 0 really the same thing the sane thing as 'NULL' in the context of C? Yes. I don't have chapter and verse handy but it is in the standard. The bit pattern of NULL is not required to be zero (so memset(&p, 0, sizeof(p)) is not guaranteed to yield null) but it must compare equally to 0 and assigning 0 must produce NULL. [Edit: OK, in C99 this is covered in 6.3.2.3: Pointers. "An integer constant expression with the value 0, or such an expression cast to type void * , is called a null pointer constant ." Then 7.17.3 says that NULL expands to a null pointer constant.] > If you actually wanted a pointer to the begging of the memory, you would dereference 0, Yeah, it's really easy to set up an environment where that happens. At one point I was experimenting with writing a small/toy kernel for x86 and I mapped the virtual address 0 to a valid page, and boom, dereferencing NULL did stuff. Not a great idea to set up the page tables that way for obvious reasons, but I'm going to guess that lots of hardware out there will let you do it... In the old days of 16-bit x86, linear address 0 had the interrupt vector, so as I recall lots of DOS (maybe even Win9x) environments had dereferencing NULL do meaningful (surely confusing) things. I'm confused by your diagram. The "X11 Client" is your app (literally, from a process perspective), and the X server displays it. Edit: You know what, I should be less passive-aggressive about that. I'm not confused by your diagram, it's just wrong. :-) Maybe what you really mean is: Display Where compositor/WM and your app are X clients, i.e. there's lots of context switches between clients and the server. I personally don't see much wrong with this design BTW, despite the context switches X is pretty smooth even on some pretty wimpy hardware (eg. Raspberry pi, or Nokia N900, or the wimpy Pentiums I ran X on 15 years ago). I didn't mind what you said until you brought in the horrible example of the tea party. Even ignoring its political message it was pretty much all astroturf, pumped up and hyped by established players. A few election cycles later it's pretty much gone. To disprove this all somebody needs to do is write a headline: Is Betteridge's Law of Headlines correct? > the speaker of the house cannot count on all of his own party's votes for that reason This is diverging from your original point so I won't push it too hard... But you don't think this has more to do with the larger trend in GOP members of congress over the last few decades? There has been a pattern of primary challenges against moderates for some time; it did not start with the 2010 election, it was only slightly re-branded and allowed to have a majority after a 4 year hiatus. Everyone has a price. My comment was meant as a joke. I don't expect Marco to sell his dog or anyone to offer sizable money for it. There seems to be a leap you've taken there. I don't think you've demonstrated that an old API is unsafe by virtue of being old. A platform company not wanting to maintain an API is not the same as that API being dangerous. This is the fallacy that some of the big guys have taken lately, to remove perfectly working stuff simply to be jerks. I know that it's not statistically sound, but as an informal straw poll I don't know why people are so eager to put this down. "Kind of tired", "don't trust them", "mostly fantasy" - these seem like oddly agressive phrases to me which probably reflect personal anguish rather than a desire to see the facts. If we take the $300K+ figure as an outlier, what I see are pretty much peaks at around where I get LinkedIn spam telling me I can make $x. [Edit: to clarify, by "peak", I am referring to peaks if you were to plot the responses in a histogram, not a dollar amount.] I'm going to guess which peak someone is likely to fall in varies with factors like years of experience, when you entered the workforce, how often you changed jobs, luck or whatever. Then I see a significant amount making more and a significant amount making less. I don't think that's all that unbelievable. I don't think it makes sense to overemphasize that the poll is informal and not scientific - the poll still tells you something , even if not really that much, so why dismiss the messenger? This reminds me of when I lived in Seattle, worked for MSFT and used to read "Mini Microsoft" threads around bonus/promo time. People would post level/base/bonus and how they were evaluated. That too was unscientific, but the company was pretty standardized around titles and how well you could do at bonus time, so it didn't take much to figure out that most of the data was probably accurate - and seeing that, even if it was totally unscientific, served as a reminder of how the place worked and where you fit into it. But then you got a lot of commenters who I think were bitter, jealous, or in denial that it was possible that the guy down the hall was doing better than them. So in a reactionary fashion, they start attacking the other posters, calling them liars, non-employees, whatever. I agree with you; it is my experience too, and I don't think my comment is incompatible with your reply. I was merely saying that the LinkedIn spam is roughly where the peaks are. (Large emphasis on "roughly".) Edit: it occurred to me that I left the definition of "peak" unspecified. By peak I mean amounts with the largest amount of respondents, not the highest dollar amount. > You’ll realize that Object Orientation is not the only way to architect software. Actually, pretty much all the "good" C code I've seen is using some form of object orientation, for example using structs with function pointers, or information hiding through incomplete types and void pointers. I think the better observation is that you don't need much language support to do mostly-OOP. That and a lot of people in those "other" languages are using language support for OOP as a bit of a mental crutch. (For example, many people working in Java or C# especially tend to write lots of indecipherable OO spaghetti.) I tend to see these as orthogonal. What does a macro do but generate more code? So shouldn't the use of macros be reducible to ordinary code? That, and you can still employ this stuff at the micro level and your chatter between compilation units or library boundaries can still be OO. I guess I don't see a strong distinction (or see them on the same axis) because I like the preprocessor and use it when I feel it's useful, but I still write fairly OOP-like public interfaces to my code. I think you misinterpreted my comment, but that's OK. My comment was that OOP in C can be seen kind of like a question of API or ABI (a bit like COM in the Windows world). If you need to do what some would consider hacky things with macros, or stuff that is "not very OO", you still want to keep boundaries between compilation units and libraries clean, and OO-style constructs is a good way to get that done. The fact that you used a macro is an implementation detail that disappears once your code is compiled. However to your (to my eyes entirely tangential) comment about subrountines.. No, you can't do everything macros do in a subroutine. For instance you can't take the parameters and stringify them with #, you can't concatenate tokens with ##, you can't do funny things with braces or have a macro declare a bunch of static variables or code for you. You can't do the co-routine hack that btilly's link references (although it is very "out there"). This means you can do lots of interesting things with macros that you cannot with a function. These things can be abused but they can also make your code a lot simpler, shorter, easier to understand - and with the uglier parts constrained to a small amount of code. I don't see it as in conflict with OOP because it doesn't have to leak outside a single compilation unit or library. If the same ideas of OOP have been around longer than the term itself (and I do believe you are right in pointing this out), do they cease to be the same ideas? This to me is degrading into a "tomato, tomato" discussion. Reminds me of arguments I used to get into with a friend. My friend was really into naming patterns and stuff. I really disliked that, and thought to give it a technobabble-ish name distances the practice from the concept itself, which is usually more straightforward than the name suggests. I don't think your comment is the first thing I've read that steers me in the direction of "OOP as a buzzwordy name for preexisting, good, clean practices". Such Randian nonsense. If the dems are such egalitarians and want to destroy the wealth of others, why do you have growing disparity and retain the Bush tax rates? And if you say Obama has more of this than Clinton, why are wealthy people paying less taxes now than they did in the 90s? > As to all the other stuff you said: Obama can't set tax rates unilaterally. If you had been following "negotiations" with Congress (take late 2010 as an example) you'd know that the president basically did a song and dance where he started out pretending he wanted higher taxes and proceeded to leave things exactly the same. He did not assert his strong position in that. If Congress literally did nothing, taxes would have been raised. He declined to fight for the tax-raising side of that argument and forfeited a superior negotiating position. If he really believed it in the beginning, he did not think highly enough of it to do what he could have. Edit: removing trollish comment about Rand, because it's bad to flamebait. Let me just say that it was clear to me from your comment that you have been influenced by folks nearing the Rand side of the spectrum, and that you can cease to compare it with Rand but it still comes out awfully similar... Thus I don't hesitate to say, even after your objections, that the comment was very Randian, in the sense that it is Rand-like. > For all I know, Obama traded advocating higher taxes for getting Obamacare through. He had already signed the healthcare bill 9 months prior to the events I am talking about. And again, one must understand that he was in a position where if nobody did anything, the person favoring higher taxes would win. It took effort to get the outcome that we did. > As an Objectivist, Thanks for confirming. Some people are pointing out undefined behavior involving shifts. I agree it's pretty egregious. (Also, how can you hardcode 31 in a bunch of places, make a statement like "if you don't know how many bytes an int is" - and not mention sizeof!) But there's a special place in hell reserved for this: > ( a) ^= ( b) ^= ( a) ^= ( b); This is undefined because ^= is not a sequence point. I feel like the title of this should be "how to demonstrate lack of C knowledge". Been a while, but I was taught that the gerund in Latin implied worthiness. So "dicendum" could be "worth saying". It would seem that Wikipedia agrees with my interpretation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerundive > It is used to indicate that someone or something (the referent of the noun it modifies) needs or deserves to be the object of an action. Also some of this spills into common names of people today: > The name Amanda is the feminine gerundive of amare ("to love"), and thus means roughly ... "worthy of being loved", ... Similarly with the name Miranda; ... "worthy of admiration" ... You don't specify when the non-insane time you're thinking of is, but I suspect that at that time distributing copies of someone else's memoirs in appreciable volume without being granted permission was probably also illegal. I'm pretty sure there's a large area in the middle of the country, far from the coasts, where he can go just fine.. This is the biggest problem I have with both the press and administration descriptions of what's going on. There is absolutely no technical specificity. I understand that this isn't useful to the general public but it's hard for technical people to parse what they're saying and draw conclusions. Not a lot of technical specificity around "memory compression". Edit: Ok, I stand corrected, somebody's done some research and found the code. Windows 8 does a similar-sounding trick. At some timer interrupts they de-dupe pages and make them copy-on-write when they are identical. I seem to recall also reading that some VM products (VMware?) do this - so if you have a few instances of the same OS, only unique pages end up getting stored. From the presentation I wonder if they're doing this, or if they might be putting the pages through a compression algorithm. (I hear "compression" and I think this, but it seems like that would make page faults needlessly costly.) I guess what it costs you in CPU is easily regained by what it saves you in I/O. > As if anyone was still wondering what happened to his position. Maybe it'll show up in the next "Who's Hiring" thread here on HN. :-) This guy is an awful writer. Even if I ignore that they don't know "its" from "it's", "then" from "than", this thing is hard to follow. Just an incoherent rant really, looks like it was written by a kid. So that's an excuse for bad writing? I used debian-multimedia for years and it was mostly great. I felt I had to stop because of all the conflicts. Over and over again I'd see mplayer crash seemingly randomly, then I'd look into it and discover that the debian-multimedia stuff was linked to the stock Debian stuff and they had differing ABIs for the same library name, so I'd have to uninstall everything from column A, then reinstall everything from column B ... after so much of this I gave up, and by that point the codecs in stock Debian didn't seem so bad. (Whereas several years ago you'd have to be stupid not to install debian-multimedia.) Is it me or does this sound like a nutty conspiracy theory? NSA is one thing... But IRS? I have a hard time believing this is anything but grossly exaggerated.