Anyone who thinks using wolfram alpha for math is cheating has never tried using it for non-trivial calculations. Yeah, it will save you the time of looking up an integral from a table, but it's worthless if the integral isn't in a standard table. It will save you time on looking up the equation for the area of a dodecagon, but it won't prove that equation. It will save you time figuring out the units of the final answer, but it won't tell you if those units are logical. Wolfram alpha only saves people from the tedious busywork of basic arithmetic and algebra, the user still needs to do all the math. Facebook is merely one of the many successors to Friendster, which in turn descends from such social platforms as Geocities and Usenet. Facebook managed to emerge as a major social network by occupying a specific niche, namely it was exclusively for college elites. By the time it branched out enough that anyone could join, and thus sought to topple myspace, it already had a huge userbase filled with socially influential people. Plenty of other social networks have also popped up and become wildly popular: twitter, instagram, snapchat, reddit, tumblr, pinterest, etc. None of them are clones of facebook, but they are as similar to facebook as facebook was to myspace when it launched. No one is going to switch to a new social network that none of their friends are on unless that new network offers some valuable feature that the original fundamentally lacks. Just look at Orkut: it was a perfect facebook clone with the backing of goolge that became wildly popular in places where facebook hadn't yet become predominant, like Brazil, but it couldn't topple facebook in established markets because no one had friends already on orkut. Google tried and failed to launch many social networks, their mistake every time was that they tried to move on facebook without a sizeable userbase. Facebook has worked tirelessly to integrate every valuable innovation in social networking very rapidly. They've added hashtags, newsfeeds, video sharing, video chat, etc. No new network has had both a large userbase and a valuable new feature at the same time, and thus no network has been in a position to take on facebook as a general social network. Presumably Facebook will remain king until either it loses its vigilance (which seems very unlikely so long as Zuckerberg is at the helm) or a valuable new social networking feature is developed that Facebook fundamentally can't integrate. For this latter case, there are in turn two possibilities: Facebook can't integrate a feature because it is too technically challenging (which seems unimaginable given the resources facebook devotes to its engineering and acquisitions) or the feature is just incompatible with the rest of facebook's user experience (in which case this new social network won't resemble facebook much at all). Thus I would posit that, while facebook is not guaranteed to always be on top, there will never be a new facebook that replaces it. Facebook is the Tyrannosaurus Rex of friendster-like social networks. The latest Proton can get payload to orbit for a lower price per kg than an expendable Falcon 9. The price difference isn't huge, less than 10%, and it comes at the cost of using UDMH/NTO for its propellant. This propellant combination is both highly explosive and highly toxic. It's an acceptable propellant choice for ICBMs, which the Proton was developed as, but for everything else it's really unacceptable. The price of the Proton also does not include development costs, making every flight in essence subsidized by the Russian government. Once the price of the Falcon 9 drops due to reusability, it will be the cheapest launch vehicle per kg of payload. Way more people want to click on a link that takes them to netflix than to a wikipedia page about the 14th letter in the english alphabet or a random game from 2004. I'm working on something similar to this for prospecting. Unfortunately a major issue is that even minor impurities can radically alter the appearance of minerals. Google corundum if you want a good example. Another issue is that people tend to post pictures online of exceptional samples which are pretty much by definition very different from what one would expect to find in nature. Finally, visual inspection is often not sufficient to determine what mineral something is, even if you know exactly what to look for; other tests such as scratch tests or chemical tests, etc are used to make the final determination. All in all you're probably not going to be able to make a general rock identifier that gives useful results for everything. You may get away with something more limited, but even then you're going to need a better database of images than google for training. I agree though it would be cool to have. They're taking offense to the title being a mischaracterization of the paper, not to the result in the paper I'd say drop the first 7 questions. You have no reason to doubt anyone who can do the last 4 can do the first 7, and you have no reason to care whether anyone who can't do the last 4 can do the first 7. Unless you specified how to do so in your operating agreement (in which case you wouldn't be asking us) you can't fire a co-founder. Either he can leave of his own volition, or you can. I'm going to assume what you mean is "how do I convince my cofounder to leave?" While you say that your co-founder lacks the skills you need right now, you also say he has skills that will be valuable in the future, plus the fact that you are worried about losing his contribution during the busy season implies that he does make some contribution right now significant enough to worry about losing. You clearly need to bring someone else on so that you have the skills you need (no sense in trying to fit a square peg into a round hole), but that doesn't automatically mean you need to get rid of your current cofounder. It sounds like the startup is generally healthy and you are just reaching the point where you need to expand. This expansion may require raising more money or tightening your belts, but I would not throw away a proven good partner if there were another viable option. It's not necessarily unfair to ask him to tighten his belt more than you, though I would hesitate to adopt the mindset that it's his fault you need to expand. Now if the problem isn't that your co-founder lacks the ability to do what the startup needs but rather is refusing to do what the startup needs, that's a different situation. I imagine this isn't a personality issue if you've worked together well before, more likely you just have different visions for what the startup needs. In such cases, it's good to have some third party to talk to, such as your investors or any advisors your company may have. It's easy to disagree with someone, it's very tough to disagree with everyone. At the same time though, instead of going in with the intention of forcing him to see things your way, look to understand his vision and consider modifying your own to an acceptable compromise between the two. Imagine you have 8 companies, each with one open position and different job requirements, and 7 coders who each apply to all 8 open positions and who each have different expertise. Every company extends an offer to the candidate who is best for them. No company hires more than 1/7th of the applicants, and every company hires only the best, yet at the same time there are not enough coders to go around. Of course at the same time, the companies getting flooded with more applicants than they can hope to process are not the same companies struggling to fill positions, and the coders struggling through interviews are not applying to the jobs that will take anyone with a pulse. Writing code is like writing a book. You're not going to nail it on the first draft. It's okay to use a library that's probably not right for what you're doing but you can make something work, and then come back later and reimplement it with a more appropriate library. In fact, the problems you run into during the sub-optimal first draft will tell you what tools are really the best for your project. It can also help to have someone else to keep you on track. Find a friend, a family member, a mentor, etc who is willing to take a few minutes every week to play around with what you create and give you some feedback. Having someone who you can show off to when you work hard, and who will be disappointed if you don't, is a pretty good motivator. "The point we will be making here is that logically, neither trial and error nor "chance" and serendipity can be behind the gains in technology and empirical science attributed to them. By definition chance cannot lead to long term gains (it would no longer be chance); trial and error cannot be unconditionally effective: errors cause planes to crash, buildings to collapse, and knowledge to regress." This is an extremely flawed initial assumption. There is no requirement for chance to be centered around zero. Consider rolling a dice: sometimes you'll get more than the mean, sometimes less, but you'll never roll a negative number. You can certainly win on chance in the long run, that's the foundation of casinos and insurance companies. It's hard to imagine a scenario where trial and error can possibly lead to knowledge regressing. Consider randomly digging holes in the ground: after enough holes you will eventually strike gold, and you will never lose physical gold in the process. However, you may lose significant time, wealth, and effort that could have been better converted to gold. The optimal way to strike gold is not to dig more, shallower holes, but to learn enough geology to understand where gold is likely to be found and concentrate your prospecting there. No experiment could ever possibly hurt scientific knowledge. People tinkering will certainly make occasional discoveries. In a brand new field with a lot of low hanging fruit, these discoveries will be numerous and the cost will be low. But in a developed field where people have a good idea where the remaining discoveries are likely to be found and the effort to conduct such experiments is substantial, targeted approaches become optimal. Reducing the unit cost of experiments is always nice, but is not generally feasible. This strategy of "convexity" is a very poor substitute in the real world for understanding. Burnout is the mental equivalent of an athletic injury: you might love what you do, but you've been going at it too hard and need time to recuperate. A burnt out person was previously happy doing what they were doing but just now can't go on. Depression is a mental health condition that can cause lethargy and can be brought on by stress, but it is chiefly characterized by extended and repeated periods of sadness and self loathing and can be brought on by many causes, including traumatic events, changes in hormone balance, or environmental factors. Simple rest and relaxation will not, at least on its own, make depression go away. While a depressed person is having a depressive episode, they may find it very difficult to work, but in between episodes they will work normally. Laziness means you don't like to work, or at least can't motivate yourself to do the tasks you need to do. It is a character trait that neither starts nor goes away suddenly. Instead it something that must be routinely overcome. A lazy person may have a lower baseline level of motivation than a non-lazy person, but their motivation level should remain about as consistent as a normal person's; they won't have sudden unexplainable drops in productivity. Being in the wrong job means something specific to the job itself is problematic but the person is otherwise an enthusiastic worker. Instead of sudden dips in enthusiasm, or consistent low performance, they will likely show a slow but steady decline as the negative aspects of their job takes a toll. Often the person in the wrong job actually likes the work itself, but other aspects of the working environment such as coworkers or organization make them unhappy. Finally, these cases are not mutually exclusive. A lazy person can find themselves in the wrong job, get burntout trying to do it anyways, triggering the onset of depression. Luckily, the remedies for each challenge are very unlikely to have a negative effect on someone who is actually facing one of the other challenges. This isn't second order thinking. Deciding to eat a salad when you're hungry instead of a candy bar because you value health over immediate satisfaction is discipline, not intelligence. You're still thinking linearly about the costs and benefits of the decision, you're just placing more emphasis on the longer term costs and benefits. Second order thinking refers to holistically looking at a situation to see emergent behaviors, which allows the intelligent to see things that are not intuitive. Second order thinking would be choosing a salad when you're hungry so that salad becomes associated with relieving hunger, thus making it easier to choose salads going forward, which will create a positive feedback loop keeping you on your diet. It's the self-interaction of the decision that makes it qualitatively more complex than first order thinking. The supreme court interprets the constitution, it doesn't have carte blanche to rewrite it. It is security theater but it's set up that way for good reason. The long winding lines are intended to let cameras get good images of you from multiple angles and have time to run those images through a database. Anyone flagged is standing for several minutes in a heavily guarded area with no electronics, no shoes, not even a belt: they're in no position to run, hide, or fight. This "debunking" oversimplifies the situation by only looking at individual charged particles. In reality, after this thing has been running for a bit, you'll have a cloud of free electrons ahead of the craft and a cloud of protons behind the craft. As protons ahead of the craft are decelerated by the leading positive plate, they will eventually slow to a low enough energy to combine with the free electrons, becoming neutral hydrogen. Only when they get inside the capacitor field will the voltage differential be great enough to re-ionize the hydrogen, at which point the electron will be shot forward to replenish the free electron cloud, while the proton will be accelerated out the back. Analogously, free electrons approaching from the rear will lose enough energy to recombine with the trailing protons, again becoming neutral hydrogen which no longer contributes to drag. It's really no different than if you had a purely mechanical funnel scooping up neutral hydrogen and using that as fuel for a conventional ion-engine. I could totally see that. I live in an area with lots of very steep hills which would be murder to bike up, so I just don't bike. I never even considered that I could just get an E-bike to deal with them and then start biking everywhere. You can't really compare bone and titanium in terms of strength. Bone is strong in compression but weak in tension and extremely weak in shear. Titanium is slightly weaker in compression but dramatically stronger in tension and shear. Bone works great until it fails catastrophically (ie it fractures, breaks, and shatters) while titanium will begin bending long before it breaks. The latter is generally preferred in engineering structures, but since a human can heal its bones, the sudden failure is an acceptable compromise for consistent performance even at high loads. Finally, bone weakens as we age, as does the body's ability to heal itself. Eventually wear and tear will make joints highly uncomfortable and the potential damage from otherwise minor injuries significantly greater. Titanium holds up well in the body over human timespans, and our ability to replace titanium components far exceeds our ability to artificially regenerate bone. There are good reasons why evolution favored a composite like bone for our structural elements, but if you could magically replace your skeleton with one made of titanium once you were past your prime, it would be an unambiguous upgrade. Build some things which already exist. Inevitably you will run into difficulty trying to do something that ought to be easy. Those are the best problems to solve. According to the Hague Convention's relevant sections, article 1: The Contracting Powers recognize that hostilities between themselves must not commence without previous and explicit warning, in the form either of a reasoned declaration of war or of an ultimatum with conditional declaration of war. article 2: The existence of a state of war must be notified to the neutral Powers without delay, and shall not take effect in regard to them until after the receipt of a notification, which may, however, be given by telegraph. Neutral Powers, nevertheless, cannot rely on the absence of notification if it is clearly established that they were in fact aware of the existence of a state of war. There is nothing saying that a declaration of war must be preserved. Indeed the only mentioned method of transmitting a declaration of war is by telegraph, which does not preserve the information at all and would mean the message might be completely missed if the receiver was unmanned at the time. Ignoring the absurdity of declaring war exclusively via twitter, or the improbability that a declaration of war on twitter by a nation state would go unnoticed, it seems even an extremely rapid deletion of the tweet would not hinder the tweeter's ability to formally declare war, and thus the deletion could never be treason to begin with. There might be an issue with the Federal Recordkeeping Act, but this would be on the part of the entity tweeting, not Twitter, and would certainly not be grounds for treason in any capacity. This is an argument for people to wake up later, not for clocks to be set back an hour. Interestingly you can design a wastewater treatment plant in arizona without a PE license, but there are no exemptions for any type of engineering except that which would be done by a civil or structural engineer.[0] At the same time though, the word "engineer" in isolation is not protected in Arizona the way it is in some other states.[1] [0] https://codes.findlaw.com/az/title-32-professions-and-occupa... [1] https://codes.findlaw.com/az/title-32-professions-and-occupa... This conclusion does not seem to be the simplest conclusion from the evidence. Forest fires would be more rare in cold periods, but they would still occur - if they happened 10 times less often you'd expect to see around 10% as much fire usage, not 0%. While it is possible Neanderthals in the region abruptly stopped using fire in the region for tens of thousands of years, another possibility is that they started making a different style of hearth which did not leave the same form of evidence. Perhaps they switched to making fires in different parts of or outside the cave, or perhaps they built fires on raised stones that provided better airflow but also meant buried artifacts recieved less heat, or perhaps as sediment built up in the cave they started digging pits for their hearths which would make them appear older, etc. While none of this explicitly rules out the possibility that Neanderthals lacked the ability to make fire, that a hominin so similar to us that we could potentially crossbreed could survive in arctic climates without fire is an extraordinary claim, and absence of evidence for fire at these locations is not necessarily evidence of absence. Information would pass between neighboring tribes over time. Even if a small region had gone centuries without fire, the knowledge could return. Indeed, fire itself could be transported between tribes if one lost theirs. For a continent-scale loss of knowledge, you'd need a continent-scale loss of fire lasting generations. Any event that could cause this would certainly have left clear traces. If people are disappointed that they can't actually buy your product, it's only because they want it and can't readily get it by any other means (otherwise they never would have bothered with you in the first place). By validating your idea, you move one step closer to satisfying their wants and needs. If you don't validate your idea, or validate by a slower or less effective method, you are delaying, possibly indefinitely, their ability to purchase what they desire. While some people may react negatively to being "misled" like this, that doesn't change the fact it is objectively in their best interest. Your desire to avoid misrepresentation does no good beyond making you feel better about yourself for having followed an arbitrary moral rule without regard for circumstance. Any ethics system that says go against everyone's best interests to make yourself feel good is dumb. First doesn't necessarily cause second, but second almost certainly doesn't cause first. The comment isn't for educating the authors, it is a reminder for those reading the article not to misinterpret the authors' work. According to the original article, the governor's order did not state that virtual schools had to close. Rather the state superintendent interpreted the order to include virtual schools specifically so that the brick and mortar schools don't lose funding. > I was deeply disturbed by recent reporting by The New York Times about the nearly 70 million online photos and videos of child sexual abuse that were reported by technology companies last year. If the tech companies are reporting 70 million photos and videos, doesn't that mean current measures are already effective at finding and reporting massive quantities of child sexual abuse content? It's like complaining about firefighters putting out too many fires - even if there is some real problem causing an excessive amount of fires to start, there's no reason to interfere with the firefighters successfully combatting the problem. It is quite frightening that the bill's prominent supporters won't list even a single problem with the current system that they hope their new "best practices" would rectify. Significant progress was made towards vaccines for other diseases closely related to Coronavirus such as SARS and MERS before funding dried up. While a SARS vaccine probably wouldn't be effective against Covid-19, there's no reason a priori to assume covid-19 has some special quality that makes it substantially more difficult to develop a vaccine for. HIV resists attempts to produce a vaccine because of its high mutation rate. There are too many strains out there for one vaccine to ever be effective and no guarantee that new strains won't pop up. Had HIV been caught and contained early on, a vaccine cocktail could probably have been developed that would be effective, but now you'd still have to worry about any HIV positive person having a strain you are not vaccinated against and thus would have to take the same protective measures. Covid-19 has been mutating slowly thus far, so there is good reason to believe that if a vaccine is developed, it would be effective. It is possible and even probable that covid will remain endemic in some regions, particularly those with poor healthcare systems, and thus new strains will have time to emerge. We thus may need new vaccines for seasonal strains, similar to the flu, but still it will be much more manageable. At the end of the day though, a vaccine may not be necessary for life to go back to something close to normal. The US already has about 1.3 million community spread pneumonia cases per year on average which has a substantially higher mortality rate and we get along just fine. The issue with Covid was that we were unprepared for it - hospitals did not have adequate amounts of supplies and equipment to handle the sudden spike in admitted patients. This leads to worse outcomes for those who catch the disease and extreme measures to limit the rate the disease spreads. If all the hospitals already had tons of extra ventilators lying around and if everyone already had face masks at home and if businesses already had adequate plans for sick leave in place then this outbreak would have been a mild inconvenience. While we obviously can't go back in time, we will be prepared moving forward. There aren't many hospitals that have run out of beds, but that's not the issue. Many have had to resort to inferior alternatives for PPE as primary supplies have run out and global shortages have made them impossible to restock. The price of melt-blown non-woven fabric, the bottleneck in the production of N95 masks, has increased 10x as the machines to produce more take months to build. In countries like the US, people were initially told not to wear face masks so as to preserve the supply for hospital use; while the decision was not irrational, those countries where face mask usage by the general population was widespread saw much lower infection rates, and while the US has changed course it is still quite probable that if people had masks from the get go we'd be better off. The shortage of ventilators has required rationing - ie where a patient would normally be put on a ventilator when they had much more mild symptoms (and better odds of survival) they are now delayed until the disease has further progressed. Luckily ventillators from less affected areas have been moved to worse hit ones which has taken the edge off the shortage to a degree. Testing kits have been an extreme limitation throughout the outbreak. Their low availability meant it was difficult to trace contacts early on, major transport hubs like airports did not have adequate access to screen likely carriers until the disease had already reached most countries, and even now millions of perfectly healthy people are living in fear as the tests which would tell them they'll be fine are reserved for those showing symptoms. While it has been pushed further than at any point in living memory, the US health system did not collapse; the outbreak has remained within a manageable range. This is true only because of massive measures taken to slow down the outbreak. Millions of people are in lockdown and huge sections of the economy have been either de jure or de facto shut down, which has already evaporated trillions of dollars in wealth, and no price can be put on the lives that have been lost as a result of avoidable infections and inferior medical care. If we were prepared, we wouldn't have had to take those emergency measures to keep the infection rate low enough for the healthcare system to survive. Looks more like jazz hands to me but to each their own Why should we not feed the utility monster? Consider a population of mostly healthy people but one person has a rare cancer. There is a small supply of drugs that treat that cancer. The vast majority of the population would derive little utility from being allocated this drug (there is some small chance that they may get the same cancer in the future, so having it available does have value, just not much) whereas the person who has that cancer derives a much larger amount of utility from the resource. The cancer patient is in this case a utility monster and giving it cancer medicine is feeding the utility monster. Consider even further the case where most of the population is middle class but some fraction is living in absolute poverty. A single dollar provides little utility to the middle class people but a tremendous amount of utility to the extremely poor. Taxing the population some small amount and allocating it to the poor individuals would not only be feeding a utility monster but it would be directly decreasing the utility of everyone else to do so. Let's consider a third scenario: a researcher is trying to cure some terminal disease but requires test subjects who may die as various possible drugs are tried. The utility gain from curing a disease once and for all would be immense compared to the life of one or even a few individuals. Carrying out this research is again feeding a utility monster, and in this case literally sending people to their deaths to do so. While people might disagree on how we'd go about feeding these monsters in practice, society has widely accepted at least in principle giving medicine to the sick, providing welfare to poor, and taking calculated risks in the name of progress. The utility monster only sounds appealing as an ad absurdum argument because the existence of such a utility monster presupposes such an absurd situation. One can easily imagine that a utility monster which derives more utility from every resource than the whole of humanity combined could exist, but actually imagining such a monster is much harder. It feels wrong to support sacrificing the whole of humanity to one being because I can not truly comprehend a situation where one being could derive enough utility to justify such a sacrifice. But in this hypothetical scenario where the sacrifice actually was justified, I would by definition be able to imagine it, and thus I would apply the same logic I do to the utility monsters which I can imagine, and there is no reason to believe I would reach a different conclusion. Thus I would support feeding the utility monster if I were ever in such a scenario. > In the enlightenment you could make discoveries about lightning with a kite and a key, in your free time when you weren't working as a publisher or founding America. And yet those discoveries weren't made in the previous thousands of years during which people had been standing around in thunderstorms. The enlightenment represented a paradigm shift where a new innovation - the scientific method - was applied en masse for the first time and it led to revolutions in science, technology, and society. Whenever a paradigm shift happens, be it the practical steam engine or long range electricity transmission, you invariably have a lot of suddenly accessible low hanging fruit. The mid 20th century had a surprisingly large number of such paradigm shifting innovations such as solid state transistors, integrated circuits, jet engines, nuclear reactors, antibiotics, solar cells, the internet, lasers, credit cards, the list goes on. Entire new fields of science and sectors of industry popped up in a very short period of time. We continue to innovate, but our innovations are mostly evolutionary and there have been comparatively few paradigm altering inventions in the past 30 years, especially when one considers how much larger the population of sufficiently educated and affluent individuals who could produce such innovations has become and how much easier it is for such innovations to be communicated. It is impressive how good we've gotten at picking higher fruit, but we should still be asking why we are struggling so hard to find low hanging fruit. At a distance of 100 km, the gravitational acceleration caused by the greenland ice sheet is .019 m/s^2 or ~0.2% g. Doesn't sound like a lot but it's still 524 times higher than the effect of the moon's gravity which creates the tides. The ice sheet has the same gravitational effect as the moon at a distance of approximately 2300 km. If managers are disagreeing in public, it is either because they never agreed to something in private beforehand (poor communication) or because the couldn't stick to the agreement (lack of professionalism). Such disagreement is thus a symptom, not a cause of management problems. You shouldn't be undermining eachother with arguments, but forbidding such arguments does not fix the underlying issue, it only hides it and lets it fester. If something is enjoyable and rewarding, like making art or an invention, I'd want to do it myself. If a job is unenjoyable and unrewarding, I will use the fruits of my labors to get someone else to do it. I will pay a lot of money to whoever cleans my septic tank. Does that make septic tank cleaners socially valuable, or does that make having a clean septic tank valuable? If a machine can clean the septic tank and no one has to do that task anymore, then I can get what I want without either having to toil myself or convincing someone else to toil. Wouldn't surprise me if they had a little piston or something to push off every Xth bottle but there was an off-by-one error so they wound up pushing off every bottle with 348 printed instead, or perhaps they had to restart the line once and no one told the engineer to adjust for it so the place was off after that. While not done with neutrinos (at least not yet), a very similar setup is used for stufying geological structures. Usually either cosmic rays or muons produced by cosmic ray collisions are detected and depending on the number of detections over time, the density of the rock they pass through can be determined. By filtering the energy of the particles, you can look at radiation directionally (particles coming straight down have more energy than those that come at a shallower angle). You can have a detector next to a volcano and get an "x-ray" of that volcano. Neutrino detectors can also "see" active nuclear reactors. One could imagine using a detector located outside of a suspect nation to validate their claims with regards to nuclear nonproliferation (ie that they're not running their reactors overtime to produce more plutonium than they report). By selecting the energy of the proton beam correctly, you can prevent much besides the muons from being produced. Whatever other particles do show up - if not guided by carefully set up electromagnetic fields - will quickly smash into the walls of the device, generating heat as they scatter and decay. Some of this heat can be used to boil a coolant and regenerate energy, but for the most part it is just an inefficiency. The lead wall and some of the material around it will become radioactive waste as some long lived isotopes are produced, but they could potentially have many years of service life. Let's say a county is a 15 mile by 15 mile square with a square grid of streets spaced on average 1000 feet apart. That would be 2370 miles of road in the county. Assuming a lifetime for that road of 35 years, they need to replace 68 miles of road per year which works out to about 1000 feet per day. At $1.5/.32 miles, they would be spending $881K per day on road replacement. If a county run crew could cut 10% of this cost out, and 50% of that was used for labor, they could employ 198 people at 80k per year on average. A paver capable of paving 1000 feet of 24 foot wide road per day costs approximately 60k. Assuming 10% of cost savings went towards capital equipment, they could purchase 52 such pavers per year. For a more reasonable but still quite liberal budget of $1 million per year of capital equipment financing and maintenance payments and salaries of $200k for 40 employees, that 10% cost savings would allow the county to pocket $22 Million per year. Even if the streets were spaced on average 1 mile apart, that would still be 100 feet per day, and the 10% cost reduction would be $3 million per year. This does not include new construction or regular maintenance of roads, nonetheless other construction projects. Only very small or sparsely populated counties should have any trouble justifying the expense of an in-house construction crew. Just make a github account with a second email address And what are the odds you will encounter that situation again in the next 10 years? In the same time period, what are the odds you'll need a prescription for antibiotics for a common disease? No one is saying you should stop seeing doctors entirely, but several things that currently require a doctor's appointment probably shouldn't. You can make a new reddit account in 20 seconds if you don't want people to tie the comment you're about to make to your main account which is already a step removed from you. If you want Throwaway8675309 to develop a reputation, that's an option you have, not a requirement. That's why I started my kids off reading James Joyce. Once they learn to manage their vocabulary and really grasp how grammar is supposed to work, then they can read Dr. Seuss without picking up any bad habits. Sure my kids are teenagers and have never finished reading a book, but they'll be great authors once they do. Those who don't report incidents within x days of the first report should forfeit their 10% bonus for some pay period y to a pool to be split among those who do report incidents in the time frame, with those who report earlier receiving larger portions than those who report later. It thus is always in everyone's individual best interest to try to identify incidents and report them as quickly as possible. This is an example of what's known as a Rocket Based Combined Cycle engine (RBCC), sometimes also referred to as Ducted Rockets or Air Augmented Rockets or Ejector Ramjets. It's essentially the chemical analogue of a jet engine, using the thrust of a small rocket for compression instead of fan blades. While like a ramjet it doesn't have any moving parts in the airflow, the rocket engine lets it produce static thrust, so it can potentially take off from the ground. The pressure rise from the rocket exhaust can be much higher than what a mechanical system of the same weight could produce. The exhaust of the fuel rich rocket engine can be combusted further downstream with the entrained air, acting like an afterburner. The hot exhaust mixes with and heats the incoming air very quickly which is important at high speeds where the air has a short residency time in the engine. At higher altitudes where there isn't enough air to support combustion, the duct acts as a large and thus high-efficiency nozzle for the rocket engine. While not necessarily the best propulsion method at any one stage of the flight, RBCCs are unique in that they beat rocket performance at every point from ground to orbit. That all being said, RBCCs have some limitations. The ducts add significant weight and make the rocket more aerodynamically complex. For single stage to orbit orbit, most trajectories spend little time in the range where RBCCs provide their greatest advantage. For two stage to orbit, a Turbine Based Combined Cycle (TBCC) engine outperforms the RBCC for the first stage and the weight can't be justified over that of a pure rocket for the second stage. Finally with the advent of propulsive landing, the value of an airplane-like shuttle with a heavy structure has been called into question. While interesting and promising, it's hardly a new technology, it's been in development for decades. The Soviets were likely the first to seriously explore the concept in the form of their GNOM ICBM which reduced the size sufficiently for the ICBM to be transported easily on land[0], using Nasa explored an RBCC powered SSTO shuttle in the early 90s known as GTX[1]. Solid Propellant RBCCs have seen wide use in recent years for the latest generation of air-to-air missiles from several countries. [0] http://www.astronautix.com/g/gnom.html [1] https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/199900... People are polarized because they don't like being not polarized isn't really a theory, it's a tautology. "Increasing rapidly by a large amount" is reasonable usage. does the sentence "Disasters would be magnified increasing rapidly by a large amount" make sense though? With a little word shuffling you can get something that at least comes out as coherent, but can you make it convey an idea more complex or more clearly than "disasters would be a lot worse"? Nuanced word selection can add clarity that would be difficult to achieve with more basic vocabulary, but too often people use wordgasms to confuddle the person they are trying to communicate with and make an otherwise vacuous statement appear more legitimate. Russia is on the verge of a demographic collapse as the generation born after the fall of the soviet union comes of age. Their military which relies on huge manpower reserves will have a much smaller pool to draw upon, domestic consumption of consumer goods will shrink, and the costs of public welfare for the elderly is going to grow significantly relative to tax revenues. This demographic shift has already started, and its full effects will be felt this decade. Russia needs to make a lot of unreasonably bold plays right now while it still can if it is to secure its position in the coming years. Oil sales and advanced military technologies are not going to be super useful in the long run, but they reduce Russia's reliance on its large population which is the more imminent threat. It's generally unsafe to assume counter-intuitive moves are irrational. Masses attract because they are attracted to eachother is not a theory of gravity, it's a restatement of the givens. People are polarized because they polarize is likewise a restatement of the givens. That people don't like being non-polarized is inferred from the observation that they are polarized, the same way that the attractive property of masses is inferred from the observation of masses that have been attracted. Theories explain observations, and predict what ought to be observed beyond the data used in their formulation. There is no explanatory power of how or why people polarize, nor any testable prediction made by the model. I concur, you wife not-not wanting the cup is not a satisfying explanation for why she keeps the cup. Likewise not-not wanting to be polarized is not a satisfying explanation for why people are polarized. > People are fit because they don't like being not fit. Except it isn't true. I've never met anyone who was fit but really wanted not to be. > I do not see a meaningful difference between taking actions to become fit and choosing stances that are polarized If you accept the theory that people polarize simply because they innately seek to be in a polarized state, then that would imply polarization is the default state that people approach without any effort on their part. Becoming fit requires active and continuous work to eat healthy and exercise. They are polar opposites of one another. > therefore that would imply this is not a tautology. That orange != orange does not imply that apple == apple is not a tautology. Everyone who has ever lived knew that things fell to the ground; Newton's theory of gravity describes how. It makes testable predictions which were subsequently verified. That's why Newton gets his name on it and all those billions that came before him didn't. Knowing that things fall is not the same as knowing what causes them to fall. Linnean taxonomy makes the very powerful implicit prediction that similar looking animals are related in some way to one another. While it would be many decades more before the mechanism of those relations were explained, the recognition that, for example, a dog and a wolf are the same type of thing was in and of itself non-obvious. What I think you are trying to describe is a model, which is a system of understanding information without necessarily explaining it. Only because in your example wanting != wanting, which is an unfortunate consequence of the language not having a good word to differentiate between the desire to possess something and the desire not to be rid of it. -(-A) == A, when A == A, is a tautology though. Plenty of people can visualize an image in their head as if they are seeing it in real life. As one of those people, trust me that if your brain is set up to work that way, it's pretty difficult to imagine any other way of picturing the world. Likewise there are plenty of people who honestly can't picture things in their mind at all. The fact that you are towards the middle of the spectrum does not mean the extremes don't exist. China's one child policy has created a massive cliff in their demography. A generation later, there aren't that many children to take over from and support their parents as they move out of the working population. While industrial capacity can be made up for a bit with automation, which china is investing heavily in, the common people will still see economic hardship. Further, the one child policy led to an extreme skewing of the sex ratio, which means large numbers of males will not be able to find partners in china. The wealthier ones will emigrate, taking their wealth with them, while the poorer ones will be left with nothing and no one to lose in a country whose interests become increasingly misaligned with theirs. For the moment, large numbers of people still remember when china was weak, and from these ranks come the party leaders who staunchly defend and promote national unity. These people will die off in the not too distant future though, leaving people who never had to live through the bad times which justified the communist government's existence. Much like how the soviet union collapsed as soon as the tsarist age passed out of living memory, china will struggle to convince the disparate parts of china are stronger together as their growth slows and totalitarian policies become ever more divorced from real threats. Unified chinese states have formed many times in history. They have also shattered many times. The actions in recent years of putting economic growth above all else, suppressing ethnic minorities in favor of a homogeneous Han state, and building up institutions for societal control are not the actions of a powerful emerging superpower but desperate ploys to stop history from repeating itself before it's too late. While perhaps they will succeed, at least for some time, I personally think the next few decades will not be kind to china. America and the west would be better served making sure they don't succumb to similar problems. Europe likewise has an inverted population pyramid and the horrors of world war 2 which forged the west's present unity is likewise about to pass out of living memory. The west is at least much more open to immigration than China so it has less resistance on the path to fixing its demographic problems (despite the rise of recent alt-right/anti-immigration movements). Further, the west's unity formed from many organic interconnections of economic and military shared interest rather than being forced upon it by a central authority, so those bonds are presumably more resilient. That said, the west is much more indebted and its power much more overextended in places like the middle east and africa. Its challenges will be different in nature but similar in degree. The world is likely to take a very surprising form in the not too distant future regardless of any attempts to shape it. Well I can't draw anything very well, but I can see in my mind a photo-realistic image indistinguishable from what I am perceiving in real time. No matter to what degree I interrogate it, I find no discrepancies with the real world. Everything I revisit is exactly as I remember it. I can read text in my dreams. I can make arbitrary changes to whatever I visualize and project them onto the real world as if my eyes were seeing it for real. Compare your memory of, say, song lyrics - you might misremember some of the words but that doesn't mean your memory of the lyrics aren't real, you are remembering a real and coherent set of words, not making them up as you go. When you hear that song again and you know what word is coming up next that is not your mind conning you, that is just successful recall. Likewise you probably know the melody of the song; though you might not be able to transcribe it, you would immediately notice if even a single note was off. More impressive, you can probably correctly identify a song you haven't heard in years from a fraction of a second long sample. If you show me some tiny portion of a photograph of something I've seen before, I will similarly be able to identify it instantly. I used to think that everyone experienced the world the same way as I did. Personally, as a visual person, I found graphs to be the most intuitive way of conveying information. How could anyone not understand a graph? But my brother can't make heads or tails of them. He's an incredibly intelligent person, but he fundamentally does not process and store information visually. I've met many other people who can think in ways I can't, such as people who can think visualize objects in 4 dimensions. If you want further evidence that thought processing is not constant across different people, consider that it is not even constant over a single lifetime. What language do you process language in? If you learn a second language, most people, myself included, eventually reach a point where you can think in that second language without using your primary language as a mediator. The brain is simultaneously incredibly powerful and incredibly plastic. Entire regions can be repurposed to function in radically different ways. All evidence points to extreme variability in how our individual minds work. Look at your computer screen. Really take it in. Where is the banner? Where is the exit button? What is the color of your underwear? Perhaps you will remember what color underwear you put on this morning, perhaps you will check, but it would be pretty weird if your underwear's color was constantly on your mind. Nevertheless, I doubt you would argue that your underwear did not have color while you weren't thinking of it. Now open up an image of a pirate on your screen. Click on the window and drag it down until the bottom half is off the screen. What color are the pirate's trousers? The computer is only displaying a portion of the image, so technically the pirate's trousers don't exist. But nevertheless the data in the image file would suggest that the pirate does in fact have trousers of a certain color, even if that color is just a number. You are correct that visual memory does not work like a photograph, but why would it? Your eyes don't send photographs via mail to a little post office in your head, your vision is a means of processing the signals of huge numbers of neurons firing together. Visual processing ought to the same circuits in the brain as vision, the fact that it behaves like vision is evidence that those circuits really are in use. Of course what I imagine is an illusion, no one is proposing that simply by imagining an object it will manifest in reality. The point is that it is exactly the same sort of illusion as the one that my brain makes when I see real things, and thus my perception of my visual thoughts is the same as my perception of the visible world. Okay, here's an experiment less subject to philosophical interpretation: Picture Jack Sparrow (assuming you feel like you have a good memory of pirates of the carribean). In particular, picture his sparrow tatoo. Write down what color it is. Then look online at an image of it [0]. Is the color the one you wrote down that you pictured? Repeat this again for any image you feel like you remember. If your mind were simply making you think that you were picturing things correctly, what you write down should rarely match reality. On the other hand, if you are actually storing visual information, your memory should pretty regularly be correct. Not everyone actually does store data visually, it really could go either way. With regards to your comment, the instruction was to picture a pirate, not a pirate's shirt. If you look at a photograph of someone, do you become instantly aware of all information contained within it with perfect detail? If so you must be great at where's waldo. For the rest of us, we perceive a gross overview at first and to identify any details we must focus in. But the fact that we don't know where waldo is before we look for him does not mean our brains are retroactively placing him into the picture. [0] http://www.jacksparrowcostuming.com/tatoo.htm I can't draw what I see with my mind very well for the same reason I can't draw what I see with my eyes very well: my hands are terrible. I do enjoy drawing, but it sucks to be painfully aware of how different what I produce is from what I intended to produce. Where I am not limited by my dexterity, such as with computer aided design, I can perfectly recreate what I envision. If you put it on earth, it has to survive whatever renders the earth uninhabitable. Given the very large number of potential bad things that could happen, something that can confidently survive all of them would be very difficult to make. If it's on another world, it is obviously already in a pretty inhospitable environment that is expensive to access, but that environment is unlikely to get catastrophically worse at the same time as the earth, and the costs of building it can be reasonably estimated. If you take out a 500k life insurance policy, if you take into account the time value of money it will on average cost you more over the course of your life than the policy actually pays out. You are technically losing money by having the insurance. However in exchange you put a known upper bound on the amount that you lose as opposed to the person who makes the rational choice to forego the policy and assumes unlimited risk. Likewise beefing up the one basket we keep all our eggs in is almost certainly more economical than getting another basket, but it is inevitably still a single point of failure. You don't design safety systems for every day, you design them for the worst day. For example, on earth there are nuclear weapons, so anything designed to last has to be able to survive a direct hit by a nuclear weapon. Even though a post-nuclear earth would still be nicer than mars, it's easier to survive on mars for centuries than survive that fraction of a second of nuclear fire. And it's not just nuclear - if you are going to have a single point of failure, it has to survive every possible thing - it needs to be nuke proof, germ proof, chemical proof, earthquake proof... Redundancy is much cheaper. Presumably the martian back-ups would return to earth as soon as the danger of the calamity had passed, so you still get all the benefits of Earth's habitability afterwards. Only the pre-catastrophe society needs to build and support a mars base. Not photo-realistically, no. Fine motor control and visualization are different skills. I can probably keep a pencil point to within .5mm of where I want, but that still produces a very crude final result. It would be absurd to conclude that just because a physicist isn't a champion at billiards that he can't think in terms of vectors, or that someone with a speech impediment can't process words clearly in their mind. That someone who can see an image clearly should be able to perfectly reproduce it does not logically follow. The lack of utility is a valuable trait for a currency. If a one dollar steel coin can be turned into a 5 dollar tool, then why would you keep your steel in the form of coins? But if you are trading in manufactured goods, you are essentially just bartering. Gold also benefits from its high density. If you are expecting 100 grams of money and have a scale that is accurate to 1 gram, someone can shave off .5 grams of material and convince you they are still giving you the full amount. The lighter money is, the more accurate your scales must be. On the other hand, making coins of the same material twice as heavy means using twice as much material: which both increases its bulkiness and cuts the number of coins in circulation in half. Making your coins from a dense material means you can have lots of small, easily carried coins instead of a smaller number of big bulky ones. Gold was the densest material known to antiquity and remains one of the densest materials on Earth. Well the key is that there is no one person making this call. Some middle manager instructs a bunch of peons to look for places to cut costs. One of them finds that doing X costs Y when doing it another way could cost Z. This all gets packaged to a higher up who just sees it costs Y to do X, and writes a report noting that X is a result of W. This goes up the chain to someone who needs to evaluate whether to cut U,V or W and they recommend W because it ultimately costs Y. This goes up another level to someone who approves a budget that cuts W to save Y and packages this into some nice talking points. The CEO then presents these talking points to the board and is congratulated for saving Y and then move on to questioning why X isn't being done any more. Every individual is making somewhat reasonable decisions from their myopic perspective but in aggregate they are incompetent. No one is deciding to let millions die, they simply don't take the time to understand what effects their actions have. Yes, and every time I go to the grocery store my ability to hunt mammoths is reduced. Anesthesia reduces my ability to just deal with the pain of surgery. A pen reduces my ability to chisel words into stone. Exposing us less to the challenges of the past is not a bug, it's a feature. Well the idea is that it took you years to put on the weight as your normal lifestyle is close to equilibrium calories consumed = calories burned. If you knock off the weight and maintain that same equilibrium then you should stay close to the reduced weight for some time. Of course in reality people's metabolisms and dieting habits change under such drastic circumstances so the equilibrium assumption doesn't hold up. That being said, there are plenty of people who don't care if they put all the weight back on in a few months so long as they have that beach bod for the summer. This is the wealthiest nation on earth in the most prosperous period in history, someone working 40 hours per week to support this society should be doing a lot better than "not dying of starvation." Food, water, shelter, and nothing more is the wage of a slave, not a free man in a free society. The same argument would suggest that spacious and luxurious ocean liners would be much preferable to flying across the ocean in a cramped tube. Sure flying is a cool experience but unless you're a CEO, lawyer, investment banker, etc do you really need to be in London by tomorrow morning? Supercruise is actually more fuel efficient than subsonic flight. You're going faster but also through less dense air and the engine works more efficiently. The major impetus for the concorde was actually to save on fuel costs. The reason the concorde lost out was that it was using inefficient turbojets at the same time that subsonic airliners were adopting the much more efficient turbofans. Turbofans for supersonic flight wouldn't be developed until the 80s. The concorde was woefully less efficient than modern aircraft but this wasn't because it flew supersonically but instead because it used turbojets. Modern aircraft use turbofans which are far more efficient. The concorde was actually designed to save fuel as supercruise is more efficient than transonic flight for a given engine. Unfortunately turbofans for supersonic flight weren't developed until the late 80s, by which point there was little demand for a new SST. Drag is higher, but jet engines are more efficient at higher speeds which compensates for the increased drag. Overall propulsive efficiency is at a minimum at mach 1, above that it starts increasing again. Beyond a certain point (supercruise) you get higher overall propulsive efficiency than at any subsonic point. You're comparing apples and oranges. The concorde used turbojet engines with afterburners. That's 10 to 50x the fuel consumption of a comparable turbofan like the one a modern airliner uses. If you are using 5x the fuel with an engine that should be burning 10x the fuel, you must be using it in a way that is twice as efficient. Again, I'm not saying the concorde is a more efficient vehicle, I'm saying flying supersonically is more efficient than flying subsonically. The concorde was an extremely inneficient plane because it used inneficient engines. Were it to use engines with the same efficiency as modern turbofans, it would be more efficient overall. I'm saying put vehicle A's engine in vehicle B to make some far more efficient vehicle C and it'll only take 5 gallons of fuel to move 4 passengers 500 miles. Ocean liners did cost significantly less than airliners in the beginning. A transatlantic ocean liner ticket in 1950 cost about $1200 in 2020 dollars while a one way flight to europe in 1950 cost around $3000 2020 dollars. Taking a 5 day longer trip to save $1800 is equivalent to getting paid $360 per day. If your salary is less than $90,000 per year, you'd be better off taking the ocean liner. The queen mary 2 is expensive today because it is nothing but a luxury tourist trip. Back in 1950 when there was serious ocean liner travel, an ocean liner ticket was much less than a transatlantic flight. Trains were also substantially cheaper. It is only absurd today to travel long range by ship or by train because people overwhelmingly paid a premium for faster travel to the point that the market for the other methods collapsed. If you study aerospace engineering you derive this in undergrad. Again, the whole reason supersonic transports were pursued in the 60s was to reduce fuel costs, and the attempts were abandoned when turbofans proved a better method of achieving that goal. Even today, when there is essentially no utilitarian travel by ocean liner, a transatlantic crossing in a balcony room on the QM2 is $800. An economy flight from new york to paris on Air France is $849. First class is $9,262. Drag increases proportional to the square of velocity times the density. At higher speeds, you can fly at higher altitudes for a given lift to drag ratio. Higher altitudes -> lower air densities. Drag overall does increase, but at a slower rate than just looking at the velocity alone would suggest. The efficiency of jet engines increases with both altitude and airspeed (which is why subsonic airliners fly as close to the speed of sound as they can get btw). At and slightly above the speed of sound drag dominates, but engine efficiency eventually becomes more important again past Mack 1.6. The important thing to remember here is that at the same time as the concorde was being developed, another technbology, the high bypass turbofan, was also developed. This looks like and is commonly referred to by the layperson as a jet engine, but the two are very different. A Turbofan is 10 to 50 times more efficient than an afterburning turbojet, regardless of speed. The concorde didn't have turbofans, the planes it was competing with did. You slap the concorde's engines onto any other airframe and fly at any other speed, it's still going to burn an order of magnitude more fuel than a turbofan aircraft. Compare the concorde to turbojet powered aircraft it is competitive. The turbojet powered boeing 720 got 16 passenger miles per gallon and the 727 got 10. In that context the concorde's 17 at over twice the speed looks pretty good. > Air pressure difference between FL350 (traditional airliners) and FL600 (Concorde) is about 1/2. But the speed difference was about 2.5x, so overall you would expect Concorde to need to expend about 3.125 times as much energy per flight hour. This is false. First, drag is proportional to air density , not pressure, with density at FL600 being 30% of FL350. Drag is increased by 1.728 times[1], which means thrust required is increased by 1.728 times, but energy required is not linearly proportional to thrust required. As a jet engine moves at higher speeds and through less dense air, it's efficiency increases and therefore the power required to produce a unit of thrust decreases. So even though you need 1.728 times the thrust, you need less that 1.728 times the power. Even if it were the same amount of power, at 2.44 times the speed you are only expending that power for 41% of the time, and thus the energy consumption would be 73%. There are plenty of very valid concerns with regards to the concorde and supersonic transport in general. For starters, you can't simply slap a modern turbofan on there and call it a day, you'd have to sacrifice decades of lessons learned to make high bypass turbofans of the necessary size, so they're still going to be inferior to more refined engines on subsonic aircraft. But the belief that the laws of physics force SSTs to be ridiculous gas guzzlers and no amount of technological refinement can overcome it is misguided at best. [1] This is actually an oversimplification. Drag does not scale perfectly with qV^2 through the transonic and low supersonic regimes. Wave drag dramatically increases drag close to Mach 1 (which as an aside is the source of the term sound barrier). Wave drag becomes less significant past Mach 1.4 though and by the time you get to supercruise qV^2 is once again a good approximation. Again, that's not my argument. I will continue to assume good faith one last time. Drag is proportional to density times velocity squared flying through air with 30% the density at 2.5 times the speed thus produces (.3)x(2.5^2) = 1.875 times the drag. Using 1.875 times the power for 1/2.5 = 0.4 times as long requires (0.4)x(1.875) = 0.75 times as much energy. This is before you consider that jet engines moving at higher speeds and higher altitudes are more fuel efficient. The 737 uses turbofans which are much more efficient than the concorde's turbojets. Trying to compare their fuel consumption is meaningless unless you account for this. If you compare the concorde to a subsonic turbojet of its era, like the 727, the concorde burns significantly less fuel per passenger mile. If you are good at something and the customer doesn't really understand the process then you can make it look easy, and no one wants to spend a lot of money to pay someone to do something easy. But if the customer knows what it actually takes to solve the problem, the real value of having someone else do it is much more evident. Even if you feel like what you do is easy, there are people out there who consider it indistinguishable from magic. The uninformed are impressed by the magic, the informed are impressed by the magician. You can have fireworks go off such that the light from the next one reaches the crowd at the same time as the sound from the first. Tempo can be adjusted by changing the location/altitude where they go off. Then you only notice something off when you transition between fireworks that sound different, and even that can be mitigated by having transitions where one of the old type goes off simultaneously with one of the new type. You can't really adjust it on the fly, but you can break the show into discrete blocks that are synced to pre-recorded music, for example each song, and trigger each block on a cue to make what looks like a smooth continuous show. Treating c1 and c2 as constants seems problematic. Different generations have different populations and access to resources such as education, technology, etc. The unknown knowledge to be discovered varies. The methods of preserving and transmitting knowledge vary. There were certainly cavemen born with Einstein-level intelligence from time to time, but without a foundation to build on, peers to collaborate with, or written language to preserve their knowledge, they would both create and pass on significantly less knowledge than someone in modern times. One generation might lose a large portion of all the knowledge built up for millenia prior during a civilization's collapse; while another generation may stumble upon a discovery which ushers in a short but extremely productive era of knowledge production. If nothing else, if you have 4 billion people in one generation and 8 billion in another then all else being equal the latter generation has twice as many brains with which to store and create knowledge. Conviction rates don't exist in a vacuum though. If you have a 100% conviction rating but have only prosecuted one case, no one is going to care. The real key is to bring extreme charges against large numbers of people and then offer them palatable plea deals. You get a large number of convictions with little effort and the few people who risk going to court aren't going to hurt your conviction rate much even if they win. Just because you can not be absolutely certain doesn't mean it's a coin toss with both options being equally reasonable. If someone wants to stop existing, they have the power to make that happen, while the converse is not true, thus choosing to assume someone wants to exist is safer. The overwhelming majority of people want to exist and the few who don't tend to be in situations where it easily could have been foreseen that life would be problematic; if you've lived a mostly happy life for a few decades, odds are pretty good that your offspring will do the same, thus statistically choosing to bring someone into the world is far more likely to be what they want. But going further, the idea that death negates the benefits of life is absurd. If you read a book and are sad when it ends, that means it was a good book, and you are better off for having experienced it. The ending does not annihilate the story, it completes it. And if the story should have some bad writing in it, that may be undesireable, but all the good writing is still there to be enjoyed. No matter how bad life seems to get, the good moments still happened and they can never be taken away from you. Sure we'd all like to avoid unnecessary suffering and postpone death for as long as possible, but only because we would rather fill that time with the joys of life - if you had to choose between experiencing extreme pain periodically or spending the rest of your life in an inescapable coma, you'd certainly choose the former. Non-existance is not a pleasant alternative to life, it is a fate at least as bad as death, if there is any distinction at all. Making emitting CO2 more expensive leads directly to releasing less CO2 for a given standard of living. If you 10x the cost of coal, that's not going to 10x the cost of electricity, people are just going to switch over to a different energy source. Likewise for large scale industrial processes and transportation. Further, most technologies that reduce CO2 emmissions do so by being more efficient, which reduces long term costs and leads to better productivity. The creation and installation of these replacements creates high paying jobs and stimulates the economy. Incentivising the adoption of these technologies allows them to be produced at larger scales which in turn drops their price, leading to wider scale adoption. Preventing catastrophic climate change of course has its own immense benefits to standards of living. Indeed, a high tax due to a high cost of removing CO2 from the atmosphere creates an enormous incentive for those who can not abandon their polluting methods to invest in the developments of better sequestering technologies. Waiting for the technology to just magically appear as a prerequisite for incentivizing its deployment is dumb. Assuming the fiber optic switches had their ports in the same position, why not just make some tooling to hold the cables in position relative to eachother and turn 600 cables into essentially one 600 pin cable? Or n 600/n pin cables? It's worth noting that Polk was extremely exhausted by his time as president and died 3 months after leaving office. > Identity politics is a term that describes a political approach wherein people of a particular religion, race, social background, class or other identifying factor form exclusive socio-political alliances, moving away from broad-based, coalitional politics to support and follow political movements that share a particular identifying quality with them. Its aim is to support and centre the concerns, agendas, and projects of particular groups, in accord with specific social and political changes. [0] Identity politics is when your politics stem from your identity. Holding opinions that are atypical of people with your background is the cardinal sin of identity politics, as disunity saps your group of its strength. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_politics Clean the connectors while they are in their fixture. This opens up the possibility of cleaning several simultaneously. Making something more precise than a human hand is not particularly difficult. If you don't have the manufacturing capability to do it, there are plenty of job shops out there that can for a reasonable price. If you can make the connections faster, you can run more in series, so you probably don't need 20 sets. Even if you did, making copies of something is cheap compared to the initial development. External hardware can be set up to service multiple stations. Many cables moving together in properly choreographed ways are going to be far more robust than an intern fumbling around. If you're making the tooling such that it is difficult to do routine maintenance, then it's a poor tool design. In general, fussy and fragile things are the best for automation - you're already bending over backwards to deal with it. It's when things are easy for humans, with their amazing ability to adapt to circumstances and immense contextual knowledge, that automation struggles to produce competitive results. I think we're sticking on our interpretations of properties A, B, and C. I and the above poster are using them to refer to views fundamental to the political goals of the identity X. So for example saying "if you don't vote for Biden you're not really Black" is saying if you identify as Black, you must have the property of supporting Biden as presumably he is the best candidate for the Black community. You appear to be using property to refer to other identities. So someone who identifies as both Black and a woman would thus be a black person with with the property of woman. Of course proponents of identity politics want as many people of their identity on their side as possible, regardless of what else they may identify as, but you have to ask what being on their side means. Just saying X should have it better hides an implicit question: what does it mean for X to have it better? Many proponents of identity politics simply assume that everyone of identity X will agree on what they collectively want, but this is to assume they share the same properties A, B, and C which make them want these things. Our civilization, and presumably any other industrial civilization on earth, utilizes huge quantities of steel reinforced concrete. While the structures may only last decades, the material would be recognizably unnatural for hundreds of millions of years. There is no natural process which would produce limestone with veins of high concentration iron ore running through, nonetheless produce it everywhere on earth in a huge variety of conditions. Further, all the deposits of this weird mineral combination would form at the same time, and this period would be a blink of an eye geologically speaking. While there may be theories other than industrial civilization put forward, but it would be obvious to everyone that something incredibly weird happened at the time that civilization existed, and detailed investigation would certainly find other technosignatures once they knew where to look. Unfortunately most of what we know of human psychology is really just what we know of university student psychology. Biological structures are very efficient, having been refined by many millions of years of evolution, but in absolute terms they are not especially strong or hearty. Wood for example is a great building material for many cases, but a wooden beam is never going to compare to a steel girder. While you probably could make most things through some sufficiently convoluted biological manipulation, any high tech civilization would recognize that there are much easier ways to achieve the same goal. Any advanced civilization would inevitably be composed of beings who evolved to be intelligent, and evolution would inevitably favor those who use their intelligence to choose simple and effective solutions to their problems. Any civilization that actually arose naturally would - in broad strokes - look similar to ours because they are governed by the same forces of nature as ours. The only exception would be if for some reason they could not follow our path of technological development. For example if a marine species developed intelligence, they obviously could not easily utilize fire, which in turn would make any advancements in metallurgy nearly impossible. If you can't readily smelt large amounts of steel, of course you can't produce large quantities of reinforced concrete. Under such a circumstance, biological manipulation may be the only way to produce many things we take for granted. However this would require the devlopment of biological manipulation technologies without utilizing those other "conventional" technologies, which very likely isn't possible in practice. No one except the super rich just have a pool of savings that they are going to retire on; for normal people the amount you need to be putting away right now depends on the amount you are going to put away in the future. Let's say you are in your 50s, have a nice upper middle class job that you spent a few decades becoming qualified for. You are putting away a reasonable fraction of your income such that you can live comfortably now and retire in 10 years. Then the economy collapses, you lose this high paying job and there are no comparable positions available. You are unemployed for a few months and then under-employed working retail at target. You still have all the expenses of an upper middle class lifestyle, but with a salary maybe a bit above minimum wage. You can tighten your belt a bit but a lot of those expenses like your mortgage still need to be paid. Selling off investment assets despite the poor market and reducing the amount of money you put away for retirement is likely your only reasonable option to maintain your current standard of living. The stock market rebounded quickly, but people were still underemployed and had burned through a lot of their savings to stay afloat, so they didn't have the funds to buy back into the market, certainly not to the level they were prior to the crisis. Retirement is inherently a measure of savings, anything that makes you eat into savings will push back the earliest date you could have retired. Saying they simply didn't have enough money is like a doctor saying you just aren't immune enough to symptoms: maybe not incorrect but a thoroughly useless diagnosis. “the practice of withdrawing support for (or canceling) public figures and companies after they have done or said something considered objectionable or offensive." Imagine unironically arguing that public figures and companies should be actively supported despite doing objectionable and offensive things. > Imagine not understanding that there may be some disagreement about whether something 'considered objectionable or offensive' is truly objectionable or offensive And this is really the crux of the issue. If I find what you have done to be objectionable or offensive, it shouldn't matter that there is debate about what society at large considers objectionable or offensive, you have lost my personal support. If lots of people also consider it objectionable or offensive, and they all subsequently withdraw their support, that's how things are supposed to work. You don't get to decide what other people get offended by, nor do you get to decide how long it should take them to get offended by it. If my support is valuable to you then you shouldn't do those things which I say offend me for fear of losing my support. If you don't value my support, then you are free to ignore my cancelling of said support. This is what it means to live in a free market of ideas. Let's not pretend that this issue is some complicated and nuanced situation. There have always been weirdos out there who get vocally offended by dumb things - maybe you pissed off a bunch of flat earthers by having a globe in your profile pic - and nobody cared. The reason people are concerned about cancel culture is that they recognize that some of the things they have said or done or plan to do could legitimately be considered objectionable and offensive by a significant number of people, and rather than choosing to address their own behavior they instead choose whine about how unfair it is that people don't unconditionally support them. Imagine you went into a McDonalds and the cashier called you a racial slur. I think it would be perfectly reasonable to tell people that this happened and why it offended you. I think it would be quite reasonable if other people agreed that such behavior was unsupportable. I think it would be perfectly reasonable to request that McDonalds take measures so this sort of thing doesn't happen again. I think it would be perfectly reasonable for others who are also appalled that this happened to do the same. I think it would be quite reasonable to stop frequenting McDonalds if they instead did nothing. I think it would be quite reasonable for McDonalds to make the requested changes for the sake of not losing those paying customers. Now let us consider the reverse. Would it be reasonable to say that you shouldn't tell anyone this happened to you? Would it be reasonable to say no one else should be able to form an opinion on this? Would it be reasonable to forbid you from asking McDonalds for any sort of change to address the issue? Would it be reasonable to force you to continue frequenting that McDonalds if it didn't? Would it be reasonable to forbid McDonalds from firing their employee for a decision they had made which McDonalds considers to be wrong? No, there is no middle ground between forcing people to support things and them being free not to support things; it's a boolean situation. Cancel culture is merely a large number of people deciding to excersize that freedom to not support things. Sure should a situation move beyond people just complaining on twitter - perhaps people start doxxing or inciting violence - then that is unacceptable. But that's not what we are talking about here. If you have the freedom to say what you wish, they have the freedom to denounce you for what you say. If you can't take it, you shouldn't dish it out to begin with. If you say and do things you are proud to say and do, then it is easy to brush off criticism. If a community goes into a purity spiral and deems something I'm proud of to be wrong, they're doing me a favor expelling me as I want no part in it. Again, consider the flat earthers - their criticism means nothing to me because I am proud of supporting science, and I will continue to support science regardless of any consequences. Criticism only stings when it is valid. If you say or do things you're not proud of, and someone calls you out on it, you can't simply ignore it, you have to address it, and that may be uncomfortable if not downright painful. However it is not the fault of the party laying valid criticism that you feel uncomfortable. You did something you are not proud of, and this is merely the consequence of it. If you have a problem with my position, I strongly encourage you to tell my that it's hurt you, tell me why, and suggest how I should behave differently. This goes for both the person I'm replying to and anyone else who might read this. Assuming you're a reasonable person, I do not wish to make you feel uncomfortable, and if I have I would like to change my ways so I won't do it in the future. If you simply assume I'm an asshole and say nothing, then I will have no opportunity to rectify the situation, and I will go on just being, at least in your eyes, an asshole. Now if your objections are dumb, I may very well ignore them and continue being what you view as an asshole, but in that case I will be doing so with pride, and you too can continue to hold your position with pride. A system where everyone expresses their minds and we all bear the consequences of our actions is much better than one where we bite our tongues and hope that everyone else does as well. I got one which was just an anime face (not similar to, an actual professional quality animation) which leads me to believe it's passing through images it trained on (or making extremely minor changes to them). "Well you asked me to paint an authentic Guernica so of course I had to bomb Guernica" If option A is regular blood tests with an endoscopy to confirm should the blood test come back positive and option B is getting endoscopies on a regular basis, option A is a no brainer. While it might not be super invasive, I'd definitely like to keep the number of times a tube has to be shoved down my throat to a minimum. presumably these other things that would cause repeated false positives would be identified over time and could be ruled out with other tests - ie you either have cancer or a serious iron deficiency, let's check if you have an iron deficiency. No, the false positive rate is irrelevant. Let's say you want to check for cancer annually and the blood test has a 50% false positive rate: If you only get endoscopies after positive results, you get an endoscopy every other year. If you skip the test and go straight to the endoscopy, you get one every year. Thus you get half as many tubes shoved down your throat if you get the blood test. For a more reasonable false positive rate like 5%, you would have a 50/50 chance of getting a false positive any given decade. I'd much rather get 4 endoscopies than 40. Indeed, for any false positive rate less than 100% (which isn't really a test to begin with) still on average decreases the number of endoscopies you need. Really the metric that's important is the false negatives: if that's too high then I can't safely forego the endoscopy just because this year's blood test was negative. Even then though, if the blood test has a long lead time then maybe it's safe to wait and see how next year's blood test goes. Pretty light on details. Oh cool we live in a Douglass Adams book. Oh no we live in a Douglass Adams book! Surely if someone is violating a rule 12 times a day you shouldn't need to make separate filings for each instance, right? I would hope something like "Hey we are still waiting on 1178 out of 1195 requests from this quarter" would get a judge's attention. Because a home that uses 11000 kWh/yr doesn't use 1.25 kW. During low power usage times (middle of the night) it uses substantially less, and at peak times it uses substantially more. And even these values will shift with time of year and weather. kWh/yr implies you are averaging energy use over a substantial period of time, whereas kW is ambiguous on its own. MJ/yr would work as well and have a similar order of magnitude, but it doesn't really have any advantage in its favor. Well okay, we can stop exploring space when we dismantle the entire industrialized world. They are referring to hypersonic glide vehicles here. Whereas conventional warheads follow a ballistic trajectory that can be predicted while in transit, hypersonic glide vehicles (HGVs) can at least to a limited extent maneuver. HGVs also tend to fly on a lower trajectory than ballistic warheads, meaning they are more difficult to detect by radar. These two factors make HGVs good at getting past current anti-ballistic missile (ABM) systems like those the US has spent a lot of time and money developing. The farm subsidies started after the great depression when food shortage was a serious possibility and national security was forefront. While the rhetoric has shifted, the real purpose has not. Yes, the US has the geography to produce vast quantities of food, but that's all useless if no one is farming it. Even with subsidies agriculture is neither lucrative nor appealing for the vast majority of individuals. If the few remaining farmers go off and get better jobs, a huge amount of implicit knowledge will be lost and a lot of infrastructure would be left derelict. This might not be a problem in the short term, America is wealthy enough to import food, but should its suppliers ever try to leverage that position then America would not be able to instantly resume producing the food it needs. Every major power heavily subsidizes domestic agriculture for the same reason. It's amazing to me that our civilization could lose record of something like this so quickly. Like imagine if someone just stumbled upon a 30 foot tall nude statue which kinda looks like richard nixon and no one had any idea who made it or how long it had been there. The power a fusion reactor produces is proportional to its plasma's volume, the losses are proportional to the surface area. We've known since the 50s that if you keep making a tokamak bigger, it'll eventually produce net power, but bigger reactors are also much more expensive to build. Thus you want to make the smallest reactor that will actually work, which is easier said than done. Stronger magnets shrink the necessarry reactor whereas plasma instabilities you didn't notice before require it to be larger. With the trend in magnet advances of the late 20th century, it looked like any breakeven reactor was going to be big, which in turn meant it would take a lot of time to build. Work on ITER's design began in 1988 and they designed it to use the magnets they expected to have available in 20 years. However less than 2 years earlier, high temperature superconductors were discovered. An incredible amount of progress has been made in that field in the intervening decades that ITER could never take advantage of. This does not mean ITER is useless; it was always meant to be an intermediate stage before a real demonstration plant was built. At the time, it was imagined that this viable commercial reactor would be truly enormous, but now with the much better magnets perhaps it could be the same size or even smaller than ITER. The lessons learned from ITER, such as how to protect the walls of the reactor, will still apply. While some may suggest that ITER should have been scrapped and a new project started that incorporated high temperature superconductors, the fact is there's always going to be technological progress between a project's start and completion, at some point you just have to build something. There are many proposals out there for smaller reactor concepts which use different approaches. Much of ITER's criticism comes from those who think these small reactors would make extreme progress if they had access to ITER's funding. This belief is unfounded. Tokamaks like ITER are within spitting distance of breakeven, all other concepts are many orders of magnitude away. ITER gets a ton of funding because it has a very good justification for needing that funding, it's a truly massive machine; the only reason to look at small reactors is that they don't need crazy funding to test. Were ITER to lose its funding there's no reason to believe it would be rerouted to these alternative experiments which have not justified that level of investment. Most of these small reactor concepts are not very promising as routes to real power plants. That's not to say they are not worth investigating, there could be crossover and the technology may find other applications. The skunkworks concept seems especially suspect: it goes against all established principles of fusion reactor design, and that it's being done by skunkworks shields it from any rigorous academic scrutiny - though what numbers they have published suggest they've made little more than a toy thus-far. Realistically, only other tokamaks and maybe stellerators have a serious shot at beating the ITER development line to producing a viable powerplant baring some unforeseen paradigm shift, which is always a possibility but never a good horse to bet on. It is worth noting that ITER has had some serious delays and cost overruns. This has been true of most large scale international science collaborations of the era such as the ISS and the LHC. While I certainly wouldn't complain if the process was more efficient, the fact remains that real progress is being made. Newton, why do you want to name this the 6th dimensional electron-graviton interference coefficient? Just call it G for gravity! In private conversation, you have a chance to clarify what you mean and some knowledge of your audience to anticipate how they will understand what you say. Online, your brief statement will be taken in isolation and interpreted by potentially thousands of different people with different perspectives. Have you noticed how there are no polite but political disagreements on national television? Talking heads either say things so uncontroversial that no one could complain, or they get into a fight with another talking head. This is not a coincidence. You might think your view is polite and reasonable, but there are plenty of people out there who would consider it overtly racist or otherwise bigoted. You phrase this as if there was some secretive cabal actively trying to destroy Terry Crews when really there's just a small number of random people pissed off about a racial slur. At the interview stage, the candidate has been looking at your use case for at most a couple of hours with very little context. Assuming you've done any work on X and that you are competent, X is probably a good choice or at least there's good reason to believe it is a good choice. It might be nice if the candidate asks why you chose X over Y, but they shouldn't seriously propose that you should switch over to Y. Best case scenario they're assuming their little glimpse gives them a deeper understanding of the problem than you, which suggests they're cocky, worst case they may be deliberately selling you on a potentially worse solution that they just happen to be more comfortable with, ie they're inflexible. A good developer should wait until they know what they are talking about before they form an opinion on what would be the right tool for the job. If you want to spend $700 to go to prison for a while so you don't crash your car, I don't think there should be a law against it. We produce way more food than the world needs, but where do we produce it? A 10 lb bag of rice may be very cheap to produce, but getting it to a remote village in the middle of a warzone is expensive. Even if the food is grown locally, if it costs 50 cents per piece of fruit to ship them to America where they'll sell for $2 each, that's still dramatically more lucrative than selling them locally for $1 each, which might be a day's wage. Even if you're producing food locally and people can afford to buy it, that could all change if social or political instability wreaks havoc on the local infrastructure and economy. Unfortunately, even in giving food aid to those who can't feed themselves for the prior reasons, you have now destroyed the market for local food production which justifies investment in the infrastructure that will keep them from starving should the aid ever dry up. Best case scenario, the farms exist but grow cash crops instead of food staples; worst case scenario the region loses the experience and the means to grow its own food and is rendered permanently dependent on aid. World hunger is a symptom of global poverty and underdevelopment, and reducing food waste won't fix those problems, it can even exacerbate them. Real progress will require systemic and complicated changes. > For example, consider a regulation that standardizes a "social contacts list" and requires that ecosystems in which a use can maintain a list of contacts must be capable of import/export in this standard format. So now every social network must be similar enough to facebook that facebook can import its social contacts lists (and thus must beat facebook at its own game) or so different that it doesn't even have social contacts lists (and thus isn't competing with facebook at all). This sort of regulation may hadicap a dominant player in the field, but it also handicaps everyone else, and the dominant player is best positioned to play with a handicap. Things only get more problematic if lobbyists from the dominant player get the regulations made in such a way that the handicap for everyone else is worse. You can only regulate what already exists, so regulations by their nature will always enshrine the status quo. Breaking up monopolies and preventing mergers which significantly reduce competition is much more reasonable than prescriptive regulation in cases where innovations in technologies and business practices can reasonably be expected. That a regulation which promotes competition could be made has not been definitively ruled out, but it has yet to be demonstrated. Clearly despite a regulation being well reasoned and good intentioned, it may nevertheless produce the opposite effect. Identifying the issues with such a regulation prior to its passage may be quite difficult, even before we consider the financial incentive to deliberately craft and promote a deceptive regulation. On top of this, there is still the fact that regulations can not accurately anticipate future innovation and thus it is purely left to chance that a regulation which promotes competition right now will continue to do so in the future. If we had a history of strong independent regulatory bodies who consistently updated regulations as new data emerged and dropped regulations which were found to do more harm than good, I might agree that we should strive for those hypothetical good regulations, but alas we can be quite confident that a regulation which stifles competition (whether intentionally or not) will stay on the books for years if not decades. I'd love to be convinced otherwise but I see no reason to believe regulating innovative industries like tech is likely to be a good idea. > why are we producing food in excess Because increased supply is always more efficient. If you want one coconut, growing a coconut tree from scratch is an expensive and time consuming affair. If you want 1 million coconuts, suddenly the infrastructure for growing coconuts is economical. The absolute expense is higher, but the marginal expense is much lower. Food insecurity in developed countries like the US doesn't mean that there is no food available and you're starving to death. Most food insecurity is people who can't easily get nutritious food that will last in socially acceptable ways. You can hand out the food that a grocery store was going to throw away - food a bit past their shelf life or which has some defect - but this would still count as them being food insecure. Only about 20% of the very food insecure (which is 5.7% of Americans) actually report going a single day without eating. Again we have situations of logistics problems. If people in an rural rustbelt town are eating cheap junk food because they need to save money to make their mortgage payments, it doesn't do them much good if a grocery store 2 hours away leaves food on the shelf an extra two days. Getting food to the people who need it at a pricepoint they can afford without causing other quality of life problems is the issue. If you deal with the poverty, none of these people are going to have any problem getting a meal. It is a regulation, but not a prescriptive one. Separating instagram from facebook doesn't, on its own, limit what either site can do, but it limits how much power is concentrated in a single executive board. More importantly, monopolies are incentivized to stay in the public's good graces to avoid being broken up if the threat has teeth. Consider AT&T in the mid 20th century: for fear of getting broken up they generated tons of research at bell labs and allowed others to pursue every technology that wasn't narrowly related to providing telephone service. This arrangement produced a slew of inventions such as the solid state transistor. This came to a halt when AT&T was broken up. Since anti-trust laws were gutted in the 80s and 90s, the telecom monopolies have reformed, but this "keep the people happy so they don't break us up" mentality has not returned with it because there's no serious chance that they will be. Such regulation, and the threat of regulation, does not promote competition, rather it mitigates the negative effects of the lack of competition. And frankly this whole thing is something of a sideshow. Yes Facebook and Google and these tech giants are monopolies, but if any of them actually go off the deepend its not too hard to switch to an alternative, and the services they provide are hardly life or death, and they don't even stifle innovation much. Indeed many of them have taken the AT&T route and started labs which produce useful opensource developments. If you look at pharmaceuticals, banking, insurance, retail, air-travel, telecommunications, and so forth you'll find gross anti-competitive behavior which holds society back and can cause terrible problems for people. I would argue that most of these issues are a direct result of regulatory capture, but even if you do believe regulation to do more good than harm it should be focused here first. It would be farcical if facebook were to be prescribed how they format their friend data while a pharmaceutical giant gets carte blanche to charge whatever they want for a coronavirus vaccine. I don't know how you think producing less food will get more of it on peoples tables. You can argue that overproduction has other problems, certainly the environmental issues are valid, but it is undeniable that producing excessive quantities of food reduces the price. As for why we would produce more than we need, we like options. Maybe I want a salad tonight, maybe a steak, maybe a sandwich. In buying excess, I have all options open to me and I'll simply throw out whatever I don't choose. If that wasted food could magically teleport into the hands of a starving person, then it would be stupid to let it go to waste. But in reality, if I don't buy it then it will just get thrown out by the grocery store, and if they don't buy it then it won't be grown. Yes it costs resources to grow and transport this excess food, but that's what I'm paying for when I buy it. If the farmer isn't using the money I'm ultimately paying him to replenish the local aquifer, it doesn't matter whether the food he produces gets eaten or buried or turned into weird sex toys. As for food insecurity being high in developed nations, when you look at how people actually live and how food insecurity is defined, it makes perfect sense. To not be food insecure, you need to buy (not be given) nutritious, high quality (ie more expensive) food. You can survive, however, without paying for nutritious high quality food. A 30 dollar bag of rice will feed an adult for a month; it might not be pleasant but it will suffice. A regular, food secure diet might cost 10 times that much. It's a luxury most of us can afford, but it's still a luxury. Now consider the costs most people have: rent, transportation, healthcare, food. If you have an unexpected expense, you can't pay less rent, or pay less transportation, or stop taking your necessary medication. On the other hand you have a lot of control over the amount you spend on food. If you need 200 extra bucks, eating peanut butter sandwiches for a few days doesn't seem that bad. Most people aren't food insecure for long periods of time, but briefly tighten their belts (literally) during rough patches. If you want people to not be food insecure, you need to solve the problem of them needing more money to get by, which means either getting them more excess income (getting them out of poverty) or reducing unexpected expenses (more social welfare). But unless you make high quality, nutritious food as cheap as low quality food, there will always be some people who forego the luxury. Hunger is a real issue, overproduction might be an issue, but solving one has no effect on the other. At the end of the day, we must remember that just because we can believe something to be true is not actually evidence in support of it being true. Even the most mundane of claims should not be taken on faith alone. We may not verify everything, but we shouldn't repeat or make serious decisions based on claims for which we have not seen compelling evidence, no matter how believable the may seem. Typical Forbes ridiculousness. While yes if you are bad at doing your own research it can lead you to make the wrong decisions, and some decisions you really don't want to get wrong, telling people not to learn about things and verify claims is beyond absurd. If institutions like Forbes put in the effort to write quality pieces which used verifiable evidence and sound logic to distinguish themselves from the absurd claims of fake news, there would be no issue. Trust no one, especially those asking you to trust blindly. No one was ever going to win a Pulitzer for "yet another climate scientists agrees with widely accepted consensus." I do believe journalistic standards have fallen in recent times, but their job has always been to update us on new and surprising developments, not provide all the information a person would ever need. Climate change, just as an example, is a complicated process and the science behind it can not be accurately conveyed in a 30 second snippet by a layman. A responsible citizen should be able and willing to go out and acquire the background information they need to make an informed opinion, and in this day and age that information is probably only a few clicks away. I think "Climate change is a hoax" - Exxon consultant with a phD in communications is a lot more useful than "Climate change is a hoax" - Professor that the media doesn't want you to hear from If you include disingenuous views, you can counter them, and present your evidence for why you believe them to be disingenuous. If you ignore them, they will simply take their spiel to the next news outlet until one of them gives them a platform. Science journals review articles based on the quality of their methods, not their accuracy. If I do an experiment and find neutrinos moving faster than light, it's almost certainly incorrect, but if none of the reviewers can find an actual issue with the methods, it's still very much publishable. They can't stop something from being published just because they don't like what its saying. How many robots could you send with the same budget (both financial and mass) required for a human mission? If a rover can do 5 days worth of human science over its liftetime, and a human mission would take 100 Billion over the course of the program to send 100 tons (approximately the cost and weight delivered to the lunar surface of the apollo program) then you could do 500 days of science, which is approximately what the human mission would be capable of. That's with less risk to human life and much more flexibility. Lots of places have restrictions on how you can say something, but still give wide berth to what ideas you can say. Just because I'm not free to express my distaste for The Last Airbender by punching M. Night Shyamalan does not mean I am not free to voice that opinion. Science journals can require your speech to be in a certain form, namely it must be science, but you are not barred from publishing anything because of what you are saying. While some institutions, like the US Federal Government, might be held to higher standards, this is what most people are referring to when talking about freedom of speech on a platform. Yeah, imagine if you were a biologist who writes their papers in english and someone expected you to do a little meteorology because they're both natural science and english is a commonly used language in both disciplines. It's the classic innovation implosion: Prior to video streaming progressing to a viable point, there was no reason for anyone in the industry to have the skills to work with it. Netflix comes along with a business model of providing these services to the industry by hosting their content on its platform There is massive success, everyone is making lots of money doing what they are good at The industry, lacking the skills to recognize the value netflix provided them in technical skill, tries to get a larger cut of the pie because "how hard could it be?" Very hard. The competition leads to cannibalization of the market and the industry has a lot of catch up to do just to get to Netflix's level. Meanwhile the carpet being pulled out from under netflix allows other, actually technically competent, competitors to pick up real gains. Where before the industry were the customers of the streaming partners, now they are competitors. Both are out of their comfort zone, but there is a lot more free-floating talent from the long term industry than the new niche technology, so the streaming platforms can become content producers faster than the reverse. Repeated botched attempts at competition with the streaming services drains the industry of both capital and morale. Acquisitions happen at an accelerated rate as small companies run out of steam and larger ones need to demonstrate something that looks like success to investors. Innovative but risky projects get axed as the call to cut costs grows and the heads of their benefactors roll. Seemingly safe projects repeating what worked in the past are the only ones that survive long enough to produce results, but their failure to make up for the losses continues the downward spiral of morale. A few players are large enough to shield a division from the worst of it, and they can develop a viable competitor. Others luck out on a convenient merger that actually gets them the resources they need. These become players alongside the newcoming streaming services, but their positions are much reduced in stature. For the bulk of the industry though, there is no recovery - those who can jump ship do, and those who can't re-prioritize to stay afloat just long enough to retire. It happened with the rail companies, it happened with cameras, its happening with traditional media. It's much easier for a competitor to destroy your empire than it is for you to seize theirs intact. The software competence may be a commodity at this point, but there's a lot more to streaming than that. The botched launch of HBO Max is merely the latest in a string of poor performances by the classic industry. Sure they can get a video to the end user, but that's useless if no one wants to watch it. Netflix has been collecting detailed information on how people select what they want to watch for a decade. Their recommendation algorithms may seem impenetrable, but they obviously work on some level. They are refined enough that they can optimize the content they produce for consumption by streaming - they consistently have a show release every month which no one can really explain why they just have to watch but nevertheless millions of people do. No company has produced a better streaming UI than netflix and most are just straight up copies. There were no technical hurdles preventing Kodak from creating a competitive digital camera, nor for IBM to keep making competitive personal computers. These giants faltered because they thought the technical problems were all they had to deal with, and did not recognize the non-technical changes they would need to make to stay competitive. Some of the old studios will figure out that the streaming content market is neither about the streaming nor the content; they will adapt and even thrive. Most though are making horrible strategic blunders, and by the time they learn what they should have done it will be too late to recover. None will be as successful as if they had just stuck with netflix, made it the one and only must have streaming service, and maintained their oligopoly on content creation while cashing fat licensing checks. There are only a few thousand options on the streaming network, you are correct in pointing out that picking a few recommendations for the user from this list is not differentiating. For picking what content should be created and added to the streaming network, there are infinite possibilities. Selecting correctly there is very difficult to do reliably. We've all watched movies that made us ask "what the hell were the producers thinking?" Even experienced professionals can do little more than guess what audiences are looking for. When you wonder why a weak movie has 7 sequels, it's because re-using what worked in the past is a very simple risk reduction heuristic that humans are good at applying. With little to go off of beyond past ticket sales, a few test screenings, and personal anecdote, there's little a human can do to improve upon this. You get the occasional genius who has some fundamental understanding of what people like and they regularly make hits, but these people are few and far between, and still they are generally limited to a handful of genres they understand and enjoy enough to work with. If you had pitched to me an idea for a documentary about a gay redneck roadside zookeeping convicted felon, I would find the idea that any significant amount of people would watch it laughable. No sane person would think of giving this top billing. But Netflix's algorithm spit out that for some arcane reason this would be a hit, and alas now everyone and their mother has watched Tiger King. Such is the power of analyzing tens of billions of viewing experiences in exceptional detail. Moving beyond this, there is a widely held belief that the key to a strong streaming service is having the best content. Certainly if you are choosing between two movies at the theater you're going to watch the one you think you'll like more. Ditto for if you're flipping through the channels to see which show you want to watch. But streaming isn't the same as going to the movies or flipping through the channels. In those circumstances you have to choose the best of a small number of options that are offered right now; with streaming you watch what you want when you want. This leads to fundamentally different viewing habits. People will binge a season of TV in a weekend, or throw on a movie they've seen 15 times to have on in the background, or will watch a new movie every night for a month, and so forth. Further, the economics of streaming are different. Movies are about getting as many people as possible to pay the price of admission, television is about getting as many people as possible to watch ads, streaming is about maximizing subscription-months. It doesn't matter if 99.9% of a service's offering is crap, if they have 12 releases a year that you want to watch, and they space them out appropriately, you'll remain subscribed. On the other hand, a much anticipated blockbuster that has something for everyone but doesn't have much re-watch value isn't going to get anyone past the free trial period. Success in streaming is all about having the right combination of content being released on the right schedule so that as few users as possible go more than a few weeks without wanting to utilize the platform. When you have millions of users, this is an incredibly difficult instance of combinatorial optimization. This is why, for example, Amazon entered the space and succeeded with ease despite no experience with content creation: online streaming is not a content game, it's a big data game. Ultimately, all such innovation implosions are a result of a mismatch between the technical challenges perceived by those looking to get into a market and the real technical challenges that actually face those in the market. The old institutions definitely have the resources necessary to reach technical parity, but they squander those resources solving the problems they think are important, not the ones that actually are. At the end of the day, you don't really know what it takes to win until you've won, and even then you may have just gotten lucky somewhere along the way. Success requires the humility to question the validity of our experience. If you expect to have the money at a future date and you can secure a low interest rate, it makes much more sense to fund operating expenses with debt than lowering future returns. Certainly for the past decade a large institutional investor with significant assets like a university would have no issue securing an extremely low interest rate. After medicine, education is the most labor intensive industry. Both are very high for the same reason. Whereas in most industries improving technology allows the same number of people to be more productive, or the same amount of productivity to be achieved with fewer people, in med/ed people are specifically paying to keep the labor efficiency as low as possible. When people pay extra to go to a school with a student-faculty ratio of 12 instead of 15, the labor cost is going up by about 20% (you need both more faculty and more support staff for those faculty). Does a 20% reduction in the number of people in a classroom allow the teacher to produce a 20% better education in the remaining students? Probably not. Especially for large intro lectures where there is little meaningful interaction between an individual student and the faculty and the lectures are generally recorded already (even pre-covid), you could easily distribute the costs over thousands of students instead of dozens without lowering quality. While the value of small class sizes would be critically evaluated if people were paying for them on the spot and out of pocket, subsidized debt financing allows for the price to grow quickly - a person with no money who can take out a 100k student loan can now afford to go to a 25k school, and the person who could afford that 25k school can now afford to go to a 50k school, and suddenly the person with no money needs 200k to get the same education. The same happens with medicine and real estate and any other market where conventional wisdom is that you should get as much as you can afford and what you can afford is not limited by the amount of money you actually have. Once people stop viewing class size or tuition price as useful proxies for education quality, the rapid tuition price inflation will stop and the labor costs will go down dramatically. If Zoom had an outage in early april, that would be legitimate. However it's been 5 months since schools first closed, and we've known for most of that time that this would be a long term issue. Do you really want the person who can't figure out two meeting programs over the course of several months to be responsible for your kid's education? I find the author's dismissal of animal culture as absurd. Learned behavior is incredibly common throughout the animal kingdom with many species having complicated social structures. The author contrasts these with human culture by saying that human culture varies between populations and changes over time, but this ignores the immense anthropocentric bias. Humans are extremely numerous and widespread compared to most large vertebrates - there are 7 million humans for every gorilla in the wild, as an example - and spread out around the world. Certainly if there were only 1000 humans on earth all located in a small area, there would be significantly fewer distinct cultures. It is undeniable that human cultural norms shift over the years because millions of accounts of how culture used to be survive to be compared to; when the study of animal cognition is only a few decades old how can we possibly claim with confidence that macaques behaved the same centuries or millenia ago, especially given that we have documented how their societies are changing in response to human activity in modern times. The author claims that human gender roles are different because we have cultural norms and animals don't - despite plenty of observations of animal groups punishing members who do not behave according to the typical pattern. The difficulty in determining which human behaviors are biological and which are cultural is noted to be difficult if not impossible because of the lack of a control group unaffected by any culture; but where are the control groups for every other species which allows us to make such observations? The author states that we can safely infer that all sex-specific animal behaviors are due to innate biological differences; I would think a professor would have the self-awareness to recognize that is exactly the same assumption they are writing this article to specifically complain about. This is a philosophy professor who teaches political science, not a biologist. Her only cited references relating to animal behavior in the article are those showing complex behaviors being passed down between generations and animals adopting and sharing new learned behaviors. I very much hope that the author's statement on the universal acceptance of the idea that animals do not have culture among gender theorists is similarly incorrect. Plutarch tells the story of a roman quaestor who, at age 31 came upon a statue of Alexander the Great and wept, for at the same age Alexander had forged an empire while he had accomplished nothing. That quaestor was Julius Caesar. If jobs with a similar title, description, and other requirements require a degree, and the people you hire all happen to have degrees, it's pretty obvious that you're using it as a criteria. While like other discrimination cases it may be difficult to prove in any one instance and thus small businesses who don't individually hire a statistically significant number of people might get away with it, large employers can still be held accountable. The real issue is that we shouldn't just trust any news source. It doesn't matter how many times I've correctly told you that fire is hot, you should still be skeptical when I tell you this fire is not. It's becoming rarer and rarer nowadays but you still come across pieces of real investigative journalism where claims are backed up by evidence. For example, a great piece of reporting from the Atlantic sometime a year or two ago was on truck drivers being abused by their employer. Of course it had plenty of anonymous interviews with some of the victims, but they went beyond that. One of the claims was that the employer was changing the log of when trucks were returning at night, so the authors sat outside and recorded when the trucks were actually arriving for a few nights and compared it with the employer's statement. They included their data in an excel sheet. Could they have filled that sheet with fictional data? Sure, but no one ever published the data from their own stakeout which contradicted it. When journalists include verifiable evidence in their stories, it takes their reporting to another level where you no longer rely on their trustworthiness and everything that doesn't looks like a tabloid in comparison. Rather than maintain those high journalistic standards, many traditional media organizations have rested on their laurels and relied on their reputation to distinguish them from their competitors whose reporting is otherwise indistinguishable. Calling their competitors fake news is just an extreme form of competing on brand awareness instead of quality. Now obviously in the modern world with instantaneous communication a lot of stories are going to break before someone has had the time to thoroughly dot all the i's and cross all the t's - that a rumor exists is newsworthy regardless of whether the rumor is true, and the full details of many stories will not become clear until months or years after the fact. If the white house claims there are WMDs in Iraq, the NYT should tell us that the white house is claiming that. The difference between a good source and a bad one is that a good source will publish the evidence they were shown or include prominently that the white house made those claims despite offering no evidence. Trust no one, especially those asking for blind trust. 875,000 people spread all around the world isn't a lot. The grocery stores in a city of 100,000 people aren't going to raise their prices because the 50 people who work in the local amazon fulfillment center have moved into the upper middle class. Maybe you'd see a slight rise in property values near major Amazon facilities, but in few other cases do amazon employees make up a significant portion of total demand. So either the NYT knew that the NSA was using secret codes on printer pages to track people and sat on this information, or the NYT had no idea about that security measure and is criticizing a fellow journalism institution for having the same lack of information. This is a shitty and unprofessional article that the NYT should be ashamed to have published. That the dots existed was public knowledge. That the NSA had the means to recover them from a document that had been scanned and faxed and reprinted was not. The NYT is criticizing the Intercept for verifying its documents and showing them to the public. That's exactly what journalists are supposed to do, and something that the NYT regularly doesn't. Trying to justify it by raising concerns about security of the sources is bogus: the purpose of journalism is to inform the public, and sources risk everything to that end. At best, overzealously withholding information from the public is an insult to the source's sacrifice; in many cases it simply hides questionable evidence from reasonable criticism. The NYT is guilty of this in this very article. What is the event here? The Reality Winner story happened 3 years ago and was picked apart thoroughly at the time. The event right now is that the NYT claims to have acquired secret documents, but since they are not sharing those documents, nor the testimony of anyone willing to go on record verifying the documents, that doesn't rise to the level of newsworthy. I'm not going to claim that The Intercept made no mistakes ever. The fact that they took on Winner's legal defense bills are a clear sign they took responsibility for those mistakes and did what they could to make them right. I would think an institution which reported that there were WMDs in Iraq, leading directly to a war that killed hundreds of thousands, ruined the lives of millions more, cost trillions of dollars, and whose full ramifications have still not been felt, issued nothing more than a belayed mea culpa, and profited handsomely reporting on the chaos they helped cause would be more hesitant about dredging up the past mistakes of news organizations. Indeed, awarding lots of smaller contracts instead of a few big ones would seem to be a good way to ensure more people get a piece of the pie. Given that a warplane has not been developed so quickly since WW2, part of me wonders if there has recently been some development which has given the air force a wartime sense of urgency. While it seems unlikely that we wouldn't hear anything about such a development, it also seemed unlikely that we wouldn't hear about a project like this. If there's cabin decompression and people need to put on oxygen masks quickly to avoid passing out, that tent is going to be a significant hindrance. While it probably won't kill anyone other than him, that's still a major liability for the airline. Just like not wearing your seatbelt is unlikely to harm anyone else but the airlines can still require it, the airlines can force people to limit things which would interfere with their own safety while in the airline's care. Keeping things clean costs pennies and even if the reduction in the odds of transmitting covid aren't very high, it certainly helps with lots of other diseases, and for the vast majority of us avoiding the common cold or the flu is just as valuable as avoiding covid. A new ventilation system for a plane is many orders of magnitude more expensive and the amount of benefit it would provide is still questionable. Reallocating such a measly sum to other areas is very unlikely to make a measurable difference. Infinitesimal costs can be justified by even very minor benefit. How long does it take a team to wipe down a plane? 6 people 20 minutes maybe? That's $14.50 at federal minimum wage. There are 16 million flights per year when there isn't a pandemic reducing air travel, over 6 months that would be about 8 million. That would be 115 Million in labor for the worst case scenario max. There are about 30,000 airliners in the world, so the ventilation systems would have to cost $3800 or less to be cheaper than minimum wage labor. Realistically, such a ventilation system for an airliner is probably going to be more like $50,000; which would mean the units wouldn't break even until 2026. 8 million people live in NYC, and between them and visitors from the surrounding metropolitan area a comparable number of people utilize the public transit system regularly. $500M/yr is 17 cents per person per day. I can think of less useful things I would pay 17 cents for. Fine, by that metric, the ventillation would have to be 12 times more effective than wiping down to have the same cost/benefit ratio. So if the wiping is 8.4% or more effective than it will always be the cheaper alternative; and even if wiping is less effective than that, odds are the ventilation system is going to be far less than 100% effective. And again, wiping surfaces does more than fight covid. The flu, the common cold, and countless more diseases are very effectively countered by washing down surfaces. If you make federal minimum wage and you miss work for 2 days because of the flu, that's $120 in lost earnings. The average person flying probably makes significantly more than that. Even if wiping down your seat only reduces the odds of getting the flu by 0.15% you're still coming out ahead at minimum wage; if you make $100k/yr it need only be 0.02% effective. Also it's worth noting that contact with contaminated surfaces is still believed to be a major means of transmission of the disease. It is airborne transmission of covid which is still being debated though there seems to be mounting evidence in support of it as an additional transmission pathway. Remember though that tax revenue is actually dominated by the little guy. There are some super rich tax evaders who can hide many millions from the IRS, but they are few in number and it will cost millions to recover that money after going through all the obstacles such rich people can afford to put in place. On the other hand, imagine 100 million people all under-reporting $1200 - that's $120 Billion Dollars, or about 6 NASAs. If you actually had to go after everyone, that would be extremely expensive, but if you go after just a small percentage of people, the rest will be scared into properly reporting their income. We all know one or two people who have run into serious trouble with the IRS: enough that we are familiar with the consequences but not enough that it seems like a common and socially acceptable strategy. This is by design. With the very wealthy, this strategy doesn't really work. Just because you manage to get one bank in switzerland to hand over some data doesn't mean my bank in the caimans is going to do the same. Even if the IRS were to catch up to me, I can afford to wait to cross that bridge when I come to it. You can take billions from certain people and they will still have net worths greater than some nation states - those who can afford to lose can afford to play the game. It's also worth noting that the tax code has plenty of loopholes that wealthy people and corporations can use to legitimately reduce their tax burden. IRS recovery isn't going to be able to do anything about that. If you have billions of dollars, you can afford an accountant who will make sure there's nothing for the IRS to go after. Really changing the funding of the IRS is irrelevant - were we to simplify the tax code to eliminate loopholes and make it easier for people who can't afford armies of accountants to properly pay their taxes we could both collect more money and spend less on recovery. It may be impossible to get congress to actually do that, but anyone talking about playing around with the IRS's funding is just trying to look like they're addressing a problem they really have no intention of solving. The 98% of people paying 61.5% (a significant majority) of income taxes are all the little guy. Even a decent percentage of the 99th percentile would also be the little guy. The "super rich" capable of hiding millions from the IRS are an extremely tiny portion of the population. > Tax lawyers and accountants suggest an answer: Romney may have made use of an Internal Revenue Service loophole that allows investors to undervalue interests in investment partnerships when first putting them into an IRA. These assets can produce returns far in excess of those that could be generated from other investments made at the capped level. > An investor could even set an initial value for a partnership interest at zero dollars, because under tax regulations an interest in a partnership represents future income, not current value, said Chris Sanchirico, co-director of the Center for Tax Law and Policy at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. > Whether Romney used this technique, which is legal, when he put partnership interests into his IRA is a question that won’t likely be answered when he discloses his 2010 tax returns on Tuesday. [0] https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-campaign-romney-ira/h... And if existing farms become less productive, you need more land and more capital investment to start a farm. When GP talks about more labor being needed for food production, these are not more farmers, these are more field hands and laborers. Farms take up massive areas so farmers can not live in cities. Natural resources like minerals are unlikely to be located close to major population centers, so miners can not live in cities. Between population centers there must be people maintaining the transportation infrastructure, these can not live in cities. All of these people who can't live in population centers need various services, the providers of which also can't live in cities. The people in rural areas are overwhelmingly there because they need to be. People want to live in urban areas, it's a real problem that people leave rural areas despite the need for their services, and thus the rural communities are no longer capable of providing good quality of life, leading to even more people leaving until only those who can't escape remain. If the communities providing resources to the cities collapse, what happens to the cities? > We converted away from it, so naturally we were doing something right or we wouldn't have Western Civilization. Medieval farms were incredibly sustainable from an ecological perspective, often integrating with natural processes wherever possible. We once had a much more integrative approach (for lack of technology) and moved away from it (due to labor constraints and improving technology). Medieval and earlier farms were horrifically unproductive and unsustainable. Land had to lie fallow for nutrients to be replenished, and even when there were actually plants growing, output was low. In an average year, a medieval european farm could expect to produce between 7 and 15 bushels per acre, and as little as 4 in a bad year. Compare this to a modern farm that can produce 60 bushels per acre. Medieval farms would harvest about 4 seeds per seed planted on average, a bad harvest may not leave enough to plant for the next year, modern farms on the other hand reap 30 to 40 seeds per seed planted. Europe's population remained stagnant for 1000 years as any increase in food production would lead to a reduction in grazing area, which in turn meant less manure was produced and lands could not be sufficiently fertilized. Famines were frequent and severe. Medieval agriculture wasn't sustainable, it was inescapable. Only the crisis of the late middle ages and the ensuing deaths of millions forced systemic changes which allowed europe to break out of its vicious cycle and lead to real quality of life improvements. Just because something is better than what came before does not mean it is perfect, and it's worth considering other ideas. But pre-industrial agriculture was terrible, and anyone romanticizing it either has no idea what they are talking about or is actively trying to deceive you. You misunderstand the analogy. An airplane could be very heavy because it is a very large aircraft with a lot of payload capacity - that would be good. An aircraft could also be very heavy because it is inefficiently built and thus have very little payload capacity. Similarly an aircraft could be light because it is small, but still be inefficiently built, or the reverse. Bill Gates is complaining about evaluating an aircraft by its weight because its weight doesn't on its own tell you about any of the stuff you really care about with an airplane. Likewise, code could be many lines because it is well formatted and robust. Alternatively it could be long because there's a lot of repetition and bloat. It could be short because it is very targeted to what it needs to be, or it could be very short because the developer used a lot of unreadable code-golf tricks. In any complex system, you have optimization problems. Very rarely is the answer to an optimization problem simply to minimize an isolated variable. You can not say a lighter airplane is better than a heavier one without asking why it's lighter; likewise a smaller codebase with fewer lines can not be called better unless you know why it is smaller. Just because a plane could get off the ground without something does not mean that cutting that thing to save weight will move the plane closer to its optimal design. Likewise just because the code base could be reduced does not mean that actually makes it more maintainable and better performing. Under the 1033 program, police departments pay for shipment and storage of the materials they request, but they do not pay for the equipment itself. While the military may purchase more equipment then it actually needs to lower per unit price, the acquisitions as a whole are not made any cheaper and the weapons developers make no more profit. In fact, given that this material is specifically diverted from what would be sold as surplus, the military would have more money to purchase weapons with if it didn't give these supplies to police forces. It's also worth noting that, while military vehicles like MRAPs are very visible, most of the requested property is more mundane: bulk ammunition is the most requested category, followed by office supplies. It's pretty obviously just a way for the federal government to subsidize domestic police forces with money nominally intended for the defense budget. Again though, selling the old equipment as surplus or just scrapping it achieves the same goal but also brings in some money. > I mean, it's just how our eye+brain work That's what optical illusions are I don't think anyone is doubting that increased efficiency and better technology is going to be a bad thing in the long run. The main concern seems to be people not wanting to spend the money upfront to invest in this. And it's not just the climate - we're burning money repairing obsolete infrastructure because 30 years ago no one wanted to pay for proper updates. If it doesn't pay off before the next election, it's a non-starter. The simplest explanation that adequately explains the observation tends to be correct. There's really no need for any conspiracy here, support for "law and order" has been a winning political strategy for decades. Meanwhile, getting the department of defense to increase the number of MRAPs they order by a fraction of a percent seems like it could be achieved in other, easier ways. It's good to be skeptical, but at some point you need evidence. You are talking about a group of powerful politicians crafting legislation with a secret ulterior motive to transfer money to an unknown entity or entities in the military industrial complex. That's a pretty textbook conspiracy. If you dig into the line items I'm sure there will be some compromises to get the maximum number of votes, but that's a far cry from an elaborate scheme to line the pockets of the military industrial complex. It's not hard to imagine this bill passing on its own merits without heavy lobbying. No one in the 90s was going to want to be painted as anti-cop, pro-drug, pro-terrorist, and/or pro-government waste. Even if we now see the terrible consequences of police militarization, and many still don't, that's hindsight. At the height of the war on drugs, as children who grew up hearing about serial killers in the 70s were now worrying about their own young kids, taking the weapons that had been lying in warehouses since Nam and putting them to good use protecting the streets here at home had wide bipartisan support. It costs very little, makes people feel safe, and makes a lot of politicians look good. Again it is good to question the official narrative, but your hypothesis needs to be falsifiable. You will always be able to go a layer deeper and say "oh well they did it this way to make it harder to see their real motive" but without evidence there is no reason to continue going down that rabbit hole. Most 1033 materials are simple things like ammunition and office supplies, which wouldn't have any maintenance contracts. I'm sure if a police department got an APC they'd want it to be maintained, and I highly doubt you can just take an APC down to the local mechanic, but to my knowledge there's nothing in the 1033 program that forces them to continue a maintenance contract. Look up ultrasonic aging if you want to learn more about this technology - basically when you age a spirit, compounds from the aging barrel slowly migrate into it; but if you shake the whole thing at high frequency this process happens dramatically faster. It doesn't even require especially impressive equipment: you can achieve pretty good results with a low end ultrasonic jewelry cleaner. The internet itself is the public square. There is an immense amount of publicly owned space online. Take for example: https://www.whitehouse.gov/news/ One of thousands of places online that the white house fully controls, where the press secretary can say whatever she wants, accessible to anyone with an internet connection. For some private individuals a twitter ban, coupled with bans from a dozen other internet hubs, might be a difficult hurdle to overcome, as starting a new site and then getting traffic to it is difficult due to network effects. But to claim that public officials have no means of having their voices heard besides twitter is patently absurd. Sounds like someone's never been locked out of a document they need to edit. It's honestly tough to remember just how bad check in check out document control was a few years ago. Remember the days when one person did their section in a totally different style from the rest of the document and you only discovered it at 3 am the morning it was due because they waited until the last minute to email it to you and then at 5 am when you had finished reformatting it you realize that all his references to another person's section are incorrect because he wasn't at the meeting where that person said they reorganized their part, so you fix that until 7 am and then you go to add in the bibliography but the guy who had that last sent an old version in his email so you have to call him and get him to send you the real version, and the next thing you know it's 9 am and you need to give a presentation on this 400 page document after getting no sleep and not even having time to grab a cup of coffee. I honestly don't understand why anyone wouldn't take advantage of concurrent editing. China hit $1.988 Billion, overtaking North America's $1.937 billion thus far in 2020. In 2019 North America brought in $11.4 Billion while China brought in $9.2 Billion. For obvious reasons, 2020 is hardly representative. A typical person eats 3 to 5 lbs of food per day, and that generally includes some very calorie rich meats, dairy, nuts and/or processed foods - not exactly the stuff you'll get in your backyard. You might be able to feed a family on an acre of beans, but not on an acre of generic greens. Yeah, that was the standard document control method 20 years ago everywhere. It works, but it's incredibly inefficient. Such systems make any sort of global changes extremely taxing (so many people need to sign off on it, and there's going to be loads of bike shedding), and naturally favors heavy compartmentalization. The work winds up divvied up among many people working in parallel, but they're not collaborating - you're waiting on mike to finish his portion, not working with mike to make a better document. It's also very difficult to efficiently divide labor - for example let's say you have an equation heavy document, you could have one person do the first half and another do the second, but it would make more sense for one person to do the text and another person to do the equations as that way neither of you have broken flow. This is possible but a real pain in the butt to do simultaneously with check-in check-out, alternatively you can have the one person do the text and then hand it off, but that might be very suboptimal if you are time constrained. This sort of work is a breeze in a modern collaborative environment though. Finally, from a true document control perspective, the old check-out method seems sensible as you know what changes were made between when it was checked out and checked in, and you know who checked it out, however you don't really have any better knowledge than that. With a modern system you can see who typed what and you can see every edit they've made, including when they've typed out a long section then decided to delete it and try something else. This can be incredibly useful for keeping track of how an idea evolved. It's also easy to see who actually contributed what: while traditional document control will tell you that so and so made a change to some section, if the change was just pasted in it's difficult if not impossible to tell what the difference from the previous version was. Finally while traditional document control focuses on limiting the chances of a mistake, modern methods allow you to fix mistakes easily. Now I'm not saying that there's no way to get what you need with check-in check-out document control, but we've reached the point where you don't need to make your work compatible with the process. Actually taking and distributing pictures of the earth from space requires a license (issued by NOAA of all agencies) which requires certain protections for the national security of the US and some allied nations. I presume the other nations capable of launching satellites have similar laws in place. SpaceX had to modify their launch broadcasts to stop showing images taken from space as they do not (or at least didn't at the time) have such a license. [0] https://www.nesdis.noaa.gov/CRSRA/files/15%20CFR%20Part%2096... You can get a low end new car with a payment of only around $200/mo and buying used is significantly cheaper still. You don't necessarily need to possess a car, but if you don't have the financial means to possess a car then you really can't afford anything beyond the absolute most basic necessities. In a developed nation, that's barely surviving, not living. Why should it matter that cost of living varies? If you move to San Francisco, you should know that your money isn't going to go as far; conversely if you move to Tulsa you should reasonably be able to take advantage of the low cost of living to build up your savings. If you're residing in Tulsa and still only just surviving, you're not earning a living wage. Then there's the fact that besides food and rent pretty much everything we buy nowadays is nationally priced - amazon doesn't give you a discount for moving to a low cost of living area; and you don't get to pay lower taxes because cost of living is higher. But beyond all this, the disparities arise almost exclusively because of a few outliers - maybe 5% of people in the country can live comfortably on less than $20k/yr and less than 10% require substantially more; the vast majority of Americans are close to the average. Which would be a compelling argument if there were no other way to learn math or law. Put 30 kids in front of a teacher for 8 hours - that's about 15 minutes of instructor attention per kid per day on average. If we assume that one on one sessions need to last 8 hours, then yeah the system doesn't scale; but more realistically the kid's educational needs could be met in a fraction of the time. One person can tutor dozens of kids a week if they do it full time, but even better you can tutor without doing it full time. Full time teachers are a limited resource and if yours isn't great at some or all of the job, you just have to suffer the consequences; but there is a massive pool of people who are capable of teaching a kid something, and the harm of a mediocre tutor is minimal and easily overcome. One on one tutoring is already extremely widely employed, and plenty of platforms have popped up to help it effectively scale. Pretty much the only people who don't use it are those who can't afford it, a problem regular schooling would also face if not publicly paid for. It takes very little imagination to picture a system where people get vouchers to spend on tutoring services and a simple method for large numbers of people to qualify as tutors eligible to accept these vouchers. That some people need kidney dialysis is not an argument that everyone getting kidney dialysis is the only way to stay healthy. If you can't learn from books or videos or online lectures or parents or tutors, I doubt generic schooling is really going to be able to help much either, but if it does great. People learn in different ways and different kids need different resources, but that's an argument against a one-size fits all public schooling system, not in favor. That's correct. > Trademark owners have a duty to police their mark. This applies to all types of marks – brand names, slogans, color, product shapes, or even a smell. The cost of dropping the ball on this duty can range from a bar on future enforcement of your rights against a particular company to a complete loss of all trademark rights. As a practical business reality, the value of marks that are not policed and their associated goodwill are always in danger. [0] https://www.mintz.com/insights-center/viewpoints/2251/2013-0... I was envisioning primarily in person tutoring, which has been effectively done for a very long time. That said, online tutoring is an option that many can and would employ. That a few kids might need a different structure is a very good argument for the flexibility of tutoring. We already transport students and people already commute to work. The money you currently pay to stick kids in your school district on a bus can be used to facilitate transportation for tutoring. Some tutoring services may provide a central location while others may bring the tutor to you, and you pick the one that works best for your family. As for your other points: Dedicated daycare facilities can be more efficiently set up if that is their only objective. Effectively teaching hundreds of students at the same time is impossible, so you need dozens of teachers and classrooms. But if your only concern is making sure they don't kill eachother, you can easily throw a few hundred kids in a gym or a plsyground and tell them to have fun with only a small handful of moderators - which is exactly what most schools do during recess. A good portion of the current school population probably doesn't even need such services (if your 18 year old needs to be babysat, they're going to have a very rough time at 19). School creates the logistical problem of getting kids to and from school. Again, the bus you're already paying for can take people to a school or a shared learning center or a library or a tutor's office. The money you are paying to maintain the school science lab can also be spent to support a community science lab. This building can be much smaller, less staffed, and more optimally configured than a full highschool The money you spend to support a school computer lab can also be spent to support a community computer lab. In general this already exists at most public libraries. The same argument as for the science lab applies here. The money you spend to support school lunches can also be spent on food programs. When all you have is a hammer, everything starts to look like a nail, but a hammer is not the right tool for many jobs. Likewise when all you have is a school, every societal need related to children starts to look like a school problem, but that does not mean school actually solves those problems in an efficient way. It really does not take any great mental leaps to imagine services dedicated to solving individual problems being more efficient than something that was never originally intended to solve that problem. The current pandemic is unprecedented, I think the assumption that no more people will get a covid vaccine than get a flu vaccine is absurd. While there will certainly be some small section of the population which can't or won't receive it, we should still reasonably expect a huge number of people will. Even if people didn't want the vaccine in larger numbers (which I see no evidence to support), I imagine most businesses and schools will require vaccinations for employees and students. Then for population protection, its important to note that the level of protection we need is not certain - estimates range from as high as 90% to as low as 43% [0], with 60% being the classically assumed number. With a 75% effective vaccine, to reach 60% coverage you only need 80% of the population to receive it, and it's reasonable that with repeated doses the effectiveness can be further increased. While that's a lot of people, it is well within the achievable range. On top of this, we can target vaccinations. Most of us interact with the same people every day, and most of us would be able to tolerate the disease so long as we have access to proper medical support. Treating people who bridge relatively isolated communities, the immunocompromised and those who come into direct contact with them, and those who are especially likely to be exposed to the virus can substantially reduce the virus' ability to spread and to kill with only a fraction of the doses required for true herd immunity. A vaccine also provides a substantial benefit in terms of risk reduction. Right now anyone can potentially have the disease; even if you've recently been tested you might have since been infected. As the size of a group goes up, the odds that someone has not been careful goes up, and thus you must be constantly vigilant in all circumstances. But with a vaccine, if everyone in a group has been vaccinated, the odds that the vaccine didn't take in both you and another person are low, and the odds that that other person also happens to be actively infectious is lower still. Even if there are still localized outbreaks, many communities could confidently be declared free of covid with extremely limited restrictions on their members to prevent the reintroduction of the virus. Things won't instantly go back to normal the minute a vaccine is available, but there is good reason to expect substantial quality of life improvements once a reasonably effective vaccine is being mass produced. [0] https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20200626/herd-immunity-thres... Rankine cycle tops out at 40%, gas turbines are more like 50%, and combined cycle, which is really what's being implemented here, can reach around 60%. When the gas is essentially free, there's not much incentive for efficiency, but they could have powered the compressor with a smaller yet more efficient combined cycle system. If you can economically extract power from a powerplant's waste heat, the original power plant was suboptimally designed. Well starving could be considered just a 100% diet rate. Clearly that would be catastrophic so any claim that dieting is beneficial is obviously fallacious and in fact we would be better off eating more. Looking at behavior in the extreme case is only valid if behavior scales smoothly up to that limit. Let's say that I own a 5 million dollar business that makes 1 million per year in profit, and the corporate tax rate is 40%. I could take my profit and pay my taxes, leaving me with a 5 million dollar company and $600k cash. Alternatively I could "spend" that $600k to get 1 million dollars in cash interest free to invest in my company, raising its valuation to 6 million. Assuming with the investment that that the company continues to generate 20% profit, even if the tax rate stays the same, I make $720k per year after taxes. Considering I invested 1 million and I'm making an extra $120k per year, that's a 12% ROI/yr - not bad, not great. But since it only cost me $600k to make that investment, I'm really getting 20% ROI/yr. If taxes drop in the future, the ROI further increases, but they don't need to for it to be advantageous. Even if I never actually take profits, my net worth is still going up, and I can cash that in by selling the business or some of its assets at some future point. > There are ~900,000 police officers in the United States, and 240 million 911 calls, and 50 million police-public interactions. That's an average of over 50 interactions per day for a police officer. Those are numbers per year, not per day. Don't pan for gold, sell shovels. Is it easier to start a research lab when you are competing for a small pool of researchers with a bunch of already established labs, or when there are 3 underemployed PhDs at every coffee shop in town? If a world war lasts 4 years, and a typical PhD takes 5 years, which country can more easily spin up research: the one with an excess number of PhDs at the start, or the one which waits for the outbreak of war to fund more PhDs who will graduate 1 year after the war is done? Yes, some resources are spent on training a PhD who doesn't use it, but there is also a cost to not having enough PhDs available when you need them. If the latter is greater than the former, excess PhDs are optimal. Which is less awkward: telling someone they aren't as qualified as they think they are, or making up a story about some policy and saying your hands were tied by factors beyond either of your control? You're saying this guy is a high ranking member of an organization completely embroiled in internal politics. Would such a politically savvy person have any qualms about lying to someone at a party? Famous spy names are not at all inconspicuous Spies need to be inconspicuous No spy agency would send an agent with a famous spy name No one with a famous spy name would be a spy There is no reason to suspect people with famous spy names are actually spies Famous spy names are therefore inconspicuous. The original analysis was done with the standard method and found a very strong signal. A new analysis done with a non-standard method found a significantly weaker signal. The argument for the non-standard method is that while the standard method substantially reduces noise, it also can be heavily affected by instrumental errors. They looked at more of the ALMA data and found other high signal to noise peaks which aren't associated with any chemicals and thus are probably artifacts from the detector. A different curve fit that gets rid of these erroneous peaks also shrinks the phosphine peak below standard statistical significance. The problem though is that they only looked for these alternative peaks in the datasource for one detector, but the phosphine peak was found on multiple detectors. Overfitting may make a random peak stand out more than it should, but that peak has to be there to begin with. Either both detectors have some unknown quirk that causes the same blip at the phosphine line, or that's a real signal. The argument that the signal is less than what is typically considered significant under the alternative analysis technique is irrelevant as the typical case doesn't use the alternative technique. If you changed all other measurements to reduce signal to noise ratio, the required signal to noise ratio for all detections would also decrease. It is also worth noting that this new paper, which uses a non-standard method, has not yet been peer reviewed. If you only produce just enough PhDs, then when you start the next Manhattan project you need to scrape the bottom of the barrel and grab someone who's been out of the field for 10 years, or wait several years for the rate of PhDs being completed to increase. If you produce a substantial excess, on the other hand, you can instantly scale up to meet increased demand. It's all about that pipeline. But yes, moonshot projects can also be utilized so that past PhDs can be kept sharp. Indeed, a huge number of science programs currently do exactly that - society may see little direct benefit to discovering methane in the space around Uranus, but the people optimizing those radio telescopes are pretty nice to have around if you think you'll ever need people to optimize radar systems. That's the government coercing you, not microsoft. I'm sure microsoft doesn't mind a captive market, but if the government decides to use slack or whatever instead, you're going to switch over to slack regardless of any protest from microsoft. The companies which seem to benefit the most from the government's power are the ones which would suffer the most from losing the government's current favor. They must bend over backwards to stay in the government's good graces, not the other way around. > Why would being racist make someone an unworthy sinner? Racism is just treating others differently based on their race. It’s not weird or evil. In fact, it’s perfectly normal and even understandable. Humans have probably always separated themselves into groups. Even chimpanzees do it. I think that’s what the trainings try to get at. Chimpanzees murder. Just because primates have been doing something for millions of years doesn't make it acceptable. We have the capability to rise above our instincts and make rational decisions about who we want to be. Treating others differently based on their race is fundamentally unethical. You're not an irredeemably broken person just because you've done something unethical in the past, but saying "well everyone does it" or "it's just natural" is just refusing personal responsibility. Maybe some people honestly can't accept the idea that they have done something wrong, and would cling to a belief that deep down they knew was wrong if they didn't have such an "out" to preserve their view of themselves. They'ed rather double down on racism than admit they've knowingly treated people incorrectly. For most people though, acknowledging a problem is the first step to solving it. Everyone alive today has spent the vast majority if not the entirety of their lives in a world where the idea of racial superiority has been thoroughly discredited. The emphasis on certain features like skin color over others like hair color in segregating people is an entirely learned behavior. For racism to endure to the degree it does today, enormous numbers of people must have actively chosen to learn this behavior and refused to change. It hardly seems unreasonable to conclude that for many, telling them that something is normal and natural robs them of their imperative to change. If a restaurant owner doesn't like me taking my shoes off, they can kick me out. There is a clear business interest in maintaining an atmosphere where people want to eat, and my bare feet would make plenty of people lose their appetites. If the government points their guns at me and says eat at that restaurant or else, the restaurant owner has done nothing wrong. It is the government forcing me to wear shoes, not him. Even if he lobbied for a law that made dining at his restaurant mandatory, the government still decided on its own to go along with it - the restaurant owner had no power to make them do it. Forcing the restaurant to allow me to take my shoes off will only make the dining experience of everyone else forced to eat there more unpleasant. It is dumb that the local school chose a setup that relies completely on Microsoft. You and everyone else negatively affected should be sure to show your dissatisfaction with the school board on election day. But there's nothing wrong with Microsoft having the ability to kick you off if it doesn't like you. Sounds like the driver's at fault to me. In this case the bus stopped abruptly for no apparent reason, but what if there had been a reason? Perhaps someone walked into traffic or there was debris on the road. Drivers need to leave enough space ahead to come to a safe stop when the vehicle in front of them stops abruptly. But would you have gotten better results if you had typed those same queries into some website? While an artificial general intelligence would be capable of fluent speech, a perfectly good speech system does not necessarily need to be an AGI. Another Star Wars Holiday Special? Well I guess that's one more for 2020 Bingo. That's what Netflix has been forced to become. It started out, however, as an extremely convenient movie library with basically anything you'd ever want to watch that cost substantially less than the ticket price of even a single movie per month. It was exactly what many people were looking for, and they flocked to it, but its success led to many content licensers ending their contracts in the hopes of offering their own streaming services for which they would get a bigger cut.