Just because someone knows who I am does not mean that'll matter when it comes to proving things in court, which in real life isn't as easy as one might imagine. >he probably won't get out for a while If only I'd get sentenced in the first place. Unless there's ever any public court records, I doubt you'll find much (if any) good information. If that was a case, people running SSDP (and other UDP service) honeypots would no doubt have noticed the massive increase in traffic. Majority of our bandwidth does not come from these so called "reflection attacks". But is in fact "real" bandwidth. We are using actual 0days to compromise the (about 100k-150k) servers we have. I'm actually rather excited for the eventual technical analysis of our net by someone with actual technical competence. It might end up causing quite a bit of noise. Well, I live in a country that will not extradite it's own citizens. And even if I somehow did manage to get extradited the US has a legal system where you'd actually have to prove a persons guilt, not just speculate it based on some IRC log of dubious origin. That's a popular view, but I don't think that in real life it's an entirely correct one. At the very least those with money tend to be able to have a fair trial in the US. Lots of it is the sort of equipment you wouldn't notice. Not exactly embedded stuff though. There was a few rails YAML bots on an IRC for maybe an hour before another bot was loaded on them. (But that was like over an year ago) A large chunk of the boxes we control do not have any sort of web apps running on them. Ones public actions do not necessarily equal ones skills. The motives behind LS are more complex than some journos believe, something that should be obvious by the darkode connection alone. Krebs seems to be pretty lost, especially considering that he thinks we've been attacking his site for past 40 days or so. That's just not true (and anyway, if Prolexic couldn't keep PSN up why would they be able to keep his site up?), only thing linking us to attacks against him was a joke in the topic of our fake recruitment channel telling people to take his site down for an hour or so. Anyway, as for my motives (besides money, of course)? You don't get access to this many boxes without stumbling on at least something interesting. One thing you should understand, we currently have basically two types of clients. First is of course the kids who go to lizardstresser.su and buy the $20 plan so they can attack people they play video games with. Now, on the other hand we have our corporate clients. These corporate clients usually contact us via email or over forums and either make us a fixed offer or request a quote for a given target and time-frame. Now, these types of clients are usually willing to pay tens, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to disrupt their competition for a couple of days. The second type of customer is obviously our main source of income, and what better way to find those clients than worldwide media publicity? It'd be funny if this ended up being a sting op, wouldn't it? You're pretty quick to call people morons for someone who doesn't have a clue about what he is talking about. These routers Krebs is talking about (Which have largely been infected since August) were never connected to an IRC network. And as for the gcloud servers, yeah we connected a few of them to the public IRC... So what? It's not like as if they we're ever going to survive beyond few hours. Also, Krebs seemed to imply that we used the Google bots for DDoS attacks... That's pretty ridiculous considering Google will automatically suspend you if they detect traffic anomalies. If we were awful at opsec we probably would have already been identified by someone. We've been going at this since August. Why bother? DNSSEC is hardly useful in real life anyway. Asking the compromised DNS server if it's been compromised is a really good way to find out if it's been compromised. 1) Is not a valid argument, or at least shouldn't be. By that logic we should completely drop UDP. Unrelated to the topic, but has Gandi decided to stop hijacking users domains and holding them hostage? I had Gandi seize a fairly decent domain of mine for "abuse" (Which is funny because the domain wasn't even in use) and communicating with the support was just a truly horrible experience, they wouldn't even tell me what the domain was actually suspended for. If you're worried about opening ports, you're doing security wrong. A simple curl reveals that it isn't... And how often are deface pages serving malware anyways? IMO it would be much more sensible to serve malware off of a page that _doesn't_ announce it has been hacked. Interestingly enough, despite malaysia airlines claiming that this is just a DNS hijack. It appears that their own CDN (Akamai) is now serving the deface page. (The page was being served by cloudflare before) Not really, the page is being served from MAS's own servers now. How can the journalist reliably evaluate who "Lizard Squad" is aligned with, especially with them repeatedly claiming to support ISIS? Which would imply that their backend was compromised, not just DNS. Unless there was something horribly wrong with their setup, akamai would have prevented that from happening. Akamai makes you to set your own DNS server for it to pull records from, the domain getting hijacked should not have any effect on what that DNS server is returning. MAS's CDN that is. The same CDN they were using before the hack even happened. Their domains DNS servers were switched to cloudflare, I'd imagine that's the DNS compromise they're referring to. Not _their_ DNS servers getting compromised. So CDN just works without having the SSL certs? You specify the nameserver for akamai to pull the zone from on the config site. Their "CDN" is quite a bit smarter than what L3 & co. run. At their scale, yeah they are. (Especially considering you wouldn't need new sats) Considering all serious attackers already bypass the CF browser check, what's the point? Mentioning in minorities in contexts that aren't explicitly positive is pretty much a holocaust-tier offense. That's nonsense, English isn't sexist by default. It's only sexist if you decide to make it so, e.g. by intentionally misinterpreting it. Are those the same women that refuse to identify as "women" and use terms such as "womyn" instead? Why bother with DNSSEC when you could be working on actually useful technologies? Malaysiaairlines.com is proxied by Akamai CDN, surely Akamai has access to the certificate used for malaysiaairlines.com then. There isn't really any valuable information FBI could get from the site, especially since TPB doesn't operate their own tracker anymore. Only possibility would be getting IPs the uploaders use to log into the site, but that's pretty far fetched. I rather doubt their plan was ever to "win" the trial by jury. The repo only got pulled because popcorntime never filed a counter notice, this is standard practice and practically required if you want to maintain your safe haven status. Taken a plea? What plea? AFAIK Ubuntu is profitable for Canonical, so I wouldn't call that a donation. Why does this matter? Reddit isn't exactly the kind of company that holds any important data worth a transparency report. Services like SSNDOB have been around for years now. We're talking 10 years old breaches here. Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but there have been bots doing this for well over 10 years now. Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but there have been bots doing this for well over 10 years now. These cables are truly wonderful for deconstructing the Mozartian spacial qualities of the sound and to perpetuate the plateau-spreading fluidity of the music. You don't need miners to process transactions. What a terribly worded and inaccurate title. The size was not seized, only the domain "kickass.so". The site has multiple (tens) of domains (that are still accessible) such as kat.ph. Just trends in the cybercrime world, and the increased publicity. To be honest, EFF isn't exactly the most reliable source on these things. They too are very very biased. Barrett Brown intentionally did everything in his power (including, but not limited to publicly threatening named FBI agents and their families) to get targeted by LE, and succeeded. Swartz? Swartz knowingly did several obviously illegal things (breaking-and-entering?) and then acted shocked when he got charged. His actions may have been morally defensible, but not legally. Law enforcement did their job there. Almost everything depends on perl. Unless you're running a very small embedded setup, you'll have extremely hard time living without perl. Circular dependencies are perfectly normal. Two? You're completely ignoring the bitcoin hacks. Not every provider lies to their customers about the hacks though. Linode only came forward about the hacks after I announced them on their IRC. Are you on a Debian based OS? Try aptitude search '~i~Dperl' Someone posted a list to a .onion site indexing these on FD in early 2014. http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2014/May/43 Edit: Oh, seems like the site is still up at http://un1c0rn.net/ http://un1c0rn.net/search?q=tags%3Amongo This is actually even more important in cooler climates, where you may need to scrape the ice off of your car right before driving. Having frozen hands most definitely does not make driving easier. Or just chips failing to read? Their failure rates seem to be much higher than magstripe. In my experience if you try to use a broken chip+pin card you will almost always be allowed to use the magstripe "bypass" instead. PLEASE do not link to qubes in any security related discussion, the devs are known for their incompetence and making some rather hilarious public claims[1]. Not only that, Qubes uses a vulnerable git version from several years ago so practically anyone could go backdoor it if they cared. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Pill_%28software%29 Not exactly true, valve "fixed" the phoon style bunnyhopping after the vide on in the article surfaced (even though it had been in the game for years). There still exists a version of bunnyhopping in the game but using it for speed gain on longer distances is very difficult. It's not even about the risk, it's really difficult to monetize massive amounts of cards. .com? If that money is ever exchanged, it'd probably be trivial for a powerful entity to figure where it went. Mixing large amounts is pretty damn hard, there's not enough volume to hide large transactions. Trading massive amounts of BTC to an altcoin would be even harder, concealing the movements of that altcoin would be pretty much impossible. In the end the process of money laundering ends up being significantly more complicated than with "real money". Don't go and compare Tor to BTC, just don't. They share nothing from a technical PoV. Lauri wasn't involved with HTP, he was involved with a HTP member that gave him the CF exploit he used. You should seriously consider switching banks in that case, what bank doesn't let you do wire transfers online? 2000BTC isn't very much at all, especially since the mixer having 2000BTC doesn't mean they can securely mix 2000BTC. Exchanges will most definitely be storing logs, so that won't help much. Comparing mixers to relays isn't valid either, with BTC the attacker will have access to the blockchain, which is basically the worst possible attack scenario for Tor. And in any case, there isn't enough BTC transaction volume to reliably hide large amounts of BTC. Maybe. Export the cert and post it. Stripe doesn't let you send money to cards. Maybe a single customer getting owned is better than all the customers getting owned? Closed source often has eyeballs specifically paid to... eyeball it. I live in Finland, and the whole concept of not being able to send wire transfers from your online banking (or even a phone app) sounds utterly ridiculous. This seems to be the norm in most of Europe. AFAIK the big US banks let you do wire transfers online too. OTR? Really depends on how much effort you put into it. Gotta love the tags DNS caching most likely, your iPhone is using a DNS server that has the old lenovo.com records in it's cache. Read the source. HTML/Iframe.B.Gen is a generic false positive. 1. You're confusing "cryptor" with "crypter" 2. "Closed source" and javascript don't really work together. site:hackforums.net cryptor About 1,790 results (0.32 seconds) vs site:hackforums.net crypter About 62,700 results (0.36 seconds) "most likely" Wordpress itself isn't all that insecure, but most of the plugins are. Actually they can. The controls they use do not scale and therefore are only used for targeted and random checks. Having one out of 100 packages seized won't really hurt your bottom line. Paunch had nothing to do with Tor and wasn't exactly trying to hide his identity. Many don't. It's a business decision. Well, they weren't doing it "silently", users had to agree to install the miner. I rather doubt they actually care if the target server is a honeypot or not, it looks like they're just looking for free hosting. If they didn't want to get outed they would probably be trying to conceal themselves in the first place. Often there's no need for that. Considering the writer supposedly knows the attackers identity, I don't really see why they'd use the wrong gender pronouns. Registrant Organization: PayPal Inc. Admin Organization: eBay Inc. Yes they do. Although, I do recall x.com being online not too long ago. Author is plain wrong here. The big visible watermark is there for the psychological effect, not to trace the leaks. There's always a plenty of hidden ones. (Missing frames etc) HBO will definitely know who they sent the episodes to, but that doesn't necessarily mean they know who leaked them. Problem is that (besides for the brand) Cloudflare really has nothing to offer for Google. Google has spent the last 20 years solving the same problems CF is aiming to solve, they've even got a competing service Google PageSpeed that does exactly what CF does, except better (in my personal experience.). Oh, I didn't know they closed signups. I've been using it for some personal projects for a good while (Since 2011 or so?) now. I don't think they need CloudFlare for that though, they just need marketing people to sell it. I can't see CloudFlare acquisition being worth it for Google just for their marketing expertise. I also heard that google is testing out mind control using chemtrails. http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/www.google.com/en/... So, google is buying congress reps by donating them pocket change? Why would you recommend TrueCrypt? That's a terrible suggestion. TCs developers told you to stop using it, BitLocker's didn't. Even the people responsible for the audit recommend that people not use TC You're missing the bigger issues related to TC, for example the fact that it doesn't even run on new windows versions (and never will)... Are you seriously implying that there's never any security issues discovered after audits? There is no good way to implement hellbans, the only people affected by them are the ones not expecting to get banned. I think "ORGANIZATIONS CREATING APPLICATIONS NEVER BEFORE POSSIBLE" about sums it up on their "who uses" page... There's nothing in particular that mongo does better than it's competitors. So the DDoS attacker can't retrieve said tokens? Hellbanning is most definitely widely known of where it is used. It maybe useful in a few individual cases, but most definitely not always. (And that's all ignoring the ethical issues) Depends entirely on the contents of those peoples tweets. What if one of those leaders of a hate group was also a linux kernel developer and regularly made interesting technical tweets? Well then, my opinion on kkkautoblocker would be no different than my opinion on ggautoblocker. They're both stupid non-solutions, anyone who's actually trying to harass people will be able to circumvent them... People should also consider that if they can't handle the vile cesspit that the internet is, using it is optional. Have you noticed that at least in the US, white collar crime already carries ridiculously high sentences compared to the rest of the world? To be honest, "dark web" seems to lack a clear, well defined meaning and should be avoided. Not really assuming said gif is inside an img tag. Scenarios where the attacker is restricted to being a non-MITM eavesdropper are pretty rare, public wifi networks aren't an example of such. Except HTTPS does not (currently) solve data integrity issues in real life use cases, getting a certificate issued for someone else's domains is far from difficult... Especially since DNS is still plaintext. http://krebsonsecurity.com/2015/02/webnic-registrar-blamed-f... http://www.zdnet.com/article/revenge-hack-put-5-5-million-do... http://www.educause.edu/educause-security-breach-and-passwor... If you're missing my point, these all of these hacked orgs had the capability to issue SSL certs. Well yes, none of them would actually have their own name on said certs. But all of them had API access to make symantec or geotrust issue certs. End result is the same. Having been involved in all of the hacks I linked, I wouldn't describe them as anything extraordinary. That's probably a good solution if your intention is to destroy any trust that's left in the banking system. I didn't do it and don't know why this guy thinks I did. You don't necessarily have to do anything, refusing to talk (not necessarily help) makes keeping people in jail so much easier. Looks like the guy who owns roguefoundry.com has some lawsuits in his past: https://www.pacermonitor.com/public/case/3925103/McDermott_v... Well, it's been years since I last touched SL. But last I checked it was really easy to make infinitely self replicating items that would end up completely filling up, and eventually crashing sims. Something like this, https://youtu.be/YCc0hDuQt3w?t=72 I don't think I've ever encountered so broken mobile scrolling. So you're publicly admitting to several felonies? Did your lawyer seriously say that posting this is OK? I'm having really hard time believing that. Honestly, you might seriously want to consider getting a new lawyer. No good lawyer would ever tell you that it's ok to publicly admit to a felony just because it's unlikely that you'll get sued. None of these "secure browsers" seem to actually do any real hardening. Wow, these guys seem to be using an ancient and vulnerable version of cgit. It really isn't a big deal though, CID/ANI should never be trusted to identify the caller anyway. Why should FTC be able to help you? Phones work internationally. I don't think you've seen the systems they use in developing countries. Phone networks are almost a century behind the internet. It's not something that's easy to fix, nor are there too many situations where you would need to rely on the CID to identify the caller. Bulk international dialing is pretty much just as expensive as local dialing. (Essentially free) And in some countries you can just park pretty much anywhere and you'll only worry will be potential parking tickets. Over here in Finland most apartment building parking lots come with lines of electric outlets (used to keep the cars warm in the winter) that have already been there for tens of years. Here's a picture: http://www.vastavalo.fi/albums/userpics/13723/normal_2010110... Currently these don't have high enough amperage for fast charging of Teslas but the electric companies are already upgrading their infrastructure to enable that. You're not talking about Caller IDs here though, you're talking about some completely new technology that'd require a complete rework of current telephony systems. If you're worried about someone spoofing the source of their call you should probably consider using SIP over TCP, although it is unlikely that rest of the world is going to follow suit any time soon. And no, first-world telcos wouldn't be capable of providing what you want without massive overhauls either... Nor would they want to since there's a plenty of business critical applications that depend on this behavior. I really don't think a privesc vulnerability on Windows can be considered a "massive security risk" at this point. Yes, but it will index it. That's actually not true. A bunch of people in Qatar use that IP though. And the exact same thing could've happened with credit cards. I don't think your adblocker is very good if it blocks the scrolling code (which isn't an ad). >The middle east is migrating to democracy and has the least amount of dictators in charge in my lifetime How's that democracy working out in Libya and Syria? Many (probably pretty much everyone actually familiar with the situation) would argue that things were better under those dictators. The term generally used is "prison". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penal_labor_in_the_United_State... What are you talking about? The mortality rates of migrants in Qatar are exceptionally low. Will it be different in 20 years? Or even 50? Right now these countries are warzones, and the stronger parties seem to be those more willing to pick up weapons and slaughter people. Use Tor if you want to anonymize yourself, not a VPN ffs. That detail wouldn't have happened if android manufacturers had their shit together. Faulting blockchain for not properly handling such ridiculous OS behaviour is pointless. The fee is optional and currently just make your transactions get processed faster. Although, a hostile party would be able to stop transactions without fees from being processed simply by flooding them. Customer support. A human can then verify the user even if they can only remember a part of the password. Transferring USD (except in some fairly rare scenarios) is incredibly difficult and time consuming, much more so than bitcoins. By doing that you aren't transferring 1 USD, but you are transferring 1 paypal "usd". And having two parties create paypal accounts and go through all the necessary verification steps to actually do that is most definitely hard. You're talking about using bitcoins to transfer USD. Bitcoin provides a good way to transfer bitcoins between people, USD doesn't have a similar mechanism. If you really want to use changetip, sure. There's no need to download or install a bitcoin client when options such as blockchain.info and xapo are available. Wallet security is pretty much the same you'd be practicing with your bank accounts, which you pretty much need to actually utilize paypal (And to be honest, sometimes to get bitcoins too). Paypal barely has enough users worldwide to cover half of US population, so most people definitely don't have it. Of course bitcoin has even less users. Pretty much 100% of my income is in bitcoins, about 90% of my expenses are paid for in bitcoins. I use bitcoins to pay for flights, groceries, rent and so on. Of course my situation is rather unique, but it does go to prove that bitcoins aren't completely useless by themselves. Maybe you should look more into the blockchain bug, it was caused by fucked up android phones having broken /dev/urandom for whatever reason. IMO it's a pretty fair assumption to make that all modern linux distributions would ship with /dev/urandom. How exactly is wallet security any different from bank security? Bank transactions don't tend to be reversible either. Customer support by itself tends to be a security flaw ripe for social engineering. No they weren't. The bug affected a very small minority of the apps users running broken android versions. Why would you have to do that with bitcoins? How are bitcoins any easier to steal than your bank credentials? Callbacks? Users PII? There's really no good ways to do phone verification. You can't use any kind of shared secrets as people forget those. >[SECURITY ADVISORY] All addresses made with the Android Blockchain.info wallet application since 1 May 2014 are potentially compromised, your funds are at a direct risk of theft. This is incorrect, posted by some random guy on reddit. Check out the source code he links to, it should be obvious that on any sane platform the random.org generator is used in conjunction with /dev/urandom. > I don't need to start by installing a blank linux VM on a permanently offline computer, to have a secure bank account. I don't even know where to begin here, why would you have to do this with bitcoins? How is storing your bitcoins on your computer any different than using online banking? In both scenarios you risk losing everything if you get hacked. Verify a pin? But that's still something you have to remember, not providing support for users who have forgotten their passwords doesn't tend to be an option. It's a mystery to me why, in this day and age, anyone is jailbreaking their iPhone to bypass digital signature checks. I mean, 20 years ago there might have been some benefits, but these days that doesn't really matter. So why is jailbreaking so prevalent? Or will it take some malware being publicly released to get the customers to take notice? I don't think a person that can't understand loans is ready for college. The creditor gives you money and you have to pay them back, if you ask for too much then it'll be much harder to pay back your loan. Many students who take loans don't even need them, but could easily pay their tuition by just getting a job. Because that's not how the world works. If I go spend all of my money on alcohol, whoever sold me that alcohol isn't going to get punished. If you fuck up, that's on you. Not anyone else. Every OS that people actually use has boatloads of unpatched security issues. I don't think it's fair to say "every single piece of software", as the claim that it's impossible to write secure software is just a myth. It's not very hard to write a secure "hello world". Then there's also Coq and such. Of course, usually the amount of vulnerabilities exponentially correlates to the size of the codebase. Fuckups like this should result in criminal charges (and immediate depeering). DoS attacks are illegal in most countries and this is definitely gross negligence. You're completely ignoring the potential monetary damages. A plenty of financial systems use the internet. I've also heard of a couple of other businesses utilizing the internet. "Shit happens" would've been applicable if this was solved in 5 minutes. Accidents like this are trivial to prevent with proper policies. If someone causes a car accident because of their gross negligence, they'll most likely face criminal charges. This isn't about how the internet works. This is someone messing up and breaking the internet. If I'm driving a car without paying attention to the road and kill a bunch of kids, that's my fault. If Telecom Malaysia pushes new configs without testing them and breaks the internet, that's their fault. Obviously these two things aren't even remotely comparable in seriousness, but it's clear that in both cases the people messing up should be held responsible. I'm very well aware, just because there's a history of people messing up doesn't mean the people that mess up shouldn't be held responsible. People are usually still held responsible when they accidentally break things, especially if it's because of their own gross negligence. I don't think anyone is blaming individuals here, in most countries businesses can face criminal charges. Seatbelts are risk mitigation, but I guess you still wouldn't be happy if someone crashed their car into yours. There's also "financial systems" that cannot realistically operate on their own comms networks. Online banking, PayPal, Bitcoin... I never said that it isn't how the internet works? Your comparison to postal service misdelivering some mail is both irrelevant and utterly ridiculous. A relevant comparison would be someone disrupting mail delivery on a global scale. Which would in fact be a crime in quite a few countries. For example in the US: https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1701 https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1706 https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1702 https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1700 E: (Yeah, downvote me because you disagree. Instead of explaining why I'm wrong) Even if was a mistake, that doesn't suddenly make it OK. People make mistakes, yeah. But this isn't a simple mistake, in fact this incident consists of multiple mistakes. 1) Someone wrote an incorrect config 2) They did not test it 3) They pushed it to production systems without testing it 4) They did not monitor their systems after pushing new configs 5) They took ages to fix the problem after it was detected. That definitely isn't a single mistake. That's their fault. Sometimes their sites go down because of someone attacking them (intentionally or not). Policies to defend against these mistakes are trivial to implement. Testing of configs before deploying, live monitoring of newly deployed configs. I don't think anyone is saying that the fact that this CAN happen isn't a huge problem, it most definitely is. Thing is, everybody knows (and has always known) this can happen. Everybody also knows how to avoid it. Well-intentioned people tend to try to avoid breaking the internet. That really doesn't make the negligence of Telecom Malaysia any more defensible. I really don't see what's the point of defending Telecom Malaysia, a plenty of people manage to operate their equipment in a manner that doesn't break the internet. Just because this was a mistake doesn't mean they should not be held responsible (and no, I'm not saying someone should go to prison.) I'm really not focusing on financial compensation here (I'm more interested in discouraging people from breaking the internet) , with the amount of people affected that's a topic you could write books on. I am focusing on liability though, I very much believe Telecom Malaysia should face criminal charges for this (I do not know if they should be sentenced though, as I am not aware of all the facts. That's up for the court to figure out) In most countries (I do not know if this applies to Malaysia too, but I believe it should) denial of service attacks are a criminal offence, I'd say exporting prefixes like this would constitute as one. Surely YOU know what YOU should be announcing. I'm definitely not saying we should disconnect Malaysia from the internet, that'd be terrible. Despite the name, TM is a private company. I really wouldn't have any issues with (temporarily) disconnecting them, or alternatively fining them. GLBX should definitely be able to do both of those. Of course best case scenario would involve Malaysian government intervention. (As unlikely as that sounds in a country that seems to be ran by people that believe in magic) Based on previous experiences I'd imagine their contract would allow early termination in case of abuses such as this,but of course this is speculation. I definitely didn't intend that anybody should be executed, but at most fined (or imprisoned for a reasonable amount of time if this was in fact intentional, but that's unlikely). I don't actually think it's an "attack" either. But guilty or not is binary, the actual sentence tends to be affected by details such as malice and intent. Reading comprehension. I never said what they did was criminal. I don't think you fully understand what "should" means here. I'm obviously not implying that the legal framework necessarily exists, but that it should. (And not for drone strikes ffs) Did I ever suggest that? Assuming "trillions" means 3 trillion. Divided by the average work hours during a persons career that'd come up to about 33 million people. That's quite a few engineers. I really don't see how his spending makes this article come off as douchey. Which is still significantly less than with java. The chromium-browser package is also a binary blob. Clicking this link will make your browser silently download and execute a binary blob http://ftp.netbsd.org/pub/NetBSD/misc/pooka/rump.js/ I don't know if that's a huge difference, considering the binary blob provably doesn't do anything (you should be complaining about). This article features some impressively bad journalism. I deposited 0.6 btc, messed around with the site a little bit (didn't play a single game) and ended now there's only 0.07 btc on my account. I'm not sure if losing your customers coins is such a great business model. Why should the reddit administration interfere with communities ran by third parties? IRC networks are still running just fine with minimal intervention. I own a surface pro 3. The (physical) keyboard sucks, the on-screen keyboard sucks more. The screen is great if you like to write your notes by hand. You'll have very little luck running linux on it though. IRC is mostly drama, but for whatever reason nobody thinks it's a big deal. (Compared to reddit.) >collating and creating these scrapes has absorbed an enormous amount of my time & energy due to the need to solve CAPTCHAs,... Have you considered automating this? There's a plenty of service providers that sell APIs to captcha solving services at reasonable prices. The modern policy of no customer support by these services is a little worrying. I'm in a similar situation with google suspending my gmail account because I tried to make play store purchases while traveling (apparently this is a "suspicious access pattern"). Now I'm out 5 years worth of emails and have no way of contacting google (Despite being a paying google apps customer and registered on their payroll system). Frankly, I'd rather like to be able to pay to receive some support from these companies. Oh well, at least they made my emails bounce. tl;dr why don't web companies offer paid support to their users? I don't use Instagram. But in Googles case, very much yes. And I'd like to give them more money for some customer support. Yes, but that support can only help you with business accounts. Not with personal accounts, even paid ones. I pay for gmail, I pay for drive, I pay for adwords, I pay for google apps, I pay for GCE and play store. (and undoubtedly a plethora of other services I couldn't remember) I think I fit at least some definition of "customer". And I'm still not asking for free support, I'd gladly pay Google 2k an hour to get someone to assist me. What about the 2015 macbook? I own one and it's been great. (can't remember the last time I needed any ports on my laptop anyway.) I'll definitely check them out. Picking a new email provider is really hard, reliability is key. And to me gmail used to represent the ultimate reliability, but no more. >I used to have "rbishop", now some other developer has it. I've been using one for almost a month now. Solid device as long as you're not doing anything super demanding on the hardware (A couple of VMs work just fine). My only complaint is that it's not very waterproof.