The purpose of middle management is to organize and communicate information. With that said, insulating upper management from the rank-and-file can be dangerous. Not wanting to hear what the engineers think is one thing. Not wanting to know is quite another. Any faster? My one reason for clinging to Excel is the speed of computations involving thousands of cells, including graphing. "This could explain the disconnect over cubicles. Maybe the people in charge of facilities, not having any concentration to shatter, have no idea that working in a cubicle feels to a hacker like having one's brain in a blender." [1] 1. http://paulgraham.com/gh.html I'm teaching Python to my kids (ages 10 and 13) right now, after finally ditching Visual Basic myself last year. Of course I'm at liberty to improvise my "syllabus." I decided to introduce lists before program flow. I introduced range() as a way to populate a list. And then we started doing things with lists using constructs like [x 2 for x in range(-10, 10)]. At that moment, my daughter asked: "Can we use Python to make a graphing calculator?" With my syllabus in tatters, we installed matplotlib and played with it a bit. I've explained to my kids that in programming, sometimes we have to look up and use things before we fully learn how they work. This approach would probably make no sense for teaching C, where looping comes before lists. But in my idiosyncratic mental map of Python, lists come before looping. I'm not dogmatic about what first language to learn. My only intention right now is to see if my kids will take an interest in it. In a crowded market, the sales pitch has to anticipate and overcome "negatives." Thus, MATLAB has to be marketed as a "real programming language" to overcome the fear that it will prove inadequate for some task in the future -- especially when you had to beg and plead for the money to buy a license. And amateurs (including me) don't always see the difference between the language and the libraries, so the demand for a "real programming language" results in a huge bloated product festooned with every possible bell and whistle. I wouldn't have a problem with a tool that falls short of completeness (Turing- or otherwise) if it's simple and does something useful for me. I love spreadsheets. In the early 80's, my mom got a subscription to Byte, and I eagerly awaited every issue. My drug of choice was "Ciarcia's Circuit Cellar," which forged a connection for me, between my nascent interests in electronics and programming. I'm not employed as a teacher, but one thing that I learned in a traditional classroom setting was how to teach. I observed fifty teaching styles, and the subtleties of adapting to those being taught. I use those skills every day. If anything, an economy that expects more of us to become entrepreneurs, teaching skill will become more valuable, not less. I'm betting my career on some things never going obsolete, such as the laws of physics and being able to explain a concept to a non expert or skeptic. For one semester, I taught the "terminal" freshman math course. The syllabus that I was required to follow was obsolete by thirty years. The switch to online course should really be accompanied by a vigorous debate over the content that is being taught. I never thought of this before, but the first 4 digits of my credit card number revealing the issuing bank seems insecure to me. That's not a fault of the op's program, of course. While you're at it, add an indicator to show if the data lines are active. Could this be as simple as LED and resistor? Why didn't the MacBook just configure itself? What basic computer skills should everybody possess? In my view, the answer is: None. My rationale is that any skill considered to be universal enough for everybody to know, should be taken care of by the computer -- especially if the computer is sold on the premise that "it just works." I've been hacking since 1981, and I wouldn't have guessed the need to configure the MacBook for a proxy server, or that the proxy was blocking the embedded YouTube video. On the other hand, I want my own kids to learn how to hack. We have 4 Raspberry Pi's in the house. The kids are learning HTML and Python. But why? My motive isn't to teach them "skills," but just to see if it sparks their interest. Also, I think that given the ubiquity of programming as an intellectual pursuit, and its impact on society & history, it ranks as a "liberal art" alongside calculus. I love that the Truant Officer is listed in the credits. Maybe he didn't think it was patentable. I suspect that their experience with the //e influenced the decision to make the Mac a closed box. Like you, I found the PC to be a much more comfortable transition. Because the Apple ][ was a locked design, folks started poking directly into ROM and RAM locations, for instance directly manipulating system variables, or even jumping into the middle of ROM subroutines. A book called "What's Where in the Apple II" documented almost every known hook. My mom had that book. She's my hacker role model. As a result of the way that software interacted, it became virtually impossible for Apple to update the ROMs without breaking popular apps. The next generation of personal computers all represented different approaches to avoiding this problem by providing well documented entry points while offering no guarantee of long term code stability. IBM made one mistake: They let people hard code the address of video RAM, which is what led to the legendary 640k barrier. I agree. In my view, the "walled garden" of iOS is just the next step in what Apple had already intended to establish for the original Mac. To be charitable, I can imagine it being based on the idea of protecting the user from Bad Software. But lots of us wanted to write Bad Software such as little programs for our own use, or for limited, specialized use by other people. I found the Mac programming docs (Inside Mac) to be impenetrable, and the overhead for writing Hello World enormous. Then I fell in love with HyperCard. But we all know what happened to that. My mom was a high school teacher in a small rural district with a Ford plant. In the early 80's, she took a couple of programming classes as a hedge against possible layoff, and ended up starting a class at her school. She paid for the computers out of her own pocket, and class met before the regular school day. It should be noted that during this time period, outside of a few affluent districts, virtually all teaching of programming at the K-12 level was done on an ad hoc basis by teachers who volunteered their time and money. Edit: Not "was" a hacker but "is" a hacker. ;-) Slow, dog slow. I've tried Open / Libre Office on both Windows and Linux targets. A benchmark: Create a couple columns of, say, 10000 x/y values, and see how long it takes to create a basic scatter plot. Also, I've noticed that the user interface of Excel is a lot more polished. For instance it's more forgiving of exactly where I put the mouse pointer before clicking -- valuable for me because I get severe eyestrain headaches whenever I have to look too closely at the screen for too long. If it's really free and remains so, it'll be cool. Oddly enough, I'm in a tiny little niche market where there are a few folks who've had really nasty experiences with eBay, and hence refuse to do business through PayPal. The accepted alternative right now is they send me a check, but this thing looks like a good alternative. I spent a few years in Texas -- another zero income tax state, before moving back to the Midwest. Something to consider is whether or not you've got kids. Right now my family lives in an affordable neighborhood with a tolerant culture and excellent public schools that my two kids attend. In Texas, it seemed more like getting a good secular education for your kids was something that you had to pay a lot for, one way or the other -- either living in a super affluent neighborhood or finding private schools. Financially, I think that I may actually come out ahead living in one of the so-called "education states." Granted, my cultural biases show themselves in this post. Very nice! Now I've got to see if my old floppies are still readable. While in college, I got myself an oddball MS-DOS computer. My dad read an article in the business pages about this guy who had the audacity to market a complete software product for 39 bucks. Dad didn't know anything about computers, except that there was growing interest in programming, so he got Turbo Pascal version 1 for me as an Xmas present. That was the original version, and I stuck with Turbo Pascal through successive revisions until 1994 when I discovered HyperCard on an Apple Mac. In my view, among the strengths of TP, its manuals shouldn't be overlooked. Each version came with a relatively slim yet complete manual that a person could actually read. Of course it helped that the target platform was relatively simple too. We tend to worship heroes. Thus, when we learn that something is cool, we go looking for a lone person who can be identified as the "genius" or the "inventor." If somebody can set themselves up as such a hero, then inventions will be attributed to them by their followers. There's an analogous effect that's reportedly been around for a long time, possibly worldwide: An anti-correlation between birth rates and things like the education and economic empowerment of women. In addition, even the US has seen a decline in birth rates resulting from economic stagnation. Is Japan an exception, or merely an extreme case due to the tenacity of workplace sex discrimination? > Watch out, though, for integer division: now 1/2==0.5 (not 0). There go half of my bugs. ;-) An Excel to LabVIEW converter. ;-) It seems like a really cool idea. For better or worse, Excel has emerged as the de facto "programming" tool for small scale computation and database tasks. It's an annoyance that you can't see your entire program at once, especially for checking correctness, finding bugs, and understanding someone else's work. I've been teaching Python to my kids (both in middle school), and had to explain zero based arrays. Fortunately, all explanations automatically translate into "yet another stupid thing that grown-ups do." ;-) Being somewhat of an old timer, I understand the justification of zero based arrays based on making the hardware simpler and maintaining a tight coupling between the representation of a program in source code and its implementation in hardware. Zero is special because all of the bits are the same. Arrays are zero based because the physical location of the first element is the same as the memory location assigned to the array itself, plus zero. For the last element, I just remember the mnemonic "up to but not including." I'm reminded of the old adage: "You can't prove a negative." While I'm not smart enough to know if this statement is philosophically sound, it occurs to me that when you're working on something, the number of possible suggestions is infinite, and conclusively refuting any suggestion is futile. Thus, endless suggestions of the form: "Why don't you try such-and-so?" are counterproductive -- especially when they come from the person who writes your performance review. For suggestions, I have a place where I can politely write them down for future use. That's called the "dark text problem." ;-) Thanks! My kids will love this. Perhaps the most forthright answer is because it's interesting. In my view the inability to live with contradictory theories is one of the things that makes science what it is, and also that propels science forward. Gravity and quantum mechanics is a grand example, but we're trained on countless little contradictions, such as why channels A and B of my circuit seemed to behave differently yesterday, though they are nominally identical. Letting a contradiction stand without investigating it would have to be a conscious mutual decision, in and of itself. Making that decision arbitrarily would be akin to making the contradiction a matter of dogma. This is why some folks struggle with cognitive dissonances that they perceive in religions. Otherwise, if the contradiction is discovered to be irreconcilable for a good scientific reason, that discovery will be equivalent to a unification. So it's a game where there's nothing in between winning and giving up, and no time limit. What we never know about contradictions is how long it will take to reconcile them. When I discovered the problem with channels A and B, I had no idea at that moment how or when I would solve it. We have to live with the remote possibility that unifying gravity and quantum mechanics will take 100,000 years. Perhaps what comes along with training in any profession is an understanding that what "radical" consists of might be subtle, and not easily recognizable to a lay person. Good way to weed out people with personal commitments such as families. Gaming metrics could be tested during the interview process: "That was a nice job solving FizzBuzz. Now, please tell us concisely how you would solve this problem: The purchasing department has a metric for buying in volume to get discounts. The manufacturing department has a metric for cutting inventory. There's a huge Dumpster next to the loading dock." (Based on a true story). "Urea, I found it!" -- Apologies to Archimedes I looked into licensing at one point when it seemed like my career would be heading in a different direction. As I understand it, my state defines "engineering" as anything that could affect public safety, and says that all engineers have to be licensed, but there are only exams in certain subject areas. I think the guiding principle of engineering regulation would lead one to believe that software controls for a car should be covered by licensing, but that this has not occurred in practice due to the regulations not keeping up with technological change. Too much brand consolidation could have a negative market appeal. Consolidating logistics would be another matter. The fallacy of "just" should be added to the standard lists of logical fallacies. "Just do X" assertions are problematic in a number of ways: 1. "Just" carries a hidden assumption, that the thing is simple and straightforward. 2. It's awkward to respond without tacitly accepting the burden of proof for why you can't do the thing. So far as I know, sapphire is also used as a substrate for growing some kinds of semiconductors. Here, the optical clarity isn't as important as the chemical purity, but clarity and purity go hand in hand for sapphire. It would be interesting to look at companies with stack ranking and see if any objective performance measure is a significantly better predictor of a layoff than: 1) A random number generator; 2) the personality of your boss. I just tried it, and it's great. Nice job, on many fronts: Recognizing a problem, coming up with a simple, uncluttered solution, and making it work. In my view, a site like this is useful for a lot of purposes beyond actually signing up for health care. For instance, I've got employer sponsored care, but I was simply curious about what my costs would be through the exchanges. I also want to be an informed citizen, and "how much does it really cost" is an obvious question that anybody might be inclined to ask. In my view, knowing the magnitude of the numbers should help provide a reference point for political debate. Thanks for that! I had assumed that I wouldn't qualify for a subsidy, and indeed I don't. As others have mentioned, these sites don't actually solve all of the problems, but it seems to me that a few free tools that just help people gather information would take some of the pressure off of the main system. And if enough of these tools were to crop up, then none of them would have to be 100% reliable. Simply making people less nervous about signing up will make the official process work better. It's a nice article, but it overlooks one fact: There needs to be a brain drain out of academia, because academia can't absorb more than a fraction of its own production of talent. Ah, but this isn't just a problem with coding. A mechanical or electrical engineer would have been horrified by my vacuum system or electronic circuitry. ;-) When I was in grad school, the mantra was: It only has to work long enough and well enough to produce a result. My experiment was declared a success when I got the MTBF up from a few seconds to a few minutes. Maybe this helps explains why a B+ isn't worth anything any more. Would 3D printing help with some projects? Actually, building and playing with published Raspberry Pi or Arduino projects wouldn't be too bad a way to go. Most of the designs are open, and hobbyists tend not to overcomplicate things. See how many layers of the onion you can peel back, or what small changes you can make. Choose a board and see how much mileage you can get out of it. For the lowest level nuts and bolts, Horowitz and Hill's _Art of Electronics_ is still a classic. Going through the first few chapter exercises will get you thinking in terms of voltages and currents. Try for an older edition, second hand. The fundamentals haven't changed. In fact, that brings up an idea for a way that hardware is sometimes easier than software. The laws of physics that constrain our designs don't go obsolete every 2 weeks. That paper brings back memories... http://www.quill.com/ampad-engineers-pads/cbs/046009.html?cm... If this is a novel antibiotic with any therapeutic potential, please let's outlaw feeding it to cattle by the ton. I came across a web forum thread in which the escalation of criminal sentencing laws is compared to the Milgram experiment: http://www.isthmus.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=35&t=58211 Of course no analogy is perfect, but this one gave me pause. I had a similar experience in my career, well over a decade ago. Granted, my anecdote doesn't prove anything, especially because I could have been wrong at the time, but it reflects the mindset. I had a choice of implementing a machine controller with GUI in MacOS (System 7.5), some flavor of Windows, or even MS-DOS! Two factors influenced my choice: 1. Familiarity with the innards of a PC assured me that I could make it work all by myself, no matter what, even if it turned out to be ugly on the inside. 2. Looking ahead, and realizing that a bunch of MacOS development experience on my resume would elicit a yawn from most recruiters. As for the display controller, today I'd do it with something like a Raspberry Pi. Stack ranking makes managers irrelevant to employee performance: The lowest employee is going to get sacked, so there's no reason for the manager to work on that person's performance. The highest employee doesn't need a manager. The remaining middle can be dealt with next year. Maybe stack ranking replaces low performers with high performers, but only if you make managers irrelevant to the hiring process, because we keep hearing that managers don't know how to hire. All that's left is for the manager, once a year, turn in a ranking list. I wonder if all of that could be automated. SRAAS. ;-) Now, there remains a place for managers, because stack ranking is a "guideline" and there is always some flexibility. So it's each manager's job to negotiate the budget of rankings for their team. This is why I've commented before that a vital factor is having a boss who is liked by others, and who has the leadership ability to stand up for his or her team. Well, it's a small and localized data point, but my kids (both in middle school) have had a blast with theirs. They've played around with a lot of things, including Scratch programming and a little bit of Python. We've gone back and forth between RPi and the desktop, since they can run pretty much the same software anywhere. Something to consider is that the RPi wasn't launched into a vacuum like the earliest microcomputers were. So it won't have as profound of an impact. At the lower grade levels, around 3rd through maybe 8th grade, Scratch seems to be a pretty big deal. Somehow, Scratch has been installed on every computer in our house, and a couple of Arduino boards arrived shortly after S4A was mentioned recently here on HN. I'd encourage Scratch in the schools before RPi. The RPi has certainly been educational for me. I'm sure it wasn't the first, or the best, little Linux board. But in part due to hobbyist interest in it, there's a lot of good tutorial information out there, making it easy for someone like me (minimal formal training in programming and electronics) to create some pretty cool things. And they call Bitcoins a currency? From what I've observed, Matlab is more popular. There's a perception -- for whatever reason valid or invalid -- that Matlab is for numerical computation, and Mathematica is for symbolic or higher level math. And, that Matlab is easier. However, I'm noticing a trend towards using mainstream programming languages and whatever free libraries are available, to do the same kind of work. I used Mathematica 15+ years ago, and for doing the same kind of work today, I now use Python and am quite happy with it. As an add-on question, how do stores or online retailers set prices in BTC's? It would seem that you'd need to have indexed prices (like wages in some high inflation countries) to know what you're actually charging for something. Which, ironically, requires sitting in front of a screen for hours. ;-) "Beware of having lucky people trying to rationalize their luck into repeatable process postfact." Quote of the week. Thanks! The funny thing about something like bitcoins is that we don't yet know if the bubble consists of owning them, or not owning them. Disclaimer: I own none. ;-) In my view, the enjoyment of human interaction is not inconsistent with the enjoyment of solitary activities, even if you can't do both at the same time. A programmer doesn't have to be an introvert. I know several good programmers, including myself, who are quite outgoing. What's more, "forcing" me to choose sides, and then using it for some sort of employment decision, will result in a mistake. Maybe there should be two scales, where it's more credible that there are actual opposites: 1. Enjoys group activity, or doesn't. 2. Enjoys activities involving concentration, or doesn't. How does one identify a definition as technical? >>> It's sticky being in the 'middle' - big enough where you need to use services rather than hand assembly, but small enough where you don't really have any purchasing power. The road to production has a big no man's land in the middle. Second quote of the week in one week. ;-) I make a couple of small electronic gadgets for my side business. My day job is also involved in electronic manufacturing, and I've had a good overview of what it involves. Amusing anecdote: I was restocking a critical part, and noticed that one of the _alternate_ part numbers was on end-of-life status. I panicked and bought out my supplier's entire inventory of my preferred part number. That turned out to be the world's remaining supply, and the part is now obsolete. I suppose at the end of the day, the lesson is that no matter how good you think your suppliers are about keeping you apprised of component lifetime issues, once in a while, you're going to get screwed. For being in the "middle," it's not just purchasing power, but that there are a lot of shady vendors out there. Any start-up that is headed towards that wilderness had better have an experienced buyer along. In fact, if you're still working at a day job, any experience you can get in the trenches of supply chain management will probably benefit you. It's also worth considering what your design chain looks like, because it is intertwined with your supply chain. For instance, if you're shopping your firmware work out, and your microchip goes obsolete, you'll need to have a plan for responding quickly. I've observed that sourcing issues can eat a measurable fraction of your engineering department's time and attention. At this point, I've stuffed and soldered 1000+ boards. If nothing else, watching the up's and down's of Bitcoin is a motivation to think about what life would be like in an economy where currency is volatile. Beautiful MatPlotLib work. ;-) I have some "over printed" bank notes and postage stamps from the Weimar Republic. The money would be worthless by the time they got it printed, so they just ran it through another press to add more zeros. My grandparents lived through that. Gold is volatile too. Imagine estimating the time to complete a hike, and then being told that a bunch of children will be coming along. I've seen the opposite, where the effort and bureaucracy to change the software is so prohibitive that changes are made to electronics or even mechanics to avoid a software change. In deep dives into the literature (in search of other things), I've found rectifier circuits that use transistors (don't remember whether MOSFET or whatever) switched at line frequency to form a bridge rectifier with a lower forward drop. Of course it doesn't mean that anybody ever commercialized it. Beautiful, Greenspun's Tenth Rule comes to the hardware department! I live in a neighborhood nearby a major public university, populated by a lot of academics. Most of the people I know who are pursuing academic careers just want to do good work in return for decent working conditions and a decent middle class living. Few aspire, or expect, to become superstars. Academia has those positions, maybe not enough to go around, but they're there. I'm not sure that drug dealing does. Granted, I got my physics degree 20 years ago. At that time, there was actually a lot of frustration in the physics community about the lack of preparation for industry jobs. So I'd hesitate to speculate on why (or even if) the situation has improved. But I will anyway. ;-) I think that physics students aren't always "monogamously" in love with physics, so much as we're intellectual omnivores / opportunists. I was in love with math, electronics, and programming. But I ended up at a college with no engineering school, and the people who seemed to have the most fun playing with toys were my physics profs. But as a result, my ability to roll circuits and sling code with the best of 'em was still marketable in 1993. Today, I see a trend towards hiring people with more formal skills in their job areas, such as CS and EE degrees for programming and electronics design. And I see more emphasis on tools (IDE, CAD, etc.) than on knowledge of fundamentals. As an aside, it's worth noting that the public image of physics is the Theoretician, but most physics students are Experimentalists. Will it be cheaper than PayPal? A believer in Murphy's Law might speculate that the package of services needed to make Bitcoin reliable enough for regular consumer use, will also involve a level of fees comparable to PayPal. Are they elected? This should help me learn JavaScript! Upon further thought, I agree. I wouldn't have wanted to learn Python from a Visual Basic to Python translator. ;-) I wonder if it's a simple market differentiation factor, like why there are 100 different kinds of breakfast cereal. Creating two immiscible classes of toys effectively doubles the variety, and the floor space devoted to toys in stores. It makes hand-me-downs less appealing if you've got one kid of each kind. That factor alone would create a noticeable sales bump for toy stores, even if the differences were totally arbitrary. But the differences have to be strong enough so that the toys of each sex invoke the yuck response in the other sex. It's funny, but math is both occupational and therapeutic for me at the same time. Maybe you could weave those fields together! I've seen "too big to fail" apply to projects within businesses as well. Among the many hats that I wear, one is optics designer. A useful resolution test is to take pictures of alternating black and white bars, then use some sort of image analysis software to measure the contrast ratio, then draw a graph of contrast versus "frequency" which is inversely proportional to the spacing of the bars. You could define the resolution as the frequency or spacing where contrast drops to some arbitrary value such as 50 percent. Contrast won't depend on light level unless the camera is doing some interesting post-processing. It might be worthwhile to Google "USAF test chart" and look at what pops up under Images, because folks have conjured up test patterns that are useful for determining the contrast of an imaging system in one exposure. What I think might be tricky is to come up with an objective definition of resolution or contrast that is amenable to both physical and physiological measurement. [edited to add "inversely"] Occam's Razor: Apple patented it in order to own the invention. In my view, public acceptance requires stability. There's nothing that I can think of in the theory or history of Bitcoin to suggest that it should, can, or will ever, overcome its volatility. "Store of value" acceptable to laypeople will never happen, so long as Btc is volatile. "Medium of exchange" will be hampered by volatility because the use of Bitcoin by laypeople will require them to exchange Btc for a stable currency such as government money. This exchange is unnecessary when using a mechanism such as PayPal, thus Btc inherently suffers a higher load of transaction fees. It's a vicious circle. Liquidity of the exchange between currency and Btc would help to address both of these problems, but is beyond the scope of the Btc concept itself. It will require further innovation. A possible scenario for success is that competition drives Btc transaction costs below credit card swipe fees, thus breaking the oligopoly of the credit card processing business. Disclaimer: I use a PayPal merchant account for my side business. This quote, or maybe ones similar too it, have been cited as the "basis" of our school system, and it's not inconceivable to me that people with those motives helped get our public schools off the ground. But is there any evidence that such ideas are actually influential in today's schools? I'll bet that most teachers, if shown your quote, would retch. Maybe I'm lucky (at least, lucky enough to be affluent), but I don't think that my kids are discouraged from being creative at school or in quasi-school activities such as their music lessons. An observation about the article is the frequent mention of risk. What's risk? It's the chance that something will go wrong. If risk is how we formally define it, then a ten million dollar idea with a 90% chance of failure is worth a million. This suggests a potential gap between the innovator's view of their own idea, and its actual value. On the other hand, a dullard who comes up with a million dollar idea that's demonstrably risk free, has delivered equal value. What happens when the innovator presents the ten million dollar idea to a room full of dullards? After several such episodes in succession, they've persuaded themselves that the dullards hate innovation. Blaming people for being risk-averse isn't good enough. There has to be something else going on, such as a gap between perceived risk and real risk, that influences both innovators and dullards. Near as I can tell, the mainstream K-12 curriculum today resembles what Wilson would have considered to be a liberal education. Lots of math, science, reading, writing, history, etc. Math, science, and programming, are also play. ;-) Acres. Two more possible categories: 1. Waiting until I know that I can work productively on something -- free of distractions or micro-management 2. Waiting until the task vanishes because it wasn't worth doing in the first place And don't have carpets. Also, less stuff means less dust. My mom is a clean freak (also a scientist), and most of her rules have to do with the amount of stuff in the house rather than how it's kept. In my view, the impact of the President's message will not be on those of us who are already teaching our kids programming, but on the kids who live on the other side of the digital divide, and have nobody around them -- parents and even teachers -- who are fully aware of what programming consists of. Many parents think that programming is dangerous. I agree with the folks who have suggested that something like a semester of C randomly inserted into the existing curriculum will be a waste. Instead, the "every American should learn code" message should stimulate debate about what "code" would actually consist of if applied intelligently to the K-12 curriculum. How about music class? So much of contemporary music is programmed. Create music in Scratch. Replace some obsolete math exercises with explorations using spreadsheets or computer algebra software. Let kids use Scratch to write their own data acquisition programs for science labs, via S4A. Interestingly, you could group your words in two ways: good (life skills) (good life) skills Both apply equally! Perhaps a side effect of "everybody" learning to program will be the demand for more programming tools that are easy to use. Excel and VBA both developed due to use demand. I've seen lots of people, from engineers to workers on the loading dock, use Excel to create convenient tools for their own use. To make the argument less compelling and more realistic, you have to make the rankings multi-dimensional and draw large tolerance bands around each person's ranking. There's a lot of truth to this. A PhD is to a considerable extent a product of their project, and no two projects are alike, even for students working in the same lab. In fact, a physics problem isn't necessarily going to be solved using physics techniques. My lab mate solved his problem by developing new theory. I solved mine by overwhelming it with electronics and code. I'd love to study how long it takes the tanks to fall into disuse, to the point of being inoperable, simply because police departments will lose interest in them, neglect maintenance, forget where all of the pieces are, fail to find suppliers for spares, etc. Something puzzles me about the hologram analogy. A hologram seems totally garbled, and is "played" by projecting it in a particular way so that we see an image of the original object. In contrast, our 4-d world doesn't seem garbled to us at all, and there is no way to "play" it and see an image of a higher dimensional world. I'm almost ready to say that "ergonomic keyboard" is an oxymoron. Thinking outside the box: Some musical instruments have a small number of keys for a large number of notes. Playing for long time periods without injury is now part of the basic training that all musicians receive. Maybe a model for an ergonomic keyboard would be something like a saxophone. Heists and lost fortunes never stopped people from owning, trading, and speculating in gold. False dichotomy. Edit: To be fair, my comment relates more to the title than to the body of the post. We went to "first to file" in order to make our system more similar to the rest of the world. As I understand it, there were already very few cases where priority was decided based on inventorship. There's only a fee once the number of claims exceeds a certain number. Having duplicate "means" and "method" patents is pretty common. A general benefit of having multiple related claims is that some can stand even if others are knocked down. This would be a situation where you have to look at the body text, not just the claims, because they could under certain circumstances file an amended claim set, so long as the new claims are anticipated by the body text. Note: I'm not a patent lawyer, but have a handful of patents and have helped my employer with addressing patent related issues. In my view, there's a difference between programming and computer science, though I could forgive the Rep for using one as a generic term for the other. Disclaimer: I'm a programmer and definitely not a computer scientist. As I mentioned in another recent thread, "programming" doesn't need to consist of a semester of C, or a slog through Horowitz and Sahni. My kids simply think of programming in terms of "making the computer do things." They like to play with Scratch, and have made me promise to teach them Python. My daughter's interested in math, and I've showed her how to solve equations and graph things using Maxima. We have a couple of Raspberry Pi's, so the kids have gotten comfortable with the command line, configuration files, etc. Just find ways for the kids to do things and make things using computers, with a bias towards letting some of those things resemble programming. In my case, the vat contains coffee. ;-) As I understand it, something like the first 8 digits of your card number encode information about what kind of card you have. It allows the merchant to tailor how much you pay, to the type of card. It could take a couple of forms: 1. A surcharge for certain kinds of cards. 2. A discount for certain kinds of cards. In either case, I think this is just a logical step in a progression that makes it so that a merchant can recover a portion of their credit card fees from the consumer. Good or bad? It might create an opportunity for competition among credit card processors to offer their services for the lowest possible fee. This is a study that I'd definitely need to see repeated. The "reproducibility crisis" looms large. I use microcontrollers for prototyping and proof-of-concept work. Often I combine multiple devices into a system that I can control from a PC. It's been my experience that dropping in a something-to-serial converter is 100x easier than trying to install and understand a communication protocol "stack," even if the code and documentation is supplied by the chip vendor. I tend to use little USB-to-serial breakout boards, but I'd do the same with RJ45 if I needed that interface. Once something of mine is ready to commercialize, it gets handed over to professional developers who tend to prefer the built-in firmware based approach, but they end up spending a lot of time debugging those interfaces. I keep my eye on which programming languages and techniques are recommended for kids (plus kids-of-all-ages such as hobbyists, scientists, etc.). Then I use those languages myself. ;-) Thanks for those links! Regarding making programming fun, I've observed that certain kids (well OK, my kids) get a kick out of programming that interacts with the physical world. Kids seem to prefer writing programs that "do" something, where their definition of "do" might be different than ours. Before reading the article, my response would have been: "With my stupidity plus tireless determination, the clone would be dead in five minutes" >>> Your clone decided to give up the bad habits you shared. This suggests more than one difference. How about a more provocative idea (yes, a straw man, but I'm just thinking aloud): Don't distract new programmers with computer science. ;-) Depends on the risk. Assuming that the risk is proportionate to dosage, and in the absence of a regulatory mechanism, widespread use of performance enhancing drugs will lead to a level of use just shy of being lethal over the duration of employment, say three years. AFAIK caffeine is a diuretic, interferes with sleep, and gives me the shakes at a high enough dosage. I'd consider those things to be side effects. Pushing up against an unacceptable level of side effects is what probably forces most of us to moderate our dosage. I had to look up Nash equilibrium, and your critique is valid given that I certainly haven't tried to compute anything. A number of observations lead me to suspect that there is some sort of optimum: 1. Working conditions generally being more dangerous in the absence of regulatory mechanisms such as OSHA. 2. I live in a state with a sizable dairy industry, and I've read that three years is the typical productive lifespan of a milk cow before it can no longer support its own weight and collapses, when its production is managed with RBGH and antibiotics. 3. Doping of elite athletes is regulated by practical limits of detection. Lethality might not be the ultimate limit. Public outrage or a decline of performance above a certain dosage might also set upper limits. Disclaimer: I work for a Fortune 500 company. I suspect the inefficiency added by managers is overblown, because most of them do not spend 100% of their time on traditional management activities such as supervision and decision making. A lot of their work is on tasks that would fall in somebody's lap within any organization. Some of those tasks are ones that I find to be dreadful. Tasks that require someone to be fairly articulate and numerate, and at a level where they can be "privy" to sensitive information. From a technical standpoint, a lot of it could be described as data gathering, analysis, and reporting, in situations where those things can't quite be automated. Comment above about Parkinson's Law and the Peter Principle are duly noted. ;-) I was a manager for a while, so I don't exempt myself from those observations. I'd love to know if there's a good way to program an Android on an Android. I haven't found a satisfactory answer yet. On the other hand, programming for kids is probably a good use, as it doesn't have to be massively processor intensive. One problem is lack of a keyboard, though I've got a $20 Bluetooth keyboard that's a clone of the Apple. But I wonder if kids really care about that. Maybe not. I'd love to have something that was as simple as the good old BASIC of old. In fact, as I'm typing this, I'm downloading a couple of BASIC interpreters to play with. If you come up with a good way of doing this, that the kids enjoy, please share! You'd like to be paid more for being a good negotiator. I'd like to be paid more for being a good musician. Paying somebody more for being a good negotiator would seem to make sense if negotiation were an important part of their job. Otherwise it's just inefficient. Not to dismiss an interesting study, but it only seems to address the emotional response to criticism. When giving or receiving criticism in a work environment, there is likely to be a rational response of equal or even greater importance. At the very least, an employee who receives criticism will perform some sort of rough mental calculation to determine things like: 1. Is the criticism valid? 2. Is it threatening? These calculations may be influenced, not only by how you deliver the message, but by what information has already been revealed to the employee -- by your behavior, by the corporate history and culture, and by the employee's general knowledge of business trends. ... and she's already expected to pay for dinner. ;-) Perhaps an option, if it's not something you're planning on selling, would be to open-source it, and then let the employer use it like any other user. I treated college math and physics as symbolic manipulation games, and graduated cum laude with majors in both subjects. I can still fly through those exercises today, a quarter century later. My only misgiving is that the emphasis on closed form solutions, at the time, was exclusive. It distorts the choice of problems that students are given. Not being a CSist, I don't know if a similar distortion exists in CS. I'm surprised, in an industry that is founded upon automating repetitive tasks, that the coding interview can't be automated. Isn't that what standardized testing is all about? Well, I certainly can't plead innocent. ;-) I've realized for a long time that what's gotten me through school and life is a series of accommodations for the brain that I happen to possess. Oddly enough, things "clicked" for me in terms of developing the deep understanding underlying the symbols, but not always concurrently with whatever course I was taking. Very good point, and I realize that I was being a bit sarcastic about standardized testing. In fact it's possible that if a particular set of coding questions gains widespread use, then it will function as a de facto standardized test, with the result that you predict. This could already be the case if both employers and applicants are searching online for lists of the best interview questions. Here's my observation about "teaching to the test," having two kids who are now in middle school. Since every kid has to pass, the test is written to the lowest common denominator. Drilling the test over and over, to boost the school's average by a few points, short-changes the kids who have already mastered the material and need more challenge. Something like "cracking the code interview" could become an upper bound. I've noticed that the "degree is a rip off" comment crops up among graduates of practically every field from every school, equally from successful people and failures. So I'm not sure that I'd read much into it. I think coding is neither science nor engineering. I like the term "craft" much better. I've got a job where I get to spend a fair amount of time hacking on things that I'm personally interested in. I wonder if the 50% level, a la Guido Van Rossum, is some sort of optimum. Besides paying the bills, the non-unicorn work keeps me in touch with a lot of interesting people and ideas, and prevents me from getting tunnel vision. Two things have helped me. First, the stuff that the company makes is close enough to my personal interests, that I don't have to fight too hard to justify my unicorn work. Second, I make damn sure that my hacks end up in products and patents once in a while. Failing to intervene when a contributor's usefulness starts to wane is a failure of management. Ask HN: What problem triggered this? >>> 3) Chicago will also be the first US urban district to offer a K-8 computer science pathway, reaching one in four elementary schools in the next five years. In my view this is as big a deal as the high school course, if not bigger. The earlier you teach it, the less rigorous and more fun it can be. Well, I'm not a teacher, but I've got two kids in 6th and 8th grade, who are learning programming. We've been doing this for a few years now. Both kids are proficient in reading and math, and are interested in a wide range of subjects. Oddly enough, they have radically different styles of learning. I think it's important to be perceptive of what things kids consider to be interesting, as opposed to what we grown-ups believe to be important. The kids will be bursting with ideas of things that they want to make, and the trick is finding a way to channel some of those ideas into projects that they can actually carry out within finite time and material budgets. But I've learned that what they make doesn't have to be a full blown polished app. The pride of making it themselves trumps any adult aesthetic or ergonomic sensibilities. Scratch is great. The animations and sounds provide enough creative space to keep kids interested for quite a while. They can teach one another. It has some practical benefits, being written for widespread installation and "safe" use. The accompanying Web forums seem to be pretty closely moderated by grown-ups, while still allowing plenty of fun chatter. The mechanism for sharing and modifying programs provides a taste of open source! We've had fun with S4A. This is worth checking out. Making stuff dance around on the screen is all well and good, but I think that interacting with the physical world really drives home the fact that you're making the computer do something. This is a gaping issue. I don't think the answer lies in turning teachers into the kind of programmers that I imagine many of us are on HN. Most K-8 teachers don't have the background that I had when I learned programming, or the spare time to spend hours a day hacking. Considerable effort has been directed towards bringing programming to kids (e.g., Scratch). Perhaps we now need to make the same effort to bring programming to teachers, the majority of whom are weak in math. A predicament for teachers is not knowing what "language" will be chosen for teaching kids. If you know nothing about programming, the sheer proliferation of options is going to be a forbidding barrier. At this stage, nobody wants to drive a stake in the ground by declaring a chosen language, but doing so would probably go further than anything else to help teachers get started. Example: When I learned programming, that choice was driven by being wired into every affordable computer: BASIC. It wasn't the greatest language, but it gave teachers something to hang their hats on. Editorial: If the moguls really wanted to encourage programming, they wouldn't make computers hard to program. It's an outrage that the most popular computer among teachers and kids -- the iPad -- can't be programmed. Mom thought her teaching job was going away, learned programming, ended up teaching it. Sibling studied CS in college. I took a class in BASIC and was hooked. That was the early 80s. Et Tu, USB flash drives? We'll work on product quality just after we make our numbers for the quarter. Honest. Any time you have a metric driven reward system, you will find an entire industry built upon gaming the metric. Everybody standing on the sidelines with no skin in the game is always proud to point out the engineer's mistakes after they have been made. I comfort myself with Teddy Roosevelt's "man in the arena" speech. The entire economy looks bad, for all workers. Median income has dropped for everybody. Household debt has increased for everybody. Ah, of course. Nice call. I'd edit my post, but instead I'll leave it there to document the error. ;-) It would be interesting to know the impact of US college education on global poverty. In my view, a copyright system could reach a middle ground between libertarians and the rest of us. Limiting the term of copyrights is such a middle ground. In my view, if anybody could upset the monopoly of Visa and MasterCard by creating a new payment system with lower fees, they could do so today using dollars. Bitcoin isn't the missing piece of this puzzle. In fact I suspect Bitcoin would be an obstacle, due to lack of public confidence. In my view, the importance of the 2 vs 3 issue depends on who you think the typical Python user is, and the user population may be changing rapidly. I'm not a CSist or professional programmer. I use programming as a tool, typically to solve short term problems for myself or for a small circle of colleagues. When I started using Python, not too long ago, it seemed like I had discovered a secret productivity tool. A project manager asked me: "What's a Python?" Today, Python seems to be everywhere. It's been taken up by curious characters such as scientists and hobbyists. It seems to be the lingua franca of the Raspberry Pi. My non-CSist colleagues are getting into it, and I don't think it's just because of my incessant evangelism. ;-) A great thing about Python is that you can use it at whatever skill level you happen to be at, by ignoring its advanced features until you need them. I could switch from 2 to 3 today, but I'm lazy. I'd get bonked by errant print statements for a while, and probably not experience any other hurdles. I spend more time already, keeping up with the changes that I make to my own libraries. I like: Idea --> Write Paper --> Do Research It gives me something I can do when I can't work on the research itself (e.g., during meetings, in between interruptions, at home, etc.). And it helps me anticipate obvious questions that might detract from my result. A slide that looks like it doesn't contribute to the impact of the talk might indicate work that doesn't really contribute to the result. Limiting the text Just a few letters per line A novel concept I pledged at a level that gets me one board. So far I don't think they have shipped. The author has documented that the first shippers will be hand soldered, which makes good sense, and I'm looking forward to mine. Now, just to come up with a use for it. ;-) I'd describe it as a microcontroller breakout board with a built-in Python interpreter. I've also got Pi's, and make extensive use of lower level MCU breakout boards (e.g., 16 bit, programmed in C) for prototyping. It's easier to throw a micro at a problem than to coax a PC to work as a real time computer. And there usually has to be some kind of electronic interface anyway, so why not a micro? The Python board will do a couple of things. First, by studying the design, I'll get a gentle introduction to a micro that's much more powerful than anything I've ever dealt with. I'll see what kind of code is needed to manage such a beast. Second, I'll learn the tradeoffs between a higher level language and C for embedded projects. I vividly remember reading about the 8052AH-BASIC chip in "Ciarcia's Circuit Cellar" (Byte Magazine, August 1985). It was an 8 bit micro with an 8 kByte floating point BASIC. There was also a version with FORTH. These interpreters were codes that Intel gave away to illustrate what you could do with their chips. Many years later, I bought a simplified version of the circuit and used it to run little production machines in a factory. Agreed, with apologies. Post deleted. >>> Also, just owning the tools is illegal in some states. Yes, there is a provision in state laws against possession of "thieves tools." That article could have been written about music and musicians. I'm a working jazz musician, and the number of women who I encounter on the bandstand is depressingly small. That's an interesting passage. Thanks! The inroads made by women in classical music, especially when compared with other areas of the music business, are striking. And the levels of physical and emotional stamina needed to compete on the orchestral audition circuit are _staggering_. The ultimate coding interview. ;-) I've never had to compete at that level. Almost all of my calls are based on word-of-mouth. But I still remember my first paid gig. Talk about impostor syndrome! Paper notebooks for me too. I like little bound ones that I can fit in a jacket pocket. If I look at what notes I can still access after 1, 10, or even 20 years, it's all paper. I love Freemind too. I use it for the "what do we know about this thing" phase of problem solving. One interesting aspect of a paper notebook is that you know exactly what information you're carrying across a border. Of course paper notes have security issues, but all of those issues are known and easy to understand. The front door is open, but there are no back doors. I think that in the long run, Microsoft profited from piracy. My rationale is that piracy gave a market advantage to the OS with the widest selection of "free" software. So long as folks could copy MS-DOS and Windows software from their workplace, there was little incentive to consider any other OS. An old analog hacker rule of thumb is that if your product is going to emit RF, you'll find spurious RF on input and output terminals (including ground terminals), which you can check with a scope. Such a pre-test is cheaper than getting a field test done and failing. The scope test might be do-able on a comparison basis between the two designs. It's possible that Apple over-engineered their shielding. It's not necessarily a cloned design. The cheap part may simply implement standard protocols, and use the name of the Apple part to ensure driver compatibility without too much testing. Still, that seems rather under-handed if it's what it seems. This is completely beside the point of the article, but I work for a company that makes fairly large precision equipment. A potential service nightmare is when the customer moves the equipment and screws it up. A lot of this equipment is designed to only be installed by the supplier, due to the amount of documentation and training that would be needed for customer installation. And something like a big CNC may have some fairly detailed site and installation requirements. Maybe the GPS is so it can receive targeted ads. "Customers who machined this part also ordered..." ;-) Thinking as a physics generalist but not an astronomer, I'd describe these things as: 1. Super nova happens near a black hole. Stuff (including photons) that emanate with a speed and direction sufficient to overcome the escape velocity of the system will have happy sailing. Photons at the speed of light, massive stuff slowed down. The rest will be sucked into the hole. The result would be a directional burst that favors photons over massive material. 2. Same as saying that a neutron star falls into black hole. Point well taken about the cutting force probably dwarfing external forces imposed by minor tilting. I don't think I got sick, but had a hard time because of my bad vision, and was fearful of getting eyestrain headaches. I commented to a colleague that the device would benefit from some sort of corrective adjustment of the optics, such as the "diopter" and "pupillary distance" adjustments in a high quality microscope. And apparently a certain fraction of people have limited or no stereo vision. The pupillary distance could be done digitally. I'd give honorable mention to one of, or the whole class of, ultra low cost and low power microcontrollers that are everywhere. My first intro to microprocessors was the Z80 book published by Howard Sams. I never actually tried using one, but the book was so well written that it gave me an excellent foundation. I'd probably recommend one of the older uP's for anybody who is just getting started, as they are so much simpler. Does anybody know how much energy, i.e., Joules or whatever per Bitcoin earned through mining? But possibly less, if there's some sort of arbitrage going on. Also, the energy requirement can't fluctuate as much as the price of bitcoins does. Note I'm not trying to be argumentative. I'm actually genuinely curious. Even just order of magnitude. Folks in the media talk about the energy cost, but never with any attempt to quantify it. Just a ballpark, how many bitcoins would be earned by such a machine per unit time? I think that starting kids earlier would be a massive improvement. A kid's first exposure to any interesting subject shouldn't have to be a college level course. Would we teach math that way? Teaching programming in grade school would be so much better. If kids are 10+ years away from hitting the job market, in an area where technology turns over every 5 years, then we don't have to pretend that we're teaching them a job skill. This gives teachers the freedom to teach things within their own limited skill sets, and to have fun with it. At first they are. This is different than the way I learned math as a kid. Today (at least at the elementary school that my kids attended), math starts out with relatively undifferentiated exploration, and hops around from one topic to another. It gains rigor more gradually. I'm a scientist who uses programming as a problem solving tool. Before learning Python, I spent upwards of a decade using Visual Basic. My workplace has mostly C#, whereas I'm not part of the software development team, and am free to choose my own tools. For me, a problem with proprietary IDE's is that the forced distinction between "development" and "run time" environments encourages centralized development, which invariably becomes bureaucratic. When I need something from the programming department, they hand me a program which I have to carry to the target computer, test, and report back to them on any bugs or further changes. This cycle can take days or weeks if they're busy with other projects at the same time. In contrast, most of my work happens to be decentralized because it occurs in labs where the physical problem to be solved is located. Some of this work now occurs overseas. Much of it is done on computers that are off-network because the IT department rations connections. Locating the full development tools on each computer lets me quickly write and debug programs. And if I share a program with somebody else, it's not prohibitive for them to learn how to make their own changes. I had a total non-programmer say to me: "I think I found a bug in your code, and fixed it." My situation is one where I actually have a reason to keep and share my programs in the form of source code rather than as an installable / executable package. As well, I found Python to be easy for an old geezer to learn, and to write reasonably bug free code. And I love the packages. >>> One stupendously glaring omission in this kind of talk is that good managers are a dime a dozen. If anyone should be warned, it should be managers--if there is no reason to hire employees displaced by automation, then there is absolutely no excuse not to hire the very best managers. It has occurred to me that management is basically an information processing task. Why shouldn't it be automated? I think a reason is that managers are kept around to manage information that can't be committed to a stored record. An example would be details of the decision making process for who gets laid off during a downturn. When I was finishing my PhD in 1993, I told my advisor that I had received an industry job offer. I also mentioned this at interviews for two academic positions. The response of my advisor, and of interviewers, was along the lines of: "If you've got an industry job offer in this climate, why would you even consider applying for academic jobs?" An impressive number of Nobel Prizes in Physics are awarded for technologies. >>> the purpose of a Ph.D.: to produce a piece of original research, which is necessarily extremely specialized. I'd modify this a bit, since a PhD candidate is still a student, and still works under a teacher. The purpose is to learn how to produce original research, by doing it under a mentor. The mentor has some responsibility to guide the student away from making themselves so specialized and unemployable that their first research result is their last. Now, I think that as students move up the ladder, they are afforded greater responsibility for their own careers, and greater freedom to -- frankly -- make mistakes. A PhD student should be able to figure out that a job in business might require being conversant in business. But they should also be free to master a skill that no employer cares about, with eyes-open awareness of the risk to their careers. On the other hand, a student could also think strategically about their research project and employment prospects. I had a physics thesis project with a particular research goal, but considerable latitude as to how I could carry it out, and I steered the project through a series of obstacles that "forced" me to become demonstrably proficient in areas such as electronics and programming, which also happened to be my hobbies. In other words, I tackled a specialized problem by being a generalist. My father gained his PhD yet was and is a generalist. He went to work in industry. Perhaps this gave me a natural role model, and a background that enabled me to manage the same transition. Franz Kafka wrote a short story, "Investigations of a Dog," in which a dog tries to figure out where his food comes from, and why he goes through a barking and jumping ritual before receiving his food, and ends up creating a myth of a giant invisible soaring dog. For me, that's not the Smalltalk-80 issue, but the Z8-BASIC issue. My mom was studying computer science, and subscribed to Byte. I was interested in math, electronics, and programming at the time. I was in high school and had taken a course in BASIC. Ciarcia's Circuit Cellar was transformative for me. What are the failure modes? Flammability. Sorry, I should have elaborated. Flammability popped into my mind because of the need to list the flammability ratings of the materials in a design when going through regulatory testing and certification (UL, CE, etc). Maybe we live in the same city! But... >>> no one around you cares about the same things you do is what I like. The diversity. I can get completely lost in a tech problem that I'm working on, and when I go out and talk to a neighbor, or chat with parents at soccer practice, the topic might be astronomy, biology, politics, or agriculture. Widespread distribution of the data can also affect the process that the data are supposed to measure. When I taught a college course several years ago, it was conventional wisdom that student evaluations were primarily driven by grades, thus encouraging grade inflation. A popular website called "rate my professors" included ratings for "easyness" and "hotness." Female teachers were advised to anticipate receiving one or two rape threats in each batch of anonymous comments. I'm not a lawyer, but as I understand it, the validity of a patent, and the infringement case, are handled by separate courts, each on its own schedule. You can get an infringement judgement against you for a patent that is ultimately invalidated, and the judgement still stands. In my view, one thing about any wearable device is that people form an impression of what you're doing with it. That's what makes it socially acceptable or not in the long run. Earphones / buds / blueteeth don't have unlimited social acceptance. If you're talking to me while wearing headphones, I might ask you to take them off, especially if you're one of my kids. If I see you wearing them while while careening towards me on your bike, I might dive for cover. If I see someone wearing them while communing with nature, I might think they're weird. If any prediction is possible, I'd guess that Google Glasses will also gain some sort of conditional social acceptance based on what they are capable of being used for. How is an acqui-hire not job creation? How do big companies not innovate or create jobs? I work for a Fortune 500 and have engaged in both innovation and job creation. I use the __name__ == '__main__' thing for unit testing. I don't know if this is a generally applicable technique, but a lot of my modules interact with hardware or physical measurements, so I have to "see" the results in order to believe that the units are working. Often, what I'm looking for is problems with what's actually being measured, and the effect of changing operating conditions, not just my own copious programming bugs. For this reason, my unit tests can be pretty elaborate, with GUI, graphs, and other stuff. The unit test also functions as a "demo" of the module. Line numbers in BASIC Oddly enough, there's at least a dozen Hacker News apps at the Android store. Granted, there is no "official" HN app, so these aren't fakes of anything. I decided that the last thing I need is HN burning a hole in my pocket all day long when I should be working. Another thing to teach my kids about personal finance. In my view the simple explanation that there's more to learn before reaching the cutting edge seems credible. Biology is another area. I live in a town where there's a lot of biology research, and there are start-up businesses, but they aren't formed by kids who skipped college to get rich. Instead, the typical start-up founder could be anywhere from 40 to 60. It takes a long time to learn biology. Another possibility to consider is that math research takes more time now because it resembles more of a search than an inventive process. If proof is computer-aided, for instance, then an Edisonian approach could be applied to finding a proof for a theorem (or at least, finding important steps), resulting in discovery of proofs being a matter of time, even for the most brilliant mathematician. (edited for spelling) If you recognize engineering as the "clinical" side of science, then science has saved lives. And cost lives too, of course. Absolutely, and thanks for clarifying. My thought is simply that the creativity has evolved towards work that takes longer to reach fruition. I suspect that of equal importance to the schematic view, for electrical engineers, is the dataflow programming model. Another dataflow based programming tool, albeit non Turing complete, is Excel. An interesting thought about evolution is that text-based programming languages are exquisitely evolve-able, because the technology and effort to evolve a language or create a new one aren't too far out of our reach. If you don't care too much about efficiency, you can create a new language from an old one, and pass it around for others to try out. This may be why there are 100's of text based languages, but I can think of only one graphical language -- LabVIEW -- in widespread use. LabVIEW requires a monumental organization to maintain. Adding a structural feature to the language, requires changing the entire GUI, menus, and so forth. I suspect that if LabVIEW came out with a text based option for dataflow programming with support for their massive libraries, folks would abandon the graphical interface. Maybe graphical isn't always better. Maybe text is really the best way to express programs after all. We could wait for programming to become "intuitive," or learn to develop our intuitions. An anecdote about graphical systems. When I read tutorials for Windows, it's usually a lot of text interspersed with pictures of windows and dialogs. Even videos. Walking someone through a process over the phone is excruciating. The same process using Linux: Open the terminal and enter this text. In fact, Windows tutorials are starting to use: Press the start button and enter some text. I find the device manager by entering "device manager" into the start button menu, not by following an "intuitive" GUI. I have a desktop PC, a notebook, a tablet, and a phone. All four of them were getting long of tooth -- an inevitability given the rapid pace of obsolescence. Which one did I upgrade, and why? My phone, for two reasons: 1. I needed to upgrade my phone in order to sign up with a new provider of phone service. None of the other devices are tethered to a single (invariably evil) service provider for mainstream use. 2. Inefficiency and obsolescence such as sluggish performance carried the highest price on the phone, because my need for the phone occurs in awkward situations such as getting from A to B in my car, or deciding which product to buy in the store. If these are widespread patterns, then the result will be that the slickest, newest computers in the typical household will be phones. Nice. And accurate too. I got the same score as on the Android version. 0 points. Bookmarked, to take a look at what HTML5 looks like. In my observation, engineers tend to forget their math and physics pretty quickly after getting out of school. Many are proud of it. Most of the work of an entry level engineer is CAD, troubleshooting, and bureaucracy. As a musician and a scientist, I wonder if music and art are better analogies than science? And what if we had the luxury to teach some things in school just because they're interesting and fun? Isn't that why most of us learned programming? When kids learn music, they typically start out by playing an instrument, or singing. Teachers are comfortable letting theory be taught later, if ever. Even the dilemma of what programming language to teach is analogous to what instrument a kid will choose. In my view a reason to teach sorting is simply that it provides a set of relatively simple cases for studying things like execution speed and storage requirements. According to legend, this was done at Wayne State University in Detroit. As a bike commuter, I look at those areas marked in green as places where I can escape to if I get cut off, or where I can let a car overtake me. In fact, the narrowing of roadways due to piled up snow is one of the main dangers of winter cycling. I've committed plenty of indentation bugs in Python. But I've also committed bugs due to putting something on the wrong side of a closing brace. Thanks for the comment. I agree that tools go obsolete quickly. But it occurs to me that debugging is both a set of tools but also a knack. I'm curious what you think about how to teach the knack. If every professor feels compelled to thwart the admissions policies by failing an inordinate number of students, either the university should re-think its admissions policies, or the professors should find other work.