I've played gloomhaven on it a few times. There's a plug-in that sets everything up for each scenario. It's not quite as easy as in person gloomhaven+gloomhaven helper, but it's pretty close "But its findings were wrong. Very wrong. And not just due to its questionable ethics or lack of concrete data — but because of deceit." https://www.vox.com/2018/6/13/17449118/stanford-prison-exper... The US isn't a democracy. Check the results of the 2016 election if you don't believe me.... You won't do any better than that. I think you've peaked. Interesting. From your link: Although few details of his life are known, he is regarded as one of the leading scientists in classical antiquity. This is what hysteria looks like. What a stupid fucking century. By 2016, we knew "Now they’re almost gone." was wrong.kinda hard to read the rest when the starting thesis is wrong. (I had no idea the British pronounced "pews" and "poos" identically, btw. Presidente for Life Xi must be horrified.) You only say that because you are desperate to believe there's more to politics than a villainous will to power Did i misread the article? It seems it only counts assembly workers. Shouldnt the costs for sales and marketing, management layers, store janitors, etc. also be included in variable capitol and the stores and buildings housing them in constant capitol (pro rata) Something has to be defamatory and expressed orally for it to be slander. Apparently, all the labeling should have been around libel. I am having trouble adjusting to a reality in which I am the first to express this quibble. https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/libel-vs-slander-dif... I went with a 90-year-old. Our wait was in a car with a nurse nearby. It also comes from Parkinson's Law: give a full-time employee only one thing to do and it will become a full time job, even if it could be done more expeditiously. It also comes from systems. They function to expand themselves, not to serve the purpose for which they were created. Some people can rid themselves of type 2 diabetes by losing weight, and obesity is a known risk factor for getting it in the first place. The tree-based approach works better with paper documents Or not. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_inversion#:~:text=The%20... . "Up until this point in history, the stock market has never been negative over the course of a ten-year timespan" that's true if you ignore inflation. In real dollar terms, accounting for inflation, you have to wait nearly 20 years--but only 4 times in the last 140 years. https://www.multpl.com/inflation-adjusted-s-p-500 It would get there quick enough in the United States if it followed the trajectory of their income tax Oh the horses of Szegad! That the series of their surety converges to 99.9%? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Almost_convergent_sequence My grasp of this advanced math relinquished long ago so I'm still not sure what it means. Lies, damn lies, ... It's not as bad as that graph makes it look. Last April, all the money that was in savings and money market accounts seemingly got transferred to the m1. "...the modification of Regulation D in late April has effectively rendered savings accounts almost indistinguishable from checking accounts from the perspective of depositors and banks. Accordingly, the composition of M2 between M1 and non-M1 components conveys little economic information." https://fredblog.stlouisfed.org/2021/01/whats-behind-the-rec... I imagine the temperature probably doesn't vary enough for a 1k household size area to allow for only 75% turning on the AC when it hits 32C I'm confused about the use of gender. Does it mean chromosome? Xx, xy, xxy,? Or how one socializes? We shouldn't separate by gender (which is irrelevant for sport performance using the "identify as" definition), but should simply use testosterone level: low, medium, high, based on highest level tested. It is really humid in Houston so 78F without some form of cooling is pretty uncomfortable. Plus, I bet they're used to keeping it at 70... Similar? https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.08.06.21261707v... There are few things more hurtful than someone telling you they prefer the company of Canadians. "As as for poetry, this is my argument for UBI. Go for it, IMO, poetry has societal value." I am a poet on the dole. I tell you, it is good for the soul. I forego prosody for perspicacity, smoke your weed and blow profundity. You could be me if you dared. Give poet your tax money, you declared. Case in point: On Jan 6, NPR published an article with a 10AM headline and timestamp about the upcoming Trump rally. Later in the day, they changed the headline to be something like "Insurgents invade Capital building", but did not change the 10AM timestamp up top. One had to read the article to find the update timestamp. Newsmaxx, and thus many if its viewers looked at the headline and headline timestamp and trumpeted "how did they know?! It's a conspiracy!" I had to look into the wayback machine to see the original headline to show to a relative who'd bought the Newsmaxx narrative. I'm not sure they totally believed or even understood what I was telling them, but I am certain it raised some doubt. All of that would was unnecessary, if only NPR had done proper change management on its articles. Are you thinking of the Hospital in Houston that fired staff for not getting vaccinated? Shouldn't have been to remove that army from the country of Korea? "proves" --that word doesn't mean what you think it means. The authors apparently didn't know about sturgeon's law Inflation used to include house prices until the 1980s where they wanted to quell inflation. An easy way to do it was to change the definition. Now, it includes something called owner equivalent rent, to include both rent and owning a house. The intent is to include a house prices in inflation indirectly. As a recent measure, https://calculatedrisk.substack.com/p/measuring-rents I thought it was a cute intentional typo Why specify non-currency? Doesn't Bitcoin provide a more convenient/less expensive way to send money between countries (or both). Those are pretty powerful uses. (I don't know money laundering and drug dealing are still more convenient in Bitcoin) "I married you for better or worse but not for lunch" Not sure who said it first. Small federal government. For some reason (1), small State government seems to be a entirely different concept. (1)I'm guessing the bribe money is better that way The first version I heard was maths professors becoming plumbers Monogamous for whom? Muslims hardly revere monogamy, though they draw the line at tetragamy for most. Sigh. I thought this would be about hair styles. Like Orlando. "Scientists who search for Planet Nine estimate that its mass is several times bigger than Earth’s... " So no. It won't be a dwarf planet. Almost all LPs were designed to be played in random order to the extent that the technology allowed. Anybody who's ever looked at LPs notices that there are smooth orbits between songs. That's so you can pick up the needle and move it to whatever song you want to. That does not mean that artists don't want you to listen to songs in order, but it also means that you can just listen to the song you want when you want. In the CD era, it meant that you didn't have to listen to 12 tracks of dross to get to the one good song the artist put on the album to sell it. I bet they had a big stack of 45s! Them: "I will only need 20 minutes for this. " Me: "I only need a few seconds. Either you are more perceptive than anyone else I've ever met or you or as arrogant as anyone I've met. Either way I'm not a good fit. Thank-you and good luck in your search!" IIRC, the facts have shown MBTI to be hokum Since education in the classics is nearly non-existent: https://youtu.be/kx_G2a2hL6U "Remember what punishments befell us in this world when we ourselves did not cherish learning nor transmit it to other men." "promote equity, inclusion, electrification," EIE is not enough; we demand DIE: " deuterium, inclusion, electrification"! I often get more out of the comments here than I do the article. I am grateful for HN, and you, though I do have other sources. My stomach turned at the euphemisms for assault with a deadly virus. I guess it's along the lines of minor attracted person. Ironical that a story touting how a miracle product was given away for free is not itself free. Value changes over time, sometimes quickly, sometimes slowly, but the value of a thing or service is not constant. There is a remedy, of course, but you may not appreciate the side-effects Firefox and brave worked fine for me on my phone. Maybe you're the victim of a bad device? Any thoughts on the color selection? Maybe the author could read Bertrand Russell's thoughts on motivation. Rivalry is a good, but not the best, motivator... I got chills when I read about the protagonist being too fearful of the wrath of the mob to publish his theory until after he got tenure. Reminded me of the quip that science advances one gravestone at a time. Glad someone caught it :) My preferred pronoun is "the majestic one with no time for the nonsense of gendered pronouns". It cannot be combined in a plural; I stand alone. "Autistic individuals are, on average, more consistent, less biased, and more rational than non-autistic individuals in a variety of contexts. (We use identity-first language, eg, ‘Autistic people’, as it is preferred by many people on the autism spectrum.)" Hmmm. What are they implying by that parenthetical comment placement? What would be even less fun in many places is to do the same thing with the cost of having someone else pump the gas for you. Citations? (I recall reading an article claiming this is what happened to the middle class about a decade ago, but I don't remember where or how trustworthy. It's hard to reconcile with the real lack of increase in real wages.) "shirt sleeves to shirt sleeves in three generations" All fluff, no stuff "ol' seven fingers" means "son, go to college." I'm pretty sure all non-profits are in the business of obtaining money. The most extrapunitive, other-blaming, people I know are sociopaths so I'm going with the latter explanation. Why not Autonomy, Mastery, Purpose? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drive:_The_Surprising_Truth_... How things have changed! Didn't we just see a white guy display as a black lesbian to get job offers? The author lost me at the capital T. "Focusing on weight—or health behaviors—puts the burden on the individual, deflecting attention from the more pernicious problem: systemic injustice." Sounds like when I was a kid and said "the devil made me do it". Taking responsibility for our (in)actions is a necessary prerequisite for being an adult. Some data points: the FIRE movement. How many people have quit working as soon as they are able? It is essentially the same question and the answer appears to be quite a few, with a few odd people who are unable to do nothing. My Kenmores from 1990 are still going strong. 2013 is still infancy. Or if they also added all the territories and extreme rendition sites! I think it's the natural consequence of several generations of telling kids their special and not curbing a child's natural self-centeredness. The comment above this is from CS Lewis. The contrast in morality is pungent. Are you referring to the qualified cis bipoc male who is being redlined? Sex vs gender is a legit disambiguation. Based on the recent post of a guy who said he represented as a black lesbian woman on his resume to get a job, verification is also legit. (There was also a recent study that said that 30% of Whites misrepresented their race on their college application.) I took the letter words from the enable2k word list, and calculated the letter frequency. It is not the same as it is for all English words. Doing a similar analysis on the enable2k word list comes up with a slightly different order: s e a o r i l t n d And with the actual word list from the game, e a r o t l i s n c "*years ago when I was young and foolish about surveillance" So I guess now they is just foolish? Like tobacco, sugar, whisky, and caffeine, brussel sprouts, cod liver oil, ... You're saying Gemini is the Judean People's Front? A difference without a distinction? It's a crime to vote in many countries without an id. From the paper We show that there exists a constant α = 1.942±3×10−3 such that Q(n) = ((1 ± o(1))ne^−α)^n Dunno what o(1) is. The human is not to scale if that's the Webb telescope. My 3a xl battery is at 91% design capacity(1), 3385 mAh, and is still utterly sufficient and far better than any other phone I've had. Hardly death's door... (1)As measured by Accubattery just now Nah. That's merely good work. STS-107-Space Shuttle Columbia, that's checkmate. As do scuba divers My brother is a dyslexic programmer and I had a coworker who was also for several years. They didn't have much trouble with code, but reading specs was a pain. I learned shorter sentences and more whitespace between them helped. And, of course, brevity. Have you seen the price of timber lately? (I know a family that opened a concrete plant in 2016. They are now multimillionaires whereas before they were scrambling to keep afloat) Mostly a vacation is not completely a vacation! How are the activities you listed a meta game instead of just a regular game with no Greek prefix? Thanks. I thought the game was ego satisfaction. 6.5 m across 5 hexes. The human is maybe 1.25 hexes tall. About 1.6m or 5'3". That's a dry short adult human. In summary: racism and slavery aren't the answers to all historical questions. Iirc, most of the immigrants of the 1800s came from northern Europe. Most will be happier with a similar climate. The growth of the South East didn't really take hold until air conditioning was popularized in the 1950s. Racism is endemic throughout North America (especially if you consider indigenous/native, or Irish a race). Slavery enabled larger farms in the inhospitable climate of the southeast and caribbean, but the existence of slavery there did not magically suppress immigration, the climate and subsequent economy did. I would guess based on what little I know of human history that it's a human trait but the response bwas focused on immigration to the US Given the large protests against desegregation in schools in Boston Mass, the formation of ethnic gangs in NYC, etc. I'd say you are very wrong. Your link is to episode #835 which I didn't see in the removed list. When someone in the 46% get a phone and want to get rail tickets, should they be have to crawl to the station and pay by cash because not everyone can use the phone app or afford crutches? TL;DR: That voice in your head saying gimme sugar? It's coming from your gut. Now for some ice cream. We are taught not to assail someone's feelings. It's much easier to criticize someone's conclusions. At least, that what I feel. The reason for shotgun houses in New Orleans is that the French property tax was created in the age of reason: The primary cost of the property to the govt was linear road length (later sewer, water, electrical, gas, postal, etc.) so that's how they were taxed (yes, there are other reasons for the architecture, but taxes drives a lot) Some study that came out a few years ago showed that cities lose money on the richer properties but recoup it in the denser, poorer areas. Not very reasonable. TL;DR: Most psych research results are garbage. Some make millions for the authors. Here's yet another example. Rules for thee... It was a Samsung patent. Only the document was hosted by Google Just thank them for the time but you have selected another position. Don't explain unless they hire you as a management coach. Is your anger petty and spoiled? In absolute terms, yes, obviously. E.g., I regularly saw a guy working at a rental car desk and commented on his always sunny disposition. He said he came to the country* with the promise of an IT job but it was a lie. Now, he can't get out and his boss told him to always smile or he'd be jobless (and thus homeless with a high likelihood of starvation). Are you Spoiled, Petty? Yes, but many of us are. Doesn't mean you should take the job. Just be grateful for your circumstances. *I won't divulge the country. Don't bother guessing. It's not the *ism, it's the people. Iirc, lots of paper money was only as good as the company that printed it The demographic data, which you can pretty easily look up, is pretty clear on that. Women started joining the workforce dramatically in the '70s. What happened in the '90s was the death of manufacturing. One thing to remember when looking at manufacturing capacity in the United States is that it's somewhat skewed. For instance, when a CPU doubled its speed, the US government decided that we had doubled our manufacturing capacity. I don't know what other interesting if you points have skewed the data. I call Bull... Non replicability on this one. Maybe half the guys have heard or seen femtosecond, but I don't believe if you polled a random sampling of men that they would know off the top of their head what its actual duration is. Died in Feb 1994 Inflation is great for people and companies with fixed rate debt. I'm sure that the prospect of increasing personal and corporate wealth has nothing to do with the motivations for wanting more inflation though. Certainly an unusual number of incredibly fit Football players (>1), and an incredibly number (0) of American Football players. IMO, Carter is the 2nd best ex-President of the United States. (Washington is 1st because he was the first ex-President) What he said was: get rid of the people who are not interested in making the Firefox browser better. Get rid of the distractions. Focus on the browser. Well, die is the singular. USD 300 million more in aid is hardly just sanctions. Even Germany is sending munitions now They had them, but gave them up for certain assurances iirc I love all the racism/ethnicism. Anglo-Saxons vs Russians. Geez. To Whoopi, it's just white folk killing each other. How are we here in the 21st Century? A big difference is that by and large, Ukraine has won the narrative. There are no "Ukrainian artillery: go fuck yourself" stories. There's also no barely veiled threats by the US that we would nuke Iraq or Afghanistan etc. nor drop the ISS on them. Or to remove the democratic government... Easily avoided the reconstitution of Mother Russia? How? By killing Putin? Not so easy, I think. To put this in perspective: how many million pounds are you pledging? (I'd be surprised if arms dealers base their pricing off your net worth) Wouldn't it be easier just to not buy an oven that requires this if you don't want it? And if there are people who want to by the oven, why not deign to let them? At best, we should require that there be clear labeling and I would be surprised if there aren't regulations that cover that. 80? It has been about that long since the last official declaration of war by the United States, however... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/58/US... The FBI, the guardian the we need to be guarded from. Your point of view might have some merit to it if there a basis in fact. Do you dispute the author's claim "On Wednesday night [March 2], Spotify announced that it is closing its Moscow office"? The author apparently doesn't know that there's a high speed train that's going to refuel at that station. Whoopi, is that you? [flagged] I tried that with ice cream. I gained 10 kilos. I guess it might have been 11 without all the exercise... 5th? There seems to be some information missing in the title. Maybe not a massive amount. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_states_of_matter What do you think he's been trying to do since the war started? Play footsie? "Old folks don't want change ". Maybe. I bet they want more craftsman and fewer kids in a life indentureship for careers they don't want Steven Brust has one of his characters claim that the aggressors are the ones who defend against an attack, since they are the ones stopping an action. Of course, that only makes sense if you're a sociopath, as his character was. Better than @when... https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/grammar/british-grammar/... "though it seems kinda pointless just wasting human lives and resources for some pride and borders on paper" Is that your position for all national borders, or just the one between Ukraine and Russia? Likewise, do you believe that statement holds for all time, or do you believe it true only for specific periods in time (if so, which periods)? Don't forget the ease of accessing vans. American Integrity Act That might be the funniest comment so far :-) The House undoubtedly will opt to keep standard time permanent. The committee negotiating a unified bill will settle for a compromise of keeping standard time for 8 months of the year and daylight savings time for 4 months of the year on odd years and reversing the proportion during even years. There will be intense discussion about whether to do anything special for leap years. After several months of back and forth, someone will point out that there are also leap seconds and leap microseconds, leading to further debate. The bill will lapse. There's a lot of pushback on your answer to my question already and I'm going to add my own: I think you should travel more, if possible. I believe you will see significant differences in the way that national governments treat their people in different regions of the earth. In some places, you cannot insult government members. In some countries, you cannot insult a religious figure. In some countries, you cannot do the same things that other people do because of your race, sex, or sexual orientation. By "cannot" , I mean "face execution or life imprisonment". And that is only based upon what I know going on currently. If you go back historically, things do get much more diverse. Predicting a response that these sorts of things only happen in extreme countries, my reply is that if there were no national borders other than the atmosphere, the leaders of that region would be the most ruthless and ambitious on the planet. I do not have fond hopes that they would somehow also be simultaneously the most compassionate and altruistic. Most great men are not good men. Or as someone put it: Power does not corrupt--it reveals. Seems like a particularly USA-centric viewpoint. Canada is part of America too, and that's where the van was used. The disparity in lower body strength isn't as great between men and women, and professionals can train much better for distance running than someone still in high school. Even a dolt could see how misaligned with national interests the German energy policy is. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/why-were-un-diplomats-laughing-... "Focused on the inside story at the nexus of Hollywood, Wall Street, Washington, and Silicon Valley." Focused on the inside story at the nexus of people who can't have enough attention, money, power, and fps. Can't say that it appeals. It was Fred Brooks, not Confucius who said that, but I think you got the date right. Something doesn't add up: " ...attempted to reproduce the 74 results. Statistically significant evidence for repeatability was found for 43 papers, meaning that the results were replicable under identical conditions; and significant evidence for reproducibility or robustness was found in 22 papers, meaning the results were replicable by different scientists under similar conditions. In two cases, the automation made serendipitous discoveries. While only 22 out of 74 papers were found to be reproducible in this experiment,... " Shouldn't that be 9 were NOT reproducible since 65 we're reproducible? Or does "results were replicable" mean something other than reproducible? "There is also evidence that men at all ages are less likely to seek medical care and less likely to comply with medical instructions than are women." Especially on the 0-1 year old group. Toxic masculinity starts in utero. (a) most people in the USA live in a region without adequate mass transit and thus needs cars to do useful things like keeping a job or shopping at the grocery store. (B) did the Wall Street journal article also talk about the effects of the chip shortage and the subsequent new car shortage that hit last summer? If not, it is willfully misleading. (C) another hint on where all that money went is the increase in fuel costs, rent costs, and food costs. The increased demand is exacerbated by the supply chain troubles including the decrease in US oil wells provoked by Biden's war on American-sourced fossil fuels. It's kinda funny they start off mentioning parking lots which are a problem generally mandated by city zoning regulations. I have a cartoon printed in the 1980s with the caption of "do I get partial credit?" Showing a similar bridge so I doubt it is real. Funny if it were! "For all its failures, democracy at least has taught us to incorporate the human imperfection into the process and the decisions." which is why all democracies defeated COVID with the three-week lockdown in which no one left home unless they had to and took proper precautions to ensure that they did not dare transmit any disease to anyone else No, I would say that modern democracies and enshrine human imperfections into the process in order to further the will to power that exists in those seeking office. It is part of the ancient tradition of persuasion that the Greeks used and appropriated by many other cultures because it seemed to work well: Ethos, pathos, logos. What you were enduring was the ethos part, where other people tout the credentials of the speaker so that you will be more likely to accept the The following propaganda. I find it ironic that the article points out that relying on error from humans to find errors is something of a hit or miss proposition and suggests that automating error finding is an appropriate course instead of making it less likely to make the error in the first place. For example, I wonder how many errors would have been found if the definition of a format string was the default? That is, how many times would people have written something like "hello {previously-defined-variable}" and not meant to substitute the value of that previously defined variable at runtime? Inflation hasn't gone down. You might get more if you buy between now and November. College isn't even a necessary condition to make those friendships. I don't find that a strained narrative at all. -- I once wrote a status report where I reported that I thought something would be a problem blocking my progress if it weren't resolved. My manager's status report said that there might be a issue. His managers report said everything was on track. -- If you don't think that the upper management got into hot water and then started paying a lot more attention to their on-site managers after the Union vote, you and I live in different worlds. Probably not. I really doubt that most people would give up a job in a satisfying office environment with people they truly enjoy working with on a product/project they are excited to work on everyday simply because of they are told they have to go in and meet those people they really groove with three times a week. It is almost literally pedophilia, the love of children--but I'm really commenting on the shortfall of English which uses love for many different feelings. Try to ask that question without using words stolen from Greek or Latin but still incomprehensible English. That is a late 20th century phenomenon. If you go back into the 1800s and earlier, it was pretty common for a college kids to spend a lot of time learning to translate ancient Greek texts. 2 interesting and good reads are the cyropedia and the anabasis, both by xenophon, and neither portraying the Persians in a negative light. Perhaps finding or building an Anki deck on how to improve memory Will improve your memory? I know some students in medical school, and they swear by Anki to learn all the data they have to learn. It seems to be the simplest explanation of what he wrote "Our overheads have exceeded our earnings for some time" You and I have a different idea of what " pretty well" means, unless I missed something. Just talked with someone in the concrete business. There is a national shortage of Portland cement (imports restricted, new plants regulated out) and high quality flyash (these people got it from a place that used to ash from coal burning). That can't help house prices... Paradox, or just pointing out human inability to multiply? Driving rates higher won't cool inflation except by raising prices - which is inflation. They want to stifle the demand so as to match supply better, but when it's a supply shock and the United States is short something like 3 million houses, it seems a fairly punitive and misguided way to approach solving the problem. This study was funded by the people who make theracumin. Were the other ones as well? I wouldn't expect the boost in patients who were not in a study funded by theracumin It is an entirely unreasonable goal if your stakeholders are the citizens of the country for which you are manipulating the economy. You should want high wages and productive workers, domestic production to help ensure fewer supply shocks from an unstable international environment, etc Do you mean that you're incredibly past careing about arbitrary constraints on someone's ability to solve a problem? If there is a policeman, the onus of enforcement lies on the policeman. The teacher plays this role by giving a grade. Any teacher that allows cheating is encouraging it. Paid for advertising maybe? I think that is the author's point, that a closed system makes it impossible. You need the wealth from outside sources to fund the debt to fund the spending. Also, at some point, there is some production that is not just shuffling existing assets around. "State funding for higher education has declined by roughly a quarter, to $7,152 per student enrolled in a public two- or four-year school in 2015, down from $9,489 per student in 1987." The article is not in disagreement with the thought that Free Federal Money displaces other sources. Also, the article does not show why tuition has risen 1200% instead of 30%. Why intellectual? It seems more political to me (both in the sense of wanting to change policy and wanting to acquire power) And more gasoline is produced. I came here to say this. When I haven't had enough money, I have lived on a budget. If the author is trying to say that self-destructive behavior can show up in many forms, then sure. But if you take responsibility for your own decisions, you should spend less than you earn and eat less than you can (unless you're in the most extreme case for which government welfare is your lifeline) It is certainly a cultural trait. So many people conflate physiological race with sociological culture that it's an impossible conversation. It is not something you do by budgeting alone, but it is certainly something you do by spending less than you earn. Like dieting, if you consume more than you produce, you are going to be in trouble. The article is a great salve for people who don't want to stop the ice cream... "most of the time". Is there any evidence that 50%+ of overweight people are that way because they consume too little or just enough? Or, instead, would you find just the opposite? And that overweight people grossly underestimate the number of calories they consume... Only if you believe rates will go higher and that you can take advantage of those higher rates. For example, Having assets on a fixed loan of 3% when you can get a CD of similar duration for 3.5% means you are making money by owing those assets and owing that loan. It is why deflation is such anathema to the financial industry. They don't want anyone but themselves to benefit from financial conditions. Did Taylor consider quantitative easing and tightening? The shadow funds rate messes with these numbers quite a bit Or is it the ought-is, the opposite? Any article that claims the Fed has the tools to address supply troubles is too shallow to believe. Any article that talks about the Fed's response without talking about Powell's reconfirmation is really not worth reading. Once his job was secure, inflation was priority and he set out to destroy demand to reduce wages and the ease the burden on the broken supply chain that he no tools to fix. That is the third leg of inflation. It is fairly well known that one of the predictors of future inflation is the belief in it - - a self-fulfilling prophecy. The Fed does not have any tools to address businesses who take advantage of people believing that the prices should be higher to raise their price and in the short term their profit. The fed has one Cannon to use, reduce or expand the money supply, and it only hits one of the three sources for inflation I don't know the exact numbers but it is still fairly large. They just started cutting back June 1, which does have an effect on what it believe is known as the shadow funds rate I never said anything about something being the exclusivity of middle-class white Americans. In fact, I was thinking more of the South Korean who told me that it was common for the man to save up enough money to buy his condo before he moved out of his parents home The rising gasoline prices started well before the Russian war. They started almost immediately after we inaugurated a president who said he would shut down fracking, and followed through to the best of his ability. NASA could have gotten the price down to whatever the lockheed's is now. Or should I say up? Add to that: inflation was transitory last year and this year up until Powell secured his reconfirmation. Then it became a problem. Edit to add: I self-identify as a boomer because I have an old and selfish soul. It's psychology and sociology. It is dubious science at best. No additional specific examples are needed. (Of course, we may differ on what makes science good science. For me, the ability to repeat an experimental result is essential to good science. Profiting from the results of your research generally seems to lead to bad science) An insult must be both thrown and caught. If you refuse to catch the insult, you refuse to be insulted. Calling it a jerk flag is a great way to take over the transaction. That is in no way a microaggression. It is big, and completely illegal nowadays. (Not that prohibition is 100% effective) I was hoping for a ... sketch You could have captured more of the inflation in fuel prices by saying "If Biden had not campaigned on stopping US oil production"... Any article on inflation that leaves off consumer expectations of inflation as a source of it isn't really serious about the topic. Maybe it's art? By not having the text flow, you give up on reading the nonsense earlier, and thus your browsing experience is more enjoyable!