Do what WordPress.com does - only show ads to people who come in from search engines AND don't have a "I've been to WordPress.com before" cookie. That way your regular users will never see an ad, but the people most likely to click on ads (external visitors in "search mode") will. Make sure your regulars know that this is going on though, or they may feel you are being dishonest with them. My impression was that they moved to asp.net when they were having scaling problems and Microsoft promised them free consulting to solve those problems... provided they switched to .NET. For me it's all down to philosophy. Prototype adds a bunch of global variables and extends loads of built-in ojbects. That's fine, unless you ever want to include code that has a different idea about how any of those extensionss should work (like mooTools, which I also avoid on philosophical grounds). jQuery adds just one global variable (called jQuery) along with a revertible alias (the $ symbol). That pretty much guarantees jQuery will work flawlessly with any other code. Read Cal Henderson's book "Building Scalable Web Sites". The JavaScript you described exists - it's called dojox.comet, and it looks like this: dojox.cometd.init(' http://example.com/cometd' ); dojox.cometd.subscribe('/channel', callback); That's basically what you described, but with the additional concept of "channels" to make it easy to support lots of different event streams. I wrote more about this here: http://simonwillison.net/2007/Dec/5/comet/ I disagree: just like Ajax, Comet is a very necessary buzzword. The technology behind Comet existed for years before the term "Comet" was coined, but very few developers were aware of it because there wasn't a good term for it. The same is true of Ajax. In fact, Comet was coined precisely because the term "Ajax" had had such a large influence on adoption of the underlying technology. Vocabulary is important. I've implemented it, and I use it on a handful of sites that support it (various blogs, Highrise, BlinkSale). Looks nice. Dumb feature request: how about custom subdomains? http://subject.linkherd.com/ suggests more of a standalone community than linkherd.com/subject . I've used wildcard DNS for this kind of thing in the past (e.g. simon.idproxy.net ) OpenID support would be nice too ;) Having links like /django/78/up/ is a CSRF attack just waiting to happen - you should turn them in to POST forms (preferably with some unobtrusive Ajax) and add a form key to prevent people from tricking other logged in users in to up-voting stories. Form tokens are more robust - some people strip referrers (sometimes even at the firewall level) to prevent information leakage from their corporate intranets. "Didn't seem very modular, you can only use the Django ORM and templating engine." Very common misunderstanding. You can use Django with SQLAlchemy (I have done in the past). You can use Django with Genshi, or Cheetah, or whatever template engine you like (I would strongly recommend using something like Genshi for outputting XML). It's usually better to stick with the Django ORM though as it will let you use many of the excellent extension applications for Django (such as django-mptt, django-tagging or the Django admin package). The same is not true for the Django template system - replacing it with something else has no disadvantages at all that I can think of. "Just because it's included doesn't mean you have to use it" sounds like a pretty good argument to me. The Python standard library has hundreds of modules that most people never touch, but no one complains that it's too heavyweight. Django tries to take the same "batteries included" philosophy. Where do you live? I know plenty of places in the UK (especially London) that are hiring... Client-side encryption wouldn't protect you against that site turning evil and deciding to steal your passwords - they'd just have to change their code to decrypt your passwords and then post them back to the server. I don't see your point. If I steal the password for your e-mail somehow, I can access your inbox (through webmail or POP or whatever) and then use "I forgot my password" on sites you use to steal your accounts there. If you use webmail and don't delete your e-mail I can search through your inbox to figure out what those sites are. Seems like a pretty serious single point of failure to me. OpenID is not a replacement for your users table. The first time someone logs in with an OpenID you haven't seen before, there's nothing to stop you from asking them for their e-mail address (you can even send them a challenge e-mail if you want to be sure). All OpenID really does is provides your users with an alternative to setting up Yet Another username and password just for your site. It also lets people opt-in to correlate their accounts across multiple services, which is useful for both you and for them. If OpenID meant giving up the user database (the crown jewels of any site) it wouldn't have a chance of being adopted by anyone. jQuery. I don't need classes and inheritance (I use closures for pretty much everything you would use a class for, and on the occasions that I do need either classes or inheritance it really isn't that much trouble to roll them from scratch) and philosophically I much prefer jQuery's approach of only adding one global symbol to my namespace v.s. Prototype adding global symbols all over the place. This isn't new - it's probably Wikipedia's best kept secret though. It first got saved to del.icio.us in November 2006: http://del.icio.us/url/08d335d4c1d2f491cc70e1bf61e5d880 My least favourite phrase in the English language has to be "they must have too much time on their hands" in response to something creative but niche (re-creating Star Wars in animated ASCII art, for example). My usual response these days is "at least they weren't just watching TV". Extension-less URLs are great, but I'm not a fan of content negotiation. I like to be able to copy and paste a URL to someone and know that they are going to retrieve the same piece of content as I did. I don't like language negotiation for the same reason - if someone finds a typo on my French language site and sends me a link to the page but I see it in English I won't know what they're talking about. Seconded - really excellent podcast, also a great way of catching up on what's happened in the past week. That article says nothing of the sort - it says that the designers and IAs (who are presumably the people who build the site "templates") hand code their markup, but it makes no claims about the content producers who are actually posting up stories on a day-to-day basis. They certainly use a CMS, but there's no indication of whether they author in HTML, use some kind of WYSIWYG interface or use some other form of markup. In my experience, the thing people have most trouble with using Subversion is moving directories around. They expect to be able to open up the Finder (on OS X) and drag a folder somewhere else - but doing so without using "svn move" results in massive confusion later on as the hidden .svn directory gets moved at the same time, breaking things. Many (all?) distributed systems solve this issue by keeping repository metadata in one place at the root of the project rather than spreading it around in lots of .svn folders. Twitter has been mostly not Rails for a very long time. You can't build a service like Twitter on top of a traditional relational database stack, so much of their infrastructure is based around custom message queue stuff. Oddly enough Django was actually originally written as an easy abstraction layer around mod_python - partly so we didn't have to work with the low-leveal mod_python constructs, but mostly because back in 2003 we weren't 100% sure mod_python would work for us, and having an abstraction layer would make it easy to move to something else if we needed to (this was before WSGI as well). It's a significantly better programming language; I don't think you'll be able to find anyone who knows both PHP and Python and will disagree with that statement. PHP is a very simple language with built-in features for web application development. Python is an advanced, multi-paradigm general purpose language that has evolved over more than a decade. Here are a few Python language features that I seriously miss when I'm working in PHP: - Modules and namespaces! This is the feature that initially drove me away from PHP. - List comprehensions (let you construct a new list based on an old list in a one-liner) - Built in iterator support (easy "for item in collection" support for many different types of collection) - First class functions and closures (so you can treat your functions as data) Those are just four off the top of my head. If you haven't looked at Python before (but already know how to program) I suggest taking a look at http://diveintopython.org/ which is a free online book. It's a fine backend language for a small to medium sized website, but you need to be aware that at a certain size (in terms of complexity of the application you are building) you'll often find yourself fighting against the language. That's not to say you can't build large applications in PHP, just that you need a great deal of discipline to do so. You'll either need to adopt one of the MVC frameworks (Symfony for example) or roll your own. A lot of the features in the framework you chose will be workarounds for limitations in PHP itself (such as its lack of decent namespacing and poorly designed database access primitives). No, but if you're using Python or Ruby at least you won't need framework features that work around problems with your core language. My point about using a framework wasn't to knock PHP; it was more a piece of advice - "if you do use it, you'll need to be aware of this". Quoting myself: "That's not to say you can't build large applications in PHP, just that you need a great deal of discipline to do so." I can't imagine there's a noticeable speed difference between the two, but .end() is more about avoiding code duplication than speeding things up. If you don't like it, you can use a variable instead: var entries = $('div.entry').css('border', '1px solid black'); entries.find('a').css('color', 'red'); entries.find('p').addClass('p-inside-entry'); I was initially pretty skeptical about chaining - I didn't find it easy to read, and I was worried that it would mean bugs in the middle of a chain were hard to spot. In practice I've found that these concerns were unfounded - chaining is perfectly readable once you get used to it (provided you don't go too crazy) and it's trivial to split a chain in to separate chunks if you need to debug it. jQuery maintains a stack of previously selected collections of elements and adds to it every time you call a method that modifies the current selection in some way; calling .end() simply pops the stack back to the previous stored collection. I haven't seen anything that says that's the library they use for Gmail - I got the impression it was a brand new library produced as part of the Doctype project (partly for educational purposes). Got a link to back that statement up? That site has one of the most misleading names on the Web - it has nothing to do with the W3C. That feature has been in Dojo for years - in fact I'd be very surprised if Google's implementation wasn't directly inspired by Dojo's. I think you missed the point of the comparison. One of the reasons C++ took off was that it was deliberately compatible with C (the dominant language at the time), so you didn't have to discard your existing C code and could ramp up from your existing skills. Likewise, today the dominant language is Java, and Scala compiles down to Java bytecode and allows you to continue to use your existing Java libraries. To my knowledge Erlang doesn't have these capabilities. Huge, epic fail. I work with some extremely smart developers. When ever a task involving SOAP comes up, faces drop around the room. RESTful APIs (be they XML or JSON, the latter often preferable) are far, far easier to consume. I don't have a link, but I remember hearing Jeff Barr from Amazon Web Services claim that the services they provided in both REST and SOAP saw an order of magnitude traffic to the REST interface. "SOAP stacks will automatically parse that 2-3 digit number into the correct data type for the platform/language you are using." JSON stacks not only do that, but they do it better because the set of available data structures in JSON is constrained to a sensible subset - you don't end up having to replicate complex classes in multiple different languages just to get a chunk of data from one place to another. Has anyone in the history of computing ever really taken advantage of the "transport layer agnostic" aspect of SOAP? I'd be a bit scared of using Erlang for crawling since the actual text processing capabilities of the language are pretty weak. Crawling seems like the kind of thing where you'd want a message queue style system (potentially written in Erlang) that co-ordinates plenty of individual crawling processes written in a language better suited for text handling. Some languages and platforms are designed with scalability in mind. Erlang forces you to write code in terms of message passing between shared-nothing processes, which means that when you need to scale to multiple cores / machines your code is already designed to do so. Google AppEngine severely restricts the kind of operations you can perform (no File I/O, a persistence engine that doesn't even support aggregate queries) which means that you are forced to design your application in a way that scales. http://djangogigs.com/ currently lists 90 jobs in the US and 34 in the UK. There's nothing new about depending on external parties - if your site hosts ads (or uses an external stats service) you're already running code hosted elsewhere, so you should probably be comfortable linking through to Google (I trust them a lot more than most ad networks). The question is always "do I trust this provider not to screw me over" - Google's developer network stuff HAS to be trustworthy or they'll lose the hearts and minds they've been cultivating overnight. As for your app becoming reliant on Google's version of the framework, you can always download the JS file they've been serving and host it yourself. You can't get locked in that way. I don't think you need an ETag if you're serving a Last-Modified. Aah I understand where you're coming from. I would be amazed if Google made changes to the libraries they are serving up (since it would undermine the entire concept of the hosting service). Because it massively violated user expectations of privacy on the web? Why doesn't it add security? It means the password isn't being transmitted in cleartext (it's using an irreversible hash). For the record, Yahoo! use that exact technique on their login page (though I'm not sure why as it's served over https). UPDATE: I see from a post further down that you're talking about re-writing the JavaScript in transit. Fair point. Yup. mod_wsgi is written by one of the core mod_python maintainers and is essentially a much more modern take on the whole problem of running Python code within Apache. It's powerful, flexible, easy to configure and it even works well with shared hosting (you can give each user their own process group which restarts when they "touch" a file in their home directory). I'm a total convert. "So digg was supposed to jump on this problem and not worry about anything else apparently." Quite frankly, yes they should. If you have an XSS hole in your web application your other user-facing security measures are worthless. If you're a social application of any sort it's even worse; you're just asking to be hit by a worm. XSS is a Big Deal. XSS holes also really easy to find, so if a security researcher spots one it's not unlikely that a Bad Guy will find them as well. Here's how to safely output a variable in PHP: Here's how to do the same thing in Django: {{ name }} That's the thing that bugs me most about PHP: it's not even a productive templating language! I personally think PHP it blurs the line between a language and framework. The "framework" part is the 20,000 builtin functions and the mechanism it provides for executing code as part of a dynamic web request. In any case, my intent wasn't to compare Django to PHP, it was to point out that PHP's default way of outputting things really does make it inconvenient to write secure code - hence answering the parent post that argued that poor security had nothing to do with the language used. See my reply here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=209259 You still need to do this: I've used this exact function in my own code, though I call it "h". Really sucks that we have to do this - not to mention that PHP's global namespace for functions means it's better to have long names that are more likely not to clash with third party code. You can't write code for redistribution like that though as most PHP installations have that option disabled since ti inteferes with XML processing instructions. jQuery is designed to work unobtrusively - it's easy to write applications using jQuery that still work with JavaScript disabled. GWT is a JavaScript black-hole. You simply can't create unobtrusive applications with it - your only option is to write two versions of your site, one using regular HTML and another using GWT. Also, some of us prefer writing JavaScript to writing Java. Crazy, I know. CSRF attacks are strong. I can write an attack that tries dozens of different potential combinations of URL and table names just as easily as I can attack one. Not to mention that many people use their web host's one-click install tool which always puts scripts like phpMyAdmin in the same place. The reason CSRF is scary is that it works against those defences. Again, CSRF defeats those defences. Nope, it's because Microsoft just don't care. Wikipedia has 2.5 million articles all in the same namespace and still manage to have nice URLs. It really doesn't take much effort to provide decent URLs for a very large corpus of information - but Microsoft clearly haven't even thought about the problem. Their URLs have always been disgracefully bad. That's kind of a loaded question since a reasonable definition of an enterprise CMS is "one that isn't very good". That said, Ellington (which I worked on a few years ago) is probably expensive enough that it can be considered "enterprise" and ships with nice URLs out of the box: http://www.ellingtoncms.com/ I didn't mean they don't care about their end users, I meant they don't care about their URLs. I think the links earlier in this thread are a perfect example of why this is useful. You can tell what you'll get when you click on the Yahoo! and Google ones, but the Microsoft one is totally opaque. Mozilla make tens of millions of dollars out of that Google search box every year. That's some expensive moral high ground you're asking for there! Philosophical question: would it be moral for Mozilla to cancel that deal and then have to lay off half of their staff? Out of interest, why would you suggest Prototype for "more advanced stuff"? I disagree. Achieving smooth animation without a library is extremely difficult. If you look at what the modern libraries actually do you'll see that they have two features which are tricky to implement from scratch: frame rate limiting and easing. Frame rate limiting means that if you are running lots of complex animations at once the libraries will drop frames to ensure that all animations complete in the allocated time. Easing gives you a pleasing speed-up / slow-down effect during your animation which makes them look far more natural. This is a fair amount more complicated than simple animations set up just using setTimeout. Of course, you can roll that stuff yourself - but why duplicate all of that effort? Also, DOM manipulation with the regular DOM is amazingly inconvenient when compared to manipulation using a library such as jQuery. The DOM is a pretty verbose API with a lot of weird quirks (removing a node: "theNode.parentNode.removeChild(theNode)") - jQuery provides a much more sensible API, which in turn means that I find myself using DOM manipulation a lot more since it isn't such a pain to do. Yahoo! have a great search API: http://developer.yahoo.com/search/ Google quietly re-introduced their search API a few months ago under the guise of the "Ajax Search API that doesn't require JavaScript" - it requires you to provide a referrer which is a bit weird, but it should work OK: http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/documentation/#fonje I think they ended up having to do that because of jQuery's chaining support. Most of jQuery's functionality lives in a single namespace (jQuery.fn) which means you can chain method calls together like this: jQuery('div:first').addClass('hello').text('Hello World').draggable().css('color', 'red'); If a plugin needs three or four methods, that's three or four extra functions on the one object - which ends up looking quite ugly: jQuery('blah').draggable({options}).destroyDraggable() The message passing idiom lets them add just one method to the jQuery.fn namespace that can cover a full range of different actions. I think it's a pretty clever pragmatic solution. One big difference is that both Prototype and mooTools make modifications to the built-in types (extra Array methods etc). jQuery (and Dojo and YUI) explicitly avoids doing this for compatibility reasons. It's no coincidence that mooTools and Prototype are the only two big libraries that can't co-exist on a single page. The interesting thing about jQuery is its focus - it almost exclusively works to improve the interaction between JavaScript and HTML. DOM manipulation is more convenient in jQuery than any other library, and the other library features build on top of that core ideal. mooTools and Prototype attempt to make improvements to the JavaScript language. jQuery tends to play along with the language - it supports a functional style of programming using lots of closures (while you can avoid them if you really want to I find jQuery code with closures flows really well). DHTML dropdowns need to be created using HTML markup - divs and spans would work, but an unordered list makes a bit more structural sense. You'll have to write code that creates an empty list, finds your select box, loops through all of the options within it, creates a list item with the same text in it as each of those options, appends the list item to the empty list and then appends that list in to the DOM. Then you can trigger an existing dropdown library against your newly created list (and remove the select box from the DOM). What's wrong with using innerHTML? It Depends. If you're doing something really simple where you know exactly what the HTML you're slotting in to the DOM is going to look like, go with AHAH - it's generally easier to generate HTML snippets on the server-side than the client-side due to JavaScript's poor support for multi-line strings. If you're likely to want to re-use the data service you're building in more than one place, go with JSON. The problem with an AHAH endpoint is that it can only be used for one thing - a JSON endpoint can easily be repurposed for other parts of your application. The only reason to bother with XML is if you're going to be doing HUGE transforms of e.g. a ton of data in to an HTML table, at which point you might want to use client-side XSLT for a speed boost. The vast majority of applications won't need that though, in which case JSON is far more convenient. They care about attention to detail. They obviously want their job applicants to care too. I always make a point of checking the preferred spelling of a company or product name when I write about them - probably because I worked at Yahoo! for a year and you really get the importance of that ! hammered in to you (I also have an easily mis-spelled surname). Twiki has the worst wiki markup of any wiki I've ever used. Avoid. The company I'm working with at the moment is using Confluence, which is reasonable. I'd much rather be using MediaWiki or Trac though. According to accessibility gurus that I know (proper ones who run real controlled tests with screen readers, not just random people who read blogs) using tables for form layout (as shown in that article) is bad, because screen readers have "forms mode" and "tables mode" and a form inside a table forces them to constantly toggle between the two, making it extremely hard to follow. That would be fantastic. The problem is that we're pretty much stuck with the screen readers we've got - even when the screen reader companies do release new versions (which they do painfully infrequently) most of their users stick with their current versions because the upgrades are so expensive. If you care about blind users (which you should; you're missing one of the great benefits of the Web if you don't) you need to cater to screen reader versions that are five or so years old! Apparently forms inside tables are bad for screenreader users because they have to constantly switch between "forms mode" and "tables mode" to navigate them. You'll still be able to do that. For when you absolutely, positively need to ensure no search engine ever sees any of your content. Changing your browser's font size breaks things in interesting ways as well due to the co-ordinate system being based on pixels. Guilty as charged. I apologise to asnyder for my negative tone; to his credit he's done a great job of answering the critics. The marketing of the product touched a nerve seeing as I'm part of a large movement of developers who embrace HTML and client-side development in general as disciplines that are worth investing significant effort in to. Yes. That's why XSS is such a serious security problem. And even if you can't steal cookies, you can still do nasty things like re-target the login form's action to point at your own server and hence steal people's passwords. If your client is confused by a salted hash, I certainly wouldn't trust them to keep their database secured. I imagine Inc. has a word limit on articles so they can fit them in the magazine. If so, there's not a lot Joel can do to keep his columns for Inc. as informative as the essays he publishes on his site without any length restriction. I'm guessing it's http://flickrslidr.com/ "This post is the latest in an ongoing series about how we harness the data we collect to improve our products and services for our users." - makes it look like a PR initiative to help counter arguments from privacy advocates that Google should be destroying or anonymizing their log files. Still an interesting read though. Any plans to support OpenID as well? The group behind this, the "Power of Information" taskforce, are trying to fix this. They need people to build things against the existing limited set of APIs that demonstrate how important this data is, so they can use that as an argument in getting better data made available under friendlier terms. Jesse Rudermann pointed out a nasty security concern on my blog: http://simonwillison.net/2008/Jul/4/quipt/#comments Basically, if you have a single page anywhere on your domain that doesn't run the script, a malicious site could load up window.name with something nasty and then send the user to that page - if they then followed a link to a page that did execute the script the malicious code would be executed as an XSS attack. Tools like BeautifulSoup (Python) and hpricot (Ruby) make processing HTML just as easy as processing XML. Any reason you don't support OpenID as well as username/passwords? It would eliminate a step from your already short signup process, and would support your goal of being "hassle-free". Surely this approach means it's impossible to discuss XSS attacks on a forum-style site running that filter? A decent server-side programming environment will provide protection against SQL injection by default - if you're using a database library that requires you to glue strings together and escape arguments manually, stop using that and use something that does safe parameter replacement (you can write a function to do that in about three lines of PHP, for example). XSS is pretty easy too - use a template mechanism that escapes all output by default. Django has thankfully been doing that for quite a while now; I think there are Rails plugins that will do it too. CSRF is the scary one, mainly because most developers still don't know what it is or how it works. Look it up online and spend some time implementing a decent mechanism for adding hidden tokens to your forms that are derived from your user's cookies. Django has CSRF middleware but it's a bit of a cludge; Rails has a pretty good solution for this as far as I know. Article would be improved by omission of tasteless stock photo. http://www.djangoproject.com/documentation/db-api/#retrievin... In Django, objects are retrieved from the ORM something like this: entries = Entry.objects.filter(published = True) Entry.objects is a "manager" - an object that knows how to implement operations across the overall set of objects. You can create custom managers if you want to add custom operations that can be run against all of the objects - for example, you might want to "Entry.published" to be a special manager that pre-filters your entries to the ones that have their published flag set. Agreed - what's wrong with following @ replies, or just using search.twitter.com ? So is this the new official site, or a better designed version with permission, or some dude's idea for a better site or what? http://git.or.cz/ is still up and doesn't link to http://git-scm.com/ Unfortunately there's a pretty nasty bug in that library - it creates a massive number of unnecessary global variables. I reported it a couple of months ago but I don't think the project is under active development: http://code.google.com/p/js-hotkeys/issues/detail?id=17 Actually I've heard of a number of Rails apps that are CPU bound rather than being IO bound, and that's with the database hosted on a separate server. It's a mistake to lump jQuery in with Prototype and MooTools as "doing things significantly differently and only sorta playing nice with each other". jQuery very deliberately avoids modifying built-in objects to ensure compatibility with other libraries and existing code. "First, let's write the following: Object.prototype.clone" Never, ever add things to Object.prototype. It breaks enumeration over objects using the for...in operator, which in turn breaks lots of other libraries you might want to use later. Sure, this is due to a bug in the core JavaScript spec but it's one we all have to live with. That's where the name came from, yes. No connection to Ze Frank otherwise. Considering upwards of 10% of all end-user machines connected to the internet are part of a botnet, probably never. Two good things and one bad thing. The good things are multi-line lambdas (which Ruby calls blocks) and loose syntax rules, which I found weird at first but is the secret behind all of that DSL stuff. The bad thing is the cultural tendency of the Ruby community towards monkey patching, which in my opinion trades long term maintainability for short term convenience. EveryBlock doesn't use GeoDjango. This is an attitude that we're very keen on discouraging - if you look at the schedule for DjangoCon we've deliberately included talks about Django's deficiencies: Cal Henderson on "Why I hate Django" and Mark Ramm on "A Turbogears guy on what Django should learn from Zope." I imagine part of the problem here is that most of the work on 1.0 is being done at in-person sprints. Anyone can attend these, but if you aren't there you miss out on the discussions about what's being worked on and what's ready to merge in to trunk. Because the work is being done in one place, there's less published communication about it on the mailing lists. The up-side of the sprints is that they're incredibly productive, as you can see by looking at the amount of high quality checkins they generate. Because it was on the http://code.djangoproject.com/wiki/VersionOneFeatures "maybe" list (as in it will go in to 1.0 if someone does the work to get it ready), and someone did the work to get it ready. As to how things got on that list, that's why Django has BDFLs. Someone has to make these decisions. If you wanted to influence those discussions, the time would have been several months ago on the django-developers list. If you want to influence future decisions, join that list and start arguing for them. You need to fix the bug where I can view other people's tasks just by changing the ID in the /task/show/ URL. You should also add a "send feedback" form so people can report this kind of bug in private! Google Checkout? Using a database proxy to defend against SQL injection reminds me of http://xkcd.com/463/ Hold down the power button and hit the button on the front once - you'll get a white flash and a screen shot will be saved to your photos folder. Watch the first ten minutes and see if you get hooked. If you can convince the third party site to adopt OAuth, do that. Otherwise, one technique you could use is to encrypt their password using a key derived from a hash of the password they enter. When they log in, set that hash as their cookie. Each time you need to use the third party password, read that cookie and use it to decrypt the stored password. Since you don't know their real password for your own app (as you only store a different hash of it), you won't be able to derive the hash used for the decryption process (note that this means you need to store a hash of their password for your own authentication using a different salt from the one you use to protect their encryption). With this technique, having access to your database is not enough to decrypt their third-party password. Unfortunately none of this resolves the root problem. Firstly, by asking users to trust you with their passwords for other sites you are teaching them to be phished. Secondly, if you turn evil (or someone evil acquires your site in some way) the server-side logic can be changed to steal the user's password. Another downside of this approach: should they change their password on your site, you'll have to ask them to re-enter the password for the 3rd party service. OpenID requires copy and paste? 1. For classic OpenID with subdomains, you end up typing simonw.myopenid.com instead of just simonw 2. For OpenID 2, you click the "Sign in with Yahoo!" button (assuming the site you are signing in to is targeting the mainstream and has decided to show a big shiny button instead of / in addition to the scary OpenID input field) Option 2 is the one you should get excited about if you're interested in "most people using computers". You don't even have to call it OpenID. But that's the beauty of OpenID - it allows you to keep your identity with the thing that you trust. One of the future developments I'm most excited about with respect to OpenID is the ability to run your OpenID server on your mobile phone. Phones can already run web servers, and with IPv6 they'll be able to have public facing direct internet addresses. Voila, your online identity lives in your pocket. The OpenID community is working on exactly that: http://eaut.org/ I'm very skeptical about the value of stripping HTML from user input - what if your site is a forum where people discuss HTML? Or a site where people might want to talk about the conference? http://www.headconference.com/ Stripping HTML on input also means you lose the ability to audit attempted attacks against your site. A much smarter strategy in my opinion is to escape everything on output. That way it doesn't matter what people submit to your site - unless you explicitly say "this is safe to display unescaped" in your templates harmful characters will be neutralised. Any suggestions for other things we could be doing? Can you give an example of an XSS attack that isn't prevented by auto-escaping (other than the UTF-7 one)? Gotcha, the HTML sanitization problem. Django doesn't even attempt to solve that, which is probably a bad idea since it inevitably means people will use the various insecure libraries that are out there on the 'net. The trouble is it's /really hard/ to do right - I'd be uncomfortable shipping a sanitizer with Django because I'd worry that some weird undocumented IE parsing error would allow nasty code to slip through and result in a 0-day exploit against the entire framework. Do a weekend project in Django and see how it works for you. It's certainly a good skill to have from an employment point of view - the Django job market has exploded over the past year, see http://www.djangogigs.com/ Therein lies the problem: there are no published rules. You only find out that you've broken them after you've completed development of your app and submitted it to the app store. Say goodbye to several months of your life. My experience with App Engine is that you have to think pretty hard about sharding and partitioning - the hierarchy part of the App Engine data store controls which bits of your data live in the same place, and hence what can be modified in a single transaction. If you're already serving your other assets from a separate domain (which is a very good idea - and if you use a separate domain rather than a subdomain you can be sure you won't have any cookies included in incoming HTTP requests, speeding things up even further) then it might be better to serve jQuery from your own asset server, to save the additional DNS lookup. Worth benchmarking, anyway. I'm still hoping someone will release a solid SVG renderer written in Flash or Flex. There are a few projects that are most of the way there, but it would be really neat to have a feature complete one for SVG Tiny which allowed you to reliably render SVG graphics in IE. Where can I find more information about Alchemy? "People no longer identify themselves by their email addresses, they do so by their social networking account, and he's right there." That's an argument FOR OpenID, not against it! If every social network has to invent their own sign in protocol, they have two choices: roll their own, or use OpenID. The smart ones will use OpenID. They're welcome to disguise it under a "log in with MySpace" button, but under the hood it makes sense to use the existing protocol with the pre-written libraries rather than invent something new from scratch. Actually if you generate a PDF off the official Django documentation it comes out as nearly 800 pages! http://blog.clintecker.com/post/66123727/django-1-0-2-docume... You can also add assertions to jQuery about the length of the chain: jQuery.fn.assertLength = function(i) { if (this.length != i) { throw "Expected " + i + " matching elements, selection was: " + this.get(); } return this; } If you're using jQuery 1.3 (with its new selector property), a better implementation might be: jQuery.fn.assertLength = function(i) { if (this.length != i) { throw "Expected " + i + " matching elements, got " + this.length + ", selector was: " + this.selector; } return this; } You can then introduce the assertLength method in to your chains like so: $('div#intro a').assertLength(3).click(...) If the number of matched elements doesn't match the expected, you get a descriptive exception raised which stops execution and shows up in the error console. Les Orchard (who used to work for delicious.com) has a good response to this article. Part of his argument is that Flickr is a really bad place to start a tag analysis, since people generally only tag their own stuff (the big win for tags comes when lots of people provide their personal tags for a single entity, meaning you can look at the data in aggregate). http://decafbad.com/blog/2009/01/18/tags-do-work-for-me-at-l... I really liked the explanation in this piece about how Bebo benefited from targeting old fashioned TV advertising agencies that other social networks completely ignored. Because I don't want the developers of your site to be able to find out the password I also use on other sites. More details on the additional features over Starling (big queues, blocking fetches, reliable fetch) are over here: http://robey.lag.net/2008/11/27/scarling-to-kestrel.html How do hash joins help with sharding? Surely once you go above a certain number of writes per second you're going to need to have more than one writable database server, at which point you need to start partitioning and better join algorithms aren't going to do anything to help. Which commercial database? Any idea which web scale applications are using it, and why the other ones aren't? You should use mod_rewrite and similar to get rid of your .php / .asp extensions because you care about the design of your URLs and don't want your URLs to all break in the future should you move to a different technology - not because you want to hide from crawlers out looking for SQL injection targets. We have a nod towards a consistent interface in the Guardian API in that we offer an Atom output format - it's pretty basic at the moment, but we're looking for community feedback to help us make the Atom version really useful. It's not exactly copylefting - the T&Cs still won't let you modify the content or redistribute it further - but yes, you are allowed to republish the article body (although it's hard to do so at the moment due to the omission of paragraph breaks, which we're working to fix). If you just show our headlines, you won't be asked to display our ads. If you opt to publish our article bodies we reserve the right to ask you to include our ads some time in the future. Django has had low level, undocumented hooks for talking to multiple databases for ages (Malcolm talked about these at DjangoCon, the same conference that hosted Cal's excellent keynote). A very recent checkin makes those hooks easier to use: http://code.djangoproject.com/changeset/10026 Isn't address randomization a form of security by obscurity? While that's good advice generally, it's not enough to protect you from CSRF attacks like the Amazon wishlist one. He suggests the following message queues: http://www.rabbitmq.com/ - first version 8th February 2007, but the first version not to have "alpha" or "beta" status was 1.5.1 released 21st January 2009 http://memcachedb.org/memcacheq/ - version 0.1.1 released 26th November 2008 http://www.ejabberd.im/ - not really a message queue http://xph.us/software/beanstalkd/ - first public release 11th December 2007, hit 1.0 28th May 2008 http://activemq.apache.org/ - not sure when it was first released but the mailing list goes back to December 2005 The first public release of Starling (Twitter's first custom message queue) was 10th January 2008. Presumably they had it running internally for a while before they released it. From this, we can see that when they built their own pretty much the only realistic open source option was ActiveMQ, which can hardly be described as a light-weight solution (not to mention it still doesn't have a stellar reputation under high loads). When the alternatives aren't rock solid yet, rolling your own (where at least you understand all of the code and how it works) seems like a perfectly practical alternative. At a guess, a few reasons. Firstly, they had everything else written against a message queue with particular behaviour - so better to upgrade that queue than switch to a completely new one and have to rewrite everything that interacts with it. Secondly, after running a custom message queue for well over a year they know EXACTLY what they need from one, so writing their own still makes sense. Thirdly, if they're going to start moving other core bits of Twitter infrastructure to Scala it makes sense to try it out with an important piece of the puzzle that they thoroughly understand first. And finally, Twitter's core competency is delivering messages. As such, it's really not so extreme to use their own software to do that - they work at a high enough scale that they need to be experts in whatever solution they are using. As Douglas Crockford once said, "The good thing about reinventing the wheel is that you can get a round one.". The fact that Twitter's reliability over the past 6-12 months has been a huge improvement, despite the enormous growth the service has seen (it's mentioned in the mainstream media all the time) would suggest that their decision to roll their own message queue paid off. RabbitMQ was less than a year old, and significantly more fully featured than what Twitter needed. Fixing bugs in that would be a whole lot harder than fixing bugs in 1500 lines of code they wrote in a language they knew. You linked to a tag, rather than the article itself - which means your link may not point to the same content in a year's time. The article in question is here: http://olabini.com/blog/2009/04/dynamic-languages-on-google-... Hmmm... on second thoughts linking to the tag does make more sense here seeing as there's a series of related entries. It's a shame Ola isn't using a tag that's specific to the series such as "dynamic-languages-on-gae" Amazon have had well documented CSRF holes for years: http://shiflett.org/blog/2007/mar/my-amazon-anniversary If this story turns out to be true (seems perfectly likely) maybe they'll finally start taking them seriously and fixing them. They might well be going for "Let's only write performance intense parts in C++, and make those bits easier to debug" I don't think Twitter will be destroyed by mass uptake. I don't care if 100 million people are spouting rubbish on Twitter, I'll just follow the few hundred who aren't. Twitter Search will become less useful, but the obvious next step for that (albeit difficult to build) would be to let me search tweets just from people who I am following. That after just three days nearly one in twenty of her viewers are following her on Twitter? That's a pretty astonishing number. There's a huge barrier to entry. First, you need to be paying attention during that particular part of the show. Second, you need a computer and an internet connection. Third, you need to have it nearby when you're watching Oprah - you're not going to remember to do it otherwise. Then you need to figure out what to do. Then you need to go through the signup process. Finally, having signed up you need to find Oprah again (not so easy if you don't understand URLs very well, like most people who use the internet) and click "follow". 1/20 is astonishing. No proof at all. I was just trying to point out that your initial suggestion that picking up 400,000 followers in three days didn't deserve "hype" was unfounded. The Cairo-powered http://www.aeracode.org/projects/graphication/ is well worth a look - unfortunately the only documentation is examples at the moment. Haven't tried this out yet, but I'm very optimistic from reading the documentation. See Jacob's post here: http://jacobian.org/writing/rest-worst-practices/ Basically, it's a bad idea to couple something like django-piston too tightly to the underlying models because in any even moderately useful API there will be plenty of resources you want to expose that are actually cobbled together from various different models (or even other storage locations such as a search index or external web service). There's a very good reason to run NoScript: most web developers still don't understand CSRF, and hence many web applications are vulnerable to CSRF attacks. Running NoScript prevents untrusted sites from exploiting CSRF holes in sites that you care about. That said I don't personally run NoScript (I use Safari), but I totally understand people who do. Warning: the zip file unzips itself in to your current directory, rather than a sub-directory. I don't buy that argument. When someone clicks "I forgot my password", you e-mail them a one-time link to log in to their account. They click it, and they're in. That's easier than checking your e-mail and then typing a password. Not to mention that 37signals accounts are paid for - so there's a much higher incentive for people who forget their password to go through the flow to recover that account - otherwise they'll be wasting their money! Anyone know if 37signals still allow people to XSS their own Basecamp accounts? http://forum.37signals.com/basecamp/forums/5/topics/3155 Django uses a salted hash - each password is stored with a random hash code unique to that password, e.g.: sha1$0ae33$b8a9502237851f302170e1bb207d4eb3f36d9a31 The 0ae33 is different for each stored password, and is used as part of the SHA1 hash. This means you have to brute force each account separately - you can't just use a pre-generated SHA1 lookup table. It sounds like you know your stuff though - if there's anything we could do to make this secure (while not depending on any libraries other than the Python standard library) please share! The Django scheme is what tptacek refers to as a "naked sha1 plus salt" and recommends against, because it is computably feasible to brute force it due to sha1 being a fast algorithm. His recommendation is to use a more computationally expensive hash such as bcrypt (based on blowfish) or possibly a few thousand iterations of sha1. It works against not-well-formed markup. Don't send them a random password. Send them a one-time login link (which is kind of like a random password, but it's embedded in the URL so you don't need to type it in to anything). The first screen they see once they're in asks them to reset their password. For my own projects I don't set any limits on passwords that people enter - if they want to use an insecure password that's their problem. I wrote up my experiences building a vanity short URL service a few weeks ago: http://simonwillison.net/2009/Apr/11/revcanonical/ - algorithms and code included Mike also released code on to GitHub: http://github.com/mmalone/django-caching and http://github.com/mmalone/django-multidb Cool, I wrote these notes up for a conference tutorial I gave a few years ago, glad to see they've taken on a useful life of their own. There are a number of practical, scalable (albeit tricky to set up) ways of pushing events from the server to the browser, gathered under the umbrella term Comet. Google have been using Comet for chat within Gmail since around 2005. At EuroDjangoCon I joked that djng is a "micro macro framework" due to the Django dependency. If you look at the source it basically IS a few surgical patches, some of which are implemented as monkey patches. I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on StackedObjectProxy. What is it that makes you uncomfortable about it? Guilty as charged - I'm always up for borrowing good ideas from other projects. That's what open source is about. Most of my favourite ideas in Django were inspired by other frameworks (template inheritance came from Cheetah, the request/response objects were inspired by a combination of Java servlets and PHP). I should probably set aside some time to build a project using modern Pylons and find out about all the other good ideas I've been missing! I haven't tried running it on App Engine yet, but I think it will eventually be a really good fit there (and in fact it should work right now). Does anyone else find the idea of a package installer that /screen scrapes a website for download links/ deeply and fundamentally disturbing, or is it just me? We use 100,000 in the UK too - 100.000 is used by some European countries (Spain is one, not sure about the others). It probably means he's using http://synergy2.sourceforge.net/ - I've used it for similar things (typing on a Mac laptop, with a second monitor hooked up to a Linux desktop) and it's a brilliant solution. According to Mike Malone the official name for a queue built on top of a MySQL table is a "ghetto queue". I believe Flickr still do all of their queuing in that way. I'm a project developer (Django + other things), IRC has been blocked at my last two places of work and I've often used mibbit, which I found to be an excellent client - better than many desktop clients in fact. Please consider this a complaint. It would be great if there was an online demo of your product - I clicked around for a bit looking for one before realising I would have to /download and install it/ in order to try it out! Just running an instance against a PostgreSQL database that gets wiped and reset once an hour by a cron job would be enough to give people a taster. Have you tried TokyoCabinet? It serves a similar purpose (a persistent key/value store which speaks the memcache protocol) and I've only heard good things about its performance. The Guardian (disclaimer: my employer) are one of the only newspapers in the world to provide full content RSS feeds: http://www.guardian.co.uk/help/insideguardian/2008/oct/22/fu... Yes, and the MP's expenses project. I don't get up there often, but the Guardian is right next to Kings Cross - drop me a line at simon.willison@guardian dot couk if you're in the area. Anyone know (and care to share) what FriendFeed's underlying search technology is? Entirely custom, based on Lucene or something else? Because it imposes arbitrary additional rules that make errors fatal, in a Web where errors haven't been fatal in the past. Or you could run HTML through Tidy to get XHTML, then run your XML tools against that. Personally, I just use lxml and BeautifulSoup. We've been running this for several months now. Some of the datasets published are the result of in-depth research by our journalists and researchers - for example, http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/table/2009/jun/09/eu... required calling 50 individual councils to obtain the local break-down results of the European elections (which are only officially published as aggregate totals). You can see a full list of available datasets here: http://www.guardian.co.uk/data-store We actively encourage people to use the data for their own mashups and visualisations. Some of the stuff people have done can be seen in the Flickr group: http://www.flickr.com/groups/1115946@N24/ I've always wanted to know that. Sounds like a job for the Hadoop HDFS. If you want a GFS clone, you /really/ want HDFS from the Hadoop project - I'm reading the new O'Reilly book on Hadoop on the moment which is excellent. I'm genuinely intrigued: what kind of rough steps are there in a six month plan to upgrade to IE7? Is it mostly testing existing internal applications for compatibility? "Loux took the opportunity to introduce Echo - his new product that allows publishers to embed a simple JavaScript widget and aggregate social media and blog dialogue from across the web." - Gosh, I wonder if that was a a factor in declaring the death of comments... Ask them questions. I've used Twitter for everything from finding good bars in Bristol to getting someone to take a photo of the front door to a cold war bunker (twitpicced to me within 20 mins of the request for a picture). I dislike it because I think JavaScript is a perfectly reasonable language for application development - it may have its warts, but they certainly aren't worth introducing a layer of abstraction that thick over them (and Java is hardly wart-free). Here's what I understand: at any one time a Keyspace cluster has one master server which ALL writes go to - the other servers in the cluster replicate from it. If the master goes down another master is elected automatically, giving you your fault tolerance. You can only write to the current master, and reading from slaves may suffer from replication lag - so if you need to write and then read back the same value you need to read against the master as well. Your underlying storage is BerkeleyDB, so your write speed is limited to BerkeleyDB's write speed (which is pretty fast). If I wanted to scale writes I'd need to run multiple sharded keyspace instances, in the same way I might run sharded MySQL databases. Is this accurate, or did I misunderstand something? Hadoop is essentially a Yahoo! project, and has serious cred in geek circles. OK, I'll start. I should emphasize I don't have a particular project in mind just yet, but I do think it's an interesting thought exercise. For my purposes, I'm not particularly interested in saving a full record for every single hit for all time - I've already got that in web server logs. I'd much rather accumulate counters - they take up much less space and should be a lot cheaper to query when I want to generate graphs and reports. MongoDB looks like a tempting option here. It has an atomic increment option and from my initial testing appears to be really fast. Since I'm just incrementing counters, sharding writes across multiple instances should be pretty easy in the future (though that is true no matter what data store I use). Here's one potential scheme. For each page (or whatever is being counted), maintain a counter for every minute for the past two hours. Also maintain a counter for every hour for the past month, and a counter for every day for ever. When a hit comes in, increment the counter for that page on the current day, the current hour and the current minute. That's three counter updates. Every 24 hours, expire any minute counters from more than 24 hours ago, and any hour counters for more than two days ago. You might want to keep track of hits to an individual page, hits to that section of the site (or any of that user's pages) and hits to the site as a whole. That's fine - it just means you'll be updating 9 counters for every hit instead of 3. Apps "to be as big as internet", says CEO of a "leading independent application store". PR puff piece. Interesting attack, but it only works for CSRF tokens included in a URL. If you instead place your tokens in hidden form fields (which I recommend, since you should only need to protect POST requests) this attack won't affect you. Good point - I was thinking about this entirely from the POV of an application developer. This is a superb explanation. PubSubHubBub is a beautiful piece of technology - I hadn't realised it was supported by FeedBurner. Should really help bootstrap further adoption.