The police have found a women body "without arms, head and legs" they said this evening. They have not denied confirmed that it is Kim though. Is it resonable that the limbs comes off from propellers at random in the sea? Does that happen? http://ekstrabladet.dk/112/article6787128.ece Murder, dismemberment and maybe more. Well, submarine murders are kinda tech related ... Zoox got some Uber engineers too since earlier. I wonder if the company will produce a working product or if they will aim on getting bought, like Otto etc. As I'm not fed up enough about these recruiting ceremonies you have to endure just because you are a programmer. I wonder if bridge engineer has to build small bridges out of lego when they apply for work ... Skype is so bad anyway. Does anyone but enterprises use them anymore, compared to the haydays? Well, "hybrid" in this case is a bigger engine starter and battery, that also can propell the vehicle for a while, I assume. This could be done with old manual cars without fancy security checks so, we have been there, done that. Apple's getting a revenue share of any sold item in the store ... so. I guess the rational thing for them would be to prevent scams to make ppl less reluctant to shop there, but since there is no obvious short time benefit they hardly care. Compare this to all these "child bought 1000$ worth of Candy Crush items on father's card" etc. Self driving car maybe? Kinda unnecessary abbreviation. Nope, but less typing of #include:s? Easier to send by mail? He seems to use defines to keeps function and variable definitions to one in the program it's included in. I think you are using the wrong angular resolution, though. http://velodynelidar.com/docs/datasheet/63-9194_Rev-G_HDL-64... Thats the one LIDAR Uber seems to have matching pictures. 5Hz - 20Hz full round sampling rate, lets assume 15 Hz. The resolution in the horizontal plane is dependent on rotational speed, so at 15 Hz it should be 0,26 degrees. (0,35/20*15 = 0.26) For the woman height the angular resolution is 0.4 degrees no matter the rotation speed. Id est, she would have been atleast one pixel wide from 400 feet and about 2 pixels high and growing in size if we assume 2' wide. (Not counting bike). I really see no exuse for Uber messing this up that bad. The LIDAR can't have missed a potential "obstacle" when it got closer, even if the car wouldn't classify it as a human. Yes, I agree with you that we can't assume that the car could have noticed the woman from 120 meters from LIDAR data alone. Maybe with some kind of sensor fusion with IR-cameras. But, as it got closer and what the computer though was noise was on about the same place a sane obstacle finder should have given a posetive match. Maybe at 30 - 40 m worst case? At 142 feet the woman probably had (assuming she was 5.5'): asind(5.5/142) = 2.21* => 2.21/0.4 = 5.5 So between 5 and 6 "scanlines" going from left to right over her. Assuming she was 2' wide that's 0.8 degrees which would be 2 to 3 pixels in breadth according to your spread sheet. That's between 10 and 18 pixels (voxels?) that stand out clearly from the flat road around it, exluding the bike. If you wan't to get an idea of how LIDAR data looks Velodyne has free samples and a viewer for less resolution models. http://velodynelidar.com/downloads.html It pretty hard to identify obstacles far off, but you will still see there is something there. It's especially easy to identify obstacles that are vertical. As she got closer, she would eventually show up clearly on the LIDAR data. But since the car never slowed down or went left, it didn't notice her at all even at point blanc (or did see her but failed to do anything about it). Her death was in vain. These kind of fundamental scenarios can be practised with dolls or stunt men on closed test tracks not on public roads ... If Uber needs data they could have driven manually. Obvously their obstacle tracking is bad. Thats kinda Volvo Cars approuch, word by word, as one of their RnD engineers explained it to me. Oh ... is it real? Beta? Googleinh seems to confirm so. Other car manufacturer use trained personel for testing. I mean this is silly and should be illegal. "The world’s first electrified road that recharges the batteries of cars and trucks driving on it". Well, that's a buss. Jokes aside, the concept is quite old. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trolleybus#History Not easy to disengage though. Do you get a IDE with compiler for the palindrom question? Id say that close to 0 out off 10 engineers at work including me would get a working program without debugger or print statements. Just tried in c and got me 2 compiles to get it right. Without the output I would just present a nonworking program. Well, opaque algorithmic censorship might be the worst one. The algorithm will probably "nerf" small papers with insufficient data and boost big ones. Papers that are controversial in some political camp will get flags and instead people will get food articles and CNN/ABC/Fox etc. I liked Facebook's old "show stuff in order" (pre 2011?) way more. Nice pics for exam studies. But in industry Worse Is Better and Kalman Filters is ofent just the optimal way to remove noise you yourself added in your simulation. I've never seen any implementation use of Kalman filters where the covariance matrix is actually sound ... and I usually go with just lowpassfilters or moving averages. Ye well maybe it's a domain thing. I do driveline programming for cars. As soVeryTired wrote "In general I find Kalman filters a little suspect where the underlying dynamics of the system can change over time, and when the physical process that gives rise to the dynamics isn't known." This maybe applies in a less degree to radars etc? In general we use only one sensor source at a time for eg. rpm rather then fusing them. If one is obvously off just select another. Maybe it's rather about how exact you need the estimate to be. Whats wrong with "double_t"? Excessive template magic is just confusing. If you compile for a embedded platform there is a platform specific header anyway where you would put #define BIGGEST_FLOAT_TYPE double" or something. Plenty of platforms doesn't behave IEEE:ish when you go NaN and Inf, which this template collection doesn't check anyways. You would have to catch FPU interrupts and do the overflow/underflow/whatever yourself. So using this project would just lead to false positives. It's maybe the type with most precision according to whoever wrote the header at the chip manufacturer , so you can use it to do a calculation with hardware types with the least amount of error on the platform, maybe. My point is, if IEEE 754 is a problem, you probably need to check things yourself anyway and can't trust whoever wrote numerical_limits at the chip manufacturer and that it applies to your platform without e.g. adding interrupt handlers etc. So you can't trust this template anyways. Ye, but whoever wrote is_iec559 might have added written in the manual that you need to provide the interrupt handlers yourself or link in the manufacturers math lib? Well this was done in the 60s allready. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FmXLqImT1wE&t=545s It was most likely cracy expensive just as these news machines are compared to a ordinary restaurant grade kitchen and you still need people going around unstucking things that get stuck. Bringing industrial processes into street food seems ... unpractical. Well, Tesla rolled out brake updates over a couple of days after a consumer paper found strange brake behavoiur. https://www.consumerreports.org/car-safety/tesla-model-3-get... There is no chance they could have tested that thoroughly. And the brakes are maybe the cars most important function besides power steering in a programming safety perspective. 1 in 10 interviews is a hire? How can his methods be described as sucsessfull. Speaking of my own experience I'd say it takes 6 months to find out if a programmer is good or really good (bad is easy to spot) and being able to tell that in 4h is just self-deception. I wonder how hireing managers compares to coin tosses after some 15min telephone offsite initial screening and just filtering of resumés. It's written somewhere 50 engineers from 500 interviews. Plus the one sorted out from initial screening. Being skillfull on soft skills usually is a euphemism for handeling toxic and antisocial coworkers. I have personally never thought that the would-take-beer-with rating is even remotely as important as technical skills. And being a corny coworker or a toxic one don't really correlate. Atleast one good thing with this Russia hysteria is that concerns are raised about privacy regarding data mining corporations ... I assume it's theoretically possible to ghost render and and execute tracking scripts in a sandbox? Just need some browser support ... They got self-driving Mad Max-ish tubewelded over-actuated crabsteering robotcars? Who cares about business speak, I'm sold. The remote driving driver could in theory ghost the journalist car for low latency. Just saying. Coincidently Ericson and KTH (which Zoox has cooperated with) has done remote driving over cellphone links over multiple miles. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cvSM7pbqZEM I'm not saying it's what happend. I mean Darpa challange was not fake so Stanford has delivered in the area. But it's possible to solve the lag issue. Falstad saved me during my university year. If just all field's had this type of material ... ""We're no longer in the days of a master cylinder responding to pressure from a driver's foot by simply sending hydraulic fluid to drum brakes."" At some point of actuation the Tesla car should have a mechanical backup when depressing the brake pedal, right? I really don't think it's pure brake by wire. Hmm, I kinda like this. I wonder if I would say the same after a "field test"? Serverless in this context is Server-aaS. It's doublespeak. That's why I "knee-jerk". Instead of a couple of servers you have thousands of small virtual servers running on real server and call that serverless. It's comical. I wonder what hell this approach will be for legacy serverless systems where there is stuff running everywhere and no one got a clue where to pull the plug or patch stuff. Better something than nothing? A bonus is to combat competition like Snapchat to Instagram by having a solid alternative. "A pile of money for computer time" is a valid ingredience for a reproducable paper. Having opaque methodology is not on the other end. I got this feeling that the main selling point of wasm will be "certified" software with some middle man and control. An analogy would be Google's push for https, for our own best ofc. What? Just let the programmer to it in his homeland. Easy. Just as outsourcing. I wish this project approuch was more common. It would probably be cheaper than wasting time on multiple days interviewing reality shows where people are voted out one by one like some companies do it. I feel the bots greatest strength are their "aimbot" abilities. They have such great precision from their "targetEnemy(obj)". They know perfectly when in range or not. They are never looking on the other side of the map. Without this they would get stomped. Really nice tool actually. Need to fix some things on my site though ... I agree, but it's probably no a thing the recruiter can do without going through the boss of the boss and hassle with accounting department. Until a big body of of candidates require it, nothing will happen, and if too many require it, the employer will probably just quit giving home work. This concept of whiteboard interviews and assignments is quite alien to me. I've got three different software jobs since graduation and not one did any sorts of test they just trusted that I would not apply if I couldn't code. Never heard of any colleagues or former class mates that done any either. My guess is that Volvo ditched them after they messed up Volvo's emergency-brake for some homebrew VC version. Illegal in what country? This is essentially taping TV or radio, which is legal, right? I wonder how the people working at Inn'n'Out burger in SF actually make a profit from working there. Maybe it is like Uber drivers. They quit after noticing that they are losing money but the supply of new workers is so high it works out for the company anyway. I mean geocery stores and fast food joints etc are not that much more expansive than the rest of the country. A burger at McDonalds should really cost twice the national average or something to cover the living costs for the workers. But it doesn't ... and I suppose churn ratio is the answer? "Optimizing" UI for session length and clicks is the same thing as finding the local maxima of bad, right? How do you prefer to use e.g. malloc? AMP is kinda a voluntary man in the middle attack that Google controls. HTTP sets up for possible ISP-rivals so Google is "forcing" HTTPS onto people. Google wan't monopoly on the mass-surveilance. Obvously you always have the choice to not care about your page rank and the main source of traffic. I also agree with that https is a good thing but Google is probably pushing it for the wrong reasons and forcing it with Chrome "unsafe site" thing. I like to keep protocols simple but I understand the need for https. And it's nice to know my employer/ISP doesn't know exactly what subpage i am browsing of a site that could just aswell be http as it has no logins or w/e. It wrecks sane easy caching though. Instead we have this "free" as in free beer Cloudflare alternatives or paid CDNs. Trading dolars for surveilence of our page viewers. I kinda prefer easier surveilence over monopoly surveilence if I have too choose between those two. If you are doing subversive anti-government stuff you could still use a VPN that's hopefully not a honey pot ... The wage statistics in e.g. Sweden is after a 31.43% "federal" (royal?) pay-roll tax is deducted. BLS, US median for programmers: 82 240 USD/y https://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/... Engineering Union, Sweden, median for union programmers: 61 416 USD/y, as reported. 80 719 USD/y, including payroll tax. I believe other European countries could report data in a similar manner. The employer cost is similar. If we assume Danish wages are similar to Swedish, the $60k bracket should be the most common, actually. I don't really trust these fantastic Silicon Valley wage statistics. There seems to be bad coverage over a wide range of companies, and it mostly seems to be self-reported in a non-organized way. BLS collects a wider range of statistics than PayScale or what not the HR departments are spamming with good reviews and salaries. https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/silicon-valley-salaries... To even base an article on those numbers is borderline fraud. For "San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco, CA Metropolitan Division" BLS reports $106k mean wage for programmers. https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes151131.htm Swedish Engineering union reports mean wage: 69 543 USD/y in Stockholm 91 400 USD/y including payroll tax. So the difference is 1.1k USD more a month for the median Bay-area programmer compared to Stockholm in employer cost. It's not really raining VC money over the SF area programmers compared to e.g. Stockholm, where there is more or less none VC money. Oh, well my calculations are off by 25% then and my point kinda invalid. Never heard about a distincion between a developer and programmer. Seems to be a distinct BLS category. ... which co. Is the not Google one? Hopefully not. The Glassdoor article is a typical SEO spam write-up. Their data is generally so bad it's annoying. We can blame them for much but not this. I don't even blame Google for this. The newspaper initially giving away their content for free is the "problem". Now it's to late to change people's habits. What they should have done is only making the web site accessible for subscribers or people with a day-pass from buying a paper. The transition from paper to digital would then be more or less seamless for the consumer as they would have both for a while. Making people realize they don't need the news papers was their mistake. Strange. "A majority of companies say lack of access to software developers is a bigger threat to success than lack of access to capital." Capital gives access to software developers but software developers don't necessarily give access to capital. Mr. Will Gaybrick doesn't seem to get his causality right. "Tech's ultimate success: Software developers are now more valuable to companies than money" That's just stupid. "2. Outsource. Fully embrace the cloud. Not just for storage and compute but for every business function that's not unique to your business" Custom tooling is one of the most valuable part of having in-house programmers. It's interesting to read the thoughts of these suits. It explains so much of my everyday troubles at work. Will this be in the real release? Looks like a anti-trust case for other browser vendors, like MS got fined for including IE with Win 98. The problem is that when you involve a Real Programmer you ruin the flexibility of the sheet that made it so useful for the original user. It's better waste hours using Excel than waste even more hours trying to convince some developer to do a change and wait for the product - which might never come. Is validation a problem? You see the intermediate steps of calculation in the columns. It's way more clear then black-box unit testing. It's like some nice live debugging with print statements everywhere. How about this: Places where the police collect more fines has higher criminality and the police has less resources per crime to solve crimes? I don't believe this nonsense article at all. They are overfitting their data. It's more or less fraud. They are mixing units in the regression. Most of the control variables are correlated etc. They even tried to link fracking to this somehow, but didn't find significance. http://www.law.nyu.edu/sites/default/files/upload_documents/... "Our results suggest that institutional changes—such as decreasing municipal government reliance on fines and fees for revenue—are important for changing police behavior and improving the provision of public safety." What they are acctually discovering is that crime clearance rate is mostly dependent on crime rate. How do you know as the one being recruited these tests are not sent to 100 other programmers. Wasting time without wasting the recruiters time too is a no-go for me unless I would be desperate. Don't give them ideas. Thought driven programming is now a thing. The writer seems unbalanced and I can't tell if he or the workplace is the problem, or both. The thing that cought my eye is that he was telling his boss his coworker was home hung over, becouse he worked while his grandma died instead of visiting her. Like, who is being inconsiderate here really? It means that he probably is not stable. There are things you do not write in public. I don't need to have a MD to notice that. Writing in public that you wanted to assualt a coworker becouse he didn't like your design and cancelled a meeting for being "sick"/hangover is a flashing red warning light with sugar on top. It's one thing to rant that to some freinds at a bar if you have no history of assaults. Another thing to publicly state it. Do you want to work with him? I do not. Obsolete? Is this sarcasm? Angular 1 vs 6? Like, how can the burden of getting up to speed in a later version of the same framework even compare to that of getting your head into all legacy company code and how the coffe machine at the office is refilled? "Oh, .Net 3.5 you say? We do 4.0 here. We call you back." Coding has barely changed since the 60s. The screens are bigger. It's the programs that have evolved not the programmers really. Fair enought. On another note I believe one fundamental reason some employers prefer younger employees is that they are easier to push around. A sudden strike from the wind and they will cut your throat or cut out your eyes. Imagine the paranoia walking on the street. Do I get this straight: "Quantum teleportation" is like receiving a letter with four pages and then telling another receiver of the same letter which page to read? Uhm ... I drive a -98 Volvo V70, 300 000 km, in central Sweden. It's no way where near EOL and it's snow and salt on the roads. If I change the brakes it's good for maybe 2-8 years more before the gearbox might give up. The secret is to to preemptive rust measures. Just paint it like you would on a boat and change rusty parts on the underbelly before the rust spreads to the car body. Preemptive measures are cheap and not that much work. When it's too late though ... I wonder how much greater the average car life span would be if the drivers just took a oil dispenser every third month and oiled the parts. If you have alot of copy pasted code this might work great if you fixed a bug in one place but not the 219 other ones. Mostly I see that as a feature not a bug. If you can't trust management for hiring why trust them for firing. You got like a couple of months "test period" that can end every month anyway. Exactly. If 38% is bad then I would like to know what Uber would need. On the other hand, they are operating at a loss so increasing revenue just means they spend more money paying costumers to ride with them or eat with them. Only founding would limit the revenue growth when you are giving away stuff. It's hard now when Google have their market position. For Google it was easy to grab the low hanging fruit. I wonder if former competitors like Altavista just never though of spying on their users and selling the info or if they assumed it would be illegal and didn't do it? That's true, but the same can be said for the reverse. How do you know that a research success is not really a failure. If anything, there is more incentive to forge successes than failures. Customer support is an group insurence for the costumers. Most wont use it. Profit per customer is irrelevant. It's profit for all customers per support event that's the metric. If the users are the product then the sites that shows the ads are the retailers or whatever. As a small reteiler 200 USD/month I got no support what so ever when Google closed our account for unspecific policy violations. Just autoreplys. It would be nice with some law like the signs on ciggaret packets when signing up for a Google account. "WE COLLCECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND SELLS A ANALYSIS OF IT. WE MAY DELETE YOUR SUBMITED FILES AND MAILS WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE AND WE PROVIDE NO SUPPORT TO USERS. WE MAY CHANGE THESE RULES WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE." I don't think most users are aware. Shouldn't a bed tax increases the price? Low margin hotels will be forced to shut down since the margin just is taxed and if they increase the price they will lose guests. A bed tax is essentially cutting the demand. You could make the bed tax season adjusted. The peak months are the main problem. A index fund doesn't follow the index. There is a broker fee, stock transaction fees for the broker to keep the fund balanced and stock falling out of the index (because of the company eg. halfway to bankruptcy) is a loss for the fund but in the index the next biggest stock just takes it's place. To keep up with the index is probably really hard. I wonder if that job jumping statistics is "poisoned" by causality. You could argue that head hunted employees that's a good match for the job they leave for probably get higher salary. The current job of a dev is more likely to be the first job for the dev (after job jumping it's never the first job). Since the dev age pyramid is quite base heavy, job jumping is a indirect measurement of more experience. Just being able to job jump is a indirect measure that you are sought after and that brings higher wages. "Not having the time" to introduce new engineers to the problem at hand, task, system or what ever is a recipe for wasting even more time in the future. It's very short sighted. Neither "10x programmers" or mere mortals can grasp a code base by reading it alone as by a thorough introduction. I mean, a mediocre engineer that knows the system well is way more useful than an excellent engineers that just got his hands on it, for like half a year or more depending on complexity. If you give guidance you don't need excellent engineers. At least not as many. It's kinda surprising the way companies think of this. Rather than officially allocating a developers time for introducing new employees or writing documentation for the system, Company 101 is to put 10 or 100 times the amount of dev time into catching up for the devs replacement when he quits, after he quits. Why is weight an issue when we are talking power plants for housing? Here's a 8.3 kW diesel generator (6.3 kW generator) from Home Depo: https://www.homedepot.com/p/Boss-Precision-Products-Inc-Port... 3900 USD. 367 lbs + fuel = 180 kg + fuel http://www.nordensolar.se/produktdetaljer/solceller-luxor-so... One random 265W solar panel, you need 31 off them, one is 18,6 kg gives 582 kg of solar panels to get to 8.3 kW (obviously you wont get 8.3 kW cont. from them). Not counting inverters, mounting rackets etc. So for equal weight and way more power you have one 8,3 kW diesel generator and 402 kg of diesel. 1 kg diesel is ca 12 kWh energy. Lets guess 30% efficiency gives 1447 kWh electricty for the same weigth. That's about as much as the solar panels will produce in 2,4 months assuming 129 kWh/m2/year. According to this site it's 3,14 USD per watt solar panel installation for consumers. https://news.energysage.com/10kw-solar-systems-compare-price... 8300 * 3,14 = 26 000 USD. So, you can buy a generator and 22 000 USD of diesel (about 22 000 litres or 22 000 litres * 10kWh * 0,3 efficiency = 66 000 kWh electricty) for about the same price. Or about what the same dollar in solar panels will produce in 8 years with way lower peak power. Ye, of course. But the comparison was with ICEs and given that you could bring an ICE weight carrying capacity is usually not that scarce like back packing or balloons. Depends on if you need power, or, energy over time for the same weight. 2x productivity boost compared to one programmer or two programmers ..? I have a hard time seeing why this would work. On the other hand, it's more or less a hand over of knowledge for the system, so in that sense all the negative effects are might be zeroed. I've got this feeling that knowledge hand over is the biggest problem in the industry. I would really hate to have to do pair programming but I'm not totally convinced it's all bad for the company/product. Maybe one day a week to spread the knowledge? EDIT: The song is nice. A bit to specific topic to be funny though. "Everyone knows to look at the ratio of comments + likes to followers" If likes can be fake then so can comments, right? In big project reading recursivly from the entry point is essentialy to say "read it all". With code generation or libs there might even be no entry point in the repo source code. I would say go from the edges of the call tree towards the root but not all the way to it. Otherwise I get lost. Just guess which edges are interesting and start from them. The SoC window is not 0 to 100%, it's might be eg. 15 - 75 % or something. That's also why you don't notice battery degradation, since the window might be moving (keeping constant energy limits for 0 and 100% charged). For kWh capacity it's just a matter of counting the cells. Actual kWh will vary abit by measuring technique but I assume there is a way to drain the nominal Wh:s from them. Uhm ... those who are able to work after retirement are of better health? I mean, if your health is bad you can't work. It's far fetched to assume that working longer gives better health is a stronger effect than that better health makes you able to work longer. Some work might make your health better, but the effect should be weaker than the statistics suggest. Well, that's because there are so many false prophets. I like Jira. It's terrible, of course, but way better than using nothing. Tech Crunch is mainly criticizing how "Agile" development is commonly used, to micromanage and give a false sense of grasp of the scope of a project for management. Micromanagement without the responsibilities coming with micromanagement (providing nice specifications, doing follow ups, taking responsibility for failures, etc) make me miss the waterfall model ... ... and the people it employs? I see alot of winners in "zombie" startups. I wonder what the ROI of the average business is. Pizza places, AI shops alike. "The former employee, who used to work as a process engineer at Tesla's Gigafactory, filed a complaint of his own with the Securities and Exchange Commission in June. He accused Tesla of making 'material omissions and misstatements' to investors as well as of putting cars with safety issues on the road." He did whistle-blow according to the article. According to another article he denies dumping data. https://www.engadget.com/2018/08/15/martin-tripp-tesla-tweet... "Easy money"? It's called luck and luck is hard to come by. What's genius about him? He's a great manager, in the sense that he get people to get shit done. Would you call Wayne Gretzky a genius? ... or accumulation of hacky extra features not in orginal scope and architecture? In the beginning it might have been fine code, but not enough time have been allocated to do new features right. Rewrites might be the wrong term. "Refactoring" is a better. If you already have functioning code you don't need to rewrite it, but fix the mess. If you have undocumented legacy code that's a mess, and it doesn't work with new quite different requirements, it might be faster to just rewrite most parts and cherry pick code that seems to do edge catching stuff and opaque interfacing with other black box systems. I aim at spending half my time refactoring and documenting, so I'll in reality end up with at-least some time. Random Company average I have been at is probably around 0.1%. Convervation of mass? What do that has to do with it. Hot water tanks accumilate mineral sediment which might tear of as particles and follow the stream. I guess that the asbestos rate in the talk follows some none normal distribution. Of all the million bottles, some might have vastly higher rates? I imagine the asbestos is unevenly distributed in the ore in the mine and thus in the resulting batches of talk. That could be a hypothesis at least. But I agree on the proportion point. I would want to know how much asbestos there is in Kellog's Cornflakes or whatever. 3% of other (minerals?) than talk. Not 3% asbestos to make that clear. For every cent paid in interest rate some account is receiving a cent. Where is the paradox? Why not give the cash to the owners. That's what stocks are for, right. Doesn't seem like a problem at all. A "low growth" company is a stable company. High growth is high risk. Given that there are less bias and systematic error in the review tools than in managers judgement ... How can this be not "really time sensitive"? The stability of these kind of controllers depend on smooth periods without jitter. Putting these kind of controller on a phone written in Python is OK for a student project driving at 20 km/h on a closed off area. It actually madness and most likey illegal to use these modifications on public roads. Atleast it should be ... "When it comes to actually documenting code itself, as opposed to producing documents that can actually be read by non-programmers, the best programmers I’ve ever known hold a universal sentiment: write self-explanatory code and don’t document code except in the places that you cannot make it clear. There are two good reasons for this. First, anyone who needs to see code-level documentation will in most cases be able to and prefer to read the code anyway ... More importantly however, is that the code and the documentation cannot get our of sync if there is no documentation. The source code can at worst be wrong and confusing. The documentation, if not written perfectly, can lie, and that is a thousand times worse" This is such baloney. I understand that many programmers want barriers of entry to their chair at the office but rationalizing it is self-deception. The author is essentially saying to write strcmp() "self-explanatory" rather than the a black box description like: http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/cstring/strcmp/ strcmp() is useless without knowing what the return values mean and reading the code to figure it out is way more time consuming than reading the docs. I'm not too sure the author means about that, even though you interpretation is possible. "When it comes to actually documenting code itself, as opposed to producing documents that can actually be read by non-programmers, the best programmers I've ever known hold a universal sentiment: write self-explanatory code and don't document code except in the places that you cannot make it clear." I would say eg. Doxygen style function documentation or that strcmp() doc. I linked falls under documents non-programmers wont read. Hi is emphasizing writing "little" good documentation over "write crap nobody will read". Is it really a good advice to new programmers about documentation? Can everyone who have spent their career cursing former coworkers that wrote too much code documentation raise their hands. Congrats you were working in heaven. I'd say when in doubt, write comments. 'How', 'why' and 'what' ... and 'when' and in what order. But that's a matter of taste of course. Yeah OK I agree about not wielding strawmans. Another interesting example on comments is the original implementation of 'cat'. A lot of comments. https://minnie.tuhs.org/cgi-bin/utree.pl?file=PDP7-Unix/cmd/... V2 of Unix had no comments in cat. https://minnie.tuhs.org/cgi-bin/utree.pl?file=V2/cmd/cat.s It's a extreme example, but I know which one i would prefer to debug or modify. They can probably flag autoplays in the statistics? And, to be fair, Netflix is not making more money for more streaming, or have I missed something. Autoplay should actually cost them money for bandwidth wasted in the case the customer don't want the next episode. I would not consider autoplay the next episode a dark pattern. I'm just thinking what are all these letters on my screen. The first code example in the blogpost look like Javascript callback chains. These new right left-values, special rightvalues etc make my head hurt. Template programming makes my head hurt. I can't look into fancy cpp code and understand it anymore. I'm wondering have new programmers are supposed to catch up too all the things in cpp even now and the mountain is getting ever bigger. Maybe National was tired of costumers calling them for support to fix the bluetooth link or wrecking the company ranking on review sites becouse bluetooth problems. I dislike bluetooth. It's so much problems. But atleast it has got better since it was introduced in the late 90s(?) when I first tried it with a Ericsson headset. It's the same UI-less problem as I experience with Chromecast. When the magic box doesnt magically work, you are stranded with no clue what to do other then reseting stuff in random order. Wont the risk for officer rebellion increase with decreased size of the chore? Even so, it's probably more likely that some murder bot engineers rebell against the ruler than thousands of soldiers and officers who have a harder time organizing than a smaller group. Obviously, this apply for 'evil' rebells vs 'good' governments too. I would not like to have a single point of failure murder bot army as garrisons. Beer surplus, I would say. Heh, yeah. It's not like he have made calculation of bridge steel welds or something without proper legal papers. He complained over the yellow light timing ... I agree. I meant a calculations for building a bridge, and having responsibility for it. It's more or less the only factor. I don't blame city council for not foreseeing this after the Dotcom bubble. They would have to have built a city wall to keep low skill labor out to protect the low wage workers in the city from a never ending stream of dreamers who don't understand they will not make it in the long run working in restaurants, stores, car maintenance or what ever. Internet money is displacing ordinary people, i.e. children of house owning residents who can't land a well paid job, and people in rental units. If you have a family you can't expect all children to get well paid jobs, you can't expect your parents to be around being good grandparents after they retire and if you are born in the area you can't expect your childhood/teen/20s friends to stay around for the same reason - not everyone can get high paying jobs. I mean, it's not a nice community if the people you grow up with have to move because they can't stay competitive enough. When I worked in Palo Alto (as a high paid tech worker displacing old folks ...), I didn't think about this at all. It was first afterwards I realized that ordinary people were missing and there were very few children over all. Should be verifiable on the inside with stuff popping up at the boundary, right? When I read these quantum articles I think it's might as well be mambo jambo. Are the fundamentals of quantum physics even falsifiable? Wait what? What if only 0.5% of your costumers complain? Or that 0.1% of the pet you walk are cats and 99.9 dogs, and you get complaints that you are bad at walking with cats and bad at walking with dogs. Is it good use of the metric to conclude that the cats are the problem? Maybe cat owners complain because their cats were eaten by the dogs, and you scared away other cat owners and lost profit. Ye, well I agree it's probably not worth the fuzz support Mac or Linux for gaming. But I mean, without numbers on how much extra dev time the linux port demanded it's hard to reason about what a 0.1% revenue increase means. 0.1% is still 0.1% and could have been more if it didn't crash at that rate and discouraged buyers. Since they released for Mac the game must have been programmed with cross platform functionality in mind. "- library developers can easily see the impact their changes will have on their consumers" So, to commit breaking changes you need to file 30 Jira tickets first and wait for a synced commit with 30 branches? Or how do you do it? Do monorepo shops work without releases and stable versions? If dependent projects (in use) pull your head and there is no synced development I assume you will end up with a complete legacy mess to work around other projects unit tests to get anything done. But they do. They let them target ads based on your location. It's the same thing as selling personal data. If someone clicks a location targeted ad the advertiser know the persons location. https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/1722043?hl=en "Google Ads location targeting allows your ads to appear in the geographic locations that you choose: countries, areas within a country, a radius around a location , or location groups, which can include places of interest, your business locations, or tiered demographics. Location targeting helps you focus your advertising on the areas where you'll find the right customers, and restrict it in areas where you won't. This specific type of targeting could help increase your return on investment (ROI) as a result." In a sense Google is spyware and adware at the same time. It shame these two terms are used less now then they used too, since they lost their meaning when so many apps and your Android phone itself is one. Is there a contradiction? Geo ip doesn't have that accuracy, right? Google use GPS. https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/2453995?hl=en "Device location: Depending on a user's location settings, we may be able to use a precise location for advertising, based on one of these sources of location data: GPS: Accuracy varies depending on GPS signal and connection. Wi-Fi: Accuracy should be similar to the access range of a typical Wi-Fi router. Bluetooth: If Bluetooth and/or Bluetooth scanning are enabled on a device, a publicly broadcast Bluetooth signal can provide an accurate indication of location Google's cell ID (cell tower) location database: Used in the absence of Wi-Fi or GPS. Accuracy is dependent on how many cell towers are located within an area and available data, and some devices don't support cell ID location." Yes. I'm not saying it is as bad as selling the information verbatim to banksters to collect someone's debt. However, it's still selling personal information to adbuyers. And, I don't think you can say "nobody is successfully using ads to determine ad clickers general location with a X mile radius". This surveillance thing is getting out of hand and Google is annoyed that shady corporations tries to get ground which might bring new laws. It's not city accuracy. It's 1000 m nominal. If you could target a peak or small island and get better effective accuracy, I would not be surprised. "You can choose one of the default radius settings or set a custom radius from a minimum of 1 km to a maximum of 1,000 km." https://support.google.com/richmedia/answer/7279179?hl=en&re... This is acctually probably how they do it. Adding people to a department actually helps if it's understaffed. But I guess the keyboard design is a managment problem not a engineer problem. "The mythical man month" should not be interpreted dogmatically. The computers see and can click the whole battle field and the humans have a view port at a specific area. Star Craft is very micro oriented (give orders in real time to units rather than just clicking attack and wait), so the computers have a huge, unfair, advantage in being able to see everything at once and micro everywhere at once and react faster on emerging enemy units, since they are always looking everywhere. Zooming out for a human player would be considered cheating. It would be easier to see hit and run attacks and react in time etc. Overfitting maybe. The show off game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUTMhmVh1qs&t=2h31m22s The bot is getting it's main force lured back to it's base by hit and runs for it's resource producers. Repeating the same mistake again and again. Later it acts confused and rather have it's main base wrecked than having a high risk fight with it's main force vs the players main force, even though it would auto-lose not doing so. I've got a feeling these bots have a huge API advantage in "mechanical" skills versus humans. Eg. it has to be way faster to retrieve the "x ability used by y" event than seeing an animation unfold on the screen, leaking intention to bots earlier then human players. The Dota bot was easy to exploit after some game against it to figure it out for example. Ye. Service vehicles usually are exempted from the actual parking rules in practice. A sewage utility vehicle wont get ticketed if it has a pipe going down a adjacent drain and has the wheels on the sidewalk etc. Walking from a free parking spot to the delivery location is not included in the price. Unless all delivery companies are forced to follow the parking laws (for real) at the same time they will just go out of business. The problem is that the end user don't know what quality of delivery they will get, so they choose the cheapest, and there is a race to the bottom, like flight tickets. When comparing prices the end user doesn't know that they might be beaten off the plane by security to make room for a business class late arrival end user, so the risk is not priced in correctly ... Java Applets were awesome. ActiveX is handy for enterprise glue. Flash is nice too. There was a huge gap before JS frameworks cought up to Java Applets and Flash after they in practice were dropped. Low precision systematic sacking of colleges is a dystopian nightmare no mather what the pretext is. You can't fire people and keep the morale up unless the sacked have anti-social behavoiur. Further more, if you can't trust management to hire people you can't trust them to fire people. I often think that "programmers that can't code" is an euphemism for "programmer why won't do unpaid overtime to catch up on the code base" or "programmer who has no experience". The industry is not expecting mechanical engineers to actually do advanced work fresh of university but somehow in some places programmers are thought of as a ready worker package for the sewing machines. I'm also yet to meet these programmers who can't code. There are plenty of engineers that barely can code though, but they don't call themselves programmers. And there are plenty of inexperienced programmers that can't code and if they won't learn they will drop out for other positions. This doesn't make sense. "A-Players hire A-Players; B-Player hire C-Players" If B:s hires C:s than in analogue A:s would hire B:s since it's a bell curve-ish distribution not digital buckets. Who hires the A:s? A, B and C:s by accident? "I believe it forces people to improve themselves and their game." You probably want people to improve their skills in their craft, not players to improve their skills in the a management game. Then it is not forced? Are there any proof of this, that it's making people work harder? If there is, does it offset the potential tendency of workers to not want to help new hires getting up to speed in fear of being eaten by the alligator? What about teams that turn around and beat the alligator to death with sticks. It sounds like the foundation of civilization. Maybe cooperation is not for co-operations. Who knows. So the counter argument is that the Trump admin didn't found Huff Post? The original plan was that Trump would lose. The employeer should have a "replacement" ready anyway since people might also quit. Preparing for the pssobility of this or eg. paternity leave is a good anti-employee lock-in meassure for skilled workers. A possible argument against the system is that there are many temp working contracts to fill in for the fulltimers on leave. France and the US has a military alliance. I think choosing side between Amazon and the french army would be easy decision in fawor of the side with the guns. If the value of Amazon in France is their customer list, then the government always will have more "customers" enlisted. The power of FANG is always one government decision away from being relativly zero to today. The opposit is hardly true except in really small or unstable states. I don't get it. Why would anyone buy a 99,9 return for 100 or 104 return for 104,1. Are the bounds a token for large bills or what? If 100'000 € bills existed, would founds etc. get those instead? Is there a tax on cash or something. Finance always seems like a big scam to me. It doesn't make any sense and the truth is protected by a guild of banksters under layers of complex hard to access rules and what not. It seems like a scam. I'm feeling scammed when I'm buying stock with a 30 min delay on pricing and orders becouse I'm not hooked up to the really expansive investor network. I'm feeling scammed when I can't buy real estate obligations directly but have to indirectly buy it via some expensive fund. I'm feeling scammed when Master Card charges x.x% of every transaction I do with my bank card and it doesn't even show up on the recipe. But maybe it's just me. It's not really a scam since I know I'm being scammed, than it's just business I guess. Oh, that actually makes sense. It atleast explains why interest can be nagative on bunds. It's money with a back-up copy in e.g. the Central Bank if you lose it. Why make the fuzz and having bunds in the first place and not just have the Central Bank offer accounts with a card connected? The bund system seems like an arcaic paper thing that made sense 40 years ago. Ye, well agree I get that. But the price of the banks services is in no way justified by the value added? A 2% card fee is 24 minutes off a 40h work week spending half your wage with card. It's like going to the physical bank and withdrawing money saves you time if you are near by anyways (pretending the card fee was added to the recipes as a cost). If you make 1000 USD a week, that's 10 USD or having 20 letters sent all over the country being delivered by hand every week. Card purchases are not being manually reviewed by the bank anymore like the old photo copy ones, but we still pay for it. It's just insane how this arcaic system prevails and how much profit can be squeezed out off it. I guess with card fee's the main problem is that the consumer is not paying it directly, and the companys don't have the guts to openly put the cost on the consumer. Did that blog post say anything consistent I just got confused reading it? Why is empathy not the secret sauce for building bridges or railroads? Is it maybe? Naming empathy as the most important thing for a project is not even correct if you are doing homeless shelter charity work. The biggest problems I've had in projects has always been of techical nature, or people failing to understand problems of techical nature, not people failing to feel with other people. It's enforced by the state. Simple as that. If the company want to let you go for not being needed any more they need to follow the last in first out rule for similair positions/qualifications and if you are that person the company has to give you x months of notice and pay, but I'm not sure what happens if they do that during a leave. Ye well, "empathy" is the art of understanding what other people feel intuitively or to share feelings (feel the same thing as the subject) more or less. It helps to have be good at that, but, when you are talking about people problems, if you allow me to be abit presumptuous .. :) .. it is most likely some kind of anti-social behavior (drama, turf war, pride, w/e), not lack om empathy. Empathy can even be utilized used to fuel drama. It doesn't have to be used for good. If you are surrounded by asses no amount of empathy will help. The advice can just as well be "work with nice and kind people - they make great teams together". Empathy in this case is just a buzzword for something obvious. That's maybe because some believe that technical skills is the premiere quality of a technical worker. Empathy is maybe one of the most important skill for therapist. Maybe some developers believe that this Empathy guy is another one of these HR/Agil/Scrum Consultant making big money telling others how they should feel better and be happier in an one hour session in a big hall to tick of a check box in the employee education program when their main concern might be parking space in the morning, some hard task at work or forced attrition etc. This is kind off strange for a non US resident to grasp. I've been employed as a programmer three times and noone tested my coding abilites what so ever on the interviews. No samples, nothing. Never heard of any collegue doing that either. Yes? Obviously it's not far fetched to fear that Google will spy on their alarm users, as its core business depends on it. Conspiracys is not a nutcase dellusion it happens all the time but the term is somehow tainted, which in itself is somewhat of a conspiracy... "the microphone has never been on", Google say about a passive device as it matters. More accurate would be "we did not record the microphone" but that might sound bad ... So stacking up debt is how you stay on top of a downturn in the economy when it comes? Most (?) developers can't even buy a mouse without prior permission. "Free" is more convient at work than at home. If I need something at home I just pay. At work ... Compare the hazzle of getting a Win10 VM up and running compared to a Ubuntu one with licensing issues. A Win10 image is like 3 days away. An Ubuntu 30 min. The slower alternative also happens to cost money. Put in perspective, a CEO pay check can eg. be that of 100 engineers (Volvo Cars CEO). Lets say the CEO instead got compensated 10x engineers. That would leave 90 extra engineers for different projects. Given how resource constraned everything usually is, that would have a huge impact. I would say the most important thing with the CEO is that he is not extremely bad. The extra value provided for the 10x to 100x is probably not worth it for the owners compared to risk with less engineers. What tabsize do you enforce and how many meetings were it before a number was agreed upon? Interviewing is like dating. If you aren't desperate but picky you will just turn down candidates untill you are desperate and just pick one and than dellude yourself into thinking you made a well informed choice. It's pretty much garbage, with a self proclaimed truism not supported by data, like interviewing in generall. I can't tell the elite 5% programmers from the 70%+ percentile programmers, or what ever numbers I make up, during the interview process anyway. It's maybe possible to spot rock buttom programmers from the best, but telling a mediocre programmer (50th percentile) from a really bad is probably really hard. Interviewing resembles dating. Spam untill you suceed if you cant be picky. Old crud apps ware probably the prime of usability. These hotel booking systems with green text terminals and hot keys for everything. The video store where I grew up had a similar text based interface to some floppy located database for rentals. Amazingly fast and some override button to force invalid entries when someone else had messed up or something was registered wrong. Binaries run straight from a floppy with no fancy OS to interrupt the very simple yet manually tedious things it does. Many apps today are way over cooked for what they do. So much diagrams with made up data. It's like ... it's OK to make up things just because it not falsifiable. Who could have thought? "Onsite interview (high effort): The candidate goes onsite for a day of interviews at the company." You don't have to interview for a day, silly. "Often, resumes are screened in a few minutes (or seconds!)" Jesus, throw a dice instead. How about this process. * Post ad. * Pick 4 candidates and bring to your office. (Throw a dice to filter resumes out if they are too many). * Interview them for 1h and give a offer to the best candidate. If he declines, give offer to 2nd best and so on. Resembles a date. Dating and interviewing has much in common. Judge a person in the time it takes to drink two beers to see if you want to stick together. It's all hunches and feeling and there is no need to over analyze it. OK true it is a bit of nitpicking. It takes a while before you relize it's wrong and unsubstainable. And then it's too late becouse you have been a waitress or what ever for 3 years and when you move out there are plenty of people willing to take your place before they realize it and so on. Big city hype. And there are some real natives with rent control housing. I lived in Palo Alto for half a year before I even though about how the grocery store clerks could affor living there (which they don't). You also notice the lack of children after a while. I've never got any in Europe. Maybe the cheap spam bots are not localized? Only robot calls I get is after contacting customer support they autocall you and ask the enter a rating of the call. You forgot balance, sound and vibrations. It seems like a good and futuristic idea until you almost drive off the road trying to change radio volume. Ye, it's is kinda obvious that the decision is made before you "know it". How would it otherwise work. "clearly a case of Russian forces mistakenly shooting down a passenger jet" Why not: "probably a case of Russian or Ukrainian forces shooting down a passenger jet"? Why "clearly" US burning the truck instead of say a local false flag or truck malfunction? You make a lot of assumptions for saying something is clear. I'm not a physicist but that seems accurate. Click bait paper. I mean, non casual filter (time travel filters!) are nothing more fancy than a post measurement analysis where we know y_n+1 at y_n, for example. How do we know that there are no work done by the computer on the states? They didn't test for eg. 010 back and forth. There might be a 000 bias, etc. The autors write that the registers went from 000 to something and back approx. 50% of the time when the random chance of it was really small. An ideal 386 computer could be thought off as not requiring energy too, right? A looping pseudo random number generator would then be time reversal. It's not saying anything really. The clerk at Starbucks wont profile me for ads on Facebook even if she will learn what I usually order, though. Why prevent users from whitelisting yorco.com? It's equally anoying that you can't blacklist what Google whitelists. You have to do folders or rules to delete mails from whitelisted senders. Do FB give you data for the controll group, target demographic FB users that did not see the add? Ie. whats the difference in ROI for 0$ and $$$? There is a general description of some nomenclature and symbols in the appendix which I assume the student get. What this really measures is corricilum. And pressumbly it's more stuff like this in the US then Russia? You mean a snow blower crossed with a automatic lawn mower? Sounds like a quite simple and fun student project, but the hard part is probably making it safe enough for an actual product. As a side note, here's a automatic hamburger restaurant from the 50s. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FmXLqImT1wE&t=437s If you when calculating an average actually reach overflow in a double without messing up the precision first and making the calculation worthless in the first place, some numbers in the list of numbers is bogusly big anyway. "Office politics" is a euphemism for anti-social behavior as I see it. And, an office "without politics" with more than two persons maybe doesn't exist, but there is certainly more "office politics" in Paradise Hotel than in my office, so it's not like anyone that stays out becomes a pawn in some scheme. The term "angel investor" is so cheesy. It implies altruistic motives, which are fairly rare in tech compared to say art. Maybe the shift is due to the ever expanding definition of what a start-up is. Who knows, maybe the author, but he doesn't specify any sources. I would happely bike 45 min to work 7 months a year when it's not freezing and I did so, till I left academia and took a industry job 45 min away with car. The main problem for commuting efficiency is housing and barrier of entry for getting a job close to where I live or vice versa. That's true. I never though about it that way. Where I live there's a commercial for online Casino ("Mr Green") where a woman hit a 2,5 million approx. USD jackpot, and 2 years later she won 5 million USD. The commercial was reported for fraud by someone of the public because it was unbelievable, but the casino showed for the investigators that the winnings were real. However, guessing that the woman probably played for a lot of her winnings, a second jackpot is not that improbable. And I guess she didn't stop there either ... That was a game of pure luck though, and Poker seems to be somewhat equal that off golf in skill vs luck at top level. https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/9469/72de84cd72f5f7edbcedf4... Interesting ... it's more or less like the 90s call rates or post stamp fee. Maybe the most effective way to combat spam is to "tax" it? I would gladly pay 10 cent to the called or receiver for every call or mail I sent to recipients who hadn't whitelisted me, as long as it was mutual. The spammers would not. Then again, I still receive alot of paper spam in my physical mailbox and humans paid full time to sell me stuff still call where the call cost is not the main cost, so it wouldn't solve very much and would be hard to organize practically. Uber operates with a loss. The prices are under marginal cost. The drivers have no scale benefits like ordinary Taxi companies when it comes to buying cars or maintenance. It only makes economical sense to drive for Uber with the car if you can't sell it for a good price (you know the car is good and not abused, the buyer doesn't) and that you don't plan on buying a new car after the wheels fall off on the present one, or you need to liquidize your assets a little bit, i.e. getting approx. 100USD for decreasing the value of the car and buying gas driving for Uber for 100USD. Strange. Where I live it's common practice to ask former employers about a persons performance. I you have no prior work experience they would want to call your math theacher or army drill instructor. In the US it's illegal? It's discrimation yes but isn't that the whole point of a recruitment process? The point with cog is that you will have the output in the file also. The ide doesn't need to understand the generator. I like Cog. It is usefull for a set of problems. Eg. writing big enums for cpp with enum-to-string and back functions etc. If you are hunting vampires there are the choice of the Silver Bullet avaible. Some times, the benefits from something compared to another thing are so great that there are no downsides. If the rasp in the closets doesn't suffice you can always add another one. Car tires should be far more common than MC tires, atleast. Niagara Falls? It's seems really specific. "Freedom from credit card companies" nr.7 seems like a one off comment. I would guess they messed up the list generation if they have actual data at all. The number 4,5h seems bogus too. I can't find any source of the study so I assume it's bogus SEO click-bait spam to increase the rank of H&R. Searching for the quotes reveal some spammy articles with convenient url-links to H&R. I read the article because I thought "this can't be right, right?", and sure enough, it seems like SEO click-bait. Their marketing will now be able to show a spike in traffic because of me searching for their stupid product and can report marketing success to their boss even tough I would never though the company again. I fell a bit dirty ... I play City Skylines only to tune my roads with that mod. It's awesome, but in general I think the game has some annoying flaws, like that bringing dead people to graveyard is like a logistical problem, the blocky zoning makes neighborhoods boring, buildings are never that big, etc. Satelite constellation (position in the sky) is date stamped right? If the internal clock date doesn't match the received the updates may be ignored. At the time there were no battery production capacity for mass market EVs, so they bet on the only horse running the EV race which were small batteries and a gas tank. Ehm ... Linked in has better data that the tax office? That's a universal problem not just programming. Imagine if sleezy fast food restaurants raised the wages abit so they could keep employees longer before they go for a 'real' job. But no, instead you set the wage so that anyone with a choice leaves. I think the main reason for these places that are mainly hiring young programmers are that they are way less expensive if you count in unpaid overtime you can force them into. Older programmers that agree to that are desperate and not sought after anyway. Young programmers need experience so that they can become older programmers and agree to it. Volvo doesn't have self driving as a cunsumer offer. Or have I missed something? Yes? Unless the victim is living under a new identity or similair, the victim's name should be in the court records which should be available to the public. I think you got it the other way around. They have decreased the price of labour and thus increased the demand for it. This is more or less an employer union. Power Point? What have PPT ever done to you? Ye. C++ used a preprocessor in it's early days. Edit: I like this: "#define in ," to make "foreach(a in b)" loops. It's a approximately a zero sum game in the cartel. That was my point. If the price goes down the demand goes up. So the total demand for programmers increase (the demand for the other companies programmers decrease, of-course). It's a subjective matter of semantics, though. Not really but I guess that's dependent on company culture. You work at a stack rank place? Where I work Power Point is mainly used to make presentations that are easy to read on a projector screen (as it should be used). On many places it seems to be used as a general document writer application ... so what we emotionaly associate with Power Point might differ alot. "As estimators gain more experience, their estimating skills improve. So throw away any velocities older than, say, six months." I don't know how Spolsky is (was) as a boss, but it's is way easier to just adjust your time reports according to the estimates and make your boss happy than to actually try for no benefits to either you or the project. As long as the estimation errors are white noise-ish and in linear relation to actual task length, which is the assumption for his model to work, manipulated time reporting and not manipulated make no difference. I've noticed that when programmers are introduced to Agile they initially are bad at time estimates until they learn that you actually can report time according to the estimates and no-one will ever notice. Extra points for looking on the burndown chart before reporting time to make it smooth. "Some developers (like Milton in this picture) may be causing problems because their ship dates are so uncertain: they need to work on learning to estimate better. Other developers (like Jane) have very precise ship dates that are just too late: they need to have some of their work taken off their plate." Milton is probably doing fair estimates. When planning four months into the future you probably can say where you are within 2 months with 50% probability (or what ever boxplot he uses) of where you think you will be at that time. Janes reporting is obviously manipulated to match the estimates. We use MS Teams to chat with people at the next desk. Especially since some uses headphones and you would have to scream. How much space does a indoor wall take in comparation to the space between the desk there are anyway in open offices. You have to put cabinets on the floor since shelves can't hang on walls. Whiteboards are on feet in the "hallway". I have never been in an open office and though "Jeez look at all the space they save by not having walls" if you would compare to 6 or 4 person offices. People that don't need to concentrate or that are not easely disturbed have no problem with it. I dislike it with passion and open office together with no parking spaces close by later than 08:15 made me look for a new job. These everyday problems are the most annoying. Why is there a need for changing software? What are all the FB devs doing all day really except ads tuning. I want a feed of freinds writing everyday bullshit and that just got worse by time untill I no longer use Facebook. It's like chat apps like MSN Messenger that stayed the same for years with no problems what so ever. Interesting about the SAAB fighter. Essentially the opposite of spaghetti code? One really long spaghetti straw that is uncooked? I like really long function bodys so I get turned on by the idea. I usually use re2c or yacc with lex. Return some object from the parser for each token type and put it in a tree node. With re2c the code is quite clean with inlined reg ex:s and logic in tagged comments. These function chaining approaches gets out of hand for any non trivial problem you could have solved with just writing some loops anyway by hand. How are you supposed to read code like this example with all these parentheses. I wonder how the compiler optimizes the chains. You would want the char literals to be immediate literals in the machine code and I am not too sure the compiler are able to produce that from this. I also wonder about stack depth. Ye. He also seems to have a quite big ego. I like FAAMG but it's not pronounceble. I always though Netflix was a odd company next to the giants. MS is a better one. Maybe IBM should be included as well. "FAGAMI" ... maybe "FAMAGI" to be less profound. Interesting that is what I felt without being able to put words on it. When you read the text's beginning it feels like real text but after reading some sentences you feel something is way off. And it's abit creepy.