Your questions and answers aren't really "yours" on SE. That's the way it works. A bit unusual, but nothing wrong per se. Like Wikipedia, but that you still get credit for what you started. In my country (Norway) the seller, importer and manufacturer are obliged by law to fix or replace broken items the first 3 to 5 years after purchase depending on type of item. So warranty/guarantee is mostly useless, what the law provides us consumers is already better. Why is 6 months a more reasonable warranty? If my phone breaks down for any reason that is not my fault after 8 months, I'd expect to get a new one or it to be fixed for free. Politically, Norway is very left/socialistic. So that this "forces everyone" to pay for it is generally looked upon as OK, because one is not punished for getting a randomly faulty device. And it's great as a consumer, I get what I pay for, a functioning device. Well, the Norwegian government has decided that a phone should be expected to last for three years, a sofa for five etc. So a phone breaking down after two years from normal usage and no faults by the user is per definition a faulty device. This actually creates incentives to make more sturdy products and not speculate in planned obsolescence. > isn't it great for you as a consumer that you can take money from the manufacturer? That's not my point, and a gross misrepresentation of socialism. I know that in the end the consumers pay for it. But everyone chips in for those less fortunate to get a proper functioning device. >> doesn't seem like a game-changing difference to me The big difference here is that there is women selling these in private to other women. No man behind a counter. When the women come together about this, it may end up not being such a taboo, and they get advise on how to actually do this. So the game changer here isn't the price, but the community and independence for the women evolving around this product. That's kinda the point, though. Read the comments for that file. ;) > The other has refused to accept them, instead charging a fixed percentage service fee. Why not just show the real price in the menu? I feel offended when I've gotten shitty service and have to pay a "service fee". I also hate when my tip is what's paying the wages. Just set the price higher to cover the wages! They need to spend money on infrastructure/raw power for the interactive worm sims simulation. The code is open, so I guess that means you can host your own version if you'd like? Wow, cool that someone is sharing our project! It's for a course at my university called "experts in teams" where they combine master students from many programs in teams and give them tasks. A video with more shoots is available[1]. We got UAVs for the Norwegian oil industry as a task, and explored how they can be flown better in the future. Other teams with the same task made other cool stuff as well, for instance a custom drone for geological mapping. [2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANSjwWomIJ8 [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5di01L1mot8 Ironic that your reply to a piece about strawmen is nothing but a strawman. Of course he is not meaning what you're saying, he's talking about context switching. If I have to wait 15 seconds for my tests to run, I start doing something else and my thought process around the problem is gone. I think it's only possible to up vote comments after a day or so, and no longer down vote. So when you say something controversial, the first hours you get a lot of both up- and down votes. But after a while, you only get the up votes. My student newspaper has written about the Moser couple and their research several times [1][2]. It's in Norwegian, though, so not sure how much of use it is to share (edit: apparently we have an English version of the second article, see response to this post). Does anyone have good resources about their research for a layman? Most international articles I've found contain very little other than the same stuff in this press release. [1]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/24478/ett-kart-for-alle-rom/ [2]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/22614/hjernefamilie/ Strawman... I'm neither against build tools nor the idea of a js build tool. Make would basically just run CLI in this instance, so it's exactly what I like. I like maven, but I hate when I need a special maven plugin for the tool I want to use. All these tools expose a nice CLI that can be used, no need to complicate it by adding more abstractions. If it weren't for how Grunt can watch files, I would have scrapped it for our project. Because the config Gruntfile for our build process is impossible to understand and maintain, but the end results are just some simple commands to various tools. Wow, cool to see my thesis here! I posted a picture of it [1] to r/bicycling yesterday titled I managed to make my thesis in computer science be about bicycles! , and it got some traction. I answered some questions in the discussion, if anyone is interested. [1]: https://redd.it/3p8hua Everything seem complicated when you dont properly understand the problem. This post is a good reason for why you shouldn't be picked. But that's not a library. It forces your whole project into a box in which it may not fit. Elm is not without problems as well, although they (him?) are working on the biggest pain-points. Not sure why you are calling off-piste skiing silly, a rich man sport and something one shouldn't do. It's an incredible feeling, lots of fun, and if you have to walk up the mountain first it's a nice nature experience as well. Yes, it can be dangerous, but it's a risk you can manage yourself. So it doesn't have to be very dangerous if one follows common advice and also don't ski where there is a high risk of avalanches. Everything carries a risk, my point was that off-piste skiing doesn't have to be too much more dangerous than more mundane stuff, like driving a car. > I'm having trouble beating a chess program I wrote. Not sure if I'm a bad player or the algorithm is decent Most beginners will lose to even a chess engine that only looks one step ahead, as it will not drop pieces in obvious ways, but the beginner will. Chess.js etc. is great btw. Last time I made some chess ai, most of the time was spent generating possible moves. En passant, promotion and stuff adds complexity. One thing I like about PHP for quick prototyping or one-off projects is that an error doesn't bring the whole server down. For instance, I held a workshop where I hosted a server the students were to do some requests to. I had written a simple Node application that read the json they sent and returned a result. What I didn't anticipate was that them sending malformed json would bring the whole server down. So then I had to add error handling and stuff. Of course one should normally do that, but in PHP the malformed requests would just fail, leaving other requests unharmed, which would be acceptable for this kind of project. You're not refusing my point by insisting on adding more complexity (a huge framework), when simplicity and rapid prototyping of a small script was the goal. This question is what I mean, extra stuff one has to keep in mind: http://stackoverflow.com/q/5999373/923847 Does it matter for a real project? Probably not, just some boilerplate. Does it matter when I want something quick up and running? Yes. Same for games written i Java, by using pooling and not deallocating until a safe spot. Was especially important in early Android, where a GC break would not just feel like minor lag, but actally make a really big stutter. I'd wish they were a bit more futuristic than having 9000 parking spaces. Why not offer buses from where their employees live or other means of transportation? It's easy to say that most people drive, but that's only because everyone always make that the most convenient mode of transportation. With some effort something else could be even more convenient. What does it mean being "supported", given that one already can use Kotlin on Android? One of the things I find hardest with redux is to make reusable components (across projects), as they have to be added to the state tree somewhere, and then connected. With nested components you may get implicit dependencies on where in the tree it should be. All this makes it very cumbersome. So even though most of our apps use Redux, the reusable parts use setState as they then can be completely independent. > In her case, she knows these people personally and they're not fake scripts Still, their opinions aren't trustworthy to me, given they are written by people close to the author. So I could actually agree with FakeSpot on this. Unleash is very powerful. https://github.com/Unleash/unleash I used proxies to make a fun library where you can call arbitrary functions, and it tries to make the function based on the name. For instance declaraoids.findWhereNameEqualsX(persons, {x: "Mats"}); It will generate the function on the fly. https://github.com/Matsemann/Declaraoids > To summarize, it seems like they made some mistakes, microed their services in a knee-jerk attempt to alleviate the symptoms of the mistakes, realized microservices didn't fix their mistakes, finally addressed the mistakes, then wrote a blog post about microservices. You try to remove the critique from microservices, but for me these issues are actually good arguments against microservices. It's hard to do right. As a kid that tinkered with programming/computers before I learned English, this has stuck as something I always misspell. While I agree React isn't the issue here, you chose horrible examples. Loading Facebook on my computer (especially trying to open a chat window) brings my computer to a knee. And using twitter on mobile browser you quickly learn how the spinner looks. > Flaw 2: One common suggestion is to let useState() accept a key argument (e.g. a string) that uniquely identifies a particular state variable within a component. I tried asking about that earlier here on HN[0], nice to finally at least get an explanation. The tldr is name clashes when reusing hooks. A valid concern, I think they should be more upfront about the reasoning instead of "hooks are magic, don't use them in these ways". That would make it easier to accept. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18640612 (and the blogpost in the answer didn't really answer it) This article went viral in Norway, helping lots of parents see the value gaming can have. Very touching how he was confined to a chair, but through RPing online could be whoever he wanted and had a positive impact on many people. Im working for a company that was bought by a private equity in 2015 and taken off the stock market. Then introduced to the market again about two years later. They left us mostly alone, and most things actually turned to the better. Maybe not having to answer to thousands of shareholders gave management the possibility to implement some needed changes. One example was a new salary/bonus/retirement structure giving a huge boost to most of us. So YMMV. Farouk al-Kasim. It's a fascinating story, glad I found this in webarchive as it's now behind a paywall. http://web.archive.org/web/20100123225932/http://www.ft.com/... > You'll regularly get harassed for riding in the street, even when you're all the way to the right I don't even understand the hate for riding in the middle. If a driver were to pass someone riding on the right, he would (should) have to move so far over that the next lane has to be empty. That is the same as if the bicyclist was in the middle. Riding to the right only invites cars to squeeze past. Take the lane, it's safer. > This is everything that is wrong with journalism today. What? It's not manufactured hate by journalists. Minutes after the presentation Twitter, reddit etc buzzed with this. So they only report on what people are reacting to. If the article and reactions are dumb because Apple could have spun this as a $6k monitor, then that's Apple's fault. I held a workshop once where people implemented this (and other image algorithms). The end result can be seen here [0], and the tasks here [1] (but in Norwegian). Can click the "run seam carving" button to watch it unfold step by step. [0]: https://matsemann.github.io/image-workshop/ [1]: https://github.com/Matsemann/image-workshop That's one thing I like with GDPR. It has to be informed consent for a lot of cases. Can't hide it and say you agreed to whatever in a hidden EULA. It actually reminds me of $scope.$watch from Angular 1. Yeah, I've seen lots of comments on how she's a left-wing puppet, or why they didn't get some scientist knowing what they speak about up there instead of a kid. But - Why is caring about climate left-wing? - It's the same people ignoring the scientists, that write this crap, so no, a scientist speaking doesn't solve anthing. Unfortunately. It wouldn't have come to this then. How is this inappropriate for adults? You are free not to like it, but you shouldn't gatekeep others. It's gatekeeping all right. It's a statement about what real adults should like and not. What you're doing is an absurd straw man, please don't behave like that. Yeah, the weeks I spent making that collection was quite mind-bending, hehe. I'd like to read more about this setup! Kudos to him. For all the flack JS gets, ES2015 was a huge boon to the ecosystem and pretty nice. > I've spent most of the last two years working on an in depth technical history of the evolution of JavaScript/ECMAScript from 1995 through 2015. It would be interesting to read. How things came to be the way they are. It's actually quite impressive that the various browsers/companies/etc manage to cooperate at all. In angular 1, if you had a function on the form myApp.controller('MyCtrl', function($myCoolService) { //... }); Angular would see that you are looking for a parameter named myCoolService, see if it already has it, and then inject it when calling your controller. This of course broke in various ways with minification when the parameter names were mangled. So one had the opportunity to use "array syntax", requesting a dependency by a string. Or use a preprocessor in the build script adding the array syntax before minifying. I think this is for data too, not just schemas. When playing with a workshop for this [0], I found it hard to make real-looking trees. Especially when trying to color them, as the recursiveness doesn't really care if you want it to be a branch or a trunk. I have experimented with checking the depth of the stack for the turtle, and using that to draw with a different color/strokweight. But still not sure how to make it look more like a real tree. [1] It's fun to experiment with, though! The image is produced by F: "FF", X: "F+[[X]-FX]-F[F-FX]+X" [0]: https://github.com/FredrikMeyer/lsystems-workshop edit index.js#L102 [1]: https://imgur.com/a/1flZ2b8 One usually just bundles a jre and package the whole thing to a binary[0]. You wouldn't even know the game you're playing is running java. One could probably improve this further with modules and the newer additions to java/jvm (jlink). [0]: https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/wiki/Bundling-a-JRE GC is also not that big of an issue in these type of games if one's careful of using pools for the various objects, and then release stuff at appropriate times. Looks like IntelliJ has it: - equals() or hashCode() called on java.net.URL object - Map or Set may contain java.net.URL objects https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/list-of-java-inspections... Optimizing my work-life to just sit at home alone all day sounds dystopian. I like biking to work, and meet my colleagues and have some kind of social contact during the 8 hours. If anything, one could optimize for remote teams, not everyone has to be in the same building. And not all companies have to have their office in the same street down town. I forgot my glasses in the hurry to work today, so I might be more susceptible to this than usual, but some of the contrasts are very low. For instance palette 14 the yellow links on white, or palette 10 the yellow links on green, are both impossible to read. Update: Contrast 1.02 according to devtools in firefox. Other than that I like the palettes. Kokichi Sugihara didn't reach quite the top this year with his "Facing-Right Illusion", but he has won multiple years with variations of this concept. Cool that it gets refined each year. I have calculated some of the shapes myself and a few unique ones. They can be seen here: https://www.thingiverse.com/Matsemann/collections/matsemanns... One would normally think that rotating it would create the same shape, but pointing the other way. My arrow here maybe makes it a bit more clear: https://github.com/Matsemann/impossible-objects You have quite overlap between some stuff. I would recommend "Clean Code", but then skip the rest from the same author, at least for a while. While "Code Complete" is good, it's loooong and also a lot of the same stuff. For patterns, "Head First" is a bit childish maybe, but the content is fine for someone learning to recognize patterns. "Patterns of Enterprise..." is also good, but more dry. I'd stick with one of those two. And then skip the one by GoF, unless you want to read the "original" for some reason. "The Pragmatic Programmer" is probably the book that has shaped my work the most. Well, I still read them almost every christmas. At least a few of them. I'd also recommend Brandon Sanderson. Mistborn series is very good, and Stormligh Archive is good so far. I really like his world-building, and I think the way he uses magic is something most HNers would approve of. It's often well defined, and the characters try to exploit it the same way a reader would. Watered down is a feature. Code bases with Scala tends to be unreadable for people not well versed in the language. Kotlin is mostly just a better Java. So it's easier to introduce. And the interop is first class, so it's really easy to mix and match java and kotlin, which also makes it easier to gradually introduce. Is there a limit to what one can do with these six characters? Like, now we're reading values from the string "false". We also could read from "true", and maybe undefined (how?). But can one do more? If one can generate "window", one should be able to call functions through window["functionName"]() and do general computing with this, I think? Curios, why post this? Aren't most films subsidized in some ways, even the huge successful ones? Lots of communities bend over backwards to get them to come and film. Tax breaks, cheap studio rent or whatever. New york gave out $621M a year in tax breaks, that's as much as $31 dollar per person living there, according to wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Movie_production_incentives_in... Firefox for android supports addons, though, so can be customized to do anything. I can't believe people use Chrome om Android when you can have Fx with ad blocking! For your problem, I use an addon called "simple gesture" that allows me to add all kinds of gestures/actions. My experience and what's often echoed here on HN is that Fx is better with multiple tabs, as Chrome's one process per tab can hog too many resources. With Fx, that actually has a usable history search in theaaddress bar (Chrome wants you to google), I also really don't need to keep stuff open not to lose it. Containers in Fx makes this super-easy, try it out. - access data: probably because the gesture is actually done inside the page you're viewing, so it has to be able to capture that - clipboard: it was a feature requested, for gestures to be able to work with the clip board: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/android/addon/simple-gestur... So just recently added for that reason I consider that a feature. Nothing stops you from only using a single and different container per window, though. > was a set of data breaches on the platform and the internal answer was to not announce it and put the blame on me In Europe this could be a violation of GDPR not to report it. If so, they would hurt themselves more by spreading this. https://gdpr-info.eu/art-33-gdpr/ I don't really find that the way it's hinged make any big difference. So I've never used that to consider if a scissor is left or right handed. The problem is when it's not symmetrical. For instance the Fiskars [0], is impossible to get the thumb through when using the left hand. [0]: https://imgur.com/a/bN3XkHp I hope you see the difference between fake praise and harrassment. "Both sides are wrong" doesn't mean they are equally bad. People have probably been happy with their tools for centuries. Just because one cannot imagine something better doesn't mean there's no possibility for it to exist. If anything, this defeatist attitude may prove the author right. > This implies that the parent's sentiment about git is negative. No, I meant defeatist as in "I have given up finding something better as it will never exist". Maybe, but that has nothing to do with my point. I was happy copying my files back in the days for versioning ( final_draft, final_draft01, final_draft_absolute_final, final_draft_use_this_one ), but that was because I didn't know of anything better. What I'm saying is that even though we don't see it now, there's probably something better out there waiting to be discovered. As he said, a sub domain is often considered a separate domain when it comes to SEO. His other arguments about naming seems rather hand-wavy, though. Security-wise, a subdomain can also be a different origin. Which is often positive, so a flaw in your blogging software doesn't allow someone to extract cookies or so from the main site. Is this FUD or do you have anything to back this up with? If anything, it's better to be able to read the actual paper than someone else's reporting on it. Far too often mainstream news prints "Eat X to cure Y". Having access to the paper one can better see if the claims are even worth considering. > I have met quite a number of professors who would surely expel me from the university if I had scanned an expensive textbook and shared it with other students, yet they magically support SciHub. That's because textbooks is a scam the professors are in on and profit off. In Norway the student loan is from the government, and everyone qualifies. > I've lived in a Scandinavian country with similar quantities most of my life but I can't recall a single time lost property came back But my experience is the opposite: Managed to leave my backpack on a bench in the busiest part of Oslo S when taking the train with too much skis and stuff so I forgot it in the struggle. Anyone could have just snatched it walking by, but instead someone saw it was unattended and delivered it at some lost&found so I got it back a week later. Also in Oslo, I forgot my laptop at the table on an outside cafe. When I came back to fetch it a few hours later it was still where I left it. So while there probably can be differences between countries, I also think it's too easy to extract too much from one's own experiences, which may not be typical. No, one can now produce snow in ambient temperatures up to 25C. It gets a bit slushy, though, but when the snow heap is big enough it gets almost self sustained. It just costs a lot and is not environmentally friendly to use so much power to cool down the water in the snow cannons. Locally they are experimenting on heat pump technology, and to use the excess heat to something useful. Then it might be more viable. Probably cannot do it in too high temperatures, but a bit above freezing should work. Here, they have also experimented on building a gigantic heap of snow at the end of the season, and covering it so it doesn't melt too much during summer. Then it's easier to lay artificial snow on top in the fall, or the natural snow that occurs doesn't just melt when hitting the ground. Don't be flippant. As someone growing up in the mountains, the ski resort is the one thing keeping the wheels turning. Loosing it will actually quite literally mean forcing us out of our homes. > Due to the high prices of ski resort tickets and bad snow conditions many (like myself) started to pick it up. If anything, ski touring is often more expensive (gear wise, might save on the ski pass if not starting from the top of a lift). It also has a bigger dependency on snow quality if one want a fun ski experience and isn't mainly in it for the touring part. > and just because someone has the time to write a patch doesn't mean they have the desire or time to run a project But at the same time, why should the original author do it? No one is paying for his or hers time. I wonder how many innocent plead guilty in a plea bargain, just because they don't have the resources to fight the charges. Quite perverse incentives. > strange to include in this list (like "memory corruption" - in case of faulty memory, everything is in danger, not only database) But theoretically one could build something that handles up to X random bit flips, so it's maybe worth mentioning that sqlite doesn't handle this (even though probably no one else does as well) The conference in Oslo is going from a single day to two-days this year, so not stalling here so far I think. https://osloelmdays.no/ > that is a really short list But was it a well-known list before this? I hadn't seen it, and know of a few projects that could have been on there. What I'd like the list to include, though, is some references to the companies discussing using Elm. Pros and cons, the scale to which it is used etc. For instance for Vy there is this blog post: https://blogg.bekk.no/using-elm-at-vy-e028b11179eb For 3., we use elm-git-install https://github.com/Skinney/elm-git-install You have been outed for spewing elm-hate just yesterday, and now you're all over this thread as well https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22236258 Be careful taking his words as a correction, he is being toxic about elm all over the place. I got approached from Packt publishing based on a github repo. Thought it was cool at the time, but later I felt maybe it was a bit like recruiterspam on linkedin, I just got hit by some keyword filter, as my repo wasn't particularly exciting. The Angular1 apps I wrote around that time are still running as well. The question is about maintaining them. Did you try to actually upgrade the react version? Lots and lots of breaking changes in that time, some really major ones along the way. Especially when upgrading react also forced one to change router etc. Had to check. Lycos/tripod is still hosting a stupid website me and some friends made a bit after 2000 (2004?). The cost is probably none (some static files), but I'm impressed they haven't just removed it or lost it during all these years. Stagnant and probably no visitors other than us the weekend we made it. Edit: the glory: http://moj24.tripod.com/ animated background, marquee and right-click blocking script in case someone tried stealing our content I tried to upvote you about HNs great mobile design, but the buttons are so small I accidentally downvoted ;) Wordfeud (similar app) made $4M in ads in 2018, not shabby for a single person company. It's now ten years since it launched and had the hype. Crazy. > Blog posts, sign-up pages, and other reading material can't be tried out, so can't be Show HNs. From https://news.ycombinator.com/showhn.html Edit: The title has removed show hn now > JWT tokens authenticate the client, not the user I think it's both. It just doesn't authorize the user for anything special. But > Did you win the Putnam? [0] [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35076 > unfinished projects Just redefine the scope, or the success criteria! If the project's purpose was to learn or experiment with X, it doesn't matter that it's not a polished product, it still served its purpose and as such can be considered done. You say it like it's a bad thing? It's possible to be both professional and have some fun (not talking about the linked GH). I'm not saying I want memes everywhere, but since I'm spending 1/3 of my life at work I'd rather it be a good time. > Go post memes on the LKML and see what happens I think the seriousness (almost angry tone) in certain communities also is a disservice to attract new members. If I make my first PR in some project, it's easy too feel attacked when the reply is a negative one, albeit strictly professional. If it however has a more light-hearted tone and a bit more sandwiched fun-serious-fun one feels more welcome. > We have a help center ... There’s also a form ... But good luck getting hold of a real human to explain the situation to. Why not add a fifth point about contribute with a better answer if you know better? It feels wrong looking down on people just trying to help. > What a terrible UX this stuff was. Based on what? I see a lot of strong comments here, but little reasoning. UX is more than feelings. I became a paying customer (Premium subscriber) oct 5, 2009. Everyone at my school was using Spotify at the time, albeit the free version. (Norway) As someone used to living in my editor, I have a hard time grasping the workflow that combines configuring lots of stuff via UI, and then having code in some files in addition. When making "real" games (something bigger than a demo/prototype) in Godot , Unity etc., is the UI used much? Seems constraining, or how does it play together with lots of code? Asking because I'm interested in learning, but when experimenting myself I end up with the worst from both somehow. They just got $250k from Epic https://godotengine.org/article/godot-engine-was-awarded-epi... Yeah, my problem may be I'm used to working with frameworks and not engines, so I try to do everything in code. Which means reinventing some stuff or doing grunt work (placing tiles manually), and not being able to use the UI properly (attaching behaviour to entities). But it's hard figuring out what should be done where, and how to utilize the strengths of both parts. Would be happy if someone had nice tips / readings to share. I noticed a course this weekend I was a bit interested in. And they said it was 94% off. 150 NOK ($16) instead of 2350 NOK ($250). It was some kind of offer that would expire this weekend, and I had "9 hours left" or something to get it at that price. I actually wrote it down because I had the same feeling of being manipulated. You made me check, it's still 94% off at the 150 NOK price. Now it's some kind of offer that lasts until Feb 21. Will be interesting to see what the price is in two days.. Exactly, it's those kind of questions nagging at me :) I agree that Discord and Slack has some bad sides, but for kinda opposite reasons than the author. There are so many discussions, QAs, tips&tricks etc. shared on these chat rooms, that are impossible to find for those not a part of it. If it was discussed in a public forum somewhere, it would pop up in a search engine. I may have a problem with tool X and google for a solution, but since the discussion happened in some closed Discord server I will never find the solution someone else there has posted. So kinda the opposite of the author's point about privacy: I prefer everything to be open and accessible. Hiding this stuff hampers the adoption without people realizing. I don't join a discord for everything I use, and often I'm not even aware that it exists. An example I had a few weeks ago: Elm package repo died so I got some weird errors when building my project. Apparently lots of people were aware and knew about the problem and the status. But it was discussed in some Elm slack (I think), so for me not a member there I had no idea what was going on and couldn't find anything about it. Not the first time Amazon is on blast here for expensive camera gear scams: I Fell Victim to a $1,500 Used Camera Lens Scam on Amazon [0] [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14993216 An update to this: The offer expired yesterday. Then I however was prompted that the normal price was 2350 NOK, but as a new user I could get it for 150 NOK for the next X hours. So just a new offer with the same price lined up after the first expired. Earlier today I checked, and then the price was back at 2350 NOK. However, checking again now a few hours later, it's again a new offer for 150 NOK as a new user. And if I log in, it's 250 NOK without any mention about why, just a "90% off!" tag. So yeah, the full price is a fake one. I have worked on huge government projects that has been specced and planned for years before arriving at my team's desks. It takes a few days before we will have questions. Things not defined good enough, inconsistencies, glaring holes etc. I think having all reqs upfront is a utopia that will not happen. Those projects I was involved in would have been better if the reqs and scope was done in conjunction with us implementing it. I made a project a few years back where I had really no idea what I was doing. [0] I had to read two live analog video feeds fed into two TV-cards, display them properly on an Oculus Rift and then take the head tilting and send back to the cameras mounted on a flying drone. I spent weeks just getting it to work, so my C++ etc was a mess. The first demo I leaked like 100 MB a second or so, but that meant that it would work for about a minute before everything crashed. We could live with that. Just had to restart the software for each person trying, hehe. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7654141 If multiple sellers sell the "same" item and use amazon as warehouse, they can be binned together and you get one at random from any one of the sellers no matter which one you actually bought from. Update again: The last 150NOK offer is now over. There is however a new campaign where I can buy it for 163NOK for the next 4 days. > HTTP 451 Unavailable For Legal Reasons So not exactly useful if this one is blocked, heh. Or is it some joke going over my head? Not exactly the same, but I have sometimes wondered how many startups are just burning other startups' money, and would collapse if VCs tightened the belt. For instance, startup X seems profitable but all revenue is from other startups not making money yet. Like a big ponzi scheme of sorts. Most products mentioned in the article are now mainstream, but for lots of them a few years back they were small and only used by other small startups. Thanks for linking that, interesting read and funny to see my showerthought having some merit. > I was effectively offering to cover all the companies infrastructure costs So basically what CF does today? Except he would have reengineer everything to fit a new setup? Was he snarky or just explaining himself? Ref 2, it's often explained as "you didn't defend it against X last year, so now you cannot attack me for using it", but I think it's wrong. You don't have to defend it every time. But if you let it slide too many times, the trademark can become dilluted with other meanings/uses over time, making it a common word you cannot defend. Or so. No, it's very clear. From the guidelines: > Consent will not be free in cases where there is any element of compulsion, pressure or inability to exercise free will I'd just prefer it to be draggable. I have started using the feature frequently, but the button is often overlaid the next button on other sites as well. Containers are a vastly superior experience to profiles, at least for my use. I still have all my history, bookmarks etc., just different cookies&stuff for the things I open in the various containers I use. That would break a lot of stuff, though. And then I don't just mean "bad" tracking, but normal auth flows etc FYI the facebook container is an addon one has to download and enable, it's not built-in. It is. The consent has to be explicit and informed. Most big cities in Norway as well have drastic measures now. No gatherings over 100 people, encouraged to work from home etc. The hardware on the first one was very good compared to others at the time, but some software features I'd like to have was missing. So I tested a friend's one, but never ended up buying one myself. But from the looks of it they have added and worked on much of that software the last years. Looks very compelling now. The problems with the phone is that it's often carried in pants pockets. I don't think something of this size will have the same kind of forces applied to it. > There is still the huge benefit that now these masks will be purchased in more reasonable quantities by customers, ensuring more people get the masks they need Lol, no way. The need is for medical staff. These will either sit in some gouger's garage waiting for a premium price, or be needlessly used by someone affluent. Neither which is "need". In Norway it has been restricted after doctors prescribed lots of it for themselves... Way to undermine the efforts. The twitter thread in the OP says " collects data on the programs running " without backing anything up. Seems like FUD from the face of it. Yes, the privacy may not be perfect (according to EFF admins can see time spent by others in the organization on meetings etc.), and zoom can notify the meeting organizer about participants not having the window in focus. But that's it? Not exactly the gravity touted in the linked twitter thread, saying " If you manage the calls, you can monitor what programs users on the call are running as well ". No proof of that... Kinda scared by how much a single tweet can make something blow up, without a shred of evidence backing the claims up. > I also wonder if millions will die around the world because nobody wants to admit that a thing Donald Trump tweeted about is the solution I'm sorry, but why the hell would that happen? That's gotta be the most insane premise I've ever read on HN. Norwegian doctors have also been hoarding this for themselves lately. Enough that the Norwegian government had to step in and put it on a list so those that actually need it day-to-day can get hold of it. I hope when this is over, someone will look into this behaviour from the MDs. It's eroding trust in the system when they claim potentially vital resources for themselves. Yes, you are suggesting a collective effort of potentially letting millions of people die, just of some petty spite. I'm thinking you are projecting your own behavior onto the rest of the world. Note that those opposing Trump are on the left, and actually care about helping others, not winning stupid internet flame wars. So not even close to what was touted yesterday. And do we really need yet another thread on this? Is there some kind of astroturfing going on or why is this Zoom-hate everywhere lately? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22657384 Just FYI (If I'm reading you correctly): That's not how react native works. It's a native app, not a wrapped website. But wouldn't that make it have less privacy? Now my webapp cannot be used offline and anonymously, user has to be logged in and tracked Of course, I can make my backend service well-behaving. But offline first is privacy by default, which I'd argue is a better approach. But that's a solution for a single OS, for a web page that should be cross platform by default. And it's not really a solution, just additional complexity to what was a solved problem. > Why is it wrong to be clever and profit from others' stupidity and laziness? Because it's parasitic and provides no value to society? I have an implementation here [0] if people want to play with it. Supports dynamically changing the controls, has obstacles and predators. Setting weights for separation, alignment and cohesion to zero and then increasing only one of them nicely shows which role each of them plays. It's actually made as a workshop [1] for my company, where the shell is provided and one has to implement it step by step. In Norwegian, though. Update: Dang linked other discussions, and I see I commented on one from 2015 [2]. Someone there asked for the course content, and that's available (in English!) in a PDF in [1]. This workshop/implementation is actually an example of what I wanted the students to make at the time. Which I then retrofitted to a fun workshop for my colleagues. [0]: https://matsemann.github.io/boids-workshop/ [1]: https://github.com/Matsemann/boids-workshop [2]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9300142 Yeah, the neighbourhood calculation doesn't wrap around. That's trivial to add, but then one has to account for the wrapping when calculating average neighbourposition so it's not completely off. Not too hard, but would have added complexity to the workshop. Impressive! Mine linked here starts having trouble at around 2000 units on my CPU. Shows how ridiculously parallelisable this is. > The average reader of HN would rather have their data shared with the US, then with China. Why is that? If anything I'm a bit at the opposite. Prism, cambridge analytica and the likes means that my western data is actively being used against me, by our own governments etc. It may be naive but it almost feels safer having my data in hands not cooperating with western intelligence... No one in China will put me in a camp either, as I don't live or travel there. Which is my point. Not saying usa will put me in a camp, but currently they have more options to screw me over. (and us do put children in camps) It may be a bit hyperbole. But I just don't want to be so quick to accept the narrative that west=good east=bad Yup, it's the neighbour function being the problem. And of course updating even more boids, but that just scales linearly, but its noticeable when decreasing the neighbour radius which gives each boid less other boids to adjust to. My neighbourhood implementation is the naive n^2 loop, so it's probably trivial to make it better. Quadtrees, or even just simple caching / zoning would probably allow me to dish out many more boids. It also doesn't help that in order to be easy as a workshop, it's written in a way that's easy to implement, but slow to execute. This made me think: Given that most of society uses technology, but it's the "nerds" that define much of how it works, how does that affect culture? Some things that may be niche, becomes part of the mainstream as it's the niche group deciding. Not all ticks carry diseases, though. It depends on the area. Traditionally areas with lots of deers (at least in my country), but they are now revisiting the idea it being directly linked with the amount of deers. Maybe the person got a new keyboard? Maybe you just didn't notice it before but now that you've started thinking about it it's impossible not to notice? There can be a thousand factors, and these 20 objective tests are easier to trust than subjective listeners. I often do it as well. It's not perfect, but it's nice for things not directly translateable. For instance events known by different names in different languages, where translating the name of the event with google just does a literal translation. About eye-strain, how is focusing in a VR headset? Is it always a fixed point given it's really just flat screens, or does one have to focus differently when things are "far away". No, only if you then get that copy to be the widely circulated copy. Huh, I got a license. Even inherited a car when I was 19. But I sold it, biking everywhere is faster and cheaper. Google maybe (?) had a better track record in 2014, but if there's one company I wouldn't buy anything with a lifetime guarantee from now it would have to be them. My best clip [0] is fastening the GoPro to a clothes hanger where I removed the middle pin, and added some cardboard on one side to make it not wobble. Then some fishing line and spinning it around my head while skiing. At 0:09 the shadow of the contraption can be seen. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCXlwJYt0mg No, but some googling I found something looking very similar [1]. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XV1qTigUkR8 You should buy tigers, then. But seriously, it's somebody's business. Animals deserve to have it good. In a similar vein: In Norwegian since the fifties, we have used the word Texas to mean something crazy. Normally it's used as "helt texas" (completely texas), and describes a situation out of control. Edit: a source/explanation https://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-34622478 I had the same problem (also not native speaker). I first thought the problem here was the use of the word "war". So people, please be charitable. Connotations of words differ, and English is spoken and written by people all over the world with different backgrounds :) How is it taken in the rest of the world? In Norway, it's traditionally done by drinking cod liver oil daily during the winter months. At least that's what I do. Everyone on my team uses a Mac, except me. (I had one for three years, the hardware was nothing but problems, and didn't grow too fond of the OS either). My day-to-day development in Windows works fine, but lots of small stuff is done in a way that's not compatible with Windows. WSL solves that fine, without me having to be an edge-case, or everything having to be written so general as to work on every OS. Of course I could just run some Linux distro, but that again would be limiting for non-work-stuff and I prefer not switching between OSs daily. And last time I tried I had big issues with HDPI scaling between screens, hibernation etc. And really, I just don't care that much about what OS I run. Windows works. An ugly look didn't stop Airpods from selling like crazy, though. When talking about computer science, the original GSM network and Simula the first OOP language is also from Norway. You can find two bookies with different odds, such that the expected value would be in your favor. I however did work for a company combating this,by alerting the bookies about such opportunities so that they adjusted their odds. Yes, I was wondering why the left side of the Surface looks completely morphed. Like here https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/00100trPOR... I thought H-1B was for when one was unable to source enough skilled people locally? If so, it should kinda be self-adjusting if more high skilled people are unemployed, right? Yup, a room for the team is perfect. And then a gatekeeper (team lead) at the door everything has to go through. Sounds like that discussion was needed, to me.. > not meetings are for shutting up and doing your assigned work Like a mindless drone? Or are you advocating for more meetings? Can't remember why, but I ended up using Sidebery instead of Tree Style Tabs. So that's also a nice alternative. At least second time this week a high profile app or addons is taken down for seemingly no good reason by google. And only way to get it reinstated is of course to go viral. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23168874 Or their tweet [0] which I posted here earlier [1] (but didn't get any traction). [0]: https://mobile.twitter.com/PodcastAddict/status/126165151294... [1]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23207039 Did it? Looking at the Google cache of the Play Store page, the only references I can find to covid, virus or similar terms are reviews saying they downloaded it because of the lockdown and are happy with it. Edit: Here's how the page looked the day before takedown, no hints here at least of them doing anything like that: http://web.archive.org/web/20200515172150/https://play.googl... And even if they were, couldn't a general app say something along "listen to your favorite sports podcasts, ted talks or get the latest news about X"? In fact, all rows are just permutations of the numbers 1-9! Edit: ;) Yeah, I liked how he realized two possibilities for a number that were next to each other, also meant the box around it could be cleared. I really enjoy finding patterns like these in constraint games. After confirming the pattern for myself a number of times, the brain later just does it on autopilot. If people have tips for similar games I would be happy to try them. Edit, my tips: Simon Tatham's Puzzle Collection [0] has lots of them. Apps exists for mobile devices as well. Everett Caser [1] also have lots of logic games where one can learn patterns. I've played Sherlock and Honeycomb, and my favorite is Willa's Walk. They look a bit funky, but the apps work fine on Android. [0]: https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/puzzles/ [1]: http://www.kaser.com/ww.html That is a "decision problem": Does this puzzle have a solution? For Sudoku, that's easy to verify. That makes it an NP-problem. But for Sudoku, finding a solution is very difficult, so difficult that we say it's NP-Complete. So the only way to verify that a Sudoku can be solved, is really to try a bruteforce (potensially sped up with guesses/backtracking) and then find out if you cannot continue because of a broken constraint somewhere. I also asked this question in another thread here, got some responses and included my tips: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23245258 > For Sudoku, that's easy to verify. I meant: For Sudoku, it's s easy to verify that a given solution is correct. (cannot edit) Of course, being given the solution first in order to even try, can be a bit boring. For that, there exists "zero-knowledge proof" where one can reveal one knows an answer, without actually divulging it. Here is a writeup about someone doing that for Sudoku: https://manishearth.github.io/blog/2016/08/10/interactive-su... Good suggestion. I already play chess and enjoy solving "tactics". I've never even heard of HEIC before, I'd probably make the same mistake. I also think this shows a few red flags of the author. Definitely not a team player, runs from boring stuff (instead of challenging it or trying to fix it), and then hides in a corner a few days instead of actually talking to the manager (who thought the person was busy a few days with the onboarding, so naturally didn't show them a desk yet). "Can't be run against a real server" sounds like a straw man you just made up? I'm astonished about how much you believe you can ascertain based on this... It's a demo, mocking a server is completely fine and also allow them to show it working without relying on other things. I mean, this is actually even better. You can expand the mock-server down below and see what's happening. You realise that's just another straw man / false comparison, right? The library is displayed fully functionable, but other parts are mocked. Your example is asinine. I always do M for mnemonic when spelling my name. A for aisle etc.. Former PM of Norway got detained in US for previously having visited Iran. Lots of articles about tech people going to conferences in US and having all kind of crap happen to them at the border. A quick win I've seen and myself implemented as a consultant, is the use of correlationId in some form. If an incoming request has a correlation-id-header, then use it. If not generate a unique one. When calling other services make sure to include the current correlationId, and thus it spreads throughout the services for a given request. Most logging frameworks allow you to add something to every log message, so add the correlationId there. Then it's easy to track between multiple services. It also makes it easy to distinguish which log messages belong to a given request for a single service, so even without lots of services it can be a nice little feature. > I parameterized the wheel as a twenty sided polygon with a variable radius for each vertex, ri. Could this way of representing the problem (radius) introduce bias to the solution? It could probably make many kind of shapes, but it may need to overcome some huge local maxima in order to drastically change it to something else by tweaking multiple of the radii. When writing my thesis on spoke patterns for bicycle wheels, one of the representations outperformed the others, as it had symmetry baked in. That could have made it not find some esoteric solutions (which is why I had multiple representations). It was discussed here[0] at the time :) [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10410813 On/off representations are cool, but also a bit harder to work with. One can end up having disjoint groups that don't really make sense, so lots of permutations has to be thrown out. So finding the correct representation can actually be very hard. Yeah, I thought the same thing. I had to check, and on my phone I have ever only sent 3 SMSes. I got lots received, but that's like "your token for service xxxx" or "your parcel is ready for pickup" kinda stuff. No one uses SMS here (and by extension very few use iMessage). Everyone got mobile data turned on and has for almost the last decade. And then it still cost money to send sms, so other apps won. Just longclick the address bar without clicking it first, it then gives you the choice to copy, and even paste&go in one click. You could always make it not to hide when scrolling. I btw use gestures to switch tabs via an extension, works great. We're trying karaoke through Zoom tomorrow as a standup gag, wonder how that will work with the delay haha. > This is valueless content. I disagree. It poses several questions about the value of LinkedIn. And it spurred a discussion. If anything your comment really adds nothing here.. (Maybe some discussion, but a useful one?) I think it used to be F4 or F6 or something for Explorer. I also used to use F6 in firefox, took some time re-learning Ctrl+L when that changed. (Edit: F6 still works, but it cycles elements (one which is the address bar) so ctrl+l is better) There are professional "bike fitters" that know how to adjust all these things (those that can be adjusted) and more in such a way you get everything set up the best given your body and goals. For instance, given a bike and a rider, one can adjust seat height, seat position, stem length, handlebarhheight, crank arm length and possible more things to get the correct reach and stem height. However, all that also has to be adjusted to account for body size (limb lengths), mobility etc, in order to level the hips, get the knees correctly over the pedals, aero position, correct weight on the hands, no chafing in the butt etc. It's really an art to adjust everything at once, as fixing one thing affects the others. So while a bikefit can cost about $300, it's money well spent if one is serious about the biking (and one has then probably spent ~20x that on bike+gear anyways.. ). I'm about to head out for a ~120km ride today, so I've found a bike fit invaluable. I wrote a lengthy comment here about bike fitters. They can also help with this. It's however often more complicated than just a few measurements. They often have a special bike where literally everything can be adjusted (google retül bike), and then when the fit is done (~1h) they got lots of parameters that can be put into a DB to spit out bikeframes+gear that will work for the rider. However, my experience is that the system still needs a human expert to verify and tweak the results. However, for a basic fit your method works. For instance when buying a Canyon they ask for your measurements for some things to recommend frame size. But this of course if very rudimentary and already assumes you want that model.