Best book hands down for learning JS is called Simply Javascript from Sitepoint written by Kevin Yank and Cameron Adams. Justin.tv is alllll python. Not Ruby. Python baby. lynx, top, "curl -O " on my mac since it doesn't come with wget (who's dumb idea was that?) Thanks everyone for all of your info. Let me explain our situation and it might help some of you guys understand where I am coming from and where I am trying to go, as well as others out there in the same situation. Right now we're developing, as I mentioned above, in Django and use SVN for everything. We have DB's locally. From the get go we knew that there would be two major versions of our website. "Phase1" was fairly simple, the initial creation of the site and initial deploy into production. "Phase2" Was the next giant step, which was essentially (and we learned this as we went) going to be an entire redesign from the ground up. We pretty much touched every file, redesigned over half of our models, etc... So, we created a branch called phase2-development and continued working. This was a pain in the ass because we still had to run and maintain the older "phase1" code locally for bug fixes, etc.. as well as continue our future development of the "Phase2" code. We also ran into problems later on because we were fixing bugs in the trunk "Phase1" and not merging those as we went into our phase2-development branch. So at one point we spent an entire weekend merging code. We just launched our "Phase2" stuff a month or so ago, however, it wasn't all of the functionality we wanted in phase2 so we refer to it as phase1.5. Our head guy (more marketing/business xp. than tech came up with those names, so for all of us you can think of it as s/phase/version/g) So now we're about to dive fullspeed into actually completing phase2, and but we still need to be able to maintain and fix bugs on the production site. What should we do? I would rather not run two copies of the site but since the new development we're going to be doing is going to be even crazier than going from v1 to v1.5 so not sure if that's even possible. Should we just create anther branch and develop on that? I'm not even sure the correct questions to be asking here, maybe you guys can help me from what I've described :) Yeah, Capistrano is language exclusive, you can use it for anything. I have looked into it but never found it that exciting. I guess I need to revisit Capistrano :) Garrr. Yes, that's the word I was looking for. Thanks :) I vote HSBC as well :) I'm 18 and have worked for three startups in the past and am currently the lead designer on two. I really don't mean to brag by this, it just leads to my next point. Also, this doesn't fully pertain to programming per say because I am a front end designer, but hopefully this comment helps :) When I was younger, 14 or so, I really became fascinated with server technology, databases, the web, etc... I was just starting High School so I essentially had all the time in the world to dick around with linux and php and all of that jazz, and I did. I was REALLY frustrated until maybe 6 months ago with programming in general. I would try tutorials, and could follow along and do what was written, but it never made sense in my head. I pretty much dismissed the concept of being a programmer and stuck to what I feel is my talent, front end design. I build blogs atop Wordpress, dabbled with PHP, but never really became a programmer. In the summer of 2006 I joined my first startup and began working with a team of really, really talented and smart guys on a Django site. This is where I was first introduced to a real smart environment. I was in a place where I knew just enough to ask good questions to help me learn. It's now 2008 and although I am STILL not a programmer, haha, I feel I have a really good grasp on database modeling, basic functional programming, etc... I know PHP fairly well and am becoming familiar with Python because every major site I have built since that first startup in 06 has been Django :) Anyways, moral of the story is, a few years ago I could have never even dreamed of being where I am today. In the world of front end design and back end programming. I went from looking up to designers like Bryan Veloso, Steve Smith, Dan Cederholm, to actually feeling like I can sit at their lunch table and talk the talk with them. I still admire those guys of course, but now I feel like I am closer to them. So, my advice is to just dive into anything you can, just like you have. It really doesn't matter what language you learn first. Focus on learning the thought processes behind building something. You can write a book in spanish or english, the meaning will be the same. So focus on problem solving, finding solutions. Also, surround yourself with smart people. Stay passionate. If you're passionate about becoming a programmer, you will, and you'll do it the right way. The best way to learn something, hands down, is to just do it. Don't try learning PHP through tutorials on how to make a shopping list, start learning PHP by building the webapp you want to build :) This all kind of just spewed out of my mind, I hope it makes some sense :) Debian & Ubuntu for the win :) Nothin' beats apt-get! What's wrong with JSON? :) Idiots and Java developers made me lol. I kid, I kid. This is the best method right here, hands down. That's exactly the sort of thing I've been looking for. Thanks for the link man, appreciate it. Good question. I'm just a front end guy, so I am not exactly sure what we can and cannot do, or if we actually can do a lot of this stuff in both, etc.... But the developers tell me that Leopard offers a lot of animations and stuff (CoreSomethingSomething? haha) that Tiger does not do. Hahahah. Amazing. +1 for NO to Dreamhost. Hands down the worst web host out there. Go for a cheap VPS like Slicehost and roll your own. You have control over everything, and they have rock solid uptime. The startup I work for :) http://schoolrack.com We're extremely (this week) close to launching student and parent account types, so students and parents will be able to easily collaborate with teachers via the already existing features we've got, plus we're going to add a gradebook, discussion board, and quite a few other features. Paypal does this very easily online. Camino has to be one of the worst browsers I have ever used. I don't know what they are up to. In my mind, Camino should simply be Firefox with Webkit replacing the gecko engine... but it's not even on par with Firefox. One thing I hate about Mac in general is their hate for navigating solely with the keyboard. A lot of third-party apps do a good job letting you navigate using your kb only (such as cmd+1, cmd+2... to hit tabs in FF) but the last time I used Camino they were seriously lacking in that department. Clicking links with the mousewheel is also very important to me (to open in a new tab). I can attest to Paul's claims that this is a valid problem. Yes, a lot of bloggers do write whatever they feel and it just comes out real easy, but a lot of bloggers (such as myself) would love to have some sort of resource to find out what readers want to hear. Skribit is a great idea. I think it's still very young and has a lot of room to grow, but it's a terrific start and the first of its kind. Michael Whalen - http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=whalesalad jokes. Eeeeeez. Meat space just sounds sooo wrong. Wow yes. We're never going to launch. ever. If there is one game I can play for hours on end, it was Diablo II. Cannot WAIT for this!!!! brianloveswords: Coda has to be the worst editor on the planet. It deserves no mention here. Seriously, it's the worst thing Panic has ever done. Ever. Sure it's pretty... but that's it. I'm seriously flabbergasted that people prefer Coda to Textmate. Re: Textmate vs. Emacs: It's like comparing Apples and Oranges. An orange juice producer will farm oranges, and an apple juice producer willf farm apples. To the man using Textmate on OS X, you probably code Javascript an CSS, and might dabble in Rails or vice versa. The guy using Emacs might be doing this as well, but there is a good chance he's a hardcore AI Lisp hacker. I am a web designer. I write CSS, XHTML, and JS. I deal with Django templates all day long, a web browser, and the remaining time is in the terminal. I'm more terminal oriented than most/all designers I know, but for the most part I am playing around in a GUI wonderland. I use Textmate. Textmate really truly is a powerful editor, I will not disagree. Textmate is hands down the best editor I have ever used, for all of the reasons you have suggested. But I won't deny that Emacs is probably also one of the best editors in the world. My CTO/Partner/best friend uses Emacs. He's a python hacker. He writes python all day long. He's got a Thinkpad running Ubuntu and quite a few terminal windows. He's doing a totally different kind of work, interfacing with the back-end mostly while I deal with the front end. He swears by Emacs. I tend to think of Emacs more like an OS actually... you can play games in it, browse the web, use your term, check your mail, and edit all kinds of crap. It's extremely powerful. The sumo package contains a TON of extra stuff. Anyway, no one can really say X editor is better than Y editor. Similar to the way a programmer will ultimately take on a certain language as his own, the same thing occurs with an editor. At some point learning or playing with a new editor is like learning a whole new language. Might as well get dropped smack dab in the middle of Spain, or throw out all of your Python/Ruby/insert-lang-here for Objective-C. It's the same kind of pain. But I do agree that bloatware crap like Xcode and Eclipse are simply... crap. Anyway hope some of that made sense. I might have gone off track a bit :/ For the record I am a huge fan of Textmate and use it religuiously. export EDITOR="mate -w" :) Everything else is vim though, haha, sorry Emacs lovers. So the big question everyone is asking is, now that this new release doesn't include Installer.app, what is the point? Would I still be able to SSH to my iPhone and run a tunnel to use it in a tether like fashion with my laptop? Horrible website. I'm seriously totally underwhelmed by their website, which seems half-assed and incomplete. The app looks alright, but Screenflow (which they interestingly used to record their screencast of their app) does the same thing. We've recorded dozens of usability tests using it, and it's been great. Silverback does, however, record mouseclicks and the various keystrokes though which is a nice thing to have. I like the interaction with the remote as well by the moderator. Yes, the site does its job and works fine, but this came out of clearleft. These guys used to be allstars a few years ago, so although the site is decent, it doesn't live up to what I or other designers might expect to see from Clearleft. It's nothing at all spectacular at all, and it even comes from themselves. Not like this is some client project, it's as though they didn't care at all. I still don't see the usefulness of :(tipjoy, let alone Twitter integration. Seems news.yc is getting more and more dupes these days, such as this one. Great article nonetheless, but it has been shared before :) There's a startup idea... give me concentrated data collected from various places on the internet (Reddit, YC, Digg, Del.icio.us, etc...) on a given topic. That's really what I want to see when I search for things like nginx, mod_wsgi, git, etc... My little brain tells me this doesn't exist yet... but surely correct me if I am wrong :) For the record I am talking about the entire interweb (as we know it through popular "social" websites like those aforementioned) not just entering the git tag into delicious. Ahh that explains it. I too agree it was an amazing app. The competition is pure crap. Elements of the interface aren't centered, padded, etc... just simple things like that were thrown out the window and the app is disgusting to look at and use. But now I know why :) The screenshots of this app are horrible. It looks like whoever made it didn't use native iPhone GUI elements... the corners and edges of the toggle between SSH // Telnet // Raw TCP look like total crap. The text for the nickname, port, etc... seems to be squeezed a bit and it appears blurred (unless of course this is due to a photoshop edit later on). And for $5... come on! PuTTY is free and open source, why isn't this too! I upgraded to 2.0.1 and lost all my jailbroken functionality in exchange for stable and bug-free core features. I'm definitely going that route again once they catch up and release their latest Pwnage tool. Pricey but I bought one. Mom's birthday is right around the corner and I love supporting a small and new startup. I have nothing whatsoever against Paul Graham, I really don't know too much about him and aren't one of the many on here who paste all of his articles onto the cube walls surrounding their toilet, and have read them dozens of times, etc.... blah blah. However... I do think that a lot of you are shutting Ted down simply because he said shit about PG. Ted is funny as hell, and pretty much everything he said in his "rant" is spot on. Personal note: I submitted this at +152 points here on news.yc, let's see how far it drops! Like Google after their earnings report? We'll see :) ^^ I don't understand why people say things like this. Clearly the interfaces that Apple has chosen for its products are succeeding. Succeeding in that they help Apple sell more things, and consequently succeeding because they are usable and people enjoy using them. Eventually these interfaces will become standard. I also dislike it when people whine about Vista looking like OS X, and all the mac people complain about XYZ looking like OS X. I can tell when someone is an Apple fanboy, and I can also tell (you sir) when someone doesn't like Apple at all and probably develops .NET apps in Visual Studio. Such radical users! Why can't we come together for the common good. If you don't like the interface, what might you recommend as an alternative? People are dumping Vista left and right for either XP or moving to OS X (as their reports will show, Apple is growing momentum! we all know it!) If you have an alternative then let's hear it but if all you are going to do is whine about it then it's not helping! Also, as a final note, Sproutcore isn't about the interface elements. You can change those with the swap of a PNG and a few lines of CSS. It's about the evolution of user interaction on the internet. Bringing the desktop-web void closer together. Seeing that capital "i" in the title hurts... I need eye bleach! Can we please, please start referring to the iPhone as it's actually called... _i_Phone, not Iphone or IPhone or I-Phone. Lowercase i, uppercase Phone. iPhone. I'm starting to think that News.YC does this automagically... someone help a brother out here. New design is heinous I think as a web professional I would want anything but this. I even tend to dislike using apt-get for every package on my server. Some things need a tender loving hand with careful consideration during configuration (I'm a poet and I didn't even know it). You can't really build a one-size-fits-all distribution for everyone. Sure you can get a basic LAMP stack setup, but 1) is that what you really want in a PHP situation and 2) not everyone is rolling a simple PHP website these days. If what you're trying to solve is the problem with "scalability" then a Distro isn't gonna help. A carefully constructed architecture and implementation is what will. I personally tend to shy away from a big cluster of apt-get installations in favor of installing certain things straight from source. You can bet that all of the huge sites out there are rolling their own too.. Facebook has their own version of Apache and so do companies like Yahoo. I think something like this might be good for simple in-house development and testing, but again, not everyone's needs are the same. I totally love server configuration, and oftentimes it gives me a real nice break from coding and designing. There is nothing more fun and satisfying than getting a new server up in just a few hours configured to the best of my abilities. Whateva hopefully these comments make sense. Been up all night and running on adderall and mcdonalds. Yeah, it's not the greatest technology but we're working real hard to improve it and have made great strides already. One of our biggest interface components is our tagger where you can get through your photos pretty quick adding and manipulating boxes on faces. Originally when we were talking about building it on other platforms, Qt was the main consideration. I really cannot see why this is useful at all. I don't understand the point, and the examples didn't make it clear to me either. I second this. CI is a great framework. It's by far the fastest PHP framework out right now, and has terrific documentation. If you're a PHP guy and know, as you said, that you can get this out fast and well in PHP then definitely don't try killing yourself to produce it in Python atop Django. However, if you're truly interested (and you've got the time! which you don't!) in Python then give it a go as Django is a marvelous framework. You'll probably also find that you prefer Python as a language as you become more familiar with it. Talk to the boys at 37Signals ;) Quite a bit of Basecamp is C++, not Rails. Debian and Ubuntu are both rock-solid, excellent choices for a server of any kind. I have all of the servers I work with running Ubuntu, with my own personal screw-off slice running Debian Etch. I have a great deal of experience with the older versions of Fedora (the consumer Redhat distro) and slight experience with CentOS. I'm fairly certain that majority of Linux webservers out there are running some Redhat variant. I personally prefer the Debian/Ubuntu approach and stick with that. Off the top of my head I know that all of the Mediatemple servers are running CentOS, and Digg runs Debian. I think like SwellJoe said, if you're thinking about FreeBSD for the sake of going with FreeBSD and not really knowing why, then you don't want to be choosing FreeBSD. The same goes for Gentoo. Gentoo is a great distribution, but it's not for the mainstream plug-n-play let's-build-a-webapp! type of person. Gentoo, although featuring a pretty nice 'emerge' package management system, is going to require more work from you in the beginning to get it to a desirable state. I guess there is no real answer to your question, Linux is fantastic in general as a web application server. Any distro with the base binary packages for a typical LAMP stack or even a (Rails|Django|Etc...)/Nginx configuration will treat you very nice until you reach the proverbial land of scalability. Once you see problems with your app, fix them. Don't worry too much about that right now. Also keep in mind that 99.99% of the time your application is going to be "distribution agnostic" so later on down the line if you decide you'd rather go with CentOS over Debian, or a BSD variant over Linux, you won't have any issue with that. I'd focus more on writing a solid application and getting a solid product out the door on any of the distributions that were mentioned by the wise hackers here on HN, learn what you like as you go. As you learn more about the way Linux works and you configure things to suit your needs, the various unique characteristics of each will become more clear, and your "distro of choice" will become more evident. Bottom Line : Go with CentOS or Ubuntu, and worry about these things as they become worries. Yeah I agree here. Putting that inside of your application and outside your web server config makes more sense to me. Especially using the reverse url matching, which is so amazingly wonderful ( especially when you give your url's unique names like user-account-settings and can simply do {% url user-account-settings %} and be done with it). Hat tip to obeattie.com for all my django template ramblings above ;) I think that the if you look at the cost vs the benefit this certainly leans on the side of being worth it. I don't think that this is entirely too complex, after all, this is Hacker News . It's a feature that I am sure many would enjoy, and a true hacker would rise to the occasion and try to implement it for all to play around with. Sadly I am a designer who merely dabbles with code, let alone something as high-level as Arc or Lisp. Also, and I mentioned this in my initial post but it might not be entirely clear, sometimes the stories I don't want to see aren't stories I plan on visiting. One technique would be just opening and quickly closing those links I don't have any desire to look at. The final reason I think that this could be useful, is that I tend to work across multiple machines, one or two at work and a laptop (which I am writing this on now) at home. It would help to flip those stories I have seen at work so that when I am at home, I can check out the fresh stories and not have to sift through stories I have already seen or have no interest in. Stepmoms' parents live just a few blocks from that blue evacuation zone on Brea Canyon drive. Crazyness. I wonder why he chose Mako as a template system as opposed to Jinja (django style). Looking at the Mako syntax.. it just doesn't make any sense. I'm running bleeding edge and project-wide search is fast as shit now.. been that way for quite some while actually. I do remember those pains, however. You can also look into a bundle called "search with awk" or something which uses awk instead and is much faster (cmd + shift + a, instead of cmd + shift + f). Heh. In terms of the marketing material and the data on the website, it reminds me an awful lot of the startup that I work for... iLovePhotos ( http://ilovephotos.com ). Very similar indeed. I'm with you here as well. It's essentially a glorified version of the missiles that we currently use to shoot enemy missiles out of the sky. This is where all of the government Military contractors are headed, autonomous packs of weapons that hunt together and act as one mind to destroy something. My dad worked at Lockheed for 20 years and has since moved on to Northrop where they have some pretty crazy pack-hunting autonomous helicopters that look pretty fearsome. That's the kind of stuff I might worry about, but something up in outer space shooting down an enemy rocket doesn't really concern me as potentially dangerous... at least not any more dangerous than shit the Military already has :) For someone so happy to "[not] have to go back to Windows anymore!!!^69" you're clearly a Mac user. I find it puzzling that you've got such distaste then, for "OSX-style UI for retarded Oklahoma children". If you're so clearly against windows and use OS X and all of the applications it has to offer, aren't you really just saying a bit about yourself here? That or this is purely hypocrisy. For having such hate for "OSX's idiotic idioms", I find it pretty surprising that you use the platform at all. At least you could have made your frustrations clear in a less vicious manner, and without making yourself look like such a tool. I have an iPhone so doing some of these things isn't has hard as it might be on a regular phone, but i've always loved intelligent services like this that let you take a simple thing like text messaging and turn it into a very powerful tool. Even with my iPhone, text messaging is a real fast way to send data. I'll be playing around with it :) My startup is located here in Honolulu and I see those commercials all of the time on TV. I always figured since Hawaii is always low man on the totem pole that sort of technology was already in practice around the rest of the country. Guess not! Pretty cool beans. ZumoDrive turned me off instantly with their horrible Mac offering. I like the idea, but Dropbox actually has a real nice client on Mac. You shouldn't have a problem with static file downloads, on Dreamhost or on S3. Obsurd. With an O. Hilarity. I got such a kick out of this. Adobe truly is crapping all over the place with their UI. I'm pretty sure it's still Carbon based on OS X. Why can't someone like Adobe with so many apps on Win and OS X spend some time to build a really strong -- or even adopt -- front-end framework. CS4 is utter crap, thankfully I didn't purchase it. CS3 was enough of a let down, and I paid quite a few hundred dollars for that. How many karma points does it take for the colored bar anyhoo? Just don't let him blog about it... my dumb ass did that and got expelled. Best thing that ever happened to me, looking back, but it caused a whole lot of turmoil. Am I the only one here who first read this as "Hacker News 2" and got all excited for a nanosecond imagining something like beta.news.yc.com with a new design and added features??? A friend of mine is reporting the same problem down here in Honolulu (on Clearwire wireless) but I'm on RoadRunner (also in Honolulu) and all of Google's services work just fine for me. So yeah... is this really necessary? Everyone and their brother uses Google/Gmail, the only thing you're doing here is letting everyone know you're were the first on the scene. But, you probably weren't, and the first guy on the scene didn't care. I couldn't agree more with these points, particularly the last line. It's pretty hard to find info about this online, especially since everydns.com isn't resolving either. Engine Yard made mention of it: http://engineyard.wordpress.com/2009/03/23/everydns-unavaila... Looks like they're back up. I don't understand why the concensus seems to be "Let's show digg users we mean business and give them a fuck off message" rather than let's see if they're coming from digg and simply redirect to my regular url. Or possibly, modify your page with a slim bar on the top saying Hi to digg users, minus the diggbar, still showing your content. Regarding SFTP, I use ExpanDrive ( http://www.expandrive.com/mac ) which works with Finder. They act as remote drives in the left pane which you can interact with just like an external drive. It's not free, but it's pretty cheap and really versatile. You can have drives auto mount on login, and it can be controlled from your terminal. Permalink just in case... http://www.betaversion.org/~stefano/linotype/news/169/ I hate IE6 just as much as the next guy, with an absolute passion. However the startup that I work for has a focus on teachers, and unfortunately quite a significant number of schools and teachers are stuck in the dark ages with IE6. 23% of our users are still using IE6, so I have to support it. I found this helpful in debugging our soon to launch redesign. I also rarely use my dock, and use Launchbar to get apps runnin. Here's a typical day for my dock: http://www.grabup.com/uploads/c712431bcfb2b9658fe44b5062ff60... LOVED this book! I wouldn't consider myself a reader, but I literally could not put it down once I started. All the flight stuff is farecast. This is one of the main reasons that I'm not using Git at work, there hasn't been a super solid way to get the Github functionality on an internal network where it's 100% secure. This is a REALLY smart move for the guys at Github. Yees, but these folks aren't early adopters. A lot of the people here don't even use (or approve of) key based SSH logins =/ Here's a direct link to the github page, which gives slightly more insight: http://github.com/madrobby/scripty2/tree/master "scripty2 is a complete rewrite and reimplementation of script.aculo.us, with are modular structure intended to ease the development of highly customized user interface effects and behaviours." An open source self-hosted implementation of this would be terrific :) I too would not trust this service, it seems pretty fly-by-night. That's the first thing that I realized while reading this... these aren't necessarily people that you don't want in your startup, but rather characteristics you and others on your team want to suppress within. I think everyone can agree that most people have a little bit of all these Mr so-and-so's in them. I think what you are describing is the intention of gnip - http://www.gnip.com/ Wow. I can't imagine anyone getting a tattoo of Hostgator on their neck. That's just insane. Your body is the only thing you truly own in this world. Not that this was difficult or anything, but here's a list of all of the links as links. Easier to investigate ;) http://dpaste.org/TqnU/ I stopped reading once they cropped the image and started manually getting rid of the shadows on the side of the header. This is a horribly inefficient way to create a website. I think this guy is gonna learn more from the responses to his article, then the readers are going to learn from him. My girlfriend hated it, so I quit. Only a smoker for 5 months or so... so it wasn't entirely too hard. I have to admit I miss it... It's definitely a social lubricant. It helps when working too, to take a break for a smoke. It's also nice to have a cig after a good meal. So, I guess I'm glad that I quit but I can certainly relate. And there's nothing I hate more than the whiney people that complain to smokers that they're ruining the earth. Sometimes people are far too quick to judge a person based on whether or not they have a smoking habit. Just launched our latest version of SchoolRack a few days ago. It connects teachers with their students and parents. Lets them upload files, create discussion boards, create homework assignments, etc... http://schoolrack.com The same thought was bouncing around my head while reading all of their new names. Yeah, the source code would be very good to see. Django, http://schoolrack.com We (the developers) are actually beginning to feel like it's one of the biggest Django sites on the interweb right now. Definitely not trying to toot my own horn here, but we're gaining users like mad and traffic is insane. Disclaimer: I figure the OP's question is more directed at HN members rather than YC startups, but for the record we're not a YC startup We get a lot less traffic during the summer months (school isn't in session) and towards the end of the year for the holidays... but we do get quite more traffic than our quantcast page suggests. It does look like I was totally full of my own shit though, we're clearly not that big when it comes to the other Django sites out there. Thanks for the heads up, just updated the servers. Honolulu, Hawaii I couldn't agree more. Sorry for lack of a more fruitful comment, but really, you said it perfectly. Yeah.. openid still feels really funny to me even as a developer. I guess I should read up more on how it actually works (behind the scenes). Yep, I feel the same way. I'm much more a fan of something like clickpass where I can bootstrap my signup with details already filled in. I am going to definitely give this a shot. As a side note... typically after a rough night of drinking I automatically wake up super super early in the morning... Like if my typical routine is sleeping at 4+am and getting up close to noon every day... after a rough drinking binge I'll be up bright and early at 8-9. That's clearly not the answer to my problems but there have been certain occasions where when I know that I need to be up early I'll drink a six pack before going to bed. This might not have anything to do with the alcohol, it might simply be because of the fact that I really need to take a piss when I get up. Or it's that combined with the fact that alcohol dehydrates you... so my body is waking itself up not out of hunger but out of thirst? Just something I thought I would point out... maybe someone else shares this feeling? Note: I too am writing this at 3:28 am, hah. Time for bed! I ate around... 10pm :| Note 2 of 2: Apparently others feel this sentiment as well, I should have done a better job scanning the replies before posting. We're using this with apache on schoolrack.com. A couple of application servers running mod_wsgi behind HAProxy and Nginx. Works like a dream. Our site is pretty snappy =) This is fairly common knowledge but if you use Apache with Keep-alive off and serve all your static content with something else (such as Nginx in our case), and only use Apache for dynamic requests it isn't such a dog. I'm not a computer scientist and haven't really bothered to get real solid statistics and reasons behind why mod_wsgi outperforms mod_python, but right off the bat you'll notice it uses significantly less memory. I'm also experimenting with straight up nginx -> fastcgi for a few other projects but am not using it in production for no reason other than Apache + mod_wsgi has proven itself to be reliable and fast as hell. Was spelling capital wrong part of the parody too? I definitely feel performance increases all over the place in 10.6. Particularly in Terminal.app... it's super snappy! Directory listings are instantaneous whereas before there seemed to be a slight little lag. Note: I am using zsh with my term declared as xterm. It used to be called FCKEditor, which is used on a lot of big sites such as pbworks.com (which was also formerly known as pbwiki) Can anyone elaborate on when one giant JS file (benefit here is of course reducing HTTP requests) becomes too large? Right now I am splitting up JS files in a fairly simple manner: a single site-wide file with common methods and utilities, and then a handful of smaller files for various aspects of the site. I think that they are each small enough to all be combined into one single one... but when is that single file too large? SchoolRack has been around for years and is doing ~10K daily visitors. Both of these services do a lot of what we do... We're not bitching! :) Bring on the competition! The Education space needs some attention. http://www.quantcast.com/schoolrack.com I'm a gadget nut and after a couple years as an iPhone user... I decided it was time to take the jump to an android powered phone. Aside from the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack w/o a usb adapter, I really like the phone I chose, the MyTouch from T-Mobile (HTC Magic). Prior to rooting (you can think of it as equivalent to jailbreaking on an iPhone) my phone and installing Cyanogen's mod I was pretty unhappy with the phone overall. Sure it was a great device, but it was still shadowed by my iPhone experience. The keyboard was slow, not as responsive. I can type real fast on an iPhone, but on the Android phone I felt handicapped. After rooting the phone and installing Cyanogen, as well as the HTC keyboard (instead of the base Android one), I absolutely love it. I have a slight glitch which has been apparently found out to be a small kernel bug ( http://code.google.com/p/cyanogenmod/issues/detail?id=329 ), but my experience hasn't been bad as some of the other people. Performance is on-par with my iPhone now, especially with the keyboard. I really like HTC's keyboard. Lots of enhancements with the Cyanogen mod as well. That's one thing I really love about the Android community, is the open-ness (duh) and the number of ROM's out there you can play around with. One thing I don't like (which isn't so much of a problem with a rooted phone and the underground hacker community) is all of the platform specific stuff out there from companies like HTC and Motorola. The HTC Hero is a perfect example of a phone with a totally modified Android OS that looks great, but is specific to that device. Why can't I run that on my Magic? Why can't someone run it on their Moto phone? You can of course, as I mentioned previously thanks to the community, but why aren't all of these awesome things being made available to everyone? It's an open handset alliance after all. Anyway, sorry for that incoherent blob of text. I was so happy to scan through these screenshots today, I'm super excited for 2.0! Definitely switch from mod_python to mod_wsgi. Also try setting up Nginx as a proxy to Apache, using Nginx to serve static media and Apache(+mod_wsgi) for only serving up the dynamic pages. I'm not sure about you guys, but how many ads for teeth whitening are there on this site?? http://grab.by/DQY You get the full power of WP, hosted on their servers. It's not as flexible as rolling your own, however. I'd also vouch for Posterous, but it's not as advanced as something like Wordpress is. Aside from the font you chooce, make sure to have ClearType on with Windows or Anti-aliasing on with OS X :) I was with Slicehost for a long time and really like them quite a lot. SchoolRack.com runs on a small 5-node setup at Slicehost, and it's nice having the internal ip's (one machine up front doing load balancing and static content, some db/app servers behind it which are inaccessible to the outside world). We've rarely suffered downtime in the past few years (we were with layeredtech previously, which was a disaster) I'm running Linode for my own personal site (whalesalad.com) and have been happy with that as well. The control panel is definitely more advanced, and they're cheaper. I'm broke without and unemployed, so the cheaper price is what has me on linode right now. Help a guy out if you choose Linode - http://j.mp/linodesalad (referral code) It doesn't work with standard permalinks that feature hyphens in the url, and none of his examples show links with hyphens. Most blogs out there (wordpress) are using hyphens in their permalinks. $429 USD. It's really just an HTC Dream (T-Mobile G1), how are they different? The Droid phone was rooted, not Android. There are a lot of Android devices out there that have been rooted, hackers can check out the XDA forum (pick a device, the G1 is the Dream and the Magic (MyTouch/Google Ion) is the Sapphire) - http://forum.xda-developers.com/ For many of you who are unfamiliar with "rooting" (as I was before I went from iphone->android) it's essentially the same as jailbreaking an iPhone. Somewhat obvious, you gain root access and therefore access to all of the filesystem and more. This is what lets you do things like flash a replacement OS like CyanogenMod or use things like WiFi tether. For those more interested, it generally involves an finding exploit and flashing a replacement "recovery" system. Once you've flashed over the recovery system (basically a bootloader) you can boot into the recovery system and flash your desired ROM. While I've started to lean more against Fusion Garage in this battle for the CrunchPad, I still think that TechCrunch is equally to blame for choosing such a shady group to work with. Arrington states that he has known for a long while (as steerpike pointed out) that Fusion Garage has been in such shambles, and claims he isn't "just a blog" and has made significant (and/or the majority of) contributions to the CrunchPad. If both of these are true, why the hell didn't he pull out on Fusion Garage early on and go with someone else? You supposedly have the idea, the investors, the retail channels lined up, etc... so why is Fusion even an issue? I call shenanigans here... Especially when you add in the fact that most distributions add in their own flair to configuration (like the location of config files). Unfortunately this is beginning to happen to Nginx as well, but for the most part the guides out there are agnostic and offer help for anyone looking to config nginx. First of all, like most of the people on HN I too agree these guys are getting a little sappy. Give it a rest and stop crying. This all sounds like the new American dream to me, wait for someone to create an accident and take advantage of it by suing the pants off of them. Your company is worthless, so you're going to sue Microsoft to make your millions? Second... Plurk won't let me sign up with a MobileMe email address =( - http://grab.by/1fum Coolest thing about this is there's a popular Android app for rooted devices known simply as "Wireless Tether" that bridges your cellular data connection with your wifi connection, to create a simple wifi hotspot powered by your 3G connection. So you buy a nook, root it, now you have a personal little 3G router everywhere you go! I think this perspective might help a bit: Think about the average person purchasing a handful of applications for a couple of dollars each (My girlfriend has probably spent a maximum of $20 on apps for her iPhone), with a smaller portion of that money actually making it into Apple's pocket (costs for operating the app store service itself as well as the people who approve and manage apps, paying developers their portion, etc...) versus a couple of hundred dollars per device. An iPhone without a contract is even crazier, take the subsidized AT&T price and add $400. The app store is the biggest reason why people want the devices, but I can see how it's not the reason for the devices. Just looking at my Android phone (I previously had an iPhone and got bored with it) I have three applications for Facebook and all of them don't even do 20% of what the iPhone one does. I get so frustrated with my device now that I'm considering dishing out cash money ($699) to buy a new one and stick with my T-Mobile plan. Why can't JSMin simply remove that from their license and save a lot of people a lotta headache? SchoolRack(.com) is built on a small cluster of 4 Slicehost servers. I know this isn't a small/personal project but it's given me a lot of experience with them. Of course, they're a great web host and definitely mean it when they say they're built for developers. But... Linode is (so far) better. You get everything you get at Slicehost, for a little bit cheaper, with a more useful admin panel. Statistics are built in for CPU and Bandwidth. However, the panel is a bit more complex than the average park rangers jeep, so if you're a newbie you might wanna stick with Slicehost. I say so far because I've only been a customer for about 3 months now. whalesalad.com (my personal site) runs on a small $19 Linode (which gives you 360mb of ram vs 256 on Slice, 16GB of storage vs 10, and double the bandwidth). At the moment I'm powering my aforementioned blog, a couple of WordPress sites, and another Django site. Nginx + FastCGI for both the Python and PHP side of things. It's holding up like an absolute champ. Linode also lets you play around with other distros easier. You can basically cut up your allotted HD space and boot whatever you want. You can cut it in half and play with Fedora/Debian, or whatever you choose really. For experimentation, that's good. This is a great performance breakdown/comparison of the popular VPS' out there - http://journal.uggedal.com/vps-performance-comparison Finally, if you choose Linode, help a guy out with this referrer link :D - http://j.mp/linodesalad The website is painful to look at. We really need to nip the whole rotated screenshot trend in the bud. Here's to 2010. Save for web in Photoshop is Command + Option + Shift + S, and I do it dozens of times a day. Every Mac I have ever used has been able to do this :) I'm personally very interested in learning Android development. I'm familiar with building web apps in PHP and Python (Django) but I've never played around with Java or done anything other than websites with scripting languages. I think that as a developer the biggest roadblock to me making apps for my Android device is 1) the verbosity and different syntax of Java (which I am becoming more familiar with) and the way that the apps are organized. And of course the whole XML shenanigans (I'm not too fond of it in general, it's WAY too verbose). As I said, I am definitely very interested in creating apps for my device, but I also feel that one of the biggest friction points for Android becoming as popular as tne iPhone is the fact that it's built on Java. Disclaimer: I'm a little buzzed so if this comment is lame, I apologize. This is just the kind of site that I am looking for. I've had lots of GPX/KML data from my Android phone (with the My Tracks app) and no where to put it. I'm incredibly excited to start using this daily after every ride, to both share what I've done with my buddies and keep track of how far I go. I really wish I was doing this all day every day whenever I ride... I think I rode 10 miles a day for the past 2 years rain or shine to and from my job and it would have been super rad to see the hundreds of miles ridden all added up! So, sorry I don't have any immediate feedback yet but I am using your app and hope to have some good feedback soon:) Here I am - http://ridewithgps.com/users/4151 All the data I've imported thus far has been My Tracks data exported as GMX - http://ridewithgps.com/users/4151 That's a great book, not just for getting laid ;) It teaches you a lot about the human mind. It opened my door to NLP as well (neuro-linguistic programming) which I have a few books on but have yet to really dive into. It's a fast and entertaining read. I just ordered one myself for $529, free overnight shipping and $0 tax to Honolulu, Hawaii. I couldn't be more excited! The Nexus One doesn't ship with a sim when you purchase the unlocked version. In that case it would be an iPod Touch... you'd rely on WiFi for all data usage. I'm not sure why T-Mobile is so hated on. I've never had problems with them, and haven't had any dropped calls I can think of. AT&T is total garbage, especially with iPhone users supersaturating the network. The "Even More Plus" plans basically translate to contract-free. I pay $59 a month for unlimited data/text, unlimited nights and weekends, unlimited t-mo to t-mo, and get 500 minutes. I don't talk a ton, so it's perfect. My equivalent iPhone plan was $99 a month, for lesser service. If you root the device you can install the same HTC input manager (keyboard, AKA the HTC_IME) and use that as a replacement keyboard, which is MUCH better. It's better out of the box, and as Nwallins said, it's even better once calibrated. It really is. Fortunately with modded firmwares you can use the SD card for more than it was originally intended, like partitioning it for storing your applications and even a linux swap. Still, it's a mega usability nightmare. Because the card also stores all your photos and music, when you want to connect it to your computer it has to unmount on the device, and there goes all your apps with it. Which causes things to hang and die. Considering the cost of physical memory these days.. it doesn't make sense not to include a larger bit of internal storage. Heck they can even keep the SD slot on there for extra storage for those who desire it. How is this on the front page? We've already got a well discussed thread on the nexus one :[ I think that part of the reason why the apps for the iPhone are better is due to the Android platform in general. No one codes Java for fun or for cool points. You don't see companies popping up like Tapbots where the UI's are carefully constructed pixel by pixel for Android. The coolest thing to hit Java for a long time is Clojure, and that's only for data nerds. The mac is cool, OS X is cool, developing for the mac is cool. That's why people like the iPhone. It's cool . People want their shit to be rad, and they want others to think that they are rad too. You don't get this with Java, so I don't think we'll ever get this on Android. Suffice to say... I have a Nexus One (previously I had a MyTouch 3G, and before that an iPhone 3G) and I love it! I've had a Nexus One for a few days now as well (ordered on launch day) and I can say that it's a fantastic device. The aura of excitement I had with the experience on my first day owning it was akin to the one I had after coming out of the IMAX 3D theater after seeing Avatar. It's just cool . Let me elaborate. I'm a Mac nerd. I hack on my mac, I worked at an Apple store for a couple of months for fun, and I really believe that they have their shit together and produce magnificent products. I never owned an original iPhone, but had a 3G the day they were released (see a pattern, like many of you I am a gadget freak). I eventually just got bored with it. It's a great device, but like I said I'm a gadget freak so I needed a new fix. Android was an attractive platform because of it's tight integration with Google (I'm an apps user), and T-Mobile offered much cheaper plans. My girlfriend is also on T-Mo, so the path was clear. I bought my first Android device in October of 09, a T-Mobile MyTouch 3G. It took a lot of getting used to. I figured that since the iPhone was the gold standard for smart phones, a lot of the Android experience would be a copy and therefore I'd learn it quickly. Sort of... but no. Unlike the iPhone, there are many devices running Android and most of them have a lot more external buttons. The UI depends on it. The back button for example, and the menu button, are critical on Android. Being a UI guy I learned things quickly, and after hacking and tweaking the phone with Cyanogen's mod, I came to like it. I missed my iPhone though, and longed for a better android experience; especially after the Droid came out, running Android 2.0. Unfortunately I had unlocked my iPhone and given it to my girlfriend, so I wasn't about to take it back. Enter Nexus One. I had known about the physical device for a long time. Most people referred to it in the HTC community as the Passion. I was pretty damn excited when the Nexus materials started to leak. The device was gorgeous, and the specs were fantastic. I quickly sold my MyTouch on Ebay and bought the Nexus as soon as I could. Best $530 I have ever spent, by far. The new OS is an amazing improvement on the old. The experience has almost done a 180. Everything is smoother and quicker. Things are more convenient and not as convoluted as they once were. I'm sure the 512MB of ram and 1GHz processor have a great deal to do with that, but I'm not complaining. The hardware is gorgeous too. It feels great in your hand (much like an iPhone) and like many say the screen is beautiful. I've never owned a Droid but I've played around with one. I don't like the hardware keyboard and the device is slow. It doesn't have the OS that the Nexus has (2.0 compared to 2.1) and there's a big difference. The snapdragon processor is amazing. This thing screams compared to a Droid! Unfortunately... if you're on Verizon you have to wait a while for the CMDA version... but it's worth it! The Droid was a great effort, but it's not as nice as the Nexus. tl;dr - I went from iPhone to Android (with a MyTouch 3G) and was unimpressed. I'm a UI guy so I'm real picky. I just got myself a Nexus One, and I'm finally able to say that the Android experience is on equal playing field with the iPhone. No other Android device can say that, except the Nexus One. Yeah... I think that's the biggest problem. There aren't a ton of apps out for the device. Like dropbox, and kindle, to name a few. I still think it's because of Google's choice on Java, or at least the way the apps are built. XML files are the first bad sign. People complain that the $99 fee and approval process of Apple is so bad, that the $25 and no approval process of Google is the way to go. Problem is... many of the apps you see on the iPhone are quality apps. They look great, they function great, and they make developers a lot of cash. While you still see similar things on Android, it's far far less common. The Facebook app is a prime example. Comparing Facebook on iPhone to Facebook on Android is like comparing a Bugatti Veyron to a 1989 Taurus SHO. Very good point. I've noticed all these things and really like them. I like how Google has kicked it into high gear and I hope that independent developers do too. I think we need a better UI framework or just app framework in general for building Android apps... I'm not satisfied with the way things work right now. Thanks for the great comment! Surprisingly everything you said made a whole lot of sense. I guess for now I was more interested in creating a prototype. I have absolutely zero 3D modeling experience, and after giving Blender a try for about 10 minutes I need some Tylenol, heh. The epoxy casting makes a lot of sense and seems like the best route to do it myself. My dad built his own kayak not too long ago, and I helped him out a lot with the fiberglass coating and epoxy (it's wooden, but it's coated in those things). I guess the hardest part in that sense would be creating a perfect and symmetrical mold, which is where the 3D modeling comes in handy =/ Hopefully I can find some semi-interested hackers or someone here in Honolulu who might be interested in helping with the project. Thanks again for your tips, It's helped push me in a better direction :) pg was number one for me :D This has to be due to the fact that Google didn't do/have any sort of marketing. Every other phone had a carrier behind it as well. It's an apples to oranges comparison! The iPhone 3GS had two previous iPhones to pave it's way, the Droid had all kinds of viral marketing going for it from Verizon, the MyTouch had a lot of marketing from T-Mobile with stars like Whoopie Goldberg and Chevy Chase. The only thing that Google had behind it was geeks like us who read HN and blogs like Engadget. Well I think the problem I want to solve is a bank that the common tech-savvy (wo)man can use. My sister in college, my girlfriends freelancing mom, my defense contractor dad... anyone who is comfortable with online banking and smartphones, anyone who is open to new technology and using it to make their lives more efficient. The USAA scan-your-check-instant-fund-availability concept is fantastic! Paying bills with my phone like the new Square concept is amazing as well. This is the future and I want a bank that is pioneering in these ways too. Combine all of that with a bank that doesn't wanna nickel and dime me.. and I think we have a winner. Precisely. I was expelled from a "science and technology" magnet school for finding some holes in their network. The IT admin's password was "north" so I could basically do anything. Based on the way they did logins (Novell on Win2k workstations) any time a user logged in on a machine, I could get their password. It was a matter of booting a live linux distro, mounting a usb stick, copying a few files from the windows drive over to the usb stick, and then brute forcing once I got home. I screwed around a little bit, rebooting various Netware servers from the web admin for fun. Unfortunately the "shut down" button does a graceful shutdown and sends a message to every single machine on the network... so it wasn't very stealth. All in all, I never did a single malicious thing. I explored their network, restarted some servers, and logged in as a teacher occasionally to screencap the "Logout blah teacher name" to show off to my buddies. Never once did I look at anyones personal documents or change any grades. I was a pussy, just an explorer. Long story short, being a cocky 16 year old kid with a ton of user passwords, I blogged about it and got nailed. The way they handled it wash horrible, literally dragging me and my buddies out of class by the arm and cursing at us for embarrassing the school. This all happened the day after returning from a thanksgiving break, but the interesting thing is one of the teachers there was dragged into the "investigation" (every single post/page on my blog was printed into little booklets for the majority of the staff to read and analyze) and personally called me the day before the break, to let me know that I better watch my ass. I'm a good guy, I give money back to people who drop it on the sidewalk, give up my seat on the bus to women, kids, and the elderly, etc... but they didn't realize it. The staff there is so elite because their public magnet school only gets the "smart" kids in the district. They kicked me out as soon as they had the chance. Their infrastructure is probably still vulnerable and their IT staff are just as clueless. I'd have happily done anything that I could to prevent other jacknobs in the school from doing what I did, if they had just asked for my help or even just noticed there was a problem and made changes. Instead... I'm some crazy hacker kid who doesn't belong amongst the elite kids. I remember booting a live cd once before I even had a reputation at the school, and it was as though I was beating off in church. People were so incredibly offended by the terminal and lack of gui, like I was some kind of hacker just waiting to destroy everything. Looking back.. I wish I hadn't been such a wimpy 10th grader. I should have screwed around way more in high school. For some reason the second I was expelled and sent to the "normal" high school I grew some balls and started acting like a regular teenager. Oh yeah the dump I speak of is called Clark Magnet and it's in La Crescenta, California. Drupal is such a complex pig, a custom solution would be much better. Especially for someone as big as TechCrunch. Wow so a vook is like a book with the distraction of video and a movie with the distraction of text. Let's not forget that Apple is revolutionizing the world. Even if their products are bad for consumers in that they restrict with DRM, have higher costs, use proprietary technology, etc... they are sparking a huge huge change in the world of technology. Android is a great example of this. This is the good ol' military industrial complex but in a consumer electronics sense. Companies are competing and innovating, and we have to thank Apple for much of that. In the end we are the people who will benefit, with lower cost devies and better software. Even the carriers are attacking each other now on prices for the best 3G network (VZW & ATT). I think people are confusing corporations succeeding in a capitalist market with "evil". This is AMERICA, where we compete for everything and anyone can do anything, as long as they can do it better than someone else. Apple is not evil. They're a company that likes to make money, and likes to make devices that people blow their loads over. I worked at apple for a while... they gave me some cool things like a free bus pas ($50 in Hawaii) every month to encourage use of public transit. They're certainly not evil, not any more evil than Google, Microsoft, HP, IBM, the list goes on... They're just the most successful. And it always sucks at the top, because everyone is trying to bring you down. Imagine all the companies that are trying to get at Apple's trade secrets, it's no wonder they have such intense security. EDIT: Sorry somehow I thought this post had no URL, I was making these comments purely on the title. Must have accidentally clicked comments instead of the title. This is not only a good tutorial on getting started with your environment, but has some really good resources for getting started with actually building apps or getting them on your device :) Now we just need someone to come along and teach us web hackers how to go from developing in a MVC php/python/ruby/etc.. methodology to building java apps. I'm great with a *nix system so getting the SDK running on my Mac was no problem, but building Java apps... I'm clueless in that department! I love how you can refer to this url as well, so git like - http://github.com/rails/rails/commit/2ebea1c02 I'm pretty sure the intern was Daniel Brusilovsky... he tweeted about "writing the hardest email he's ever had to write" and all his posts are 404'ing on TC. The tweet of his: http://twitter.com/danielbru/status/8523812779 BTW for those of you interested in installing on Linux, you'll need php5-dev (so on deb/ubuntu machines a quick apt-get install php5-dev solves it). Run phpize from the root, then the normal ./configure, make, make install etc... I have so many damn unnecessary problems with OS X that I've resorted to running a lightweight Debian VM with VMWare. It uses ~250mb out of my 4GB RAM and I can just suspend it whenever I'm not coding. Benefits: I can use apt-get and have all the other conveniences of a true *nix environment. I can update and try out new software easily (I had XHP running in about 5 minutes). Also, I can create snapshots of my OS so that when my environment is just the way I like it, I can always revert right back to it. I interact with certain paths on my virtual linux filesystem just as though they were local (like my ~/Sites dir) and have various dev domains in my /etc/hosts file pointing to the VM (which has it's own internal ip). Cons: It's a standalone VM so it consumes a consistent 250mb of memory. Never really looked at what mysql/apache were doing on my Mac previously (I would assume far less) but I haven't really ran into an issue where the VM is a big issue yet. The convenience far outweighs the chuck of memory it eats up :) I haven't had a single configuration problem yet ;) For developers the popular phrase is reversed, Debian "just works" and OS X is a pain in my ass. One of the ways that you can create a good looking button or clickable image is to set the background image of an element so that you can take advantage of features like :hover pseudo-classes. Sometimes you don't want the text to appear inside of that element, like if the text for your button is inside the image. The solution is using a huge text indent number (-9999, to take it off of the left side of the page). It's basically a trick. An em is just a measurement, equivalent to the width of the letter M. You'll notice sometimes when clicking a link that you'll see the dotted outline text extend all the way to the left side of the page. That's because the text inside of that element is actually way far off 9999em's to the left of your display. Like a bad act getting pulled off-stage by the big long hook around the neck. Yeah it's REALLY bad. Funny thing is, and I don't know if this is store-specific or what but as an Apple employee working at the retail store, I got access to all of my email thru squirrelmail. You could only hit it from behind their firewall, but it's http://webmail.apple.com (it will fwd to https://webmail.apple.com/src/login.php if you cancel out of the login prompt, which for anyone who's used squirrelmail, is the standard login page) Of course I was also given a mobileme account (which uses a pretty slick desktop-like web UI for mail) but I was shocked that they didn't do like a Google-Apps style rebrand of MobileMe email for their own @apple.com accounts. Pretty sad if you ask me. Jesus I knew these guys were doing good, but not THIS good. 2 mil a year on WordPress themes is absolutely insane! I also appreciate your hard work. There are always assholes out there that are jealous of someone else, who have to share some sort of negativity even when deep down inside they really admire what you're doing. Keep up the good work man and don't let the less intelligent people in our world get to you. I've made about $8,000 in sales selling my own theme modeled after the site I built for iJustine (theme link: http://whalesalad.com/tasty ) but that's just a teeny fraction of what you made, let alone Woo! I have more in the pipe... but there's only one of me =/ Why is everyone complaining about a site redesign? As far as I can tell it looks exactly the same? Was the CSS file not included or something so everyone freaked out? I'd love to hear some context on all of this... I don't mean to jack the thread here, but I did something similar over the weekend that was a lot of fun. I cloned and then built upon a local system here in Honolulu that lets you see when buses are coming to a stop. I originally wanted to build an Android app but realized that I could do the same thing faster with my current skill set (web apps) thanks to some of the Geolocation features of HTML5. Plus, both me and my girlfriend can use it (she's on an iphone)! Here it is - http://thebus.ws/about/ For those not familiar with Hawaii... try some street names like King, Queen, Bishop, Kapiolani. If you're on island the locate button will find your location thru browser api's and then load stops near you. Stops right by my place would be 2088, 306, and 405 (you can search for those numbers). BTW, I really like what you did :) It's very simple and looks pretty good to boot. I have a client in Sweden right now, so this comes in handy! Myspace could hire anyone to make their site look like Facebook. It's not gonna save them. I guess what I meant was, they can hire anyone to simplify their layout, hiring this guy isn't gonna change anything. I'm sure there are dozens of people at Myspace who want to simplify things. Just click on the link to the dude's about page (which is his myspace link) and there are about 6 flash advertisements on top of all the other crap. Link: http://www.myspace.com/nouman Facebook removes customization/control from users, and that is why it is so popular. The focus is on communication and connection, not customization and self-promotion. The fundamental being of MySpace is what is flawed. Girls with glitter backgrounds and odd poses trying to show off their budding teenage breasts, guys trying to get some ass and scope out girls. Of course that happens everywhere, not just Myspace, but that's the kind of reputation that it holds. Most people's "pages" are difficult to look at. The only thing that Myspace is decent for is grabbing new music from bands, as that is what it originally set out to be. It's doomed, time to jump ship. No facebook^H^H^H^H.... clean design is going to save it now. It's fostered a community that reflects it's design, a crappy one. Just like the startup I once worked for... the culture was shitty no matter how much emotion and passion you put into your work or saving it, it was useless. Certain things cannot be changed or fixed. This reminds me a lot of Dustin Curtis' redesign of AA. I think the guy has talent and I don't mean to knock him at all, but you can't just expect to throw a fresh coat of paint on something and assume the people who use it and the stigma about it will suddenly change for the good. Heck, Facebook gets shit from users every single time it's redesigned. "1,000,000 strong to bring back the old Facebook!" - there have probably been 15 of those created every single time FB throws down a new design. tl;dr - I digress... the problem with Myspace is not the design and UX, it's the people on top (Newscorp), the community that has been fostered around it, and the stigma that it has in society. There's no turning back from that. My mom, grandmother, cousins, friends, colleagues, high school buddies, you name it are all on Facebook. Friends that I made before we could text or IM each other, back when we had to call or go knock on the door to see if they wanted to hang out, are on Facebook with me. My myspace page is a joke, a place where my ex-girlfriend used to get jealous and flaunt photos of her tits to all her friends. It's an absolute joke. Brilliant! I'm using my own little hacked-together system for all my sites right now that handles like a champ, but this looks like a much more structured and secure setup. I think I see my background once a week. It serves almost no purpose to me. I'd probably disable it if I could to be honest. I'm in OS X. ⌘+Tab, my Dock, and Launchbar is all I need. I personally find it odd when people out there have a ton of icons in their OS X dock... I only keep frequently apps in there ( http://grab.by/2yZF ) and then use Launchbar to do everything else. ^+Space lets me launch any app. I can't wait for these to be in iTunes and downloadable... Right now the podcast feed has some old stuff in it. I'm flying from HNL to LAX in a few days and would love to have some PyCon goodness to watch! Dreamhost shared hosting is some of the worst in the business, they oversell like crazy. Not sure how their VPS offering is, but in terms of price you will pay much less for the same VPS (on paper) from Linode. I've had great experiences with both Linode and Slicehost (using them almost equally for both small sites and a startup (schoolrack.com is hosted on a 4 cluster Slicehost setup). My vote is for Linode. I'd love to hear some comments here on equivalent Django/Python solutions. I know of Webfaction and that's about it. I really want a Heroku for Django! The external UI looks like Picwing and Etherpad had a baby. The internal UI looks a lot like Etherpad too. It's interesting that of all the various Google Data API's (which many use OAuth, I believe) Gmail isn't one of them. I guess that makes sense, since there are protocols like IMAP and POP... but for something like this it would be nice. The Google Contact API supports OAuth, which is fantastic because so many sites want your email address and password to get contacts (for like invite friend style functionality) but it doesn't appear they store any kind of communication frequency data. Video feed of the news down there: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/hitsunami I just came home to LA to visit family from Honolulu, all my friends back in HI are saying "wow you picked the best time to leave". Have you ever played around with DD-WRT? http://www.dd-wrt.com/site/index Grab yourself a WRT54G (or WRT54GL, L for LINUX) and you won't regret the combination :D For those of us nubs who don't know what PT_DENY_ATTACH is, I did a little bit of research and have come to this conclusion: It's a flag that prevents a debugger from attaching itself to the process, aka preventing gdb from attaching to iTunes. Sounds like the best way to solve this issue would be a visual chooser? Like looking through a small grid of icons with people smiling. If you chose female previously the icons would be girls, and vice versa for male. If I click the blonde haired white dude, you know I'm a kid from southern california. I could not agree more. I don't know why people keep making claims that a technology (PuSH) can kill a service (Twitter) with a HUGE community behind it. The value in Twitter isn't the tech (it's nearly featureless), but the users, community, and experience that it provides. EDIT: Quite ironically... they use a QR code on the Android download page! http://www.stickybits.com/android/ QR codes for the win! Seems like the Android world has really latched onto this... with the iPhone kind of not so much. You can store a lot more data in a QR code. There are some handy tools for a common Android workflow which is, I'm at home and I need to bail real fast to catch a bus or head out, but I want the site I am viewing on my computer on my phone. I generate a quick QR code of the page, snap a pic with my phone, and leave. Here are some links: http://code.google.com/p/qrbookmarklet/ and http://servletsuite.blogspot.com/2008/11/qr-code-bookmarklet... I built a simple tool here in Honolulu to enhance a service that does estimated arrival times. You can find it here - http://thebus.ws/about . One of the thing I want to do as a public service and because I am a bus nerd, is get some durable plastic tags printed out with a bazillion QR codes for every bus stop on the island, and mount them in a semi-secure fashion (punks are always gonna fuck with things.... but these will be cheap so who cares). That way when you're at a bus stop you can snap a pic of the QR code and load up the page with all the bus arrivals. GPS is even easier (which is how I am doing it right now, finding stops near you) but this is just another way to make things quicker. I wish we would adopt QR codes more here in the US of A... Japan uses them all over the place. Hmm from the looks of it it doesn't seem like they're actually using the design anywhere? As far as I can tell the image from Metalab has been placed on a public wiki. Installing wget took about 20 seconds... brilliant. No offense to the op but this is another reason why I prefer OS X to any other operating system.. this stuff is built in. You can print any site right to PDF from any browser (as it's an OS feature). No Adobe needed. Off topic, but wow I was surprised to open this link up and find that the author and I sat next to each other in 9th grade Physics :D I think the concept of trading services based on karma points is good. If I can build a simple site for a plumber or mechanic, to have them fix a broken pipe or replace my clutch, that's pretty valuable. Things aren't that black and white or simple, but this is a start to getting back into a society where people help each other in exchange for services. This might be more of a local (think craigslist) thing too. I do think the name is pretty horrible though. I think a lot of SXSWi's downfall is due to the "Social Media Experts" who are starting to infiltrate our world. I saw a tweet the other day that said it best... Social Media Experts are just people who can't design or build. I can't agree more. I went 2 and 3 years ago respectively, primarily because I had heard so many interesting things about the panels. I'd see tweets or blog posts about interesting design panels and new technologies or startups being announced and talked about in Austin. I remember really enjoying the scalability one with the guys from Automattic (Matt Mullenweg), Digg (Joe Stump), etc... I haven't heard a single thing like that this year, and am glad I didn't go. I don't doubt that there were some decent panels, but no one seems to have cared about them. Why? It's become a place to party among the twitterati and "elite" of the startup and web world. It's like going clubbing on Sunset in Hollywood and hoping to run into Lindsay Lohan shooting up in the bathroom. Spotting guys like Kevin Rose, Daniel Burka (digg designer), Gary Vaynerchuk, Ashton Kutcher, (and girls like) Justine Ezarik, etc.... I'm not saying it doesn't sound like fun going to parties every night and getting hammered, but thats really all that it has become. I could go on and on complaining about how lame SXSWi was... my company was going to pay completely for me to go last year and I turned it down knowing it would suck. There are much better things to spend money on. If I lived in Austin I might go just for the social aspect... but really the conference itself is worthless. I'm a freelancer somehow surviving in Honolulu right now. It's expensive as hell. You'll figure it out! One cool thing to look forward to... Django was birthed in Kansas! I'd love to be surrounded by Django/Python jobs! Exactly. The Droid had a HUGE campaign from Verizon behind it to compete with the iPhone. The iPhone was hyped since it's announcement at Macworld 6 months prior to it's release, plus had, again, the power of AT&T behind it. Google decided to do things in favor of the customer (not the big huge cell companies) and sell the Nexus One unlocked. It's now on AT&T's 3G network, and soon coming in a CDMA fashion to Verizon. I'd be interested to see the actual profit from the big cell companies from their sales, minus all the marketing efforts. Verizon hit it pretty hard with all of their "Droid Does" commercials. The Nexus, to me, is going to quickly become a thorn in every phone companies' side. All the phone companies have right now is their product differentiation. Lately they seem to be attacking each other on their network quality, but for the most part it's "I'm going with XYZ because they have ABC device that I prefer to your device on other-network". The N1 will shortly be available on any network, the consumer will have the power! Wow... I'm more concerned that car dealers are actually installing boxes like this in cars. Just another reason why I prefer the older cars from the 90's where they don't have hundreds of miles of wiring and eight layers of plastic above the engine to prevent maintenance. There are few scenarios where url shorteners come in handy... one being Twitter, and the other being times when you get an insanely long and unwieldily querystring moster like earlier when I was sending some directions from Google Maps to a friend. For the former [Twitter], I wrote about what I think could be a simple and effective solution on my blog. Enjoi - http://whalesalad.com/blog/how-twitter-can-eliminate-url-sho... TL;DR - Let's use the simple Markdown syntax to let users enter links in their tweets. There are a few downsides (larger columns in the Twitter DB) but Twitter wouldn't need URL shorteners any longer! Plus since they moved to Cassandra... maybe tweet size doesn't really matter anymore :D He makes a really good argument. I agree with most of his points, especially this: Technology people tend to vastly overestimate the things that people look at when deciding if a phone is good or not. They care about how polished the outside looks, how thin it is, and how smooth and fast the user interface is. There is really not much more! They don't care about multi-tasking or open source or any of that stuff - they care about how impressed other people are when they look at them using the phone. I started with a MyTouch and moved to a Nexus One (which I have now). The more I use Android, the less appealing it becomes. Honestly... who cares that it's open source? It's a novelty. The AOSP stuff for 2.1 has been out forever, yet the only device to be using it is the Nexus. The fragmentation is killing it. I think a lot of Apple's success with the iPhone comes from a lot of it's restraints. In the long run I still think Apple is always going to have the upper hand.. not only because it was first in this new generation of smartphones, but because they control every aspect of the device. OS, Hardware, Applications and App Store. I wasn't even considering the Windows phone... but now it's definitely in the back of my mind. YES. Me too.. especially for a web developer (someone who's used to python, php, ruby, etc.. (scripted languages) moving to something like Java. But.. ugh... XML is so gross. It would be nice to build something that abstracts a lot of the boilerplate crap you have to go through when doing Java. http://dpaste.de is a much nicer alternative pastebin, which spawned from this one. Also, it's worthy to note that both were originally built for the Django community. I too wonder why this was posted (and why it's on the homepage, heh.. it's really not much different than other pastebins. Sounds like you just need to man up and grow a pair. Honestly. If you think what he said was "harsh", then you're in for an interesting world. At some point in my life... I think it was the start of my senior high school year, I just became comfortable and cool with myself. I started not caring about what others thought, and just did what made me happy. I made new friends, ditched old ones, and started my career. Confidence in yourself is the best thing you can have. As soon as I graduated high school I moved to Hawaii to work for a new startup, and haven't looked back. Live life from the perspective of "will I regret not doing this?" rather than "will I regret doing this?". Also, at the chance of coming off as cheesy... think about the legacy that you want to leave for yourself. What are people going to say at your funeral? What will your tombstone read? What can you surround yourself with so that every day that you wake up in the morning, you're excited to get at it and live it? I think that's where true happiness comes from, and that's what truly matters in life :) Wow I randomly jumped to this scheme, which is actually a fairly popular [Textmate] theme known as Argonaut - http://inspiration.sweyla.com/code/seed/951824/ I guess it's not entirely random, but just has a big db of popular schemes? Unrelated.. but I really love the look of the site. This is so good for everyone. Apple is totally going to take Flash down, and I can't wait. It's slow, it crashes, and it's old. This is somewhat anecdotal, but a coworker at my previous startup came from Adobe, and said that the flash player team was total chaos (and surprisingly small), and there were separate teams for each platform. I can't wait for Flash to die completely. I have absolutely no appreciation for it. This is the dumbest thing I have ever heard. For those of us who live in caves, this works, but for those of us who participate in the real world, it doesn't. It's like a hippie telling me to only buy locally grown organic produce and boycot the rest, when it's cheaper and I really don't give a shit. You're completely right. The alternatives are garbage . OpenOffice is an absolute joke. My dad sent me this attachment, asking for some help doing an animation. Let's compare the OpenOffice version, to the Keynote version. Keynote: http://grab.by/3r23 OpenOffice: http://grab.by/3r25 Until the app that I use to deal with these open formats is equivalent or better than MS Office or Keynote, I'm going to use it. I could care less what format the document comes in... I've never had an issue opening something. I worked out the issue my dad had in Keynote (the slide he needed help with was not the screenshot, heh) The FSF guys have never provided alternative solutions that actually work, and yes, until then, I'm going to ignore their stupid bullshit. They've built a good API, but I don't know what it is either. I've been a beta user for a little while, and was originally going to use it to store bus stops in Honolulu county, to make finding nearby ones from your mobile phone quicker. In my initial testing it returned all kinds of locations near me, when all I wanted were those on my own "layer". I was getting coffee shops, and all kinds of stuff. I guess that might be the intention? It was never clear to me, and doing it locally was actually easier and faster (using geopy). Just my $0.02. I really want one too, but most of that is indeed from the fact that all my buddies are picking them up, and it seems like a nice gadget. For someone like my mom, grandparents, this is a perfect device. My grandpa has a shitty old WebTV for his email, because it uses a familiar interface (his la-z-boy and tv dinner table), but I could easily see him picking this up, opening emails with his finger, etc... For me though... it's a novelty. I live in my Macbook Pro, so I don't need another webkit device to play around with on weekends. Although.... it would be really nice on plane trips. That 10hr (12hrs by David Pogue at the NYT) battery life (playing video) is going to be a game changer for sure. Tie that in with Netflix streaming, and you've got a pretty sick portable movie machine! Hopefully they do some kind of client-side caching "offline" mode, so you can get a streaming movie stored for a flight. Can anyone explain what this means to people outside of the UK? I don't mean this in a condescending way.. I just really feel ignorant. I'm not sure what an MP is, and I'm not sure what role this whole thing plays in the lives of the English. That is pretty exciting and inspirational :) I owe a lot of what I do today to my parents/grandparents as well... pretty much everyone on my dad's side of the family has worked or is currently still working for Lockheed at their Skunk Works plant (the guys that did the SR-71) in Palmdale, CA. My dad and grandpa were both illustrators, drawing out schematics and stuff for Lockheed. I really think a lot of my design abilities are genetic, and I owe it to my dads side of the family. And a blogpost describing how it all works - http://bulknews.typepad.com/blog/2010/04/sunaba-perl-web-app... I honestly think that I can.. but I feel like things would be so much better if I had a partner to help. I tend to work "lone wolf" because I've had interesting experiences in my past with others. I feel like a company (or at least a small team) can be birthed from this. I definitely enjoy sharing the idea and getting feedback. It's a double edged sword. I applied to this past YC with a friend (on his idea, not mine) and made it to the interview stage. I'm kicking myself for not submitting this idea (although, it wasn't even close to this mature, then), because I am convinced that something like YC would be the exact bit of inertia necessary to push this thing straight into a hail mary. That's the overruling statement right there for most of this App store shenanigans.., if something sucks people won't use it, and it won't be a threat. One reason I like my nVidia chip is that the Adobe creative suite (Photoshop CS4, and I'd assume CS5) takes advantage of the GPU to take load off the CPU. I'm not a gamer though, so I don't have anything to share in that department. Link: http://techreport.com/discussions.x/15571 Looks like this thing is getting pretty full! If you hit the "Insert > Add Row" at the end you can enter your info. Hmm... I'm pretty sure that's a fake screenshot (just a mockup). It has all of the same identical invisible marks as Textmate in "Show Invisibles" mode. FF is quickly becoming an obsolete browser. iPhone uses Webkit, iPod Touch, iPad, every single Android phone (like the Nexus One and Droid), Chrome on Windows & Mac... every new Mac... the list goes on. I'm all for competition, but Webkit is clearly the champion here.