I call fake. See http://pastebin.com/64PAAV1c Same data, one month old. Millions of machines about to loose MS support. Millions of machines unable to run windows 7/8/9. Millions of people suddenly very interested in linux. MS isn't worried that people won't upgrade. They are worried that they will. Also, this may have to do with the Target malware as the afflicted POS machines appear to be running XP. lol, I meant to say that they will be installing linux on the old XP machines, without buying new hardware. There are plenty of tiny distros that could keep those XP machines running safely for many years. An invasion scenario came up far more recently, during the Quebec referendum: 1.Quebec separates from Canada. 2.Northing Quebec (Native) separates from south (French) 3.Protesters interrupt power lines through northern Quebec. 4.New York City goes dark. 5.US Paratroopers land in northern Quebec to restore NY power. Why? Because students today are focused on "doing well". That means getting good grades. Look at your tests, be them locally-created or standardized. How are they graded? Do students get good grades for debate or mechanically computing the right answer? Who? An American culture that constantly enforces a science v. arts dichotomy. I say American because in no other country is this split enshrined in language: Metric units for the scientists and English for everyone else. I say American because few other countries produce so many millionaires with zero science education. Look at your student's role models. Athletes. Celebs. Seth McFarlin. Politicians. Donald Trump. The American system does not reward scientific creativity in the same way it does social aptitude. Change would be painful, so painful that it cannot happen for a generation or two Just try suggesting highway signs be changed from mph to kph. And that's easy part. Canada uses the same scheme. It isn't incorrect, just different. A "supreme" court is one of general jurisdiction and are the highest court to which an issue may be brought (as opposed to appellate courts which do not hear issues directly). They are supreme over courts of limited jurisdiction such as family or probate courts. The US Supreme Court (federal) actually uses the same name scheme as New York and Canada. All district and appellate are limited geographically, with the supreme court being the only court of general jurisdiction (Amongst the fed. All US fed courts are technically limited). But some actions can still be brought directly to the SCOTUS such as disputes between states over land. So it is not purely an appellate court, hence the term supreme. Blink and you've missed it. Everyone has to go down eventually. 99.999999% up still means some down. Not stealth. Far to many flat 90/45* surfaces and corners. Nobody with any understanding of radar was involved in the design of that thing. Not supercavitating. Supercavitation is based on cavitation, not sucking down air from the surface. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercavitation . And the amount of energy needed to create a supercavitation void around those hulls ... The Shkval is essentially an underwater rocket and it still uses exhaust gases to top up the bubble in which it flies (see the little holes near the nose) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VA-111_Shkval . Not a hydrofoil. No foils. It looks to be a SWATH hull (Small Waterplane Area Twin Hull) another great Canadian invention. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small-waterplane-area_twin_hull Who did this guy know at Businessweek to get this sales pitched turned into an "article"? Ya, but that ship was an actual hydrofoil. The foils act like wings to generate lift from movement. The thing in the OP uses movable pontoons, buoyancy, to haul itself up regardless of speed. Note also that real hydrofoils angle their foils in parallel to the hull. It's essentially a dihedral effect like that of an airplane. As the ship lists one way, the foil on the downward side pushes more directly upwards, righting the ship. The 'foils' on the OP are mounted in the opposite manner, generating opposite effect. If they generated any actual lift the ship would flip instantly. Which was based on the real Sea Shadow. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_Shadow_%28IX-529%29 They're pontoons on movable outriggers. Novel, but useless. An air envelope would certainly reduce friction but would basically kill buoyancy. Big metal tubes don't float in air. So without any real foils/wings to generate lift, even if a bubble could be formed, the pontoon would literally fall to the bottom of the bubble. Supercavitating hulls (ie the ShVal torpedo) suspend themselves within a bubble via their noses. They are moving so fast that the nose, the only spot where the torpedo touches the water, provides enough lift to keep the thing in the bubble. But you need rocket-like accelerations to keep this going. From their patent "whereby to provide propeller generated super-cavitated water flowing from the propellers and thence along an outer surface of said vehicle;" WTF? There is no such thing as super-cavitated water. Cavitation presupposes a CAVITY, a void ... something other than water. Maybe water with bubbles? Prop wash? http://www.google.com/patents/US20120097086 There is no general air defence these days. There are point installations protecting military targets, on military land, but there aren't batteries of missiles to defend large cities. If needed they launch intercept aircraft. (imho those military point defence installations are turned off most all of the time. See below.) Recently in Vancouver we hosted the woman's world cup. Joe Biden was in town. And so was this ( http://i.imgur.com/pvxYN49.jpg ). That's the USS Stockdale entering Vancouver port to provide him cover. It left port the day after he left town. All very quiet. Local news didn't speak of this big thing coming in unescorted. I only noticed after one of our boats went screaming by the dog beach ( http://i.imgur.com/G7lY9s4.jpg ) about half an hour before. It was probably leaving to make room at the dock. When the Stockdale left it was followed by a tug and a rib from the local cops... they probably learned about it at the same time I did. Stockdale's itinerary listing it docking in North Vancouver. http://www.uscarriers.net/ddg106history.htm The lack of air defence is probably a good thing. The error rate, the risk of shooting down something by accident, would be unacceptable. Agreed that there is less of a death by nuclear war. But today there is a far greater chance of being shot by a an armed squad of uniformed men driving armoured vehicles. It's really apples and oranges, but people still die at the hands of violence today as they did in the past. It might also be based on very practical things. The prez/vice always have a quick exit plan. The stockdale has a pair of helos that could have picked him up from anywhere in the city. That might mean they didn't have to lay on as many ground assets. Where is Saudi Arabia in this story? When I was there in the 90s I saw maps of time zones that listed Saudi Arabia as still using solar time. That was long after the official switch in the 60s. I understood the official "solar time" line as a nod to religion. Nobody was setting watches every sunset but the calls to prayer certainly moved with the sun. So the ubertooth isn't legal anymore? Doesn't locking down wifi radios basically outlaw software-defined radio (SDR)? How can SDR exist without infinite control over "modulation types"? I'm not sure that it is possible to truly lock down a radio to a particular modulation type. Transmitters aren't magic. They cannot be DRMed. They don't even run software. Send them the voltage and they send the signal. One cannot discuss long-term copyright without mentioning the mickey mouse graph. https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20090811/0123105835.shtml Copyrights have been extended so many time that the legal system has forgotten how to deal with expiration. The concept of profitable works "falling" into public domain is strangely foreign to most IP lawyers. The problem with Echalon-type programs today is cultural. They were/are intelligence operations. But today "intelligence" has grown to encompass criminal investigations and targeted, violent, operations such as drone strikes. An intelligence operation does not need to be 100% accurate. Huge volumes of less-than-perfect data are examined by experts who then issue reports, opinions, on what is actually happening. The top report would be the sort of things included in a president's daily briefing. That was basic cold-war intelligence. Today's leaders expect surveillance to be absolute. They don't want "and increased likelihood of attack", they want "Mr. Smith will be onboard flight 123 at 2pm". That's the level you need to send a bunch of cops to lawfully and publicly arrest a specific person and take them to a court for prosecution. Such things require very different methods, methods for which ECHALON was never designed. I agree that they are overplayed for effect, but there is some math. I saw Kissinger explain it when asked about nukes killed the whole world ten times over. The math started with WWII Germany. They kept reasonably reliable records of where and when people died during allied air raids. So someone drew up a formula linking the tonnage of bombs dropped with the number of dead on the ground. This was then extended to nukes and their power measured in thousands (kilo) and millions (mega) of tons of TNT. So bombs with explosive power greater than all of WWII (a common description) could "kill" as many people as an entire war. Kissinger was correct in saying that all the bombs in the world would not, could not, destroy everyone ten or twenty times over. This false analogy was also part of debates during Vietnam. Many, on both sided of every argument, used the math to estimate the number killed by US bombing raids, ignoring the fact that German cities and Vietnam jungle are in no way analogous. The rule in the US is "It is income unless it isn't." Everything you receive from everyone is taxable income unless you can find a specific tax code saying that it isn't. Lottery winnings are taxable unless a section exempts them. Non-monitary prizes or awards from competitions are taxable. As with most tax law, this is necessary to prevent widespread avoidance. Nobody would pay any taxes if only money income was taxed. We'd revert to a barter economy wherever possible, defeating the purpose of taxation. (ir employer pays employees with physical good via a company store.) If all competition winnings were exempt, employers might pay people in gambling tokens simply to avoid them having to pay taxes. I'd rather presume that most of these contests are actually other bots designed to generate buzz to promote events or, more likely, harvest market research data. I have no sympathy for such devices and have no problem watching robots fight over cowboy hats. It seems to me that the intelligence communicate uses lie detectors less as tests for nefarious activities and more as personality tests. Let's assume that lie detectors actually work. To "pass" such a test you have to be reasonably certain about your answers. Have you ever passed information to the enemy: Yes/No? Is everything in your application truthful? Only some people can be completely secure about there answers. The more knowledge and experience a person has in an area, the more the likelihood that they cannot give that yes/no answer. So what they get is a bunch of young, mostly male, kids who are not the type to self examine. They are sure that they are correct, that they have done no wrong. That infeed might explain much of the direction that the community has taken in recent years. Yes. I'd stake that the majority of retweets today are in fact bots. See below... "OK. 1 more chance. If no one RTs, replies, or even talks about this tweet, I will donate £15,000 to a charity of your choice. Any questions?" --> 369 retweets, most by suspected bots. https://twitter.com/rickygervais/status/324632844829876224 Funny. Some brits look up to the Chinese system to educate their kids, but come time for university and every single Chinese parent would rather their kid go the oxbridge route than any chinese school. Perhaps this article should be more explicit in that it involves comparison between CHinese practices and those of a subset of British schools. I went to a british-style boys school, a rugby school. It was nothing like the one in this article. We did plenty of memorization. We paid attention and worked hard for many hours beyond what is expected of the kids in this article. By grade 12 I had actually read all the major Shakespeares, read them well enough to have opinions and write papers. (First year university was a total walk in comparison.) The brits need not go to china for inspiration. The accents in north america are split east-west, not north-south. I'm from Vancouver but whenever I am in the eastern US they think I'm from california because I don't sound have the ontario/maritime accent they recognize as "canadian". "aboot" doesn’t exist in the west. Never has. I'm not sure that a linguist would paint all of canada with one brush. Any linguist worth being called such should at least recognize a couple english-french divides. I've been told that my accent isn't so much a sound, but a mode of speech. You can spot the Canadians in LA because they are the ones using complete sentences. There is a certain neutrality to the western-canadian accent, much like that of Minnesota. Take the word Going or anything else ending with ing. In much of the US it is pronounced "goin", dropping the g. In the UK it has become "going-g" ... they add an extra g sound. Right in the middle are the canadians and minnesotans who pronounce the word as written. Canadians, watch this vid to see the similarity with minnesota: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-BCxjYoOl0 (I know this guy) Not bills. Loonies are dollar coins with a loon on the back. "Twonies" are the two-dollar coins with a polar bear. Canada traditionally uses animal imagery on money, a sort of reconciliation gesture given the french-english-native splits in the country. Animals were common ground. Fyi, the band Nickelback was Canadian. The non-wikipedia joke behind that name is the animal on the back of the canadian nickel. All welland good, but will this come in time to swing Texas in the next election? A great case, but I think it's beyond weatherproof and into the realm of waterproof or immersible. A weatherproof enclosure need not be sealed to such an extent. And there is an upside to not sealing. If you plan that water will somehow get in, say by including a drain hole on the 'down' side, then the inevitable crack or other slow leak won't result in catastrophic flooding. Why the assumption that an index must represent a market? Wikipedia def: "An index fund (also index tracker) is an investment fund ... that aims to replicate the movements of an index of a specific financial market, or a set of rules of ownership that are held constant, regardless of market conditions." The OP only discusses the former, not the later. I see the point that an indexed fund tied to a specific market, the narrower the better, may bring antitrust rules into play. But the later concept, that a indexed fund is simply a fund with fixed buy rules, need not get anywhere close to antitrust. They need not have a presence across any "market" as conceived by antitrust. How about an indexed fund with the rule: Own equal numbers of share from all publicly-traded social media firms, except facebook. Such an indexed fund might find lots of investors without getting anywhere close to antitrust. I think the very term "indexed fund" is an artifact. Indexed funds need not be tied to an index. They can still be "passive investing" without the index. "Antitrust" is a similar linguistic artifact as you can violate antitrust rules without any mention of trusts, I think it is far more complicated than that. Google cares about the ease of deploying fiber. That touches on who owned the poles, the layout of land ownership and a hundred other things not necessarily tied to regulatory burdens. There are times when too little regulation can frustrate such deployments. For instance, if all the poles are owned by traditional ISPs and there is no regulation mandating they grant access, Google is locked out. Ditto for apartment buildings without any law mandating they allow new ISPs to string wired inside "their" walls. Ease of doing or setting up a business is not always proportional to the number of laws on the books. If it were, there would be no need for antitrust rules. (My original comment was a take on the assumption that there is a tide of hipsters chasing Google fibre around the country.) Toronto? Not Trono? Ick, a third overlapping term. I would call purely quant funds a form of indexed funds in that they follow a specific set of rules. Those rules are whatever procedure, computer program, or other non-human algorithm is used to pick investments. Whether or not a quant fund is passive investment is semantics imho. I wouldn't call spending hours/days/weeks examining a quant funds system a passive activity. And investors can move in and out of funds quickly these days. On the other hand many see passivity wherever investors or fund managers put buy/sell decisions in the hands of non-humans. I wouldn’t use the phase "attempt to build the bomb". I wouldn't even call this an effort. I would label this as discussion or thought experiments. Drawing up a few blueprints for a centrifuge is no more an attempt to build a bomb than Project Daeidalus was an "attempt" to travel to another star. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Daedalus . The amount of effort necessary to build bombs during the 40s was ridiculous. Japan didn't have the industrial power. And I mean literal power as the manhatten project's Oak Ridge facility used something like 1/8th of US electricity at the time. "Electric energy consumption, courtesy of the TVA, was 20 percent higher than that of New York City. Oak Ridge used one-seventh of all the electricity produced in the United States" http://www.u-s-history.com/pages/h1652.html (not the best source, but reasonable given the context.) I'm all for discussion of ALL history but to bring forward claims that Japan was trying to build a bomb so close to the anniversary of its use against Japan smacks of guilt-motivated justification. Japan's "bomb" program was of absolutely no threat to allied forces and therefore should not be part of any debate over the use of nuclear weapons against Japan. If anything, a Japanese bomb program would have sucked up resources from other war efforts. More accurate headline: "SEC Adopts CEO Pay Ratio Rule, Five Years After It Became Law" "Today's vote comes five years after Congress approved the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which includes the pay ratio rule. The vote also comes nearly two years after the SEC formally proposed the requirement." http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/08/05/429628037/... (1) Research centrifuges for separating isotopes and a plant capable of creating enough for a bomb are different beasts. The former gives you the knowledge to understand the scope of the later. (2) I don't attack only the article itself, but also its timing in relation to the anniversary. Americans are questioning the actions of their fathers and grandfathers re Japan and WWII. Any opinionated or politicized articles appearing now must be judged in that context. (3) The article ends with the quote "If we'd built the bomb first, of course we would have used it. I'm glad, in some ways, that our facilities were destroyed." That quote is meant to leave the reader with the concept that Japan would have done the same as the US had the situation been reversed. Even more so, it suggests that at least one person in Japan welcomed the bombings. Those are justification arguments that, given the enormity of the context and timing, should be strictly scrutinized. I read somewhere that after being captured by the allies some german physicists were recorded speaking in disbelief about the bomb. They were under the impression that any bomb would have needed many many times as much enriched uranium (think tons) resulting in weapons too big for aircraft. That was an indication they hadn't done much criticality research with enriched material. I would argue that plutonium breeding is only obvious after you have performed some criticality experiments with an appreciable-sized block of enriched uranium. This was new physics at the time, without computer simulations. Bomb theory, critical mass, could only be understood after you get your hands on some enriched uranium. Yes. Any new articles at this time, particularly ones brining forward new or rarely-seen evidence should be put under a magnifying glass. The use of nukes by the US against japan is a backdrop against which all US military decisions are made today. Not all, only where authors so openly insert modern political views into historical situations. If this were a more detached examination of the Japanese bomb program then I probably would welcome the new information. >History and science would all grind to a halt if the first thing people would do to every article and paper is to check for political leanings. Yes. Given the scope of what's available today re WWII, everything beyond primary sources should be investigated. Nothing should be taken as fact simply because it is written down. If you start accepting facts simply because they are in some online article, you are down the road to the belief that lizard people run the world. Every author's background and political goals are relevant where they inject opinion atop original research. Benefits are all well and good, I'd just prefer the large tech employers work to employ more people rather than provide more to those that already have jobs. When these people are out on mat leave are they to be replaced by perma-temps on zero-hour contracts? There is also something to be said for pay over benefits. Pay is of equal value to all employees. Benefits like leave and 401ks are only valuable to some and can, if dominant over pay, lead to employers having undue influence over the lives of employees. I would add that the "Secret law" also encompasses the private deals struck between various organizations that have the full force and effect of law. For instance, I am often asked about the standards for DMCA takedowns and monitoring of content. I cannot turn to laws and cases. I have to glean information from patterns of activity. Youtube does X, and the MPAA aren't screaming mad about Youtube these days, so perhaps we also need to do X. Or, megaupload was doing X Y and Z. But a dozen other website were doing X and Y without a peep from US authorities. So I guess Z is the touchstone even though Z isn't mentioned anywhere in any law or case and wasn't even around when the laws were written. Perhaps attendees there as spies now outnumber actual enthusiasts. Perhaps they can now spy on each other and leave the rest of us alone. My advice goes one step further: Don't do user generated content without an ejection plan, a means to extract all the money and shut the doors instantly should you catch the eye of the mpaa or their ilk. Really? Is the need to get out and hook up the hose yourself really what's holding back electric cars? There is certainly a cool factor with this thing, but think about how it will work at a real fuel/charging station. The driver will only ever see it in a mirror. And it looks like the range of motion is very limited, requiring the plug to be within a 30x30cm box. A later model will probably have a greater range of motion but I cannot see that be any less cumbersome. Give me a wire and a plug. But maybe Tesla has done some market research. Maybe their target market is old people for whom getting out of the car is a real struggle. Maybe they fear large electrical cables more than rubber ones filled with gasoline. Or maybe they so distrust attendants that they prefer a mechanical octopus fuel their precious car ... until it misses the mark and does some actual damage to the paint. So it will seek out and plug in without driver input? I guess that would only work if they are in everyone's garage. Isn't there a smartphone ap that can remind owners if they part at home without connecting? That's how we end up with inflatable bbqs. This really looks like a rich person's toy, of no practical use. Many people have talked over the years about self-driving cars dropping people off and heading home. That sounds great in terms of the number of parking spots, and might make sense in cities where parking costs more than rent, but I cannot see how doubling the number of trips can reduce traffic congestion. The far simpler solution would be to install simple (ie cheap) chargers at each parking spot. Fyi (and don't take this as legal advice) such separation is a really good idea in terms of PII/PCI compliance. It is refreshing to see an article willing to speak about conflicting survivor accounts. Whether it's the holocaust, 9/11, Rwanda, or the killing fields, there is a tendency to treat every account as sacrosanct. Conflicting stories then become ammo for those looking to deny and discredit events. But open discussion and even speculation can increase confidence in a narrative. Apparently conflicting accounts often dovetail into each other, but to get to that point you have to be willing to criticize. Another bad day for Microsoft. Another good day for linux. A very interesting concept. I like the sea but hate cruising. For me, a cruise is basically a hotel pushed into international waters (or some other legal fiction) for purposes of cheap labour. But a freighter seems a different matter. I'm not saying that they pay people well, but at least taking care of me won't be their primary job. A freighter has a job, it has a purpose for going somewhere beyond labour laws. And I'd bet good money there is far less risk of norovirus on an freighter than on the floating retirement communities that are modern cruising. Nope. I mean desktop linux. Every time MS, or Apple, launch a new OS with silly fine print and non-removable malware I get people asking about linux. Actually, silly ToS language and spyware don't really matter. The entire update/versioning process with MS is so painful that distros like ubuntu start to seem the easier option. A very good response to Win10s inclusion of closed-source, proprietary, non-removable, everything-is-uploaded, "just trust us", spyware. Ubuntu isn't perfect, but it's far more trustworthy than anything MS has put out in recent decades. Law Students at a proper Law School /= "University Students" Law students are both sensitive and not. I remember many times students crying while we discussed cases of rape, child murder and domestic violence. As one prof pointed out: "We have over 100 people in the room. Statistically speaking we must have many rape victims, and more than a few perpetrators." Students cried, but they certainly did not suggest that topics not be taught. Students at professional schools (law/medicine etc) have committed to a profession with a known body of knowledge developed over hundreds, arguably thousands of years. They would not want that very expensive education to be curtailed for the very modern concept that is political correctness. I graduated 10+ years ago. The first tears I remember appeared in the first couple crimlaw lectures. I won't go into the facts, but it was a discussion of Keeler (2 Cal.3d 619) that ramped up the emotions for some. Take any law class. A hundred adults in their mid twenties in one room. That's fifty females. Chances are that at least one of them is pregnant, probably more than one. And there are plenty of parents of both genders. Nobody thinks less of them for being a little more emotional than the norm when forced to addresses certain cases. Nor would they expect the curriculum to be altered. After one assignment that involving stadiums, there was an unwritten rule at my school that exams would not rely on students knowing anything about american baseball teams. I do not think the pressure comes directly from the need for higher grades. I think it come from how those grades are created. I my academic history (highschool, undergrad, law school, now teaching) I only felt real stress where grades were incremental. Take my civpro class. We had an assignment after only three lectures, an assignment worth 5% of our grade. I had barely wrapped my head around law school and already my final grade, my scholarship, was on the line. I did poorly on that assignment, immediately chopping a few points off my final grade. On the other hand my crimlaw class had no assignments, just a big exam at the end. That class allowed me the time to figure things out and was much less stressful. The highschool kids I talk to today are in a constant panic. ((That's how I see it. For them it's just normal.)) Grades are ridiculously high, with class averages well north of 90%. So every test, every graded assignment, requires the focus of a final exam. They cannot afford diversion or outside learning. Each week is prep for the next test and each of those tests directly impacts their grade. Have a bad week, or even a bad afternoon, and it might stick with you for years. They don't dare read anything that isn't assigned for fear of not aligning with the teacher's "learning plan". If it didn't come from teacher it isn't on next week's test and is therefore useless. Imho this constant "exam mode" is the real source of stress. So drop the microtests. Give them the one big exam and let them relax and learn at their own pace the rest of the time. I certainly remember many students with that view. After first year they started carefully arranging courses and boasted about how they would never have to write another exam ... until the bar. I think I had a final for every course but LRW and a bioethics class. There are things that can be done within exams to counter those issues. For instance, the exams I set are heavily scaled. There may be 200 points available to be earned across 15 short essay questions. The raw scores generally fall between 45-90, which I then scale to set an acceptable average. So you can bomb or even skip questions and still be top of the class. Not much can be done if a student is sick on the day, but I would argue that multiple tests on multiple days only increases the likelihood of sickness during at least one test. Why does that diver have a gun? NYPD detective John Drzal looks like an idiot carrying a AR-15, without any apparent waterproofing, while wearing flippers and a dry suit. He is also using scuba, not a rebreather, so any potential target will see/hear him coming miles away. And is that a scope on that rifle? What possible scenario would require a police officer to carry an automatic weapon while scuba diving? Really. What job is he going to do? Hostage rescue, underwater? Or is he going to run out of the water rambo-style to arrest underage drinkers at the beach ... with a scuba tank on his back ... in flippers. (1) That's a lot of work for the prof. (2) Grade inflation is part of the problem. I don't see how taking only the higher grades helps this. Oh look. Another wealthy person lecturing on the wisdom he has learned through wealth, that wealth is secondary to happiness and should be avoided. For the rest of us, lack of money is the root of most stress. Those with dependants cannot simply remove them from our lives (where is this guys wife now?). Our lives are not diminished by opportunities lost because we spent too much time at the office. They are diminished because we don't have enough money to pay the bills --> because we are not able to spend time at the office --> underemployment. I actually believe the 10% reference. But I also believe that he isn't being honest about where it is from. I smell a spendthrift trust or investment property that his is milking (ie taking rents but not paying the mortgage.) If this sounds like a rant, it is. I'm spending all day doing RSA submissions. I do this to chase business/clients/pad my resume. It's yet more time spent chasing work rather than actually doing the work. Welcome to the gig economy. I actually saved up a small pile before law school. With a scholarship I graduated without student loans. I have no dependants and that was a choice by me. But I have had many clients for whom having children wasn't much of a choice. Even if it were, circumstances change and they cannot be cut away like an underwater mortgage. Wait a second. Aren't there actually two different pentagon shapes in use here? Look at the yellow and blue in the OP. They are actually mirror images of each other. Maybe a mathematician would say they are the same, but certainly not someone cutting tile for a bathroom floor. And if these were proteins trying to form a cell wall, that mirroring would be a serious hurdle. Ah. You learn something every day. I guess the guardian was therefore incorrect in their definition and should have said "congruent copies" ... but "copies" is also probably wrong. Congruent congruencies? >"If you can cover a flat surface using only identical copies of the same shape leaving neither gaps nor overlaps, then that shape is said to tile the plane." From my lay knowledge of space travel, they seem to have lots of other issues to address before, as the OP puts it, "structures will be produced in space that are much larger than what could currently fit into a launch fairing". Top of my list would be tidal forces in low orbit. It's microgravity, not zero gravity. If you extrude out a long structure it is going to bend ever so slightly. So you need either a brace (an existing big structure) or some sort of laser measurement to adjust the build process to compensate. >>>"In a vacuum there is no air to affect heat radiation" Shouldn't that be convection? Heat loss through radiation should be somewhat the same in a vacuum. Russia still does conscription. So all, well at least all MALE young people, do listen to propaganda and prepare for WW3. They do not have a choice. Does this in any way compare to the halifax explosion? Maybe a new record for accidental explosions? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halifax_Explosion Is mirroring also allowed when 'filling' a 3d space? (1) Those nasty things inside car batteries are easily recycled and in fact are recycled more often than not (like 95%+) (2) Car batteries do not last only 3-4 years as per the OP. Car batteries can last decades. There are many variables, but the car in my battery is far older than 4 years. (lol) (3) Replacing an easily-recyclable product with a less-recyclable one is no step forwards. (4) XX addressed by OP comment, see below XX This thing is a capacitor? What's the voltage potential in there? Any device with internals significantly beyond that may be a serious fire risk in a crash.. (5) Car batteries are not needlessly heavy, nor are they a stock size. Manufacturers do care about performance. If they thought the car could do with lighter battery they would use one. Have some respect for the thought behind stock engineering before replacing it. (6) Shutting down the voltage supply can be a real pain. A "dead" battery generally still has enough juice to keep electronics ticking over. Cutting it completely is not like turning off a switch. It often means resetting/rebooting stuff once the voltage is restored. For some (BMW) it can even mean a trip to the dealership for a special new battery ritual. http://www.bimmerforums.com/forum/showthread.php?1355106-Why... I was thinking about the internals. They might have components with higher potentials that are then regulated down to 12v. In a crash, those could be a source of high-voltage shorts that might be a source of ignition. Glad to see you are on top of the voltage/fire thing. But I still see these things as non-recyclable in comparison to industry-standard lead-acid batteries. I can drop my current battery off at any number of garages without issue. Once this new device inevitably breaks down (anything under a hood will eventually) it seems like just more e-waste. You might want to add language re battery orientation. It looks like your device doesn't care about up and down. That's a big deal for car people. They pay extra for a 'dry' battery that can be mounted in weird places and angles. And mention venting or lack thereof. That's another sticking point for people shopping for aftermarket batteries. Also, vibration testing if you have done any. Custom cars and offroad machines shake. Nobody wants a battery with internals that look like they might break loose. If you really want to sell a premium battery, create a motorcycle model. Sportbike owners are really into weight reductions and eat through batteries. It might as simple as a smaller plastic shell. No it did not. Read the WHO report. Any reference to chernobyl being "Uninhabitable" is more nuclear politics than scientific reality. Biking is fine if you are a prof at a college campus, or the boss of some hip startup, but I cannot arrive at work sweating through a horribly wrinkled suit. We don't have showers. I have yet to meet anyone who has communized by bike in my city (Vancouver BC) for more than a few years without a major altercation with a motorvehicle. It might be healthy, but it is also physically dangerous. I wonder if the different types of glass we use today would reduce that number. My new word for the day is "enucleation". For the love dogs do not look that one up on youtube. Neither. Other than a very few hot site, most all of the evacuated land is perfectly livable. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_no-threshold_model Is this all capitalization, or just publicly-traded companies? I suspect there is plenty of capitalization in china that isn't properly represented as it is not publicly traded. > I hope this marks a return of an innovative and competitive LucasArts. I don't see this as innovation. It's simply a continuation of the path towards higher and higher levels of eyecandy. Unless they put one in my living room, I cannot see this bringing any fundamental changes. I'd much rather them do some more cutting-edge writing, new ideas and concepts to make a game enjoyable beyond the demo. I want Tie Fighter + WingCommander:Privateer + Eve Online. I couldn't care less about realistic facial renderings. (Yes, I am aware of star citizen, but atm I am ready to drink that koolaid.) Except that most of the military do not walk around with fingers on triggers all day. That's a very small group of front-line combat people. Half the military rarely pick up a weapon. The air force, most all of the navy, most everyone in intel ... they aren't raiding desert compounds every night. I'm betting that a US base (in the US) probably has few guns per person than a typical US neighborhood. It might be counterintuitive, but I find MPs (military police) generally much more friendly and calm that the average civilian cop. Someone thought that apes couldn't control their breathing well enough to vocalize? Really? All mammals have pretty advanced control over their airways, otherwise we would be constantly inhaling nasty things. Carnivores need control to sniff (see wolves) and herbivores need to hold their breath to be quiet enough to hear the wolves (see deer). I'm about ready to say that all animal and human science from the 30s through the 50s should be tossed. From all birds mating for life, belly-dragging dinos, to apes that cannot hold their breath ... were they just making stuff up? Win a drought? This isn't chess. The wording should be 'survive', cope with or even struggle through. (Take that nature!) There is no winning. I was in California six months ago and was taken aback by the lack of worry. Nobody seemed to be doing anything. The lawns and fields were green, the backyard pools all full and people were washing cars like normal. I would argue that keeping things out of our airways is a little more advanced than just holding one's breath. Coughing up junk or dealing with water/swimming are common to mammals. Even swallowing requires coordination of the various parts beyond simply not breathing. I read a few years ago about a machine to allow paralyzed/comatose people to cough properly as this hugely reduces throat infections. 40+ million rain catchers (ie buckets attached to downspouts) would be a great start. I live in a far wetter city (vancouver) and loads of people are installing rainwater storage to ease the load during the summer. I think only a believer would get so physically close to such an animal. She isn't a person, nor a pet. I can understand her keepers not wanting unfamiliar people around if they might upset her. Or she, like humans, may not display the same behavior around strangers. Don't be shocked yet. I think it is safe to say that they do not have a full tally, nor have authorities any desire to publish such numbers until they have a literal body count. Be careful about the victimless label. Just because an individual action does not cause harm does not mean that it should not be punished as if it had. The act is the same. Whether or not someone is physically injured is largely a matter of luck. It would be horrific if punishments were handed out on that basis alone. A long time ago I read a statement from a judge sentencing two defendants for felony murder. They both shot and a man was dead, but there was a debate as to which bullet actually killed. "The only difference between the two was aim, and I am not going to let one off for being the poorer shot." The more appropriate word for such laws are "regulatory crimes". They are meant to regulate behavior to prevent or reduce an evil that does not occur in all cases. This covers everything from practicing medicine without a license to drug possession, neither of which necessarily cause a physical harm in every case. There are a couple of lawyers on this thread and, I suspect, also a few law students. Law is not all books. There is something physical about law school. It may not be as physical as med school, but the three-year process of getting the JD is more than a pile of textbooks. Interaction with students and professors, structured or not, is as important as the reading. It changes people. By third year you realize exactly how vast the practice is and no longer focus on the gritty aspects of constitutional debate. At some level punishments based on outcome are a practical necessity. We cannot lock up everyone who takes their eyes off the road and causes a minor accident. Even though we know the did everything necessary to cause catastrophic injury, we let them off. It's a balance between the modern concept of punishments based on state of mind and actions, and the oldschool concept of an eye for an eye, punishment based on outcome. I would disagree with the second sentence. I give more weight to a lawyer in regards to the law and politics. As lawyers they have put thousands of hours into studying these types of issues. I respect his/her opinion more in the same way I would respect any doctor's opinion on biological matters. Attention? Neuroscience? Talk about overthinking a problem. I lost respect for the article when it didn't use the word "noise" even once. There is a little bone/muscle combination in your ear (??Tensor Timpany??) that acts as a gain control. While you drive, the background road noise causes your ear to reduce its gain. This makes all noises seem less and protects your ear. Then when you stop/park the road noise is gone, the muscles relax, and the music now seems louder. So you turn the volume down because it is uncomfortably loud for you, not due to any sociological or neurological factors. This is why you need to turn the volume up in a convertible. It is also why people sing louder in the shower because, to them near the white noise of the water, they don't seem as loud. And this process causes stress onboard planes or other constantly-loud environments. That little muscle in your ear gets tired. Stress around loud noises is partially a physical rather than purely psychological stress. Is nasa doing this stuff in-house? I've never thought of nasa as experts on software beyond control systems. Have they brought in some gaming people to help with media relations? (1) Lawyer. Clients. Blackmail. Panic. Strategy. (2) Passwords+usernames repeated across websites (see adobe leak) Just One. The US has the greatest control over apple. From the US is it shared with the five eyes. GCHQ's oldboys network then passes it on to basically any European who asks, while one of the thousands entry-level "analysts" at the many US intel agencies passes it on to the Chinese. Then the next snowden leaks it to the guardian and every other paper still alive, half of which are under surveillance by various police groups. So within a week the only people who cannot read this text are 50% of us who aren't government employees. One keyring to rule them all. The OP talks of fewer kids having licenses. That has little to do with smartphones and technology. Beyond the increased costs, operating a car today is more emotionally expensive than ever. Driving is now a rationally terrifying experience for kids. 1) Traffic fines are no longer trivial. Beyond the money, if a teen is part of any graduated licensing program ANY ticket may delay them getting their full license many months. 2) Parking is dangerous. Wrong place or wrong time doesn't mean a simple ticket. Your car may be disappeared to some distant impound lot. The ransom demanded will likely be more than the vehicle's worth (at least given the junkers I had as a teenager). 3) Police encounters. The most likely place for a teen to interact negatively with an officer is during a "routine" traffic stop. Turn on the news. A minor incident can quickly spiral into days or weeks in jail. 4) Teenagers now fear failure above all else. A test failed is far worse than a test not taken. Teenagers are adverse to any test that isn't absolutely necessary. (See many threads here). So they avoid the DMV. 5) Cars increase mobility, but have you seen the streets in most cities? Gridlock makes people feel trapped. For a child in today's world of apparently constant violence, being stuck on a city street is scary. Whereas you or I might see a simple frustration, kids today see physical danger. Teenagers have plenty of reasons to avoid driving. It isn't because they once needed to physically move in order to communicate. It's because they have good reason to fear the road. Glad to see that this guy doesn't appear to be politically connected. So many astros are that I had assumed anyone taken into the program so late in their career would be related to a senator or three. It's nice to be proven wrong. But I remain under the impression that astro selection is very political. I think the astronauts are more patients than doctors. They are test subjects. Every move in space is carefully planned by committees on the ground. No doubt it is a demanding job requiring all sorts of skills, but it isn't the same as a surgeon. Absent some worst case scenarios, responsibility and decision making is far more shared. Training and responsibility are different concepts. The American dream is like the pony express. It was the product of a great many particular circumstances. It did once exist, for a handful of people in a few chosen places, but disappeared before anyone realized. It's a romantic ideal more important as fiction than practical reality. It is something to be talked about, not something that ever actually happens. So it is no more dead today than ever because it wasn't never really alive in the first place. For starters ... all who want to westpoint. To go to the point you need a recommendation from either sitting congressmen/senator, or a "career" officer of note in the US armed forces. Westpoint is not open to just anyone with the grades. You very literally have to know people in high places. http://www.usma.edu/admissions/sitepages/apply_nominations.a... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_astronauts_educated_at... (That's just the easiest to research. If you dig into most astronaut's backgrounds you can find prominent people who helped them along.) >> Though English-speaking Canadians remain loyal to the Queen, they aren’t truly interested in being British or sounding British; they’re just interested in using the British connection to assert their independence from the independent United States, which they left because they didn’t want to leave. What horrible highschool textbook is this from? When did Canada separate from the US? And to say english Canadians are "loyal" to the queen, and by necessary implication that french-canadians are not, is downright silly. The queen is a total irrelevance in Canada. Canada does not take from Britain in some sort of protest against American culture. American culture IS canadian. Music, television, film, comedy ... canadians are everywhere in the US entertainment industry. But look to the UK, to the BBC, and you won't find any. >> ...poutine, Nanaimo bars, and butter tarts for three of Canada’s great culinary gifts to the world if the world would but accept them WTF? Maple syrup doesn't make the list? What other country has a strategic syrup reserve. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/a-look-inside-q... "...surfing boats with handmade sails." ?? I've read about this many times before. They were using windsurfers and were part of a local windsurfing club. Germans say "Windsurfbrett", literally wind-surf-board. I don't know where the author got the boats language. It's more than semantics. Boats are something you sit 'in' rather than 'on' a board and that makes a big difference in cold water. Story + interviews (in german) + pics showing gear. http://cdn2.surfertoday.com/windsurfing/11355-the-greatest-w... Fyi. The big stealth advantage of a windsurfer is that, with the sail flat on the water, the entire craft is only a couple inches high. In any waves you cannot see them until you are right on top. Hard for search and rescue, but excellent if you want to hide until the cops move away. They have been used for smuggling. Roots? The reasons behind the design have all fallen by the wayside. The need to keep weight over the rear tires to increase traction was killed off long ago by increases in tire performance and the development of limited-slip differentials. Design and market changes have rendered the once functional shape purely aesthetic. Today's cars are neither fuel-efficient nor speed daemons. And the engines are water-cooled. So the aerodynamic shape has lost it's function. If it is holding true to its mechanical roots, those roots are long dead. So what's left? From a mechanical point of view it is a rear-engine car fighting to become mid-engined without admitting the change. The shape's only function is aesthetic. Anyone claiming its shape or design layout is mechanically relevant comes off like those poodle owners who insist the silly haircuts are to keep the dog warm while swimming. If you like the look then you like the look. Don't try to justify your taste with engineering gobbledygook. Native advertising, or just a couple people in the office who own Porches and really like the cars. Bias can be internal. They are nice cars. Mechanically ridiculous imho, but lots of people just like them. Some of those people write about it. An air-cooled engine willing to run at much hotter temperatures doesn't need, cannot use, a big drag-creating radiator at the front of the car. But once you put the engine in the back, there are all manner of advantages. You can get rid of the driveshaft (weight) lower the hood (visibility) and be more creative with shape (aero). For Porsche it was all about reducing drag. The original even had covered wheels. http://buildraceparty.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Porsche... If you want to get all definitional, then one might say the porsche/VW were also liquid-cooled. They had oil which did move some heat around. So the line is really whether or not the engine has a separate cooling loop, usually filled with water. There are a couple different temperatures to speak of. There is the overall engine temp, which may well be very similar to a modern engine. But there is also the temperature of the cylinder walls deep inside. An air-cooled engine relies on metal to conduct heat away from the heart of the engine. A water-cooled engine puts a pipe of cold water right alongside the cylinders to physically move heat away. So the internals of an air-cooled engine go through a much wider temperature range during normal operation. With differential metals that means gaps... gaps between the cylinder wall and the piston. That in turn means increased wear and emission-related problems. An air-cooled engine is willing to suffer these issues for the advantage of decreased weight and complexity. An air-cooled engine not willing to suffer this internal heating would be a very slow and heavy engine. Having a hotter cylinder wall can also impact choice of fuels (need higher octane) and compression ratios (need less) as the hot walls might ignite things before the spark. Except for those engines that don't use oil. (Think toy airplanes.) And oil coolers are also found in some water-cooled engines. My old bike (2000 Honda VFR800) used both water and oil-filled radiators. The OP assumes many things about 'turning it off and on again'. Firstly it assumes that turning something off and restarting will bring it back to some default state. That isn't always true, especially for computers. Say some new code has been injected. Restarting, going through the motion of boot and login, may allow that code to do something (harvest logic creds) that it otherwise might not. And the OP assumes that once 'off' has been achieved that "on" is always a possibility. Forget the car. Think airplane that has lost instruments, but the engines are still working. Turning things off might move you from bad to worse. Maybe you stick with the partially-working machine rather than risk bricking things. Amongst 911 owners the 'purists' are those driving machines that do not have room for golf clubs. Any golf-capable Porsche is a compromised vehicle unsuited to the name. Chernobyl started with them 'power cycling' the reactor, an on-off-on test for a backup system. It did not go well. That is the american experience. In the US racism is often defined as oppression of one race by another. There must be a power differential. Taken to the extreme, this allows groups like the KKK to state that they are not racist if they only seek separation rather than oppression. On the flip side, many black americans believe that black people cannot ever be racist because, as an oppressed minority, they lack the necessary power. Both views are extremist nonsense imho but are not uncommon in the US. Some of this can be seen in US political speech. If you first ascribe power to a group then you may attack them without being "racist". The talking heads speak openly about the black/white/latino vote because as voters they are not "oppressed". Statements about such groups are therefore not racist. But you won't see a Canadian newscaster talk of such things. (At least not on a canadian channel. Half of CNN is canadian these days.) Most of the developed world sees racism as the attitude that races should be treated differently even if under the guise of equality. Japan has issues that while unique to Japan are not more substantial than those faced in many western nations. 30 million people. How many suicides would be normal on a given day anyway? A few have probably dropped dead of heart attacks and strokes too. They are probably worse. AM users were predominantly male, which I believe increases the likelihood of suicide. "Very sophisticated" simply means the responding officers didn't immediately understand the attack. That isn't a very high bar imho. I think it has more to do with the method than the act. Men are more likely to have guns, which work very well. Women are less likely to have access to guns and so survive more suicide attempts (pills, jumping off things etc). Same for the military. The 'success rate' for military suicides is higher partially because of ready access to the means. Lol. I read the headline as 'diets cause cancer', that 'cures' for diets were causing cancer in young people. I expected something about diet pills. There is a great Perry Cox speech out there about a patient eating red peppers to cure cancer. Found it... "Dr. Cox: And now I have to take your laptop from you, as I've deemed you just too darn stupid to use it. You see, those bell peppers that you're munching, they aren't gonna do a truckload of jack against the cancer raging inside of your body. Of course, I've only been a doctor for some twenty years, and the person who wrote that Wikipedia entry also authored the Battlestar Galactica episode guide, so what the heck do I know? But if you feel like living, page me." It's missing rather a big one. "Mist" means something very different in german. My point: Is this connected to dictionaries or is it all crowdsourced data? http://www.dict.cc/german-english/Mist.html Mist {m} [ugs.] crap [vulg.] rubbish [esp. Br.] [nonsense] bullshit [vulg.] tripe [coll.] garbage [fig.] bull [derived from bullshit] [Am.] [vulg.] Man, don't put "dumb" anywhere near "retarded". I don't want another literal user for a word (retarded=delayed, dumb=mute) to disappear in the name of political correctness. To quote from TGOTG: "This dumb tree, he is my friend." Groot is dumb because his is effectively a mute. Drax was not commenting in any way on his intelligence. This sort of course isn't for medical school. Maybe undergrad, but to-be doctors have enough on their plate without focusing on the blank areas of scientific knowledge. Once you at a professional school the time for fostering curiosity is long gone. If you;ve dedicated much of your life to a subject then you are already curious. I hesitate to say such a course could be useful at the highschool level. It would certainly encourage independent leaning and humble many subjects. But it would also become political. It's a fine line between teaching the limits of biological knowledge and preaching intelligent design. Li7 + H1 → Be8 → 2He4 + 17.3 MeV, Cold fusion? I'll believe it when I see it. The fact that a patent has been granted is no statement that the technology works or is in an way practical. See http://patentimages.storage.googleapis.com/pages/US3345646-0... Right and wrong is also a subject of opinion. Even the story in the OP is based on some real lawbreaking. We might all agree that these traffic stops go way to far, but they often do start with legitimate infractions (no insurance etc). Perhaps the better answer is to change these petty laws, or amalgamate them into something less difficult to obey. Frankly, the american approach of license+registration+insurance on three separate plans with three separate expiry dates is a minefield. Lawyers can argue about the stop, but it happened. They happen all the time. The cop might not have had probable cause, he stopped the car for no better reason than he wanted to, but that isn't the cause of all the difficulties. It hit the fan when the cop starts running the paperwork. "When Godwin ran Parker’s license, the computer said it was suspended. He also said the registration card was expired." That's the root problem, not the stop. There was, from the cops perspective, a real infraction here. So rather than debate the constitutionality of the stop, we should address the overly-complex system that resulted in this perceived infraction. If the computer was wrong, fix the machine. If the paperwork was actually expired, why are they still using paper? If we don't want cops issuing onerous citations for these things, change the laws so they cannot. We should not patch over bad laws by simply not enforcing them. In many jurisdictions (ie mine) the entire stop would have been perfectly legal. We display out registration/insurance details on a license plates. So cops are perfectly justified in pulling cars over with expired registration/insurance/plates. They need not speculate. They cannot claim suspicion or the need to check paperwork when the plate shows validity. And and driver stepping into a car can see on the plate whether everything is correct. Every cop should be able to lookup a plate and check all the paperwork prior to pulling anyone over. A review? Umpteen billion lines of code, vast new features, privacy issues, tens of thousands of man hours ... and this "reviewer" cannot get past the GUI. Forgetting the accuracy of the OP, I cannot be the only one who doesn't care in the least that adblockers slow load times. Between my ISP's shoddy service, the popups and distracting animations adblockers stop, the net effect is a faster overall experience. A few seconds on page load is a fair price to pay for the increased privacy and security. I have no sympathy whatsoever. He still owes on loans taken to purchase medallions. If things get a little worse this lowlife is surely going to walk away from those loans. If I were uber I'd offer to buy them for the pennies they may soon be worth. >>After breakfast, Freidman walks two blocks east to his temporary digs at Trump Park Avenue on 59th Street. (Sandra is occupying the $4.8 million master residence six blocks north.) After he retrieves a Chihuahua named Harry from upstairs—he signs his e-mails “Yes I Am a Dog Lover” or “adopt-a-pet.com”—the plan is to hop into his Ferrari and zip over to one of his several garages in Queens. Not that he wants that written: “Honestly, I would love the piece not to be about ‘We had breakfast at Cipriani, then we walked over to his Park Avenue apartment, then we got into his Ferrari.’ This pic says more than the article ever could: http://www.bloomberg.com/features/2015-taxi-medallion-king/i... Lol. This reminds me of communizing on my motorcycle in the rain (vfr800). Whenever I lay flat on the tank to avoid the rain a bit every human-driven car thought I was about to rocket past them. I wonder if a similar thing could happen with a motocycle. Someone on a sportbike can strike a much more speed-like pose than someone on a bicycle. Perhaps a motocycle looking like it was speeding into the intersection could convince the robot to panic break? Maybe autodrive cars, but I certainly do not want to see driverless cars. I want meat onboard. Licensed meat. Someone to get the tickets. Someone to sue when the robot does something stupid. Someone with a foot on the hydraulic braking system and mechanical steering for when the electrics fail. I have yet to see a production car that doesn't have manual brakes, either hydraulic in the case of master-slave cylinders or mechanical in the form of parking/emergency brakes, that can be engaged without electricity. There might actually be a rule about that, else parked cars could start drifting away if their batteries run down. The meat is the last hope for when the machines fail. And they do fail. For below: I totally agree that autopilots can be distracting. The same was said of cruise control and even automatic transmissions. We adapt. The chances of those drones flattening me and my motorcycle are extremely slim. Really? How can a cop issue a google-powered car with a ticket for reckless driving? Are cops now to submit bug reports when they see cars making mistakes or misreading signs? They can churn out the tickets, but the likelihood of a ticket altering the machines behavior is very slim. Now if a person is in the car, they can learn where the software falls down and adapt accordingly. If the robot doesn't spot the new speed limit sign, the human can. I'm still waiting to see how these google-cars manage with hand gestures, people directing traffic. Just today I was waved through a red light by a volunteer firefighter not in any sort of uniform. But is there a model that, if you disconnect the battery, has no brakes? The few electronic parking brakes I've seen fail into the on position, much like truck trailers and or traincars. They lock if they loose voltage/pressure from the controlling system. And even those cars had master cylinders under the pedal. Except that in many ways a motocycle is no different than a bicycle, wheelchair, pedestrian, moped, horse+rider, or anyone else not wrapped in steal. Cars must share the road with non-cars. That sounds like a decision made long after becoming homeless. I seriously doubt may people who have homes decide to abandon the lifestyle and take to the streets. I don't think the pilot makes that decision. They push the button according to essentially a decision flowchart. Their decision is based on evidence gathered by others, wanted lists drawn up by politicians, standards written by committees, and orders from commanders. They do not see the guy's face in the truck and match it to a wanted poster. (Even in than scenario the decision is partially made by the person who created the poster.) The pilot/operator may decide the exact moment the ordinance is released, but he is not the person making the decision to kill. That is a very shared responsibility. I see the momentum but question its direction. Why not start with driverless freight trains? That would seem a far more controlled environment and some cities (Vancouver, DisneyWorld) have been doing it with passengers for years. Then self-driving planes. They already have autopilots. When I see people lining up to board a pilotless 747 then I'll start trusting driverless cars to not flatten me from behind as I sit on my bike helpless at a red light. Porn /= "Sex Work" Porn stars are not prostitutes. Getting paid for sex on camera is not the same as getting paid by johns any more than acting in a romantic film constitutes being an escort. The porn industry can be horrific on young girls, but it is an industry with some experience. These amateurs going it on their own could learn a thing or two from the pros. There are standards of behavior, codes of conduct, that while not universal do exist for a reason. Top of the list: Don't sign anything without a lawyer to explain copyright and contract law. Many girls never get paid what they were told they would. At least phone the nearest lawschool and ask about any free legal clinics. Other top of list: Never go to any shoot, casting call or interview alone. Bring someone sober and with their own vehicle. (1) The former is a business transaction protected by the legal system. The later is usually a crime. (2) A transaction for sex with a john takes place in private, alone, often at night and sometimes anonymously. A porn shoot is surrounded by people, all of whom are being paid to be there. It's their work. For below: The dangers and interests of sex workers, prostitutes, are altogether different than those of porn stars. They face very different workplace environments and legal protections. The commonality of a single act, a rather small part of the job, does not equate the two. Because much "porn" doesn't involve any actual sex. See Playboy. Many of these amateur webcam girls aren't even in the same room as anyone else. Not everyone gets to choose their partners in porn. It is true that females do have some say in terms of the male stars, but this is work. Reject too many people and you will be considered difficult to work with and won't be called back. There are a couple "sell us your sextape" websites. I was involved in a couple copyright actions against one. Free legal advice: Don't take footage of known porn star, crank down the resolution/quality, and try to pass it off as your own sextape. And if you are in the biz of buying such tapes, do some research before sending the check. The guy did grab a bunch of documents and flee the country. He may have been doing the right thing but I cannot find fault in US authorities trying to get him back in the immediate aftermath of the leak. It is not for law enforcement or junior diplomats to decide these matters. Someone running with documents is always to be stopped. Pardoning is a matter for the executive rather than agencies or the diplomatic corps. Any security checklist should start with a description both how the machine is to be used and the expected threats models. There are plenty of things in this list that I disagree with, but only because I am looking at different security needs. For instance: I see no mention of Tor or VPNs. So this workstation isn't concerned with APT-style threats, or anyone else with the ability to manipulate network connections at a high level. And my quick read sees no talk of memory encryption or any of the physical measures for countering cold-boot scenarios. This is not a workstation for international (China) travel or for protecting against surveillance. It has some good advice, but is certainly not comprehensive. Ya, all of a paragraph. Any security document, even something as basic as an internal policy statement about passwords, should begin with a thorough discussion of the threats that were in the minds of the drafters. Security is heavily a matter of opinion and perspective. The background on which those are based is therefore as important as the individual recommendations. Once upon a time "felony" meant the sort of crime that you could be executed for. In that context nearly any restriction short of death seems reasonable. But our society has pushed "felony" down to mean anything which might result in custody of a year or more. That used to mean only those sent to prison (jail != prison) would be called felons. But there again society has pushed down the punishments to the point that most "felonies" don't even result in jail time (ie drunk driving). We can all hate lawyers and laws, but throwing around "felon" and "convict" so loosely has brought us to this unsettling situation. I can understand giving a commissioner power to have a "felon" fired or barred from certain employment, but only under the old definition of the word (murders, rapists, arsonists etc). I'm not sure the law could be used to bar any and all employment. It may be constitutional as a 'regulation' but a total ban on any form of work would be a per se deprivation. It's akin to land use rules which can limit used but cannot forbid any and all economic use. That constitutes a taking, as banning someone from any and all work would constitute an unconstitutional exile and/or an ex poste facto increase in punishment. I was going to add to those spotting the risk of contamination but then realized my error. This is an accurate model. The earth wasn't a sealed environment. The earth was and is constantly bombarded by foreign substances. Not a month goes by that I'm not reading about some new organic chemistry in space. That face on mars shows us that life most certainly was brought to earth from elsewhere. So if this machine is contaminated by some student's dandruff then it's only all the more accurate a simulation. if kids are to accept failure then they must be given room to fail. Your average highschool student wanting to go to a good university cannot accept any failure. Bomb a single test and your math grade will slip from the 98% that assures acceptance and the 95% that doesn't. The grade inflation needs to stop. My unpopular answer: more standardized testing. Don't grade homework. Don't grade the science projects. Grade only those things done by the student alone in an exam room. I know that doesn't remove all parental influence, but at least then the parents aren't the ones holding pen to the paper. Oops. I used bomb as a verb. Please mr NSA man open a dictionary before listing me. I've got to cross a couple boarders next week. College, what the rest of the world might call university, has value beyond paychecks. I know it is popular to look down on higher education these days, but there are real personal advantages. Anyone leaving a proper university at least knows how to read and write. That cannot be said of today's highschool students. I truly enjoy being able to follow science even though is has nothing to do with my field. The ability to pick up and journal on astronomy and understand everything it has to say is something I could not have developed at a vocational school. A couple months of in a hard-math stellar astronomy course yields a lifetime of enjoyment. Why is the DOE getting so involved in astronomy/cosmology? I know they are big supporters of science, but normally that science has some relationship to energy or atomic weapons (example: National ignition facility). I don't see how a telescope to map stars and measure dark energy fits into their mandate. Or is this thing part of the new space fence? Is it to be located in the south to spot spysats and/or debris in polar orbits? Drugs laws are too extreme and should be rolled back, but I do not like the way the OP uses the term "nonviolent drug crimes". "Police said Mizanskey conspired to sell 6 pounds of marijuana to a dealer connected with Mexican drug cartels." Taking that as true because we don't have anything else to go on, the Mexican drug trade is far from nonviolent. It is very easy to say that someone's actions were themselves nonviolent, but when they are aiding something that is very violent then it isn't so simple. I'd have much more sympathy if this guy had grown the pot in his closet and sold it to friends. Anyone else get sense the desperation in this? Once upon a time every middle-class home had to have a piano. Now they are relics. Sales of home pianos have tanked. Steinway sells to the pros, a small market, and the very rich. But those very rich who were raised with pianos in every home are getting older. Their kids don't want to spend $$$,$$$ on a great piano and the maintenance it requires. So Steinway is injecting technology in hopes of keeping the rich onside. Pianos, the good ones, last for decades. But what will this ipod-dependant thing look like in 2030 or 2060? Will they join their brethren in concert halls, or lie forgotten in grandma's storage locker? An old Steinway is a useful device capable of doing the same job today as it did when built. An network-enabled ipad accessory will not age so well. Arrogant, as is typical of those with a financial stake in a particular version of progress. This guy is under the belief that his version of the future will happen and that it is his job to help others realise that truth. Technological progress may be inevitable, but that progress envisioned by any particular person is not. Nanodegrees may seem a good idea, and they no doubt make sense financially to google, but that does not make them inevitable. People have been attending today's traditional schools since long before the Aztecs were even a thing (Cambridge 1200s). There is wisdom in those years. It may be time to change that wisdom, but it won't happen within a generation. Self-driving cars seem likely but are not inevitable. All sorts of safety-enhancing technologies are dropped for apparently irrelevant reasons. Why do we sell cars that can break speed limits? Why do school buses not have seat belts? Why do planes still have error-prone pilots? Why are alcohol and cigarettes still a thing? Each of those have at some point been challenged by technological progressives who though their version of the future was unavoidable. Each was proven wrong. Only the arrogant assume the future. fyi, anyone who thinks driverless cars are inevitable should look at the futurama exhibit of 1939. We were then going to have them by 1960. Then it was ford. Now it is google. I'll believe it when I see it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Futurama_%28New_York_World%27s... My point: There are often seemingly irrational reasons why new technologies are not adopted. One can make all rational arguments only to have them fall down when it comes to implementation. It is arrogant to assume that one today can perfectly predict technology tomorrow. (I say perfectly because the OP references only a narrow range of self-drive tech, not acknowledging all the other options.) A touchscreen as an NES controller? Forget the latency and touch issues. NES controllers and game controllers generally are built like rocks compared to touchscreens. I see fields of cracked screens. A new controller is far cheaper than a new smartphone, making this concept a financial nightmare for users. The 717 is also one of the few large jets readily converted for gravel runways, giving it a long future in northern operations. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravelkit Because you don't have the money on hand to return it to flight (ie a part needs replacement). Or it is being held by some creditor and its storage should be called a seizure. There are lots of very expensive parked planes. Ever watch the mythbusters? All the stunts they do with jet engines are with a group of parked 747s. The engines have to be runup every so often to maintain flight readiness. Yes but Google does higher lots of young people. They would rather higher kids not saddled by debt. Recent grads without debts will settle for lower salaries than those who need to pay down massive student loans. As a general rule, industry prefers narrowly-targeted education for skilled/unskilled workers. But when it comes to managers those four/six/eight-year degrees from centuries-old universities are all important. You don't see many executives without degrees. Founders may forgo education, but not so much the people they higher to run things. Does the size savings matter in comparison to the effort needed to identify (URL) and download the file? I mean to say, is this purely an exercise in graphics optimization or will Google see practical costs savings? Bossfights. If you have two thumbs, two hands, wrapped around a device it doesn't take much to break things. Phone touchscreens are built on the assumption the user is looking at the screen, targeting an icon of some sort. I think people will use much more force when the aren't looking at the screen, when they are jabbing at a stationary icon/button hundreds of times during a play session. 80ish % steel. The 25 did use some aluminum and titanium where needed. The good engineering was in determining where steel was good enough and where it wasn't. Absolutely no difference. Only a handful of near-modern planes (a-10) have any real armor protecting the plane itself. Pilots often sit in metal tubs, but the overall plane is unprotected from anything physical beyond bird strikes. Any protection is incidental to the structural requirements. There might be something to say for a metal with a higher melting/yield temp that could survive longer in a fire but I don't think that enters into the design equation. The generational shift isn't between people, but between decades. Many of the "leave no trace" hikers today were very different in their youth. Look through the history and you will find people in the 60s regularly doing things that today are simply not allowed (fires, cutting down small trees etc). So it isn't that people are different today. There are just more of them on trails. Some would say the answer is to provide more services such as better camping accommodations and harder trail surfaces to handle the extra people. I do not support this. I suggest that making trails easier attracts more people, only exacerbating the problem. It's a game that cannot be won. So rather than try to accommodate all these people, perhaps parts of the trail should be made less accommodating. Rock climbers do this all the time. See debates over sport (heavily bolted) v. traditional climbing methods. Adding safety features to a route attracts more traffic. Making/keeping a route difficult or even dangerous keeps beginners away, which reduces traffic. If we assume that there will always be more people in the future than there are now, that if nothing changes population pressure will always increase, then actively trying to keep people away may be the only sustainable plan. But allowing so many people to enjoy that beauty simultaneously works to destroy that beauty. So to protect you must either you take steps to dissuade people, or resort to some form of enforced quota system. When it comes to public resources I'd rather see dissuasion than quotas. If machismo works to reduce the footfall on a trail, so be it. That's much better than a gated trailhead manned by a guard taking tickets. And its far better than paved sidewalks and concrete staircases replacing trails. Handrails? Fire pits? Patrols walking trails? That isn't wilderness. That's disneyworld. If you put a ladder up the nose (el Capitan) it isn't the nose anymore. It isn't wild. It isn't beautiful or majestic. It's just another theme park deserving of the hordes of fat impolite and irresponsible tourists it will attract. Everything russian, from Antonov to the Bear bombers, are designed for rough strips. The classic russian design criteria are high-wings and oversized landing gear. The classic american design is tiny gear and low wings placing the engines within feet of the ground. Wait a second. Nasa is the US government. This manual is therefore not protected by copyright, at least not within the US. And they are charging 79$? They can do so, but 79 seems a little high given that once anyone gets their hands on it they can in turn sell their own copies again. How much for the pdf? Specialized equipment = Ladders. Having engines close to the ground means you can open doors and check things without climbing 10, 20, 30 feet into the air. But the literal flip side to this is maneuverability. The russian approach (high wings sloped down) results in better turning and roll performance. If you look at american military planes, especially the cargo planes like the c5, they are generally look more russian with neutral or even negative dihedrals, high wings and high engines. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Galaxy_Antarctica.jpg I have to ask, but since so much of Hawaii's electricity production feeds air conditioners wouldn't it be more efficient to pipe this cold water into houses as coolant? Or to a datacenter? The OP states that the cold water intake is a 5c. That would seem cool enough to either directly cool houses, or at least greatly increase the efficiency of their air conditioners. For the later you wouldn't need to evaporate anything. Just cooling the air conditioner with water rather than external air. Corrosion is an immense problem with salt water in large systems. Eliminating dissimilar metals across so many parts is tricky. Even then, unless you're going to plate everything in gold, corrosion will happen. The far easier solution is a heat exchanger between the saltwater and some other working fluid (ie radiator fluid) inside the system. I'm a bit surprised that the hawaii rig is pumping in actual sea water rather than dropping a radiator into the depths. That intake pipe will corrode eventually. Forgetting the laws, what sort of people can so casually kill like this? There are basic human instincts not to hurt people. Armies have to train soldiers to ignore these feelings because without training most won't kill even under combat situations. So when I see someone kill so casually I have to believe that they have rehearsed the scenario in their head beforehand. That means a large number of chinese people drive around with a plan in their head covering how to kill should they injure someone. They are mentally prepared at all times to commit murder on demand. That's messed up. It does not speak well of the country or its citizens when they travel abroad. Not the best source, but this is common knowledge in many circles: "In a squad of 10 men, on average fewer than three ever fired their weapons in combat. Day in, day out — it did not matter how long they had been soldiers, how many months of combat they had seen, or even that the enemy was about to overrun their position. This was what the highly regarded Brigadier General Samuel Lyman Atwood Marshall, better known as S.L.A. Marshall, or ‘Slam,’ concluded in a series of military journal articles and in his book, Men Against Fire, about America’s World War II soldiers. " http://www.historynet.com/men-against-fire-how-many-soldiers... And: "This was a problem for the US military and its allies during World War II. New training implements were developed and hit rates improved. The changes were small, but effective." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killology In response to below, many large animals have instincts about not killing their own kind. It is either too physically dangerous (a similarly-sized opponent) or in the case of social animals too socially costly, depriving the group of a member that represents significant investment. Wolves and lions will kill each other, but never casually. Creepy. It like that scene from x-men where the kid is asked to find all the mutants. The OP only replaces one fiction with a slightly more accurate fiction. The OP described only of the 'spheres in a vacuum' version of physics that tends to fall apart outside the classroom. (1) There are no spheres in realworld gravity. Earth is not round. The moon is not round. Even black holes are not round. Realworld orbits, orbits around non-round bodies, are not this predictable. (2) For purposes of space travel there is no "out of atmosphere". There are detectable wisps of gas out almost to the moon. This is the primary reason orbits decay, especially anything close to earth. The ISS would fall out of the sky very quickly without constant correction for the atmosphere it is flying through 24/7. Pointing out errors in science fiction is a fools errand. If they listen to you and correct all the errors that you've pointed out, someone else then shows up demanding that all their errors also be accommodated. The next thing you know Freeman Dyson is on set pointing out that the stars in your backdrop are upside down. An inaccurate piece of science fiction isn't as bad a one that claims scientific accuracy when it clearly stopped listening to the Mr Dysons half way through production. Hellburners are is no way equivalent to any nuclear weapon. The renaissance had no such equivalents. The description of any ancient weapon in terms of weapons of mass destruction is disingenuous. It lessens the term and suggests that such weapons are nothing new in history. That leads to arguments for their regulation and use in historical terms: Elizabeth used hellburners then, so we should be able to use tactical nukes today. 1650:1? What's Microsoft's ratio? MS claims "1.5 billion people use Windows every day." 1500000000 / 1650 = 909091 Does MS have 900,000 call center people? I'm betting not. It may an apples and oranges comparison (app v. OS) but 1650:1 remains nothing special in the world of customer support. I would much rather then brag about how quickly customer concerns are dealt with or how few are routed to voicemail. http://rhetorica.net/bias.htm Nuclear weapons are not unique only in terms of blast size. The radiation they create is a wholly new danger with no historical president. The creation, handling storage and eventual disposal of nuclear material is also new. The hellburners had, perhaps, a few tons worth of explosive. And it was blackpowder rather than TNT. A relatively tiny nuke, such as the AIM-26 air-to-air missile, explodes with the equivalent of 250 metric tonnes of TNT. The smallest ever nukes are in the 10-50 tonnes range, still well beyond the blackpowder in any hellburner. The proportion of energy released as radiation and/or fallout is generally inversely related to yield (less confinement of the critial mass > less efficient burning). So Be afraid of tiny nukes. The the future they will likely use antimatter, not as explosive but as a neutron source. That would allow for much smaller nukes once they figure out how to keep the antimatter suspended within the uranium shell. Such weapons could burn uranium very efficiently, resulting in much reduced fallout. I don't want to sound like I am denying climate change, but bodies coming out to glaciers happens regardless of climate change. Glaciers move. Snow falls neat the top, compresses into ice, slides downhill to melts when it gets warmer. That happens 24/7 no matter what. How long a body, or rock, or anything else stays in the glacier is not a function of heat so much as where it enters the ice. Glaciers, at least those on mountainsides, don't move like rivers. It's more of a U-shape path. Start near the top and you will be pulled in deeper (more snow on top of your) travel further and melt out near the bottom. Die near the mid point and you will melt out very much sooner because You won't have as much snow/ice above you before you get passed the point where melting overcomes snow accumulation. See http://www.climatesnack.com/2013/10/04/ice-can-flow-like-ket... Climate change may accellerate the process a little if warming causes the glacier to shrink, but the greater factor is always the point (altitude) where the body enters the ice. Hack the north? Waterloo is north? Contrary to popular belief, not all of Canada is a frozen northern wasteland. Waterloo is further south than 11 US states. It's about as "north" as the south of France (Got to love google maps). Save the north talk and the arctic midnight motif for when you come to UNBC. The term "hack the north" suggests some effort to deal with uniquely northern problems such as a lack of broadband and poor access to satellites. The tourism people aren't so hyped on the dark-and-frozen imagery. Waterloo is currently 25* and sunny. I was talking to a real estate agent last week who had to reassure an overseas buyer that Canadian summers do exist, that a heated driveway was not a necessity in Vancouver. Two points: 1) "The north" is an actual area, with unique technological problems, none of which involve southern Ontario. Canada has particular relationships with "the north" in areas from climate change to Native rights to arctic sovereignty. Canada even has a minister Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development. Waterloo is certainly not on his radar. "The true north" may be in the song, but you won't hear many Canadians refer to all of Canada as any north. 2) "Hack the north" suggests some sort of event dealing with northern problems. HackMIT is accurate because it involves MIT. It's not a call to hack (verb) MIT but MIT is a physical place an it is at least happening at that location. But MIT is not a region of the planet with unique circumstances. Would a HackAfrica or HackOceania event having nothing to do with African or pacific problems be appropriate? I wouldn't, but I expect many New Yorkers might take issue with being called southerners. And southerners might take issue with a "Hack the South" name on an event held in Vermont. I don't think it was kept secret to diminish embarrassment or save face. The impact on satellites was an outcome of the test. It was part of the weapon's overall effectiveness. How well your weapons work on specific targets, even those outside the test area, is exactly the type of information you try to keep out of enemy hands. Actually no. HackTheNorth is unique on that list. Every other one seems, to me, accurate in terms of geography. All but a couple are named after the unique place where they are being held. Those with regional descriptors (Desert Hacks) seem accurate. But only the waterloo event uses both "Hack" as a verb and addresses a region totally outside of its location. It is also the only one to include "the", suggesting that the thought process behind the name was slightly different. The sats for HBO are geostationary. Hitting them with nukes is a far cry from disrupting those in low orbits. You would need a much bigger rocket and significantly better aim (GST=35000km vs. LEO=150km). I doubt it. The vanallen belts were predicted long ahead of time and were confirmed during the very first sat missions (explorer 1). They were known not to be dangerous, at least not in comparison to riding a rocket. The amount of dangerous radiation penetrating any spacecraft would be minimal in comparison to that constantly funneled into the belt from space. The vanallen belts are often mentioned by moon hoax people to suggest that manned spaceflight is impossible. Mr Van Allan has been interviewed several times to dispute this assertion. "Northern Canada, colloquially the North, is the vast northernmost region of Canada variously defined by geography and politics." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Canada Not really. This wasn't a speeding ticket. Serious money was spent on this investigation and equally serious money was spent by the accused on his defense. The worry is best expressed by the Dr. Xi's lawyer... "If he was Canadian-American or French-American, or he was from the U.K., would this have ever even got on the government’s radar? I don’t think so,” Mr. Zeidenberg said." The implication is that investigators are targeting Chinese-americans under the assumption that Chinese-american's are sending information to china and so must be scrutinized. That sort of thinking leads to dark places. Imho money a far greater motivation than family history or racial affiliation. That should be the focus. What lack? National solidarity is a big thing for Americans. I think they assume everyone is innately loyal to their birth country. This in turn causes them to distrust those many Americans born elsewhere. Ted Cruz (born in canada) was pushed into having the canadian government renounce his potential citizenship, something unheard of in immigration law. She was to be the Queen's representative, effectively the head of state. That's a rather special circumstance. And another point: The entire concept of renouncing citizenship is strange. Citizenship isn't something you own, it's also a duty. Most countries do not allow their citizens to walk away. China and the US famously believe that everyone remains a citizen wherever they go in life. You cannot walk away from US citizenship (the draft, Vietnam etc) anymore than you can decide to move to canada and stop paying US taxes. That made Ted Cruz's request even more odd. They didn't trust each other, with good reason. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambridge_Spy_Ring Dude. Read the fine print: "Persons who wish to renounce U.S. citizenship should be aware of the fact that renunciation of U.S. citizenship may have no effect whatsoever on his or her U.S. tax or military service obligations (contact the Internal Revenue Service or U.S. Selective Service for more information)." You may give up the right to vote, but you are still subject to taxation rules and/or military service, both of which can change at any time. You sometimes hear of Canadian celebrities in the US (there are lots of them) debating whether or not they should become US citizens: short v long-term tax advantages. The really outside case is treason charges. A renounced US citizen can still be charged as a traitor for acts committed overseas, whereas a non-citizen would have to commit the acts within the US for treason to be an option.