ESR is wrong, Linus is right. The letter should be read in context, and it demonstrates the blunder of ESR. Here is Linus' letter on which ESR responded: http://lkml.indiana.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/0008.2/0201.h... And here are Linus' points, in short: http://lkml.org/lkml/2000/8/22/12 It's not Apple who built on Unix first, it was Jobs, who was fired from Apple. Jobs' work with Next was big part of Apple's comeback. Other Jobs' new decisions provided the rest of success. also re "how well that worked out for Apple the first time" -- actually: Windows managed to imitate most of Mac UI only with Windows 95, some eleven years after first Mac. Before Windows 95, Windows was ugly. Also note that some court decisions in Microsoft's favor were needed in order to help Microsoft imitate Apple in 1995. Absolutely not true that there's no difference. The speed of your desktop comes from using POWER. Today's desktop CPUs alone pull up to 130 WATTS. My desktop CPU bought in 2000 used 30 W. Now even notebook CPUs use more when they're not idle! Now I can come to a lot of web pages where only Flash ads use 100% of a modern CPU! That translates in 60-70 Watts. Then compare all this with the goals for device which should work with battery for hours. > Surely the best argument against Job's position is the iPhone itself. The most important and dominant crossplatform framework in the world is HTML+JS and Apple actually wanted it to take the place of native frameworks. But we all know how that ended and now we have the App Store. And with this paragraph you exactly proved why Flash doesn't have sense on the iPhone. he practically stole the phone and then sold it. he didn't even try to leave it at the bar, to ask the day later the bar people if somebody asked for it (the guy who was missing it returned more times!) he didn't try to return it directly to Apple (And maybe receiving the current generation phone as the present) he obviously wanted to profit by selling it to somebody else, as he asked more media companies! correcting the lies of jessie warden: When I reach his page I see this which hides his text: "Notice JavaScript for Mobile Safari is currently turned off. Turn it on in Settings › Safari to view this website." And I'm surfing his site with Opera on PC. Would you believe somebody of his competence? OK now I know about: "git pull --rebase" If only somebody would explain what this really does! The man pages are not helpful! git-pull(1) Manual Page says: "--rebase: Instead of a merge, perform a rebase after fetching. If there is a remote ref for the upstream branch, and this branch was rebased since last fetched, the rebase uses that information to avoid rebasing non-local changes. To make this the default for branch , set configuration branch. .rebase to true." Oh how clear. So let's try git-rebase: "If is specified, git rebase will perform an automatic git checkout before doing anything else. Otherwise it remains on the current branch. All changes made by commits in the current branch but that are not in are saved to a temporary area. This is the same set of commits that would be shown by git log ..HEAD (or git log HEAD, if --root is specified). The current branch is reset to , or if the --onto option was supplied. This has the exact same effect as git reset --hard (or ). ORIG_HEAD is set to point at the tip of the branch before the reset. The commits that were previously saved into the temporary area are then reapplied to the current branch, one by one, in order. Note that any commits in HEAD which introduce the same textual changes as a commit in HEAD.. are omitted (i.e., a patch already accepted upstream with a different commit message or timestamp will be skipped)." I'm lost! Now can anybody explain so nice like Yehuda did about the workflow, what and why that git pull did "wrong", and what the hell is that that "--rebase" does "right." Especially as here and there "--rebase" is described as something that "doesn't keep history" and therefore "bad." Note that I put "bad" "wrong" and "right" in quotes. I know that's all relative, I just want to get some simple explanation what's going on without reading "recursion see recursion" man pages! Thanks in advance! Why isn't --rebase default? Can anybody explain what it actually does and why it's not default, man pages are not clear to me? Every thing is explained by referring to a bunch of other things and there's not a trace of a simple explanation. OK, but I believe remote repo is there only to be pushed to, so then is there any example of benefit of pull without --rebase if the pull is anyway only done locally? http://progit.org/book/ch3-6.html Says " If you rebase commits that have already been pushed publicly, and people may have based work on those commits, then you may be in for some frustrating trouble." but not how that can happen at all, provided you always "pull --rebase" and then "push", and if that can happen at all, then what to do. Thanks knowtheory, that's exactly what I wanted to read, that git pull --rebase is "take all the commit nodes from my local branch (remember them), and rewind the history back to the point where my repository was in synch with the remote repository. THEN update my repository with the remote changes, and try and apply all my local commits on top of my newly synched tree."" Now what's "git pull" explained in the same terms? Is it "produce errors as if remote were in sync with local even if it's obvious it isn't"? Who needs that? If it's not, then what is a proper description? And is there any scenario in which remote was changed, you want to push there your changes and you wouldn't want "git pull --rebase"? Thanks! Arrington is clearly wrong. It's clear that nobody told him to copy paste the whole content, or gave him the permission. He just trolls now for more hits. But he'd just lose if he'd come to court. "Merge, on the other hand, will attempt to create a merge commit. A merge commit is one that has two parents. In this case, the parents are the tip of the remote master and the tip of the local master." Now what I understand from that is that "merge" (that is pull without rebase) should not be worse in any way! In both scenarios git doesn't have less information to begin with, it doesn't start with any false assumption, it's just that without --rebase the resulting local repo is supposed to contain a bit more information. Then why in the world is "pull --rebase" again "easy" to make the result and why is plain "pull" something that's "hard" to do for a beginner? Now I think it must be some side effect of one or another that makes the whole story relevant? Those are good arguments why "pull --rebase" is not a default action, thank you. Now I don't understand why either "pull" or "pull --rebase" is supposed to have any different behaviour when somebody does it! As far as I undestand git has enough information not to complain more in one case and less in another, and as far as I understood, the main argument of the main article was that "--rebase" somehow "eases some pain"!? How come? Yes, it's obvious they simply saved all the unencrypted packets they were able to get. If your your e-mail server didn't have encrypted communication, they saved your mails and your passwords. And yes, anybody else could have done that with your unsecured WiFi packets. The difference here is the large scale of collection and the power of the collector. The chance for misuse would be mostly by having it in wrong hands, but there's already immense amount of data on Google that would be of the same nature. If you use them you better trust them. My much bigger worries are that people don't see problem in sites like Facebook asking the passwords of your e-mail accounts to "connect you with your friends." And people do this gladly! It's just not optimally written, the major question should be: Which application do you want to write that oh so really demands Flash and would give users better experience than going native? I don't believe such an application exists! No, he is right. If you don't want to make great apps, you are free not to make them, or to make that what you think would be great with Flash for another platforms (but note that evan Adobe can't make the demo which doesn't crash on these other platforms(!)). Exactly the selection of what makes his platform is what makes it unique and, to people who buy the product, better than other offerings. The article is not clear about the details. As far as I know options have a fixed expiration date. Shares don't. It's not clear when the options he exchanged for shares were supposed to expire and which was the market price at that moment. It seems that the author doesn't have the real idea what he actually wants to measure? He just throws some heaps of code and gives some numbers. I haven't seen that he even tried to specify what he wants to achieve. His posts just don't have sense. Something which is really useful is on: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/ For example: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/compare.php?lang=go etc but it's wrong to believe BP estimates when comparing: "the amount of oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico may be 20 times the size of BP's earlier claims of 5000 barrels per day (2.4 million gallons spilled as of May 24, 2010), according to an exclusive analysis conducted for NPR.[37]" http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1268095... Gulf Spill May Far Exceed Official Estimates by Richard Harris If that is true the speed of leakage this time was immense compared to other events, so prompt action is justified. The bombastic claim "The large galaxy pictured here contains 8 times as many stars as our own Milky Way Galaxy. It is so large, it technically shouldn't exist" has a much saner description here: http://hubblesite.org/newscenter/archive/releases/2005/28/fu... It appears to be "too young" according to the expectations of those used to look at the "closer" things. So not that impressive, compared to what had to happen before: According to our current knowledge, the whole universe must have grown up 10 to 78 th power times in volume (!) in only 10 to -32 th of second (!), so I'm not that impressed that there existed some big galaxy somewhere the whole 800 million years after the inflationary period! Why not? > The inability to have access to apps that steve doesn't necessarily approve of? Can you imagine that have your own shop in which you want to sell a lot of toys to kids. Why should a local porn dealer have the right to sell the porn in your store? Jobs has the right to select what he wants to sell. You have the right to select where and what you buy. Whenever I hear such arguments they smell me to people who are actually porn dealers unsatisfied with their own shop who think they have the right to demand from a shiny shop over the street to sell their goods for them. Tthe parent article complains: "The Financial Times article states that: 'Windows is known for being more vulnerable to attacks by hackers and more susceptible to computer viruses than other operating systems.' The facts don’t support the assertion." Both parent article and parent post switch the topics: Though Microsoft did a lot of work to improve security, Windows as a platform (when you include anything installed on Windows like Adobe Flash and Reader) is certainly "more vulnerable to attacks by hackers and more susceptible to computer viruses." I don't think I have to provide examples, anybody is able to count. That's why I actually like that iPhone and iPad don't allow "anything goes" with the native apps. That's the biggest improvement in approach to the security in the last decades. Of course it doesn't fall. Try to count the number of IE toolbars for Windows, then try to count for Mac. Try to count the number of antivirus programs for Windows, then for Mac. Try to count how many shell extensions are installed with different programs. How many file handlers etc. On every Windows computer the attack surface is unbelievably bigger, unless you're very untypical user. But even more important reason for increased "Windows platform insecurity" is the economy -- evildoers can control much more computers (and make more money) if they invest the time to make Windows trojans. On the other side, I believe that if we just look at the Apple software for Mac delivered by default and the Microsoft software delivered with the OS, Apple is more vulnerable -- Microsoft really does much more security work on the core (in invested man hours per lines of code of the core) and delivers less functionality than Apple by default -- even a mail client is not an official part of Windows 7, that's good trick to have more secure default OS package. Still if you use Windows you're much more likely to fall victim, and it will remain so for a quite while. I'm very sure he has the code he haven't really made to properly scale with more cores or processors. The fact that he doesn't write much about the code in the article suggests me that he doesn't really know how to make scalable processing -- for anything nontrivial it's not easy at all, and I'd personally be able to make it more optimal in C than in Java, simply because there's more that I don't directly control in Java. see for example: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?test=al... the post is not linking to the real article of the guy, which is on http://www.jvuletich.org/Morphic3/Morphic3-201006.html but to fully unneeded and uninformative second-hand writing on squeak.org, and that's just wrong! Re: "embedded malware for Mac": let's count the number of malware waiting to trick you to come to your PC with Windows OS. Than do the same for Mac. For Windows it's certainly hundreds of thousands, if not millions, every kid writes them, there are even enough "no-need-to-know-programming" kits. From Macs the number is, I'm guessing now, tens at most? It does matter, an it matters a lot, what platform you use. I still claim he doesn't understand scalability for multi processor platforms. I don't claim he didn't made fast processing by writing his custom code, but he writes, his code is fastest on a single core, and as far as I see, he doesn't know why. So I conclude he knows to code but only non-parallel. I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia. (Woody Allen) I agree with you. The truth is, there's simply not enough bandwidth, especially not to stimulate "unlimited" data use and motivating people to become "data hogs." And it's not easy at all to increase the resources. There are real physical and technical limitations for providing more bandwidth which are hard to overcome in many areas. The unlimited data plan was designed for much less devices in the wild. You're wrong. I've actually had to maintain the big C++ projects. That have Zillion of classes, fully different, but each one has more Read(), Write() functions. Some are virtual, some are not. Some have two parameters, some have three, some four. And they even do fully different stuff! Which Read() will be called depends on anything and everything. I claim you just can't figure out what some piece of code does in any other way than by actually single-stepping through the debug build. Any time the debug build pieces of code don't reflect the source, you're fully lost. Note that Linus usage scenario is "read the chunk of code outside of the whole source base" and you argumenting "if I use some hypotetical very clever tool the tool would maybe able to show me what some line in the chunk of code actually does." I've actually made some "very clever tools" since some twenty years ago. And I wouldn't want to have to use them on the really big projects. The article is really poorly written. The specific example is very specific, the claims that "nobody else gets it" are in fact unsubstantiated. All the effects he mentions are very known among right professionals. And the title text is not about "relative latency" you mention but about the cost of paging, once something gets paged out. Even then there was no such thing in peer reviewed works: http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2005/01/the-gl... Somebody should measure fannkuchredux in Opera and compare that with C implementation speed. For some scenarios Opera's Javascript JIT already achieves speeds close to C. Anti-AGW is absolutely anti-science and that can be proved by their target group. Their base target is people who don't know enough, a few more educated people but on margins and finally the people with direct interest in keeping the consumption as is. They don't "point to red flags" in a sensible way, they make immense noise targeted to the ignorant masses, and it works -- in keeping the world not changing. Which can't end good, no matter what people who want to close their eyes hope. Am I the only one who doesn't like the "funny sounding" titles and subtitles in technical writing? I know it got fashionable decades ago in computer magazines but it's really annoying, at least for me, in any text that is not a really short article, since the titles in longer texts should be used for a reference and not "to make the popular article appear less boring." How do you use fork? "Oh, just look under the title "I'm mentally prepared! Give me The Button!"" --- what the heck!? I don't think so. That was the first mainstream channel which provided convenient links to news in English even from other countries. I don't agree that "it's fairly easy to make important speed gains when starting from such a lowly position" has any relevance: In my micro-tests Opera's JS can run the same numeric loop (producing the same result!) almost 200 TIMES faster than Python, and for example, faster than the C code compiled by gcc 3. Opera manages to achieve that from plain JS code, and up to then only ActiveScript and Microsoft's JScript were able to match, but they both needed explicit typing for the same results. So it doesn't matter where they started, now they really achieve impressive results. It's true, though, that Google's move resulted in everybody else having to do that too. Microsoft tried to avoid, as they knew that Google benefits more from really fast JS, but the pressure continued... Absolutely! Damn language innovators who think that solving module linkage is "not sexy" but modifying syntax to be unprocessable by people and machines is. Google Go is fast because it stole ideas from Wirth and followers (Turbo Pascal, Modula) who actually took the care to provide sane module linkage for decades. The proper path to the evolution of C was to keep includes and classic linking but to allow "module linking" too. All that was being done for decades, only not in C and C++. Exactly, with the BASIC in my Spectrum (1984) I was able to draw over the whole screen in full resolution (at that time even the very "bitmapped" screens were novelty, other computers had special regime for drawings and another for letters -- Mac, who broke that, came only in 1984, PC users stopped using text modes only with Windows, which got popular only around 1990) -- one single statement to draw the line, one single statement to draw the circle... to put that in the loop you needed only two lines more, or you could even write it in the same line. And no special editor needed, you just type, press Enter, and the result appeared immediately. And no icons, no toolbars, title bars... Command, result. Or a few lines of program, result. Try now to draw something. Try to produce the sounds of notes with it. It was simple, now it's not, that's why it's not THAT. It's sad that it's so hard these days to do some basic stuff, like only a few typed words to draw something etc. Today even languages that should be simple aren't. Import libraries, reference modules, only to evaluate abs(-2)? Failure of modern language incarnations... I think you missed the point, it's issuing and enforcing the software patents that is bad for anybody but the biggest companies. In my opinion the main problem that EU regulations brought to Europe is exactly that it's now much easier for big companies to push through new laws which are good only for the mentioned big companies and which then get applied by all the members. And sorry, I falsely understood that you believed that the easer issuing of patents which is probably coming in EU is what's "better" in EU than in US. Now I've read more carefully -- I'm the one who overlook the "but" in your sentence. I live in Europe and the press is here full of such examples. Before, the corporations had to lobby the politicians of every state and some things would simply never get through as the attempts would induce reactions from opposition and the media attention. Now corporations simply lobby the bureaucratized "representatives" decisions of who are almost never covered by media -- cheaper, simpler, and almost always works. Try discovering how GM food got allowed in EU. What's ironic is that Windows 7 was designed to be more Mac like and less like Windows XP and now they want to claim advantage for Windows 7 as being "more like the computer you know to use." I have the book and was disappointed, my experience was "OK let's learn about X" I search to find mention in the book, and I get something like "mostly harmless." Or something with much less information than in the first few lines of the wikipedia article about X. I still don't know where's any good stuff in that book. Anybody cares to explain? It's simple if you think about it: the company has its own servers, and as far as I understand, what presented as a "plugin" is a browser extension. So yes, I'm very sure it's not something that runs only on your machine and only communicates with google. Call me paranoid, but I wouldn't give one more company the access to my e-mail. However it seems quite common today, that's what a lot of "social" sites prompt people and they gladly enter the login data. Wow that's interesting: I've found a paper from 1975 Lex − A Lexical Analyzer Generator http://staff.ustc.edu.cn/~shzhang/staff/lesk-lex.pdf and Google's Eric E Schmidt was only 20 at that time according to Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_E._Schmidt He got BSEE on Princeton in 1976. OK, both Bell Labs and Princeton are in New Jersey, but it's still quite impressive to be the developer of lex in Bell Labs as a 20-year old Princeton student. Of course even more impressive is being 129th richest person in the world in 2006. It's still bad, since it will lead to the effect "just write every class with auto." C++ combined memory allocation and the object destruction in one thing and now we have too many people that think those should be one primitive. They shouldn't. Once you recognize that you have to care about both separately, you start to recognize that even GC is an answer to the wrong question. For really "cool" programs (using the most of the resources etc) you simply have to manage memory yourself. Object should not manage their allocation, they should just "know" who's in charge for their allocation. Some Bloomberg guys recognized that and made some libraries for C++, ans some work was done to get something like that in C++ standard, but I don't know if the result is useful. I also don't know if such ideas would look nicer in D. Asus wanted. Some time ago Asus had preparations to introduce non-x86 (but ARM) based netbook. It would be cheap, use less power, you name it (iPad is also ARM based). But Microsoft and Intel twisted Asus' arm, and Asus even had to publicly apologize for mentioning "the product that is not going to be." AS3 is fast as the language, but developers can make too CPU intensive animations there too. Moreover AS2 in which a lot of ads are still made is awful slow. And you can't control which ads (and the quality of the implementation) will be served when you're on some site -- therefore on weaker processors most of the sites which present the flash ads are amazingly hard to use -- you just experience lockups all the time. To me it's funny that you worry about toolbars that collect your browsing information and ignore the extent in which Chrome does the same. It's true Google has their tracking scripts on most of the web pages today but what Chrome does in the background seems to be one dimension more. The only difference from the toolbars is that you're not aware of it as the browser "is faster than other ones." Anybody to explain what was Hot Potato site anyway? I see it's a site where you register and post stuff. But what was unique for it? Every time I see news about Go I go and read again the http://golang.org/doc/go_spec.html to see if something got better. The first version I've read still needed ";" separators. Still, D looks to better by the order of magnitude. I think Go solves less problems than D: What I like in D is that it moves in the direction of letting the programmer interact with the "knowledge" the complier has when it processes the code, much more successful than the C++ template clumsiness. Compared to that Go has much more "old" feeling even if Rob claim it's "modern." Even more important, D allows even writing "classic C level" of code if needed -- and for some critical places it's always needed. As far as I understand, the whole D (the compiler and libraries) can be written in D, which is not the case with Go which certainly needs good-old C. You should definitely measure something from the real life. I measure something as simple as a loop in which some short floating point calculations is made (actually only two additions per loop and one FP comparison) and my measurements on the latest Intel i5 give (in seconds): 0.31 VS2010 -O2 SSE2 0.35 VC 6 -O2 0.44 cygwin gcc-4.3.2 -O2 0.95 cygwin gcc-3.4.4 -O2 I haven't tested the later 4.x gcc but the results are clear -- even VC 6, 12 years old, is better than a quite recent gcc, at least for FPU calculations. It illustrates nicely how clumsy a lot of languages are for such a simple-to-describe task. Mess with libraries, try to guess what's best to use... After all these years I still like the plainness of BASIC. Try to analyze the traffic. See if something goes to Google even for the sites that don't already have Google's tracking scripts on them. I know, "it's all for convenience of user." Speaking as a guy who writes in assembly too, I'm not sure that much can be gained by BM at least on modern out-of-order processors. The cost of comparing every byte is low, and to skip a few bytes can cost more in additional instructions which can slow the pipeline than it would be by just searching through every byte for the first one. Other speedups (mmap) sound reasonable. How about simply giving the watcher the "unblur" button, and keeping blur otherwise? That way the watcher can protect himself more from unpleasant visuals. There's also http://www.hackernewsers.com/ where you can fill your profile And it must be acceptable answer -- it's not the only thing we don't know. Almost all of the things in physics are known only as observations, and as "laws" which fit with observations and allow us to predict the results of the similar observations. Then we intentionally try to find some observation that makes us refining the rules. Like Lorentz's formulas are the refinement of some Newtonian "laws." That's how science works. I use J2ME and enjoy it. I purchased three J2ME applications, worth 100 EUR, that as far as I know still don't exist on "smartphones" (good dictionaries). I also use Opera Mini which is exactly what I need. For me J2ME apps seem to be much "safer" to use than the "smartphone" ones which typically get access to much more on the phone than it would be really needed. Not to mention that the dictionaries do work perfectly "offline." See comments from sp332 on http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1629961 "It's exactly the sort of thing RATE ( http://www.icr.org/rate/ ) has been talking about. The main point of the RATE project is to discredit the radioisotope dating methods. Sometimes they just send samples from the same rock formation to different labs and get different results. But they also spend a lot of time finding reasons that radioisotope decay rates might change over time. This is all from what I remember from a conversation I had with someone involved with the project about 10 years ago. They got a lot of funding and a lot of interest back in the late 90's when they were just starting. I thought some of their research was interesting, but there was so much propaganda mixed in that it turned my stomach, so I stopped following it." Still there's a good reason not to use 64 bits: interconnections, transistor count, die size. You can't have a CPU that sips milliwats of power and make an architecture of a 50 Watts beast. "So why doesn't C do it this way? Probably the hardware didn't do this at the time C was designed." As far as I know, hardware still doesn't do this, if we look at the assembly instructions of CPU's. The languages that specify it towards zero have the advantage of being able to map the computation to the single CPU instruction. Then how about giving an example of somebody who had some benefit of learning Klingon, not related to Klingon as is? I checked the Dropbox, but I don't see why a service of "storing something on some servers" has to be bound to "you must install this app which you have no control of to use the service." The only answer I see is "they want to do something nefarious." Otherwise there would be a simple web interface for people for which that is enough. Or even a simple html based API. Is Tarsnap better? Some people never reach 20+ "friends" on FB... who's to say what's the right limit to the number of "friends"? Abstract: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/smll.200901100/ab... Resistive Switching in Nanogap Systems on SiO2 Substrates Jun Yao5, Lin Zhong1,2, , Zengxing Zhang3, Tao He3, Zhong Jin3, Patrick J. Wheeler4, Douglas Natelson1,4, , James M. Tour2,3,* Article first published online: 28 SEP 2009 DOI: 10.1002/smll.200901100 Pdf: http://www.ruf.rice.edu/~mobile/publications/yao09small.pdf It's quite far from being proved to be feasible. I've just tried to watch one video -- Carnot cycle. http://www.khanacademy.org/video/carnot-cycle-and-carnot-eng... I've read the first book of the Feynman lectures during the last six months, only for fun, to compare the insights of Feynman with the education I've received during my school time, twenty years ago. In that lecture Khan was ALMOST right, but I think it's not good. He mentions in one moment "the energy given to the system was the higher potential energy of the rocks" which is wrong. There's no the same amount of rocks, so the energy of the remaining (less) rocks is the same as the energy of more rocks before in the process he described. Feynman's approach to actually understand that the energy transferred was to "speed up" the movement of the gas molecules is right, this is not. He also "derives" the formula with delta U = Q - ... where he should have just written Q = ... because that was what was intentionally done. So I'm not satisfied, I believe Khan was able to deliver much better lecture had he first prepared himself a little more. Maybe using some simpler book as the start but using Feynman for the insight to be able to explain what's really going on. The quote is not so dubiously attributed, here's how it appears in his "Ideas and Opinions" 1954, Crown Publishers: "ON CLASSIC LITERATURE Written for the Jungkaufmann, a monthly publication of the Schweizerischer Kaufmaennischer Verein, Jugendbund, February 29, 1952. Somebody who reads only newspapers and at best books of contemporary authors looks to me like an extremely near-sighted person who scorns eyeglasses. He is completely dependent on the prejudices and fashions of his times, since he never gets to see or hear anything else. And what a person thinks on his own without being stimulated by the thoughts and experiences of other people is even in the best case rather paltry and monotonous. There are only a few enlightened people with a lucid mind and style and with good taste within a century. What has been preserved of their work belongs among the most precious possessions of mankind. We owe it to a few writers of antiquity that the people in the Middle Ages could slowly extricate themselves from the superstitions and ignorance that had darkened life for more than half a millennium. Nothing is more needed to overcome the modernist's snobbishness." Avoiding the middle man in the event coverage is certainly the main reason for Apple to do the live stream. It's worth not having negative comments! Awful. The article writer complains that Gmail bounced his mails after his subscription expired. However careful reading reveals that he was able to select automatic renewal when he subscribed for a given time and he just didn't do that. As the subscription was only 5 dollars, I can only conclude the service was fully unimportant for him. And now he's all mad. It's much worse: the user: 1. is an "entrepreneur" 2. uses gmail as his only mail service 3. receives "up to 600 emails a day" 4. has paid 5 USD for subscription, once 5. doesn't want to automatically renew 6. ignores the expiration notification 7. observes expiration occurs 8. bitches > one renewal notification email for what is obviously a critical service. And preserved all his mails. > I'd rather receive a clear and concise notice email. He ignored it. > Put a renewal notification in the Gmail UI He already said he doesn't use web interface > Respond with a transient full inbox failure The mails bounced as he already used up immense amount of storage which he didn't pay. > instead of a permanent failure But they preserved all his immense gigabytes piled up in 6 years of his e-mail. > OP in this case is somewhat technical He gets 600 e-mails per day, as his main work, and doesn't want to even pay regularly for the service. > but if this had happened to my mom, my grandparents Because your mother or grandparent is also "an entrepreneur," gets 600 e-mails per day and has much more than seven gigabytes in gmail? He just trolls to get the attention. You have to read: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/michkap/archive/2010/03/21/9982732.a... Written by the programmer who got multiple sclerosis in U.S. How he suffered because of the system. A good example of something "only in America" (from the Europe perspective of course). > for the same sensor size MP count is better That's very wrong. The number of photons is limited, the effective light-sensitive area drops with more MP, and with small sensors with more MP you then get more noise than a signal. It's hidden by post-processing but that also drops the real information. So less MP is better in a lot of common circumstances. If you exclude professionals, nobody buys "full-frame" sensors. Excluding professionals, people don't even know what that means. Nobody brags about sensor size, everybody brags he has "more MP" than before. Also almost nobody wants to make photos only in the direct sunlight. Normal conditions are conditions with less than optimal light. So excluding "full-frame," more MP is actually worse, and people buy simply by believing "bigger number better." Edit: Let me stress once again: I'm not discussing a scenario of a "professional with a slave to carry all his equipment and another guy to set and hold the lights" but a "normal person" carrying not-too-expensive camera or even his phone and expecting "more MP better pictures." I also use Perl (5 of course) for text processing but also for some binary file modifications. Just for playing with algorithms I use Python. I still wouldn't like to have to use the "wrong" of them for the given purpose. Personally I don't expect Perl 6 to have a noticeable impact soon, I've read about it and I've never thought "that's what I've been missing all the time." Let me tell you what I'm really missing -- something even simpler than Python which would allow me to draw the random graphical things with basic interactive possibilities but with the ease of old Basic languages. I've used tkinter a few times but every time I have to make something new I just discover I've forgot all the illogical things I had to do the last time, and the old source is not of much help, I know I'll have to spend trying a lot just to make something simple, so I lose the will to even start again... It also has file description before the copy of the file data and at the second copy at the end of the whole archive, allowing fast listing of the content or location inside of the archive, exactly as the article would want. The only thing pkzip doesn't cover in the original format is unix/linux specific metadata, but maybe this was/can be added. I use info-zip when the metadata don't matter but tar when they do (but even tar has its limitations with working with unix/linux metadata). Beautifully written. Note however that mentioned Hula calendar is also very dead today (so there is an additional story to be told!): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hula_(software) And for those who don't know (international readers like me) the expression "albatross around the neck" which JWZ used here comes from Samuel Taylor Coleridge's poem The Rime of the Ancient Mariner (1798): In the poem, an albatross starts to follow a ship (...) the mariner shoots the albatross (...) which is regarded as an act that will curse the ship (...) To punish him, his companions induce him to wear the dead albatross around his neck indefinitely http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albatross_(metaphor) click bait, real content link: http://news.cnet.com/2300-1035_3-10004733.html The most interesting for me was: "In 2008, average U.S household income was about $71,500, while the median -- or the point at which half of incomes are higher and half are lower -- was $52,000." The point of the article is in Clifford M. Will "The Confrontation between General Relativity and Experiment" (2001) http://relativity.livingreviews.org/Articles/lrr-2001-4/ "Gravitational wave damping has been detected in an amount that agrees with general relativity to half a percent using the Hulse-Taylor binary pulsar," I also have something to say to the first question in comments there, to which the article author answered that he can't answer. The question was "Is the speed of gravity reduced by the medium through which it travels in a analogous manner to the slowing of the speed of light through various media?" I was lucky enough to read Feynman Lectures recently, so as far as I understood him, the photons themselves don't really slow down in various media. That is, what we see as the result is the slowdown, but only because it's a new light (new photons) on the other side of the media. The photons on the other side are photons which were pushed out of the atoms of the media, that's why it appears that they come out slower. Inside, between the atoms of the media, photons still move at the speed of light. And all because Chrome OS should be a part of the TV sets! So that's the potential fight: web based OS in the TV sets versus iPhones/iPods that talk to the new Apple TV. I think it's clear who has better "remotes." I'm curious how "killer" it will be regarding power consumption. The present Hummingbird based Samsung's best single-core S5PC110 is already in 45 nm, so if they put two cores, the CPU will need twice as much power as now when both whenever the second core has to do something. I wasn't surprised about difference, only that up to now I didn't know that half of the families in US live on less than 50K USD per year. But AFAIK Cherenkov radiation occurs in medium, so there isn't any contradiction to the generally accepted limits, and Ronald Mallet is highly unlikely to be trusted, see the wikipedia entry: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Mallett Hardly abusing or original, generating small chunks of code and invoking C compiler on each of these is how GNU autoconf works (and the reason it works slow, too!) The actual line from Knuth's article "Structured Programming with go to Statements" is: (...) "premature emphasis on efficiency is a big mistake which may well be the source of most programming complexity and grief." Note: not "optimization" but "premature emphasis on efficiency" and "may be the source of complexity and grief" not "root of all evil." Who invented "root of all evil" then? Edit: here it is, also Knuth: " There is no doubt that the grail of efficiency leads to abuse. Programmers waste enormous amounts of time thinking about or worrying about, the speed of noncritical parts of their programs, and these attempts at efficiency actually have a strong negative impact when debugging and maintenance a considered. We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil. Yet we should not pass up our opportunities in that critical 3 %. A good programmer will not be lulled into complacency by such reasoning, he will be wise to look carefully at the critical code; but only after that code has been identified." OK, there it is, but nicely guarded in a long sentence and not made to be used as some mantra! Additionally, I agree with Joe Duffy: "It's an all-too-common occurrence. I'll give code review feedback, asking "Why didn't you take approach B? It seems to be just as clear, and yet obviously has superior performance." Again, this is in a circumstance where I believe the difference matters, given the order of magnitude that matters for the code in question. And I'll get a response, "Premature optimization is the root of all evil." At which point I want to smack this certain someone upside the head (...)" If I understood correctly, here the Lisp code generates the C code which generates the small chunks of Lisp code which are then compiled. But I don't understand what you mean under "intermediate expanded file." In autoconf the config.h is the final resulting chunk that is used in the final compilation (somewhat in parallel to Lisp chunks generated by the C)." What's your take? The shortest link to the explanation: http://www.google.com/instant/ The shortest link to the explanation, for those of us who don't have javascript turned on by default and want to read about it, or who don't see the new interface: http://www.google.com/instant/ "Google Instant is starting to roll-out to users on Google domains in the US, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Russia who use the following browsers: Chrome v5/6, Firefox v3, Safari v5 for Mac and Internet Explorer v8." Try typing "fuc" -- it's smart enough not to be instant :) Correct: there's real chance I'll forget what I wanted to search if I'm presented with something else shiny before! It's dangerous and it will mostly make popular searches even more popular. It's a positive feedback loop, often a bad thing. AFAIK not SafeSearch but "in addition," the second part of your qute. Well, wasn't SSH de facto broken for almost two years on Debian distros, due to the bad random number generation bug? The major problem of nuking something like that is that you can get more pieces that are out of the control. The goal is just to deflect. It's harder than it appears. I've tested http://nightly.mozilla.org/js-preview.html with my simple benchmark loop (two floating point additions per pass) and it's really better: 300M passes of loop, time in seconds: 0.88 Firefox 4b6 2.26 Firefox 3.6.6 which is approximately 2.5 times faster. Now that particular loop executes at the same speed as ActionScript 3 (in Flash 10) with explicit typing. That's the big achievement for Mozilla. Looking at their v8 bench speedup: from 0.7 ms to around 0.3 ms we get again 2.3, comparable with the simple loop measurement. But interestingly enough, Google's V8 gets its speed in a very different way, as my mentioned benchmark loop performs much worse in Chrome: 3.9 sec on Chrome 6.0.472, thats 4.4 times slower than ActionScript or Firefox Beta 4. The special symbols with their instant responses: @font-face &nbsp _ .net I don't know in which language he implements this, but if it's in any efficient language he should certainly use all the characters. Some interesting benchmarks (and also some very interesting links in the comments!) can be found at: http://www.strchr.com/hash_functions Congratulations Broadcom! It's nice to see you becoming a Linux-friendly company! It's certainly a new chapter in the history of the company! (People who use Linux and your chipsets already know why this is such a good news.) So it's finally time for XY and XX Combinators! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XY_sex-determination_system It reads as if my ex girlfriend wrote it, every single bit. :) I consider me lucky to be here being able to write this. 1) To be able to "search (almost) the whole internet" you have to pull the content and have "almost whole internet" on your own servers. 2) You have to update your copy of the internet regularly. 3) You don't want to search all that whenever somebody types a few words. So write programs to regularly prepare indexes in advance (just like in the books) and then when the query with words comes you can "just" look up in these. The steps above sound simple, but you can imagine that the devil is in details, that there's a lot of knowhow needed and a lot of money to do that really right. Just ask Microsoft or even some failed search company. Estimate errors are not important -- the certainty that the peak comes however is! Try to think about it, you know how exponents of 2 work: 1 2 (...) 1024 2048 Now note that to move from point n to the point n + 1 you need to use as much as in all points from 1 to n - 1: when you're at point of 1024, to move to the point of 2048 (double) you'll need 1+2+4+8+...+512 + 1 of something. According to http://www.pbs.org/frontlineworld/stories/colombia/oila.html the doubling time of world oil consumption is 30 years (just as little as 2.3% usage growth per year makes that!) That means that during the next 30 years the world needs as much oil as the total oil used from the beginning of the oil use to the 1980(!) Think again about that simple fact! Now if you know that all oil in the Earth formed from the preserved remains of prehistoric zooplankton and algae, which had settled to a sea or lake bottom in large quantities under anoxic conditions, you can imagine that the supply is really limited. Note that even the doubling the estimated world reserves that you suggest gives the humanity only a few decades more. Where do you get 50 years when the current estimated doubling time of consumption is 30 years? Approximately 40% of the world electricity production uses coal as we speak. It's not that the coal is just waiting to be used instead of oil. Your kids (if you have them) will experience oil problems anyway! Not to mention the effects of all that CO2 in the atmosphere. > If Google had made Android based on a mix of Mono and code from .NET Micro Framework, they could likely have made it so all parts are covered against Microsoft patents But all that would be only to allow the use of language as described in the given document. The way they took gave them the nice functional development environment not bound to the Windows OS. > Where is the incentive? I guess you are right, here's where some had the incentive to use the technology: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazen_bull Even worse, the author claims that faster work with 200 opened tabs changed his life . How? But AFAI understand before the IPO you can't buy anything, even if the shares are valued some value in some company to company transaction. AFAIK it's not about company being sold, it's only once it's on the market (and other conditions you have are met) that you can execute your options. Then you don't have to worry to even have the mentioned 10K USD, you'll be able to get the difference between the real price of that number of shares and the strike price of your options. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strike_price In most nontrivial projects, C is used to solve problems that are worse being solved with other platforms: targeting the biggest possible platform independence but caring about performance. So you can't compare the "beauty" of something that is supposed to run on my 50 USD router with 32 MB with something that has not much to do (measuring CPU and memory use) and has the luxury to be compiled only by a few compilers. Another problem is that a lot projects "grow" without any vision. Once you understand that, you'll find that most of the successful C projects didn't have much more choice, more because of the history of them than anything else. However when you have the full control of the platform and have a small numbers of the developers with a good taste (you control the OS and the compiler too) you can maintain "beauty" consistently. In this regard, I suggest you to enjoy Plan 9 sources! http://plan9.bell-labs.com/wiki/plan9/Sources_repository/ind... Well I'm afraid I have to explain the post, although I believed enough of people would understand the hint and even develop discussion in that direction. I certainly didn't expect the reaction I've got. Maybe I'm being genetics-biased but the name "Y combinator" always had for me a "macho" association -- Y being the chromosome unique for men. When I read the title "woman ... Y combinator" it really stands out to me. And I see nothing wrong in the idea of also having something like the "X combinator" which would be intentionally more oriented towards women in the business. I've looked at his code. He didn't rewrite it, just wrote the wrappers to the API calls to make his usage cases more convenient for him, which is what every beginner would also do. But I hope you understand that OpenSSL has order of hundreds of thousand of lines of code (don't make me counting now) and the guy made something like a hundred lines total separated in a few functions which simply call OpenSSL API step by step to do the given task. It certainly can't be said that he "rewrote OpenSLL" and it's certainly not something that gave him any right to feel superior -- he's just a user of the API. I don't agree with the above. If we're talking about Windows, it's not "boot volume encryption" but the "C: disk encryption" that you have to worry about even if the attack scenario is data at rest. If you don't encrypt C: disk every forensic worker will trivially recover a lot of material that you'd believe was encrypted on another partition. If we're talking about Linux where you configured /boot unencrypted and everything else encrypted, only then it's about the attack scenario that parent mentions. No, it's more the question of the goal of the "attacker" when you don't do the whole-drive encryption. If you have the data on the notebook that are worth a lot of money and you can imagine that somebody would be interested at that then you should encrypt the OS partition. Ever heard about page file? It's on the OS partition, unencrypted. Temporary files? There, unencrypted. Even if the temporary files are deleted, the content of them remains on the hard disk. Unencrypted. Maybe the red flag is constant reference to the product instead of the claim that some active substance effect is tested, but I admit I don't know how otherwise such articles are written. I have impression you're right. Also see the comment of terrapinbear here, it's a "proprietary extract of the dried root of Astragalus membranaceus." and of tomwalker: "they want about $1000 a month." AFAIK it was written as the research, not to run at any specialized hardware, then "sold" as being able to run the phone switch, but it needed a "big iron" computer attached to it just to drive that switch (!) -- it was that slow. And AFAIK it's still very slow. Up to quite recently it wasn't even able to use more cores. Luckily the wasps are not the wasps most people think of, from the article: "The tiny wasps are only two millimeters long." I remember reading "Erlang - A survey of the language and its industrial applications" (Joe Armstrong - in INAP'96) Now I've checked again, so let me summarize: It started to spread "outside the lab" in 1987. In 1995 there were three commercial applications: network simulator, mobility server and distributed resource controller. First is a simulator, not running on the specialized hardware, the third was running on "a network of Windows NT machines." The second: "acts as a call control system when linked to the PBX " OK, the second was running on the additional SPARC-based machine, not big iron, but AFAIK certainly more powerful than the PC's of that time. So I don't see anything that was targeting really "specialized hardware" particularly not what we'd think as embedded (less power consumption, slower processors than the PC CPU's). It was a research project, and it had traditionally performance problems. Even today, after so many years, when you compare Erlang HiPe (Hi Perf, you can imagine others then!) with something higher than C, let's then say Lua JIT it's easy to see which one is faster: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/benchmark.php?test=all... Edit: Or for multi core 64 bits with Mono: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?test=al... I referred to the work of Joe Armstrong ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Armstrong_(programming) ) written 15 years ago. Is there something that's written there that's not true? I'd really like if Robert Virding can tell us some insider's stories. I remember also reading Armstrong's 1990 paper "Erlang - An Experimental Telephony Programming Language" where it's written "Erlang is a programming language designed for prototyping concurrent real-time distributed applications." That fits with the "simulator" application from the later paper and also fits to the "research" concept of the language. I'd be also glad to hear where Erlang beats other languages in run-time performance (not in the aspect of "it's nicer to write in it"). I'd thank Robert Virding or anybody else for that. Not just Flash -- it's an all-platforms Flash and all-platforms Reader vulnerability plus the Flash exploit for Windows in the wild! I beleive we can soon expect Reader exploits too. > Users (...) are already struggling with a graphically-based conceptual model of computers and the Internet, so showing them a flashing console cursor where they can type dozens of commands is just too much of a mind-blowing conceptual leap. I don't agree. Any user that writes anything on the computer (I exclude the ones who don't know to use the keyboard) expects to be able to type something in the computer and that the computer gives meaningful results. The success of Google proved that. It also proved another thing: where to type must be clear and obvious and the results must match the expectations. There's one obvious reason for the difference: AMD's top graphics card needs up to 300W alone (not counting the CPU power). http://www.amd.com/us/products/desktop/graphics/ati-radeon-h... The maximum TDP for the Sandy Bridge ( for CPU and GPU together !) is 95W: http://www.anandtech.com/show/3922/intels-sandy-bridge-archi... And there are of course many additional trade-offs once you design for the limited power consumption and overall complexity of the chip. It's obvious why the public is divided: if you feed them (through the media) with the "debates" and "disputes" where "each side has to be represented" you're sending a signal: "there's 50% chance of X and 50% chance of not X." Average that then across the population and don't be surprised that you'll have almost 50% of people believing X and 50% of people believing not X. If any media would make fair representation, they'd have to host for example 1000 scientists for one side and one (where they'd also have to constantly note that that one is typically not qualified in the area he disputes) for another (or even 10K scientists for one side and one for another etc.) That wouldn't make nice "debates" to sell advertising minutes or brag about the number of the viewers! When you argue alone with the fool most won't see the difference. Note also that the better title would be "The Unqualified Skeptics..." MS should be smart enough to make the best RDP client (the app to connect to Windows machine) for iPhone with the best encryption. And to work with XP too. Also forget the "effects" that are not good over the wire. The goal is the best possible experience when the desktop is accessed remotely. Rationale: There are enough people that need the power of the Windows based computer (power means the software developed in all these years) but who want to access their desktops from iPhone. Even if iPhone is the competitor, if you allow users to use your system from it the users will be more committed to the desktop Windows platform then if they have to look for the new solutions for everything. http://www.jwz.org/hacks/mork.pl # In Netscape Navigator 1.0 through 4.0, the history.db file was just a # Berkeley DBM file. You could trivially bind to it from Perl, and # pull out the URLs and last-access time. In Mozilla, this has been # replaced with a "Mork" database for which no tools exist. # # Let me make it clear that McCusker is a complete barking lunatic. # This is just about the stupidest file format I've ever seen. # # http://www.mozilla.org/mailnews/arch/mork/primer.txt # http://jwz.livejournal.com/312657.html # http://www.jwz.org/doc/mailsum.html # http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=241438 # # In brief, let's count its sins: # # - Two different numerical namespaces that overlap. # # - It can't decide what kind of character-quoting syntax to use: # Backslash? Hex encoding with dollar-sign? # # - C++ line comments are allowed sometimes, but sometimes // is just # a pair of characters in a URL. # # - It goes to all this serious compression effort (two different # string-interning hash tables) and then writes out Unicode strings # without using UTF-8: writes out the unpacked wchar_t characters! # # - Worse, it hex-encodes each wchar_t with a 3-byte encoding, # meaning the file size will be 3x or 6x (depending on whether # whchar_t is 2 bytes or 4 bytes.) # # - It masquerades as a "textual" file format when in fact it's just # another binary-blob file, except that it represents all its magic # numbers in ASCII. It's not human-readable, it's not hand-editable, # so the only benefit there is to the fact that it uses short lines # and doesn't use binary characters is that it makes the file bigger. # Oh wait, my mistake, that isn't actually a benefit at all. # # Pure comedy. Note that it's an "user drags something in the UI and we measure something" benchmark, so it's potentially suspicious if the things measured are comparable at all in different runs and browsers. For example, in games, frames per seconds are measured under basic assumption that the game has the mode in which there's no limit the increase of frames per second other than the speed of rendering and that that mode is always identically reproducible. Are we sure about that here? And as others noted, they are using the old version of Opera, 10.53 instead of 10.62 which is current. It seems that Jeff didn't try to read: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use Otherwise he would see how easily his 90 seconds segment of the film can't be treated as the fair use: "In 1985, the U.S. Supreme Court held that a news article's quotation of approximately 300 words from former President Gerald Ford's 200,000 word memoir was sufficient to constitute an infringement of the exclusive publication right in the work" See: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1702783 It was already ruled by the U.S. Supreme Court that 300 words taken from 300 words from 200,000 word material IS an infringement. That's only 0.15 %. Here if the movie was 2 hours and he took 1.5 minutes, that's 1.25 %. I agree about that case. However back to the wikipedia Fair Use article: "(...) the quantity or percentage of the original copyrighted work that has been imported into the new work. In general, the less that is used in relation to the whole, e.g., a few sentences of a text for a book review, the more likely that the sample will be considered fair use." and regarding the use of samples: "Samples now had to be licensed, as long as they rose "to a level of legally cognizable appropriation."" His 90 seconds clip of the movie is the 100% of his video "creation" and is also a clearly "recognizable sample." Finally "To justify the use as fair, one must demonstrate how it either advances knowledge or the progress of the arts through the addition of something new." It's really hard for him to claim fair use, knowing how fair use is judged in court practice. There's huge difference in our idea of fair and what's considered "fair use" in the current law practice, which makes precedence. I fully agree that based on that case we can't establish the unique amount of percentage of the material. But also note how little of material can be considered infringement: The article I linked contains much more criteria than Jeff presented and has even more dramatic quote: in music "samples now had to be licensed, as long as they rose "to a level of legally cognizable appropriation."" I can imagine that for usage of the video material the court can be as much restrictive as for music. I think UK was also the last in Europe to use chips on the cards, which, as far as I know, are the French invention. I remember using their specialized cards with chips there twenty years ago only to make some phone calls. By the way a lot of elementary security issues with cards are there because all the mechanisms still have to allow Americans to use their magnetic stripes, allowing simple tricks with them that would otherwise not be possible. On another side, chips are no silver bullet when it comes to the security. There are a lot of possible attacks, just some specific set of them would be excluded by only having chips. So no matter how it's popular among the geeks, the real-life solutions to real life problems are not purely technological and probably will never be. Still, as I live in Europe, I'd personally like to have the cards without the magnetic strip. Yes, karma affects things. It's an instant feedback. So you can adjust to it. It's supposed to have a positive effect, and I believe it has, but the negative is: I've already learned that going "with the crowd" can get you more than trying to argument against the popular belief. Going against guarantees to give you some minus values even if you follow all the rules and contribute to the discussion (that is you're not going off-topic). I guess we can generalize things and say that the life is the same, you just can't argue that the condoms are good among the Catholics. So I have personally already also learned that how I'd be able to get more karma: say positive things about Python in post about Python, about Erlang in post about Erlang, about Lisp in posts about Lisp, etc. As Scott Adams would say "we're just meat robots." As long as people react so, the people are not only train not to troll, but also not to discuss against, just to "join our righteous crusades and fight the infidels." Yes it's the extremely interesting article by a blind Linux user who writes: "I have seen a lot of technology for the blind, and I can safely say that the iPhone represents the most revolutionary thing to happen to the blind for at least the last ten years." What we developers should note is "Applications have the same issues with accessibility as with any graphical environment. Apple has done a good thing by making guidelines available for app developers, which I passionately urge them to follow. Any blind computer user has run up against these problems in Windows, Mac, or in Gnome. These include unlabeled buttons and fields, unreachable controls except through annoying means, or in extreme cases complete inaccessibility." The work which uses it: Improved User Authentication in Off-The-Record Messaging Chris Alexander, Ian Goldberg http://www.cypherpunks.ca/~iang/pubs/impauth.pdf And I believe that it was good that the boys are never described much (contrary to Weingarten's disappointment at the discovery of that). It's not a bug but a feature -- it allows the readers to identify with the boys more not less! I've read a bunch of Perry Mason books as I was very young and I remember that none of the main characters was described much. I believed even then that it's good so. I was able to imagine them as I'd like them to look like. It's easy to understand where the annoyance comes from. There's a big difference between comparing a "good written" flash thing which you make yourself and having the flash enabled while browsing the web. With first you can demonstrate Flash's superiority, with the second you're picking up all the incompetent code written by anybody and almost 100% of it is used only to make something totally unimportant just moving to get an attention from you. When we consider Flash as the content delivery mechanism and not the movement based attention taker we're left only with videos and games on the web. But both should be optimized for mobile. For video, transcoding is needed. For games, better writing them native. Would blocking canvas be even enough? Or would we need "HTML5 block" to avoid constant annoyance? And what's going to happen on all these devices where we can't install extensions? That's why I intend to use Opera Mini as long as it works. > I have content hosted there too Can you please or anybody else explain me why you see any added value of scribd at all? I see it only as an annoyance. If I'd like to read a pdf I'd prefer to click on the link and read it, not to go to some suspicious site which demands from me to sign up there only to do what otherwise would be one single click. As far as I know the only "advantage" of the service was to make content infringement easier (a site for documents which is like youtube was for videos), and that the site owners expect people to pay for access to it is hardly surprising. But I like other mechanisms more. My suggestion for everybody who is the owner of his own documents and wants to upload them: host them as the normal files on the normal sites, unless you do want people to pay for access to them. Yes, before you invest, just think of the chances of becoming an owner of the 10-second version of ChatRoulette. Yes, once you start to "promote" yourself your personality becomes "public" and different privacy conditions start to apply to you. Don't be surprised of the effects. Post "papers of other documents": You can upload them on your free web account (like, Google Sites)? Unless you don't have the right to distribute the documents, they will remain there. Embed: Who really needs embedded PDF? What for? To have it harder to read? Just give me the plain link, thank you. Hosting: See the first paragraph. OK, anybody knows some better reason? Can anybody please tell me why does HN actively support such a site? I see jasonlotito, you write about the main article author. As far as I understood, he tried to use the free university hosting but it was for him "cumbersome" to upload there and to follow the stats. His added values were only easier upload and easier following of the number of "reads." Note however that he does "self publishing" experiment. Enough readers here would be able to make him one click upload script in less than 10 minutes. Ditto for parsing the logs. I don't feel sorry for him for choosing scribd and feeling how he feels now. Google Sites won't forbid you the access once you're not on your university. For case of stopping providing the services, take as the example Geocites -- it took a decade for them to stop hosting, and the only victim were the long forgotten and deserted pages. On another side, there is still content I uploaded on Tripod at least ten years ago, for which I forgot my passwords years ago. If years of free hosting are not enough for you, then you have to pay for the hosting and have a bit more control. But even the hosting site to which you pay can go out of business. Nothing is forever, you just have to maintain your online content if you want to have control over it. I'm still curious to learn about the advantages of scibd. I admit I don't know why most users use it. With enough ideas or usage scenarios, maybe somebody will make something better! I think it was just about "gaming Google" -- at some point the links to pages on scribd had higher ranks than original pdfs. I consider that more like successful spamming of Google search than long-term feature. How is it now? Do they still have higher rank? I'd consider than that a bug in Google ranking. For displaying files on the disk it's actually patented. http://www.patentstorm.us/patents/5987469.html Estimated Expiration Date: May 13, 2017 The rest of my line that you omitted when quoting the start of it was: "I admit I don't know why most users use it." Note: most users. If you can't answer, please restrain from trying to make a conflict. The responses like "embed," or "ease of upload," or "read statistics" are actually useful! I'd really like more of such answers, but your answer is both unusable and insulting. When I commented on some of the features mentioned it's only because I want to hear something "yes feature A is easy but there is also the advantage B" etc. The argument that you can post to scribd and worry less that it will become inaccessible compared to when you upload it to some other site is what scribd themselves already proved to be false. In most development scenarios you are actually interested to know which patents can potentially get you sued so please explain how exactly is the awareness of the patent existence of the disadvantage to you. Actually a lot of very successful products bet on users being lazy, and a lot of very profitable industries intentionally keep the customers as ignorant as possible. Both assumptions are common and valid business strategies. I'd very much like to know why it wasn't easier for him to simply write a Python code that doesn't use anything not existing in 2.4. Just because he downloaded to his computer whatever later version he likes he can't expect from all distros and all users to have exactly the same version across of all the currently running computers, it's more than unrealistic, it's simply impossible and always will be. Why is it "simply unacceptable" to produce the code to the least common denominator? Anything that is successful must have more versions in the installed base. You can target a single version of something only if it's not used at all. It seems too much developers live in "Everybody must have that what I have" world. I haven't tried myself, but I can't believe Python changed that much that you can't write the plain Python code to the least common denominator of versions >= 2.4. If you have the specific examples why you can't I'd like to know them. Edit: I've rechecked, he actually mentions 2.2 as the lowest version he saw, still I believe it doesn't change too much. The config file written in the subset of Python, the only thing users would have to touch, hasn't changed! (edit: see http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1712269 ) He just changed how the file is processed, by implementing in C what would be certainly easier to implement in Python 2.4, (edit: 2.2) the lowest version he mentions. If he insisted that users install Python 3.1 only to run his config script and they complained, I don't blame them. If he had users that haven't had Python at all, then I fully understand what he did. But then he can't blame distros and users for not having the latest and greatest Python version, it's just about the existence of Python on the target platform. In his particular case, he certainly was not missing the newer Python modules as he was able to write a "small" C-only replacement. That what he wrote in C would certainly be easier to write in Python 2.4 (or 2.2) Did you understand that he wrote the big C program just to process a small file with the syntax as in the following example (taken from his own file): main = Server( chroot="./", hosts = [mongrel2] ) settings = {"zeromq.threads": 1} mimetypes = {".txt": "text/plain"} servers = [main] Where do you get "no one will ever use them" from? We're talking about the darned config script which the guy first wrote in Python and then discovered that he would have to write the processing of that file in the lower version of Python than he blindly used or to use C. And he decided to use C, I still haven't read anywhere why exactly. The platforms upgrades have their own dynamic. But you just shouldn't be surprised that somebody who has the server running for years doesn't want to install the latest Python only to process one config script. Not more not less. Thanks berntb! That's a perfect tip for a new submission: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1712404 The DarkPAN matters "There is currently some FUD going about in some parts of the Perl community about why we should break Perl 5 backwards compatibility. A short blog entry, schmarkpan, is a good example of the trend: loud, noisy, but clueless and devoid of any content." However your replies started with your response "That's simply unacceptable" to my "I'd very much like to know why it wasn't easier for him to simply write in Python 2.4" You mentioned (in this context actually OT) Django much later. And I still don't know if he tried adjusting his already existing Python code to simply be backwards compatible -- he never mentions that, neither why that would be a problem in his particular case. Regarding Django, see the other replies here about side-by-side installations, it's more than reasonable if you have something big which always runs, but not reasonable for a small config script used once. See also https://www.socialtext.net/perl5/index.cgi?history Perl 5 was released in 1994. The current production version of Perl is 5.12. You can really consider Perl 5 as something very, very stable by now. There's big difference: those who care actually develop Perl (like, they maintain the C kernel of the language etc.), and those that don't just use Perl and just make noise and are clueless outsiders looking for attention. Edit: I don't count as outsiders or anything anybody who is a Perl contributor and has his own opinion! Not everybody is supposed to have same opinion, and even when people do cooperate it's a part of the process! My personal belief is still that Perl 5 aged more gracefully than a lot of projects! My count is 4636 lines, and I can imagine much. much smaller Python 2.3 code: ast.c 115 ast.h 45 cli.c 482 cli.h 31 cli.rl 143 commands.c 498 commands.h 5 config_file.c 193 config_file.h 27 constants.c 82 constants.h 14 lexer.c 360 lexer.rl 121 linenoise.c 433 linenoise.h 40 m2sh.c 27 mimetypes.csql 851 parser.c 1074 parser.h 15 parser.y 69 token.c 11 Oh, sorry! I wanted to refer only to the guy who wrote the schmpan text who apparently wasn't contributor but was making noise! I immediately withdraw my claim and beg for forgiveness from everybody who does contribute but have the opposite opinion! I fully agree with you that this is more than tiny for a C project, but it can be big compared to a small script. I also develop/maintain the projects measured in zipped megabytes (where I don't even have a wish to try to wait to count the lines!) I only compared it to some script solution. You're right, 600 lines more or less are irrelevant. I just thought you're measuring something else as I saw the total of 1000 instead of 4000. Still it is all tiny for a real C program. I also think that the C solution is more portable than the dependence on any version of Python. I also cross-compiled the code for 32 MB RAM mipsel platforms and I agree that only C dependencies are better than any script language dependencies (not counting shell, when it's carefully written). But I actively use both Perl and Python so I'd still really like to know what was lacking in Python 2.2 or 2.3 or 2.4, of course only in case you already knew that you were to have any Python on the target computer. But then if you couldn't expect to have any Python, then the fact that distros still use older versions wasn't of much relevance. Thank you. I'd still like to know how can you as the developer and your software survive in either scenario (with or without knowing that you infringe) it the patent covers the basic functionality of your software? Did you by any chance have the users who haven't had any Python installed? > It's fairly circular: A free hosting service did something you don't like? Maybe you should have tried a free hosting service. What you failed to recognize was that the nature of the scribd service and the web hosting services I suggested was always fundamentally different and that was visible even then when you claim that they were "the same." There's no free web hosting service that demands visitors to register to deliver them the web content(!) Scribd always immediately made your original material inaccessible and counted on visitors to sign up just to deliver it to them! So scribd was so obviously worse from the start. After the current development everybody sees that (you write "In hindsight this is true. However, prior to this "proof", it wasn't true.") but even if you wasn't able to see the difference "in context of the original poster" that doesn't give you the rights to behave how you did. I don't blame the interent, I blame you for making insults instead of trying to argument, but I still won't call you names, even if you deserve it for continuing to do what you do in the post I reply. No, I am not the native speaker but I still believe that's irrelevant to your bad behavior, except if you claim that subtle hints to somebody not being native speaker additionally annoy you, that still doesn't show you in better light. By having mmap you avoid copying from the kernel RAM space to the user RAM space, mmap makes both sharing the same chunk, therefore the restriction for the thing being mmapable. If you don't allow mmap the system will certainly have to copy between kernel and user memory (in both directions with separate read and write calls). Classic read and write pointer can have any address, it doesn't have to be a multiple of kernel page size or whatever. Is OS supposed to implicitly do a new "hidden" mmap whenever it sees an address that's multiple of the page size? And to do the lookups for matching chunk still mmaped for every write? How long are you going to keep such relations at all in the system with more reads and writes in progress? I don't see how that concept can be made efficient, and Pike doesn't actually explain in the post how he'd do it. sendfile looks ugly and inelegant but solves a real problem. > And somehow make sure the loneliness doesn't spread I went to the first meeting of loners but it was canceled due to insufficient attendance. > Why? I wrote about mmap in the context of separate write and read calls (i.e. no senddata call exists), not in the context of senddata. I use Asus WL 500GP with Oleg's firmware http://oleg.wl500g.info/ , http://code.google.com/p/wl500g/ Learning how to cross compile my own programs for it using http://www.nslu2-linux.org/ was a worthy experience. It's amazingly slow producing the cross compiling environment. It's tricky. I experienced the effect of http://xkcd.com/456/ I'd say it's stupid. I'm sure that most of the content doesn't need JavaScript to provide the functionality, it's only a typical example of the "developers" being lazy ("everybody must have that what I have" syndrome). The "you need JavaScript" should only appear for the interactive segments that do need it, not for the whole sites. Second, their servers already got my browser identification through my http query, so presenting the table with all old browsers is also very stupid. Stallman made free Emacs, then free GCC. He hasn't managed to make the widely usable free kernel at the time, but he prepared everything but that, which made possible for GNU licensed Linux kernel to become the part of the whole free system. It's an immense feat. Some other important dates: March 1985 -- The GNU Manifesto http://www.gnu.org/gnu/manifesto.html 22 Mar 87 -- first release of GCC http://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/History There were the problems with the license for some years. http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/plan-nine.html Once it became "free" it had too little functionality. There's too little of the software and it's not so easy to port the existing Unix/Linux software: http://plan9.bell-labs.com/wiki/plan9/porting_alien_software... Moreover, very, very little of the hardware is supported. As far as I understand, behind the "LibreOffice" will be the non-profit "Document Foundation" and that's already a lot -- the better legal position and he companies can better relate to it or commit to support it -- companies simply need other company-like entities. Most of the texts with "gray on white" are very hard to read on my monitor. I know that on bad LCD monitors gray is easier to read, but not everybody has bad monitors. So generally regarding light gray texts, one more example of "everybody has what I have." Regarding the article: a lot of painters used black too. Even more printers. Don't you think that the books would be printed with gray or colored ink if that would be more readable? I'm sure enough experiments have shown that it just isn't. The arguments are very suspicious. The major question is then: should the text be adjusted for the people who read or for the people who don't. I believe that super-high contrast and too bright screens are more common among the people who watch videos and photos or play games more than read the texts on the screen. Wrong, SSL was developed by Netscape, including v2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security#SSL_ve... http://www.mozilla.org/projects/security/pki/nss/ssl/draft02... at that moment it was referred to as 0.2 though. I can't say for other entries, I see you have still some open claims, and that you edited the first version of your post where "SSLv2" was presented as a MSFT invention! Still, SSL as the technology really doesn't deserve to be at the list where MSFT is to be credited. It was fully designed by Netscape and the "less bits" (weaker) crypto was enforced by U.S. Do you know any more details about when and how MS was able to use 128-bits before Netscape? Or was it at the time when Netscape was already "mostly dead"? Can't that be the case with some other entries you give? I happened to know about SSL, that's why I mentioned that -- "wrong" was about your SSL claim, not about others. Anybody knows how the 128 bits in the addresses are really going to be allocated? If everybody gets "lower 64-bit for a subnet," and every device simply considers that it should allow that the subnet is whatever is a slave of it, we end up using only the upper part, and then if you again give big chunks of upper 64 bits to different entities like it happened with IPv4, there's still real chance that even if the space is big it remains inefficient, especially if upper 64 bits are separated to encode some special assumptions about routing or whatever. Is there any text about this whole subject, which just doesn't brag that 128 bits is "a lot?" Only if there are no distribution rules in upper 64 bits, which is not going to happen. That's why I'd like to know the planned allocation process. Do you know anything about it? I posted my question to get exactly that info. So do you actually know that every ISP exactly gets /32? Can you point to some material about that? I'm still asking for some exact information. How much the /48 is larger is again what I don't care as I can calculate that easily but it doesn't mean anything in how it's to be used. The relevant piece is: "5 RIRs, /23 to /12, smallest gets 512 /32 blocks, one per ISP, ISP divides into 64K /48 blocks, typically one for each customer" It's obvious that the "customer" here is not "every man on Earth" or "every phone" but probably should be something like the smaller ISP or the big company. The lower 64 bits are it seems effectively "unique device id." So the idea is to use upper 64 bits to fix the location of the device and lower 64 to address the device. And yes, I think I've understood that the "device id" (lower 64-bits) doesn't have to be fixed and encoded in hardware. The smallest RIP is probably Africa, and if it has /23 and if magamiako is right: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1743268 and every /48 goes to every home user, that means that you can't ever have more than 33 million home users in Africa! (512 * 64 * 1024) The 33 million limit is why for me seemed "obvious" that /48 doesn't go to "every man on Earth." Does anybody know something more exact than what's written in Wikipedia article? Some real example how the space is going to be distributed? That was why I started this thread, and sadly still most of the answers are hand-waving "it's big, don't care," even if that doesn't carry any real information. As far as I know quantum physicists already proved that there can be no "forces and processes" which can make quantum physics effects predictable. Einstein didn't believe in that, but it was proved. I can also believe it's "in progress." I wanted to know more about the picture tagged as "First Lisp Interpreter." Checking the link revealed that it is amazingly to the dynamic(?) Facebook(!) resize of: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Steve_Russell-PDP-1-2... (So it's Steve Russell in the front of the PDP-1) and I wouldn't expect the Facebook service to be used in the final version. They however got a small, just 50% speedup, which doesn't sound like any static types were really used. They'd be able to get something like 100 times faster FPU calculations, for example if they'd knew the variable is only used as the number and nothing else. I know that factor since I measured the overhead of CPython in FPU calculations, and you can also see http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32q/benchmark.php?test=al... . I guess they call everything that would be called for each variable reference in CPython (including checks like "is this a string or a number or...") and that they save more or less just in having the calls encoded one after another, and maybe some internal arguments needed for that, but not in knowing the types. I also vote for a plant, as the second mentioned name is Guava and there is "The Chilean Guava (Ugni molinae, also called Myrtus ugni or Eugenia ugni)" see: http://www.strangewonderfulthings.com/206.htm I can't repeat your results with 16bpp ImageMagick, with -quality 0 I get from 468K then 267K. How have you got 72K? I don't know why trying to reach real-time speeds with Python. At the moment it's really a slow language. According to my measurements is JavaScript at the moment the fastest "typeless" scripting language: the engine in Firefox can be up to 200 times faster than Python. There's also a command-line version. If you refer to http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/luajit.php my answer is: maybe. As far as I understand the JavaScript benchmarks there were made before the most recent speed improvements (JaegerMonkey, present in Firefox 4 beta). In my simple tests, the speed in some loops can reach the speed of C, with the times better than LuaJIT. Still, LuaJIT is easier to obtain and run, as far as I know. It's true that Numpy is much faster. I believe there's a lot of native code in Numpy and once we consider the libraries encoded in C, any language can be as fast as any other, as soon as we can offload enough to the libraries (for example, Perl has also some official C extension mechanisms: http://perldoc.perl.org/h2xs.html and even old Visual Basic was able to call DLL's written in C). However, I'd really like if at least something that's now a part of Numpy (which I believe is now even more a language extension than a library) would become the part of the Python language. Thanks! LuaJIT really rules in the shootout. The tests I've done were only inside of Firefox 4 Beta and I've got 3.4 sec for 5M n-body on my slightly (30%) faster computer. I remember that traditionally the standalone builds of Mozilla JS were not giving the same results as the one in the browser. A message for Mozilla devs, in case anybody reads: be aware that people do try to measure how fast JS is from the command line and let them get the really last results! And use http://shootout.alioth.debian.org if you want to fundamentally improve your implementation of JS. I'd also like to know. At the time as first JIT functioned in the browser I wasn't able to download the sources which really did JIT on Linux in the command line. I wouldn't be surprised that now again the latest speedup in the browser is not repeatable in the command line for most of the people. Still absurd. The steps apparently: 1) Buy the computer which includes the price of the OEM license (and with the version which also doesn't ask you for the license key) 2) Try to get the money back for the OEM license (edit: AFAIK you can do this only if you never try to use the computer until that point). 3) Carry the computer to the Windows Store 4) Buy there the more expensive license, with which you have to type in the license key whenever you do a reinstall (well, of course, why not paying more to have it harder to use). 5) Let the MS store guys "apply the Signature configuration to it." 6) Whenever you want to reinstall your dearly paid Windows (in money and the time spent), go to step 3) (carrying your whole computer!) convince the guys there you did the step 4) and that you don't want to do it again to make them do the step 5) And they actually have the nerve to write: "Microsoft Signature Upgrade: It’s a great way to make your PC experience even better." Brought to you by the company that gave you Windows Vista. ...and not good enough to play the Feynman lectures billg bought and now serves in the Silverlight-only form. I think the reason is that there's no DRM handling in Moonlight. I expect that a lot of Silverlight content will remain inaccessible in Moonlight. We are talking here about the "Microsoft Signature Upgrade" -- not the "Microsoft Signature on any PC purchased from the Microsoft Store." Check the main article again. So I guess we can thank Bill Gates for personally financing ("Tuva project: powered by Silverlight") the nice argument to avoid Moonlight and Silverlight: there's still the DRM (not included in Moonlight) to worry about. Even if he fixes the mentioned site, I hope the awareness remains.