Another Google data point: Steve Yegge ported Ruby on Rails to JavaScript because Google works in only 4 languages... C++, Java, Python, and JavaScript. http://www.iunknown.com/2007/06/steve-yegge-por.html Legos. The "I'm feeling lucky" button is far more useful than it first appears, I find it invaluable (well, the backend function that supports the button, at least) I use it to quickly get to the [usually] most relevant Wikipedia page using the custom search bars in Safari (via Inquisitor) and Firefox: http://tlrobinson.net/blog/?p=3 It's cool that NYT is releasing some of their code as open source projects, but I'm not sure I understand this particular project. The first thing I thought of when I heard "SQL" and "JSON" in the same sentence was "oh please don't let this be some client side JavaScript SQL thing"... it basically exposes your database as a HTTP service: you send it SQL in a HTTP request and it returns JSON in a HTTP response. Where's the authentication? What's stopping someone from doing " http://myserver.com:9090/db?DROP%20TABLE%20articles " or something? Great! I've been attempting to develop iPhone applications using the unofficial toolchain, but it hasn't been easy considering the complete lack of documentation and smorgasboard of new/different frameworks. While, in some respects, it's very similar to programming on Mac OS X with Objective-C and some of the same Cocoa frameworks, the interface frameworks are completely different. It will be nice to get an Apple supported solution. viewbug? I feel dirty using anti-aliased monospaced fonts in shells and text editors. Apparently there's no good way to turn off anti-aliasing in Eclipse on OS X, which drove me absolutely nuts, but this guy came up with a genius (but ugly) hack to fake it: http://www.partlyhuman.com/blog/roger/aliased-text-mac-eclip... You use variable width fonts for programming?! I just hope I never have work on the same code with you. There's just so many cases where having monospaced font is useful and easier to read when dealing with code. My university (USC) set up a system like this after the Virginia Tech tragedy. It includes email, cell phone / voicemail, SMS, and pagers. wikipedia? http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Fundraising A common misconception is that Moore's "law" states that processor speed will double every 18 months or so. That's incorrect. In fact, Moore said that the NUMBER of transistors on a processor would double roughly every 18 months. It turns out that they are correlated, since smaller transistors means both faster transistors and more transistors per unit of area. My point is that more processor cores require more transistors, and thus the end of Moore's Law also means the end of more processor cores (ignoring things like architectural advancements or more but less powerful cores) That said, I do agree that we will see an increasing number of cores, at least for awhile. First of all, it's important to have an OS that efficiently manages the cores and the applications that run on them. This automatically benefits everyone who runs multiple applications on a multi-core machine, since each application gets a larger slice of time and fewer context switches. Multiple cores could also eliminate dedicated components like GPUs which would bring down the cost of low end machines. As far as programming languages go, I hear Erlang is good for concurrency, though I've never used it. I think Tim O'Reilly summed it up pretty well: "If a company needs to identify itself as a "Web 2.0" company rather than describing the problem they are solving, or the opportunity they are creating, then they are just playing the buzzword game, and aren't worth investing in." Some of the ideas of "Web 2.0" are definitely worth pursuing, but those alone aren't a replacement for a legitimately good business idea. Honestly, there's a lot of fluff out there under the "Web 2.0" name, and I think that's what Kleiner wants to stay away from. I think the biggest thing is that cheap != easy Sure, you can write good software with a cheap Pc and entirely free software, and there may be very little equipment costs compared to other industries. But that doesnt make it EASY. I'm sorry, but no one has the right to compare themselves to Steve Jobs. In programming languages every character is just as important as every other character (on average), so each character should get the same amount of space. For example, looking at this: http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/images/programming-fonts-2-... ...the "!" in the conditional is squished into about 3 pixels, but it has just as much importance as any other character, if not more. Glancing at this code you might not even notice it. In normal text it is also important, but would appear at the end of a sentence, which would be hard to miss...but wedged in there between the "(" and "O" it gets lost. Another example is trying to line up things. This is sort of a style preference, but sometimes I like doing things like this: float percent = 0.4f; int width = 640, height = 480; char flag = 'A'; Now, when I typed that the text field was using a monospaced font and everything was lined up perfectly. Chances are, you're viewing it with a variable width font... is it lined up? Not really. (edit: ok in this case multiple whitespace characters are converted to a single point but you get the idea) What about this: float percent = 0.4f; int width = 640, height = 480; char flag = 'A'; Much nicer, eh? Variable width fonts are optimized for readability of free flowing text like books, articles, etc. Code is highly structured, and lining things up and that sort of thing can help the readability. Can you give me cases where variable width font in code is better? I mostly agree with this, except I also think it's pretty important to have at least one other co-founder... but it's even more important for you to be able to trust and work well with those co-founder(s). Going out and finding some random dude that you don't know or trust to be a co-founder for the sake of having a co-founder seems like a huge gamble and just a bad idea. Does it use Markdown? I guess there's one way to find out... emphasis strong This is an H1 ============= This is an H2 ------------- ### This is an H3 ###### [Y Combinator]( http://www.ycombinator.com ) Nope, just similar I guess... My best piece of advice... 10 minutes goes by really fast. My psych major friend is working on a theory that procrastinators have naturally low levels of endorphins, so they subconsciously use the stress of procrastination to raise those levels. I thought that was a pretty fascinating theory. Yeah I thought the two were mutually exclusive... Perhaps this comment on the Uncov article explains it: "subtext: persai is going to launch soon...crap, better start making some friends" My university had the usual ACM algorithmic programming contests, but the ACM and UPE (CS honor society) student groups also put on other "alternative" programming contests, which I found more fun. Last year they had a 24 hour programming contest to make the best app based around a certain theme... "a series of tubes": http://uscp24.com/ My team made a crime tracking web app for my school, which had nothing to do with tubes except we called it TOOBS: http://toobs.tlrobinson.net/ This year they're doing a two day contest called "Code for a Cause" where teams make accessibility software for the disabled: http://ss12.info/ What happened to the quite simple idea of me giving money to an ISP in return for unfettered access to the Internet? Oh, that's right... ISPs oversell bandwidth in the hope that most people don't [try to] saturate their connections. Then when they do, the ISPs come up with b.s. excuses like piracy to throttle customer's connections. I'm not saying piracy isn't a problem, but the ISP's job is to [p]rovide [I]nternet [s]ervice, not decided what I should or shouldn't be able to do on the Internet. Why am I not surprised that a Perl programmer feels that he's too good for syntax highlighting? That said, I do like some of his alternative highlighting ideas. Maybe someone can hack together something with svn/cvs, etc. You're forgetting one thing that every software company office needs: whiteboards Don't bother with real whiteboards, they're expensive... just get 4' x 8' sheets of white tileboard from Home Depot for $13. Huge and cheap. I even got one for my room at home. Credit goes to this page: http://www.kk.org/cooltools/archives/000679.php Fight the urge to go with one of those logo factories that churns out dozens of rehashed logos. It's a waste of money. Correlation != Causation It drives me crazy when I hear stories about "Children who [play an instrument / listen to classical music / have a pet] are smarter than average". While that itself may be true, the implication that one causes the other most likely isn't. It's far more likely that a kid is smart AND plays an instrument or listens to classical music because their parents foster that sort of environment. If your kid is dumb, making him listen to classical music isn't going help. There was a great Penn and Teller "Bullshit!" episode about this: http://www.sho.com/site/ptbs/prevepisodes.do?episodeid=s1/bb My computer science and computer engineering major required a discrete math course (which mostly included combinatorics, set theory, and logic) and probability theory, plus calc 1-3, linear algebra, and diff eq. I also took number theory. Out of all of them, I'd say the discrete math course was the most applicable. It also sort of depends on what area of CS you're interested in. For example, probability / statistics for computer networks, number theory for cryptography, artificial intelligence uses lots of logic (and many others), graph/set theory for general algorithms, geometry for graphics etc. It writes fine, and erases pretty well. It does leave a faint "ghosting", but an occasional wipe with some whiteboard cleaner makes it go away. It's hard to complain for $13. I mean, we covered a whole wall for about $40. Oh no, please don't let Hacker News turn into Ron Paul News... I mean Reddit. I wanted to do something like this a couple months ago but on a larger (although anonymous) scale, but haven't gotten around to it. I live pretty much right at the corner of the 10 and 110 freeways in downtown Los Angeles, two of the busiest freeways in southern California, if not the country/world. The idea was to set up a high gain antenna pointing at the freeway, and track all the thousands, if not millions, of Bluetooth enabled cell phones that pass by every day. Maybe I'm just a sucker for random statistics, but you could get some interesting data, like the relative numbers of phones from different manufacturers (I believe Bluetooth MAC address ranges are tied to manufacturers), traffic stats like the number of cars per minute, or even the speed of the cars determined by the period that a device stays within range. not caffeine I just donated/ordered my OLPC! http://www.laptopgiving.org/ I loved Sim City! I wonder though, how useful is a game that's centered around American type cities to kids in developing countries? Right place, right time. JavaScript, at least up until recently. It definitely got a bad reputation due to it's inappropriate name (trying to jump on the Java bandwagon, nothing to with Java whatsoever), copy/paste JavaScript snippets of the late 90s (giving us exciting features like blinking/scrolling text, fun cursors, etc), ginormous browser inconsistencies, and the use of prototypal inheritance instead of classical inheritance. Hmmm scriptable Sim City... That could be interesting Hmmm scriptable Sim City... That could be interesting you mean cracker? http://valleywag.com/tech/breakdowns/truck-driver-in-texas-k... Who's to say that the two can't be the same? Though I don't think the "winner" won't come from Google. Whoaaaa, double negative, my bad. What I meant to say was "Though I don't think the "winner" will come from Google." I wouldn't call this a "server side GUI"... It's a client side application that happens to be loaded from a server and run within a browser. Gmail's support for IMAP is even sketchier. It's terrible. Perhaps it's because Gmail uses labels rather than folders, it doesn't map well. Also, when I delete a message from the inbox, it doesn't actually delete the freakin message, it just removes it from the inbox. Arggggg. Meebo and Facebook have puzzles too. Why so verbose? Am I the only one who likes concise code? 'pos=solvepuzzle&auth='+(new Date()).getTime() edit: yes, that's milliseconds If it looked something like this you're not done: YWxlcnGZvbGxvd2luZzogQoJ1zZWNyZXQgY29kZSB1zZWNyZXQgGZvbGxvd2luZzogY29pczYioyK== For the first step, yes... but that's just the first step... And actually, I couldn't get curl to work... I'm guessing I wasn't setting the referrer or user agent right or something. Does anyone know of any other job puzzles like this? The only ones I've seen are Facebook and Meebo: http://www.facebook.com/jobs_puzzles/ http://blog.meebo.com/jobs#web It's pretty silly that people keep making a big deal about this guy being a "surfer"... He has a PhD in theoretical physics... and also happens to be a surfer. So what? I plan on using the OLPC XO as an ebook reader. It's got a dual mode screen for full color indoors and grayscale in sunlight outdoors. Since it runs Linux I'm sure it could handle pretty much any format you throw at it, given the right software. $400 (including donation of a laptop to a child), so same price, but can do a hell of a lot more. Plus it looks cool. Plus you're donating a laptop to a child. One week left... http://laptopgiving.org/ You were probably exaggerating, but for reference: public class hello { public static void main(String args[]) { System.out.println("Hello World"); } } Also, I interviewed with a large company that shall remain nameless (probably not who you would expect), and one of the interviewers mentioned that their build system was a MILLION lines of Perl... Without more details I can't be sure, but this sounds like exactly the type of useless Facebook app I would absolutely hate. Yes, the position was for the build team, so I assume maintaining that beast was part of the job. - here - http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/ (programming languages) - http://joel.reddit.com/ (software in general) I once asked a similar question, and someone recommended dreamincode.net ... don't bother... most of the questions are like "what is a boolean?" svn We're using it because it's free, suits our needs fine, and is pretty much the standard these days (especially for open source projects) p.s. you know TortiseSVN is just a Windows client for Subversion, right? Why not? Have you read "1984"? Like industrial systems engineering? At least at my school that was considered the "easy" engineering major. I have a feeling that "liberal science" would tend to be even easier. But if executed well I think it's a good idea. I try to use mine as an ebook reader, but despite the high resolution display it's hard to read for extended periods of time. First of all, I'll say that this (really neat sounding) project doesn't necessarily fall into the following category, the title just reminded me of a pet peeve of mine... I'm always skeptical of the claims of "do this amazing thing in x lines of code" where x is some ridiculously small number. For example, the prototypical 10 minute Ruby on Rails blog, or the 1 line of code WebKit-based web browser. The problem with these things is they make great whiz bang demos, but they really don't take any less code, it's just that you don't have to write that code because it's already written for you and hidden behind a layer of abstraction... which is great, as long as it can also be applied to real world problems, not just little toy demos. Neat, but does this really actually improve web application development (the client side of things)? You still have to deal with HTML and CSS and the DOM. "I have a difficult time seeing the value in an application that can be developed by a first-year computer science student in one weekend." First of all, the value doesn't come from the technology, the value comes from the users. RockYou's applications have millions upon millions of Facebook users, each of which can generate revenue via... advertising! Second, that said, I doubt a first year CS student could write a scalable implementation of Super Wall, etc, that would support said millions upon millions of users. Basically, RockYou is like HotOrNot... not very technologically exciting, but managed to get a critical mass of users. If another company tried to duplicate what HotOrNot or RockYou has done now , they would fail miserably, and believe me, many have tried. You read Joel's Strategy Letter VI, didn't you? This does nothing to abstract away all the nastiness of dealing with browsers. For example, from their introduction, you end up with stuff like this: (html-stream *standard-output* (html (:html (:head (css (* :border "1px solid black") (div.bl0rg :font-family "serif") (("a:active" "a:hoover") :color "black" :size "200%")))))) I was asking about Joel's article because you used the phrase "JS has become your assembly language", which he also mentions. My comment regarding abstracting away browser nastiness was in response to my original comment, "You still have to deal with HTML and CSS and the DOM", which you didn't address. "The idea of abstracting away from the browser entirely seems attractive, but turns out to be impractical once you get to know the problem better." In fact, I know the problem very well, and can tell you that this is simply not true. Unfortunately I can't give you any more details right now, so I'm sure you'll think I'm full of shit. I'll admit that a) I'm biased, and b) I haven't looked at Parenscript in depth, but from what I've seen I don't see it solving any problem well enough to get non-Lisp geeks to use it. http://www.ajaxflakes.com/web-20/top-100-online-generators-w... I challenge someone to create a "web 2.0 generator generator". Or a generator that uses these generators to generate a "web 2.0" site without any interaction from the developer. Not unlike the CS research paper generator that these guys wrote: http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen/ Some of the papers were actually accepted into conferences. Summary: J2EE sucks. Rails, Django, WebGears, and Zope are pretty nice. The problem with this demo is that both examples (hello world, and a time tracking app) are very simple examples. While it's very easy to do simple things in Rails (can't speak for the others), it's still hard to do moderately to very complex things. There's no magic bullet. That said, Rails, etc to make things more fun and take some of the grunt work out. I think the problem is we have two very different solutions to two different problems . Parenscript seems great for the things you're describing, but those are the things I happen to not be interested in. I'll be sure to let you know when we have something more to show, I'd be interested to hear your opinions of it. "Nearly everything is a hash... everything else is an Object" Huh? Objects are basically hash tables/associative arrays in JavaScript... I didn't really read the article, but the title gave me another idea: Type your (potential or existing) password into Google. If you get any hits, it's not a good password. Of course there are exceptions, and just because Google doesn't get any hits doesn't mean it definitely is a good password. But it seems like a decent measure of password security. Please ignore this. The guy who started this whole "why(firefox|digg|etc)isblocked.com" thing is a sleazebag SEO jackass. This is just another publicity stunt of his. It also shows how predictable the Digg users are... if you want a bunch of traffic from Digg, make something to piss off Digg users. Digg: mob mentality at it's finest. The problem is that the patent system is a) broken and b) very abused. It's at the point where companies will go out and patent everything they possibly can, in order to protect themselves . Then, when company A decides to sue company B for patent infringement, company B simply finds a patent of theirs that company A is infringing, and they counter-sue then call it even. It's utterly ridiculous, but it's common and considered normal these days. For example, the Qualcomm / Broadcom patent lawsuits. Cisco does the same thing. I don't leave my laptop in my car... I'm just waiting for my laptop to break / get stolen, it would give me a great excuse to buy a new one... (it's a 1.33GHz PowerBook...) Yeah, as far as I'm concerned, the OLPC XO is a far better device than the Kindle. Sure it doesn't have "free" EV-DO for buying ebooks from Amazon, but it runs Linux so you can use any ebook format you want (without paying Amazon). Plus full web browsing and other (basic) desktop apps that you would expect from a low end laptop. ...For the same price as a Kindle ( including a donation of a laptop to a child in a developing nation) Remember, $400 is the cost of two XOs. So really it's more like half the price of a Kindle . Plus as qaexl noted, you're not taking into account inflation, etc. And I do think the Kindle is overpriced. Most. Overused. Rhetorical. Device. Ever. Yes, eval() is much slower than it's call() equivalent. When the iPhone came out I had a great idea to actually implement this... unfortunately there were too many road blocks, the main one being that the carriers don't tell you where the cell towers are. http://tlrobinson.net/blog/?p=24 A company called Navizon ( http://www.navizon.com/ ) has such a product, and they rely on users to wardrive for WiFi and cell towers. cyber-squatters lie somewhere between the scammers and spammers on my internet jackass shitlist. Google's "I'm feeling lucky" feature just takes the first result. If there's an image search API you could just use that, taking the first result. It's really fascinating to see the beginnings of something as huge as Facebook. Is this written by Zuckerberg, or one of the guys suing him for "stealing" Facebook? Is it a journal, or a chat log, or something else? More details plz! +1 for Colloquy on OS X Normally I find Scoble's videos incredibly boring, but these guys have a really neat idea. It's a WiFi enabled platform with a bunch of different plug-in modules (LCD screens, GPS, camera, motion sensor, accelerometer, etc) that you can put together in different interesting ways. It lets people easily build obscure but useful things that would otherwise never get built due to the complexility of building such things. One example they had was a GPS/internet enabled radar detector, that would automatically report the locations of speed traps. Sounds good to me! Interesting. I find it amusing that he went to all the trouble (well, not that much trouble) of using MySQL's spatial database features when the following simple query performed even better: SELECT country_code FROM ip_country WHERE ip_to >= INET_ATON('%s') ORDER BY ip_to ASC LIMIT 1 I voted your comment up because I'm a Trojan, but I have to admit, I somewhat agree with this. I do think its much more applicable to undergraduate students than graduate students though. Any of the non-comparison sorts (radix, bucket, etc) would be good since he specified the elements are integers. http://www.laptopgiving.org/en/shipping-information.php You should get yours between December 17-31, though those dates are "conservative". I ordered mine within a couple minutes of them going on sale, so I'm hoping I get mine before I leave for vacation... Unfortunately at this point the "view/edit source" button is exactly the same as on browsers... view source. It only works for web pages and it's not editable. I think the editable version is in the works. I do think it's a great idea, but I imagine it would be very overwhelming for a kid who has never used a computer before, let alone programmed (in a foreign language, too, most likely). What would be really neat was if in addition to opening the source, it also had some sort of dynamic tutorial that would explain what the kid was looking at. For example, they open up a webpage and it explains the HTML to them. I too plan to use mine as my primary travel laptop. I've realized that 97.482% of the time I'm just coding/web browsing/emailing/chatting, which doesn't require too much horsepower. I also think the XO will make an excellent ebook reader. Screw the Kindle! It will be a pleasant downgrade from the ginormous 17" PowerBook I've been lugging around for the past 4 years. The black and white mode is front lit, not back lit, so it definitely won't work well in the dark. Other than that, I'm not sure, but I'll definitely be interested to try it. Yeah that's what I thought too. Someone on #olpc on irc.freenode.net mentioned it a couple days ago. I do think they're still working on it, it's just not going to be ready right away. So are we taking this to the next level or not? Where's the Reddit/Digg buttons? Neat, but not very practical/useful unless you are very constrained by memory and need a doubly linked list that you will always traverse starting at one end (much like stream ciphers, you can't just jump to the middle, since the next/prev pointer depends on the last one, which depends on the one before that, all the way back to the first) Though I do love the XOR operator, and this just adds one more reason why (like the XOR swap trick http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XOR_swap_algorithm or XOR's extensive use in cryptography). The problem is, yes, there are libraries available for these things, but as far as I can tell they're not usually included or standardized. When I fire up Ruby or Python or whatever I know that most of the things I need are already there, and I don't usually have to go hunting down libraries all over the net. There are just too many options for dialects, libraries, etc. I want one standard Lisp that has all the "expected" things built in so I can focus on programming . Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Warf, Alcatraz, etc if you're into the touristy stuff. The hotels around Union Square are nice and centrally located. Uncov is getting old. It was funny for awhile, but now it just seems like he's being an asshole for the sake of being an asshole. Like the "Web 2.0" version of Maddox. 6. I'm a mediocre programmer at best but could easily write a chess program that, with infinite processing power, would be perfect. Yeah, IF you had infinite processing power, it would be a nearly trivial exhaustive search program. IF I had a way to read my opponents emotions, etc like humans can, then I could write a fairly trivial program to do well at poker. But those are two very big "IF"s. The problem is the two games are very different. Chess is a game of perfect information, where both players know the entire state of the game. Poker is not, plus it has an element of chance. You can't really compare the two. That's the point, it's hard to cheat "average karma per post"... you have to actually have posts that people like and upvote, instead of zillions of crappy posts. Carefully. This is just silly, their top 5 (Yahoo, Facebook, MySpace, Google, and YouTube), just happen to be 5 of THE most trafficked websites on the Web (all in the top 7, according to Alexa). This smells like linkbait. Though I do agree that MySpace is pure evil. What I meant was you can't really compare the "easiness" of the two for humans based how well a computer would do. Computers are theoretically good at chess, and theoretically bad at poker, but that says nothing about how easy or hard the two are for humans. You can't say that A is easier than B for humans just because a computer can do A well but not B. For example, computers are excellent at doing large calculations very fast but terrible at recognizing objects in a scene visually, but humans are the exact opposite. I don't know... delivering 50 pound bags of dog food in the mail just seems like a bad idea... That's just silly. Honorary degrees are just that, honorary , to honor someone. You don't hear people talking about how they received "their degree" from some university when in fact it was actually an honorary degree. I don't feel like my degree is somehow cheapened because my university gives honorary degrees to people who didn't "earn it". Webkinz? Ridiculous. Beauty is subjective, it would be completely unfair to tax people based on such subjective qualities. This is exactly the one big fear I have as I'm beginning my career in software. I really don't want to end up sitting in a cubicle coding boring ass software for the next 40 years... While we're ranting about Sun, my university's old-ish (1990s?) big (8 SPARCs, 32GB RAM) SunOS (before Solaris) time-sharing machine that they have for all the engineering students to do projects on doesn't even have a freakin' Subversion client on it. I spent the better part of an hour trying to compile it before giving up. Shouldn't they be encouraging students to use source control? I guess I take these things for granted. Neat. I've actually been asked at least one of these in a job interview (as a problem solving type question). The "check to see if an integer is a power of two" one, in particular. I'll be very surprised if Microsoft can get anything but a very very stripped down version of XP running on XOs 433MHz processor at any sort of reasonable speed. Maybe it will be based on MinWin: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MinWin And you have some sort of app to reverse this? Almost as good as expertsexchange.com I feel like if either: 1. Given the spelling there isn't one obvious pronunciation of the name or 2. Given the pronunciation there isn't one obvious spelling the name probably isn't he best choice. For those who don't want to read the whole thing, here's the part I found most interesting (though I didn't get through it all either...): In this article, we will survey the new algorithm design method called holographic algorithms. This method uses perfect matching as a basic coding technique to encode computations, and then the FKT-algorithm to carry out the final computation. A particularly innovative idea is to choose a set of linear basis vectors to express and interpret a desired computation. In effect the algorithm is designed to manipulate sums of perfect matchings in superpositions, while the speed up is achieved by cancellations among such "holographic mixes". These holographic algorithms are quite unlike anything before, except perhaps quantum algorithms. At the heart of the computation is a process of introducing and then canceling exponentially many computational fragments. But unlike quantum algorithms, these holographic algorithms produce classical polynomial time algorithms. So far this method has produced some exotic algorithms for problems which were not known to be in P previously, and minor variations of which are known to be NP-complete or NP-hard. The most intriguing question is whether this new theory can lead to any collapse of complexity classes. We contend that our belief of NP != P is based on the sense and experience that the usual algorithmic paradigms are insufficient for NP-hard problems (we don't have strong lower bounds for general models of computation). But does our erstwhile experience apply to these new exotic algorithms? If the answer is no, then it is conceivable that the new methodology may lead to a radically revised conception of P vs. NP. Of course it is quite possible that the theory of holographic algorithms does not in the end lead to any collapse of complexity classes. But even in this eventuality, as Valiant suggested in [54], "any proof of P != NP may need to explain, and not only to imply, the unsolvability" of NP-hard problems using this approach. I wouldn't exactly call that steganography... you could accomplish the same thing by "hiding" data in any URL... Interesting idea though. Dude, where's Eric Raymond?! Q: How many theoretical computer scientists does it take to change a light bulb? A: No one really knows, but it's in the same complexity class as taking out the garbage. (got that one from my algorithms course professor) Neither, if possible. What are you trying to do? But definitely not Java. I guess that leaves Flash. I have to wonder if the attention he gets is because of his age. He certainly wouldn't get away with a lot of the things mentioned in the article if he were, say, 20. It's also annoying that there aren't any unsigned (primitive) data types in Java. You end up doing weird bitwise operations to get the correct results. for example, to convert an unsigned byte to an integer: byte a = (some unsigned byte data); int b = 0xff & a; Ah, so you're one of those people who still thinks Macs are only for artists, your grandma, and stupid people... My laptop, being 4.5 years old, turns out to be a pretty good benchmark of all these Flash based video sites. The good ones aren't choppy, the bad ones are unbearably choppy. This is one of the bad ones... The article states he works for free at the Nike store and others because of child labor laws. "The coding utilizes Amazon EC2 so running costs are low" Uh huh... using EC2 for storage sounds like a bad idea, especially since data on EC2 instances isn't persistent... While I'm sure they meant S3 , you have to wonder about a company that uses them in their product yet still confuses the two. Somewhat misleading title... it doesn't last for 10 years between charges, the total lifespan is 10 years under certain conditions: Toshiba described the Super Charge ion Battery, or SCiB, as a "breakthrough rechargeable battery" that can be fully recharged in five minutes and has a lifespan of more than 10 years if completely run down and recharged once a day. Best websites to view on iPhone's MobileSafari: all of them. Karma? Oops, when I copied that I didn't notice that they had edited the article. It originally read: "The coding utilizes Amazon EC2 for storage so running costs are low," Was that... Knuth?! I think its fairly safe to assume that most news.yc readers who would enjoy xkcd already know about it. I want one! Personally, I don't really care where the comments show up on Google searches. What I do care about is the fact that it took about 30 seconds to sign up and add the Javascript snippet to my site's footer template. It couldn't have been easier. Removing as many hurdles as possible is key. But they aren't duplicated, since the comments show up in a JavaScript generated iframe (although I admit that's not ideal) The Googlebot doesn't execute JavaScript, or count iframe'd pages as part of the original page. If both Disqus and your site used OpenID you would get that for free :) Unfortunately it appears that neither does :( Anyone developing a new website should take the little extra time to support OpenID authentication, it would make the world a better place. However, one nice thing about Disqus (like OpenID) is that you only have to register with Disqus once, and any blog using Disqus can use that one account. The point is the comments aren't indexed as part of your site because they are displayed in an iframe from Disqus's servers. They show up as belonging to Disqus, not you. For really simple sites that don't need a full blown database backed CMS I just use simple PHP includes like the following: Then header.php is just: My Site - and footer.php is just: If you want to get a little fancier you can set up a URL rewriting (like Apache's mod_rewrite) to internally change yoursite.com/section/subsection to yoursite.com/content.php?a=section&b=subection or something, then you can eliminate all the duplicate templates and just have your content files ( make sure you validate the section and subsection names ). Or you could plug in a really simple database. I'm no PHP expert, so if anyone has better ways of doing this kind of thing I'd love to hear it. (actually, I have a question: with this layout it's hard to pass data from included files back up to the templates, like $title above needs to be defined before the header include... is there some trick I'm missing?) "Always", no. For the foreseeable future, yes. Err, yeah I guess just the new comment box is in the iframe, but obviously most web crawlers aren't going to execute the JavaScript that displays existing comments. It sounds like your API addresses this, but as someone mentioned, what about the problem of Google penalizing sites with content showing up in multiple places? Also, generally you can't patent ideas like "multitouch" but rather processes or methods of implementing an idea. Not sure if there's any patents on IR-based input like this, but a quick search didn't turn anything up. Of the people I care about, none use MySpace. I find MySpace incredibly trashy. Unfortunately, I fear Facebook is heading in that direction. Silly Facebook apps are Facebook's equivalent of MySpace users' annoying CSS styles and auto-playing media. I'm going to go ahead and preemptively post xkcd #358: http://xkcd.com/358/ In fact, while I'm at it, here's the next month's worth to save nickb the trouble, since he seems to feel the need to post every new xkcd comic: http://xkcd.com/359/ http://xkcd.com/360/ http://xkcd.com/361/ http://xkcd.com/362/ http://xkcd.com/363/ http://xkcd.com/364/ http://xkcd.com/365/ http://xkcd.com/366/ http://xkcd.com/367/ http://xkcd.com/368/ http://xkcd.com/369/ http://xkcd.com/370/ Other fun ones: http://www.google.com/codesearch?q=0xFEEDFACE http://www.google.com/codesearch?q=0xCAFEBABE http://www.google.com/codesearch?q=0xBADF000D And various permutations (DEADBABE? BABEFACE?) This reminds me of the scene in Garden State where the rich friend who invented silent velcro has a huge mansion with nothing in it. No. Machine Utilization - $0.14 per Amazon SimpleDB Machine Hour consumed Amazon SimpleDB measures the machine utilization of each request and charges based on the amount of machine capacity used to complete the particular request (QUERY, GET, PUT, etc.), normalized to the hourly capacity of a circa 2007 1.7 GHz Xeon processor. I'm all for photographers/artists/etc getting paid for their work, but "her story" is basically her being whiny and greedy: ...has founded a new company called YieldEx, which is still early, but aims to help Web site owners maximize their ad revenue. He's mum on the details, but VentureBeat hears he has $3 million... so these guys expect me to work for free? Are they serious? How much does she expect to get paid for a low resolution photo shown for a fraction of a second in a silly web video ? http://www.killnine.com/comics/15.php I think the point is that ground work is in place for future plans that will make use of such features. Whether such things pan out is another thing. "Microsoft want the DRM themselves because it puts them in a position of power over their competitors. They want Windows to be the OS that can play movies and music and other OS's to be shut out in the cold." That pretty much sums it up. No good can come of this. Personally I prefer TCP/IP via bongo drums ( http://eagle.auc.ca:80/~dreid/ ) or carrier pigeons ( http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1149.txt?number=1149 ). Nice thinly veiled attempt at spam, though I admit I like the game: 1) Why is it a Facebook app? I feel like people are making things into Facebook apps for the sake of making Facebook apps, even when there's really no good reason to. 2) You really need to make it ajaxy, there's no reason to force a reload of the page every move. "On the other hand, it's also possible that they could shop the combination around to other sites as their own answer to Passport and OpenID - a universal web identity backed by a trusted brand." [Sigh] A universal web identity should not be "backed" by any particular brand. That's precisely the strength of OpenID (and not MS Passport). You're free to use any OpenID provider which you trust (including yourself ), but you aren't required to use anyone in particular, like this guy suggests Google could/should do. For example, I recently set up my personal website URL to be my OpenID (very easy: two additional tags), which currently delegates to an account I registered with the myopenid.com provider, but I could easily change it at any time to another provider if I found another better provider that I trusted more (or even myself using something like http://siege.org/projects/phpMyID/ ) Now, if Google wanted to be an OpenID provider (like AOL, LiveJournal, Technorati, WordPress, and others have done) I would be all for that. What we don't need is some proprietary system. I suggest anyone developing a web app look into supporting OpenID authentication. It's not too much additional work, and it would make the web a better place if it were widely deployed. Plaxo has detailed instructions on converting existing web apps to support OpenID: http://www.plaxo.com/api/openid_recipe And for the rest of you, you should set up an OpenID and start using it wherever possible. Sam Ruby has good instructions on using your URL as an OpenID http://www.intertwingly.net/blog/2007/01/03/OpenID-for-non-S... or OpenID.net has information on getting an OpenID from any number of providers: http://openid.net/get/ Errrrr... http://tlrobinson.net/photos/IMG_0034.JPG 1) The spec isn't even finished, and won't be for about a year. 2) Once the spec is finished, it will be years before browsers fully implement it and it's widely deployed. Do we really need this? I think the focus should be on making current browser JS implementations a) less buggy (i.e. IE's ridiculous memory leaks) and b) faster. That would at least help all the existing JavaScript applications and users of such applications, right now . Perhaps... a few people are already doing it (Steve Yegge's alleged "Rhino on Rails", AppJet, and I'm sure others), but there's no overwhelming de-facto standard that I know of. Anyone know of any good server-side JS frameworks? Now you just need to quit calling it "pop"... Running out of things to post, I see. Errr... i, j, k are often used in mathematical proofs in summations and things like that... are we sure that's not why Fortran used them in the first place? Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Math or Fortran? If you're Guy Kawasaki you spend over $1000 (just for the first year) registering 55 domain names for a single website: http://blog.guykawasaki.com/2007/06/by_the_numbers_.html XMLHttpRequest? Or like the time I wrote a Makefile with the following rule: clean: rm -rf *.o myapp* which was supposed to delete "myapp" and "myapp-old" or something. Unfortunately the source was also called "myapp.c"... (because of SEO) How does registering for 10 years help with SEO? "Mr. Brin was most intrigued by the "engineering tricks" employed." I'd like to know what kind of "engineering tricks" they're talking about? "Logic might be more practical if you're applying for a job at Xilinx." Mathematical logical has very little to do with digital logic. It's definitely a good thing to understand how the lower levels of an abstracted system works. For example, read Joel Spolsky's explanation of "Shlemiel the painter's algorithm" problem: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000319.html Perhaps a more applicable example in web applications is the use of things like Ruby on Rails ActiveRecord. If you had no idea how ActiveRecord worked, you might end up making zillions of database queries without even realizing it. I have a feeling this is part of the reason some people have trouble scaling Rails apps... In the case of networking and web apps, at the very least it's a good idea to know things like the difference between TCP and UDP. You probably don't need to know routing protocols and that sort of thing though. That said, I'm not sure which to recommend. I took some of both (2 networking courses, and basic logic was covered in discrete math and 2 AI courses I took... including the one I have a final for in 7 hours...) and I've found the networking ones to be much more applicable, but it's also good to know about logic as well. A better question: will it blend ? Looking at that syllabus, it covers a lot of useful topics for web apps: sockets, threads, TCP and UDP, the major application protocols (HTTP!), cryptography, authentication... and Web 2.0 ... WTF!... I'm sorry but that's a ridiculous topic to have in a college networking course. Is "Web 1.0" a prerequisite? 1) Don't link to Digg... link directly to the original source. 2) Your title is ridiculous. Tracing back to the original page is like a reverse game of "telephone": - "Make $300 Per User on Your Facebook App" - "Add New Facebook App += $300 For Somebody's Bank Account" - $16.8 billion / 56 million users = $300 per user 3) The math makes no sense at all. Sorry, I don't quite understand what you mean. What exactly is the "input"? So this is basically a JavaScript wrapper for Cocoa on the iPhone? Interesting, but I don't see much advantage, other than not having to compile. I take it you've never used Objective-C and Cocoa. Objective-C is a very dynamic language, especially among compiled languages. It was based on Smalltalk, the same language Python and Ruby were influenced by. There is really very little room for JavaScript to improve upon Objective-C. I think you're wrong :) "Jiggy" is a native iPhone app that hosts these little Jiggy apps, which are written in JavaScript but have nothing to do with HTML/CSS. The site talks about "Jigglins" which are written in Objective-C and add functionality to Jiggy, like the one they wrote that exposes part of UIKit (the iPhone's GUI API). So you need these little Jigglins wrappers for every Cocoa API you want to use. They do mention a code generator that I assume is for this purpose though. I assume that's how PyObjC and RubyCocoa do it to. All in all, this is an interesting idea, and it might be nice for simple apps and experimenting. But I've written some iPhone apps, and I can tell you this just doesn't seem worth the trouble. I did try installing it, and it seg faulted, so I gave up. We'll see once it matures a bit, but by then Apple's iPhone SDK will most likely be out (hopefully with Objective-C 2.0's garbage collection). Sure, but I still don't really know what you're talking about. You're talking about a GWT widget? 40 lines of the most unreadable code ever... RMagick I've been experimenting with some 3D JavaScript stuff too: http://tlrobinson.net/misc/3d.html This is very very alpha and probably only works well in Safari and Firefox (but the menu might not work in Firefix, sorry) Why pay guys in India $2 / hour to do it when you can set up a "free" porn site which redirects TicketMaster captchas to the sign up page and get horny dudes to do it for free? Not too surprising, since Linux is still very intimidating to the average computer user. Even for hackers, OS X has the advantage of being able to run most Linux/Unix applications in addition to all the excellent OS X apps. The obvious reasoning behind this policy is to prevent spam. But of course you only have access to your friends' email addresses. I want one! Ok let me rephrase that: I want smaller unobtrusive version of one! "I'm currently in the planning stages of building a hosted Java web application" Errr... why am I not surprised? This is highly misleading. First of all, a $5 million cluster could only serve a small fraction of Google's customers. Google is estimated to have nearly half a million servers worldwide... there's a reason they have that kind of capacity. And more importantly, Google's most valuable asset is their employees and intellectual property, which is worth a hell of a lot more than $5 million (according to their market cap approx $200 billion minus their datacenters, offices, etc) But their point that with $5 million you could build a significant cluster is a good one. Definitely not Google-worthy though. Yeah, I don't think it would be too hard, you just need a microcontroller, digital compass, a bunch of vibrating motors, and a power source. Vibrating motors: http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/product_info.php?products_i... Digital compasses: http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/categories.php?cPath=23_83 I think you mean "SQL injection"... "Always" is a dangerous word. I'd argue that polling is better for simple applications where latency and scalability aren't an issue. "Comet" adds a layer of complexity where it might not be necessary. Premature optimization... you know the rest. "326 of 331 people found the following review helpful:" That's gotta be some kind of record. Just like prison wardens were afraid Mitnick could launch nuclear missiles by whistling into a telephone...? Beoing's engineers would have to be brain dead for this to be a problem. The only reason [I can think of] for the in-flight entertainment systems to be linked to any navigation equipment is for those live maps and speed/altitude data, but even that could easily be linked to a separate GPS receiver. Turing completeness is a pretty good indicator. According to that, XML is not a programming language. And since both C++ and Lisp are Turing equivalent you can implement each using the other. Given that, if we're allowed to build other languages on top of our chosen language, then I too would choose a low level language like C or C++ (at this point I think assembly is too low level for most things) Extending that argument, if you give someone any Turing-complete language, he has any other Turing-complete language... PDF too: http://deptinfo.unice.fr/~roy/sicp.pdf How so? I think that users do need to be educated to not enter their passwords until they're redirected to their identity provider (and to confirm their "SiteKey" if the provider supports it). But it hardly "teaches users to fall prey to identity theft". The fact is that most users end up using the same passwords over and over again. Most websites (ecommerce and banks excluded) don't bother using any sort of encryption for logging in at all. OpenID goes a long way to lessen those risks. Additionally, integration into browsers could eliminate the risk of phishing. That's the point . It's inevitable because we're human, we can't remember hundreds of different passwords. Why not allow the user the connivence of logging in once using a single password, and at the same time improve the overall security? With OpenID, your password is only ever entered in one place : the OpenID provider's login page. When another site wishes to authenticate you it redirects you to your provider where you enter your password then get redirected back to the original site along with a token proving you have authenticated and granted authorization to the site. The most important thing is that you use a provider that you trust . A good OpenID provider can actually help prevent phishing and identity theft. For example, myopenid.com (and probably others) lets you select a personalized image that is displayed whenever you're prompted for your password (much like Bank of America and other banks' "SiteKey") and you're supposed to train yourself to never enter your password unless you see the correct image, to prevent phishing (though most of us are smart enough to look at the URL too). They also provide a comprehensive log of every site which has authenticated using your account, so if your password has been compromised it is very easy to find out. By the way, OpenID doesn't require you authenticate to your provider with a password. It could be done via a SecurID token, or even biometrics. Passwords just happen to be the simplest and most common method. "David Heeneymeeneymeineymoe Hansson" I enjoyed that. It appears to be back up: 2008-01-12: Fink website down The fink website is not functioning correctly at present. (You may have noticed that many of the links on this page do not function correctly.) The fink team is working to resolve the problem as quickly as possible. ...but I prefer MacPorts anyway p.s. I don't think news.yc is the place to ask about a down website... Wake me up when we reach 2,000,000,000. What's with obsession of giving pointless names to things? I'll accept "deceptive code", or just plain "bad code", but "dishonest" and especially "immoral" aren't appropriate terms. Less convenient? So, what happens when you're at a friend's house or public computer where you don't have your 1Passwd/Keychain database? Plus, once you're logged into your OpenID provider, you don't have to enter your password for any sites which you already trust, until you log out. That's part of the advantage of a single sign-on system. "Sites which don't support HTTPS can hardly be relied upon to be careful with my data, anyway." -- so, the vast majority of sites? People are going to use these sites either way. Most users don't even know what HTTPS is. While it's unlikely an OpenID provider would sell out to DoubleClick, etc, if you're paranoid it's also very easy to use your personal website URL as a portable OpenID (it's literally two extra HTML tags in your homepage's header). You can either run your own provider using a simple prepackaged solution, or do what I do and just delegate to another provider, which you can easily change in the future with a quick edit of you homepage's header. Here's mine: There's even WordPress (and I'm sure others) plugins to make this trivial for non-technical users. I agree OpenID is a little difficult to understand (as evidenced by some of the comments here) but it's actually very easy to set up a simple OpenID (many people already have one and don't know it... all AOL, Technorati, LiveJournal, WordPress, and some other accounts are OpenIDs) and not too much harder to set up a delegated OpenID or run your own provider. Here's a great little article by Sam Ruby: http://www.intertwingly.net/blog/2007/01/03/OpenID-for-non-S... I suggest everyone look into OpenID a little more before completely dismissing it. I'm not too surprised. I was just reading a blog post ( http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/zoho_omnidrive_data_sta... ) from a year ago, in which the CEO of Omnidrive posted a mistake-ridden comment defending their decision not to use WebDAV. "The reason why you can't write a WebDAV client in Javascript is because XmlHttpResponse() is a HTTP function, not a WebDAV function" Huh? Ever heard of Kim Peek ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Peek )? While he doesn't memorize code, he remembers other equally impressive things. There's an interesting documentary about him: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2T45r5G3kA I believe the reason we have both big and little endianness is due to some idiotic patent way back in the day. One company managed to patent big endian byte ordering, so others decided to use little endian to avoid licensing it. This is the part I found most interesting: "Thiel is a member of TheVanguard.Org, an internet-based neoconservative pressure group that was set up to attack MoveOn.org, a liberal pressure group that works on the web." Perhaps that explains MoveOn.org's attack on Facebook and Beacon last year... I always thought it was a little odd they would go after a website that has little to do with politics.