Charge them a dollar per line? I'm 35 and I just recently started trying to turn what had been a hobby into something that pays. I harbor no illusions about ever making decent money at it though. TRS-80 Color Computer 2, represent. I work with PHP and javascript so I already knew I was scum... I want to. I do have a ton of for-the-love projects which seemed impossible when I started, that i've learned a lot from, failure by failure. I've even got an app I'm building in Laravel (and this is the last you'll likely hear about it.) Unfortunately with where I'm at right now it's just been scutwork that puts gas in the car. I might even take a cs course this year assuming it's possible to get the loans. I'm still paying off an art degree though. By the way never get an art degree. Interesting, and nice design. I'd like to be able to add my github and behance.net profiles as well if I can. Those would reflect my skills a lot better than would my facebook. Also I don't really like that my username seems linked to whatever my email address was -- I should be able to display my real name, and if I can change that I haven't found where yet. What is the user ID for and why is it listed in my profile? I would like to know a bit more about how you're handling payment, and dealing with conflict and arbitration. Can I connect my paypal account? Is there some kind of escrow thing like elance uses? Couple more things. Why is it linked to my facebook account? I don't remember ever opting in for that. How do I unlink it now because my facebook account is not a business account. For that matter, how much control do I actually have over what you pull from my accounts? - Can I delete anything you add and unlink any accounts I link? - Can I opt not to synchronize my accounts or lock my profile at a certain state? - Can I delete my entire workio account if I want, and if so, what if anything does workio retain of my data? Fair enough. I would rather the site showed me that it discovered the account/data and then gave me the option to include it or not, that would have seemed a bit less intrusive. The assumption that it's automatically stuff I want on that profile may not be true. I may not want to present that particular name or profile pic, or deal with not accepting friend requests from clients. I did teach myself enough Perl to write what was possibly the worst flat-file bbs script ever, ages ago on Tripod. >_> I assume this means that if Romney wins everybody gets a raise? Github has standards? Uh oh. Everybody wanna be Michaelangelo, don't nobody wanna bust rocks. Looking around your apartment for something to pawn for food money. If I wasn't there, I was certainly close while I was in school. I remember how embarrassed I was to have to pawn the tv my mother got me for Christmas, when it was the last thing in the apartment I thought I could get something for. Apart from captcha farming what are the issues with recaptcha? >However, isn't that something of the past? Not even remotely. Adobe Business Catalyst users have been getting hammered with comment spam for months now, it shows up in waves on livejournal and I catch it regularly in my akismet queue in wordpress. I see it everywhere, still. If there's a form, something will try to post a link in it. >I've totally outsourced my blog comments to Disqus That's all well and good until someone writes a bot designed to target Disqus users because of the size of its userbase. Clearly the answer then is to kill all the humans. Look at it this way -- now you get to find another new way to easily beat comment spam. And then another. And then another... Some terms could use further disambiguation. For instance - 'lance armstrong' brings up lance, arms (but not arm) and armstrong (which is apparently an airport in Louisiana) but not Lance Armstrong. Cobra brings up the snake, the Cabinet Office Briefing Room but not the insurance plan. Still, it is pretty cool. skeleton + twig + laravel = no complaints. Great. Now make a big blue button to write the app for me as well, and a green one to send me all the money. Maybe a naive question/response on my part but why not rather encrypt it and hold it in a session? Or if you have to put something in a cookie, just a reference that points to some data on the server like an id, which has no real meaning to the end user? I meant storing it on the server - just preferring not to have any actual cc data on the cookie, even obfuscated or encrypted. It may be a distinction without a difference, though, I honestly have never dealt with anything more complex than your basic 'hash username and password and check the hash when they login' scheme. If it works, then it's genius and next month everybody does it. If it doesn't work, then there's still nothing pathetic about believing in yourself and trying to make yourself heard above the din. The worst that could happen is she doesn't get a job - not an unheard of situation to find oneself in. At the very least, the data (encrypted or no, but it should probably be encrypted) on the server related to a session lives outside the webroot, whereas in a cookie, even if it is encrypted, it's still essentially public. If there's no reason to have that data, explicitly, exposed in the client then why put it there? There are some sites for which exposing visitor IPs might present problems. I don't think php.net is one of those sites though. She's a kinetic interface engineer. I used to code in Notepad ages ago when I didn't know any better. It was ok, but for some weird reason now and then when I would save a file all of the linebreaks would disappear. I've never found out if that was an issue with notepad or windows or just some random dumb thing i was doing or what but I can't even touch it now. Notepad++ with its syntax highlighting is awesome. To be fair (and a pedant) that was for the sake of melodrama. The computers exploded in a shower of sparks during battle for the same reason. Rule of cool. I don't see how this proves the premise that 'radical christian' ethics are unique compared to non-christian or, presumably, non-radical christian ethics. In my opinion, this seems to undermine its own validity by invoking the ideals of a pagan philosopher to express the idea. edit: sorry, just realized it might not be your site being linked to so I rephrased my comment. But isn't it no longer Christian if you do? Where is the Biblical principle that "virtue is the mean between two vices?" And if you can adequately frame radical Christian ethics this way, doesn't it suggest that the ethics themselves are not Christian but human, and aside from the particular cultural and mythopoeic trappings of radical christianity, not even really fundamentally different? If so, different from what, and to what value? Let me use as an example the dilemma stated in the article, and the conclusion reached using the "radical Christian" metric: This leads us to our second option: redefining which spectrum of vices and virtues we use. Let’s imagine the classic thought experiment against pacifism: Someone is attacking your grandmother; do you fight the attacker or do nothing? By the standard metric above, only a coward would not fight. The courageous man—the virtuous and ethical man—would clearly fight. But I make decisions based on a different metric. On the one hand, I weigh my responsibility to the victim, and on the other hand I weigh my responsibility to the perpetrator. The virtuous person under this schema is the one who is able to treat both of them with perfect love; the vices are excessively favoring one side at the expense of the other. That is, the virtuous man intervenes but in a nonviolent way to stop the attack. Surely the thesis can't be that only a 'radical Christian' would be able to adopt this point of view? The final paragraph says "radical Christians tend to adopt this perspective" but where is the evidence that non-radical Christians of a pacifist nature tend not to? The provided charts don't really cut it. I'm worried about the other 99x if I decide to crank one out... Construct 2 uses Box2d and Easel.js I believe.. I've seen a number of html5 game tutorials on tutsplus for easel.js but they mostly seem to be "copy what the dev did step by step" as opposed to really explaining things well. Still this might be worth looking at. I'm wondering how long it'll take for someone to print acid on it. It's linked to a pastebin... should be obvious what's likely to be there. fair enough then. Nice, but what is the save button supposed to do, it doesn't seem to be working for me. did I get a downvote for that? why? It would be nice if there were something like a live preview. Also the aspect ratio is sometimes thrown off by resizing the images. Maybe set it up as a canvas editor in front (to allow for things like cropping and resizing the background) and send the data uri to the server? You'd be able to display true cmyk on an e-ink display wouldn't you? Or am I completely off on that? let's burn down the observatory so this never happens again! That is true... but there are designers who don't have better ways to make money out there so I wouldn't necessarily discount these sites completely. He would probably have better luck looking for local designers first, someone with which he can build a rapport. Is it possible to use just the alert features and disable the open/close mechanism? My first impression -- being able to open a deadbolt with a text message seems like a bad idea (sooner or later it has to become hackable) but knowing, remotely, when someone's knocked or used the deadbolt seems really useful. In this particular case, keeping track of the similarity between posts might have helped. There's no legitimate reason to post the exact same content several times that I'm aware of. Post quoting might end up being an issue though. You're right, I did. My mistake then. Still a newb. > I see it as an intermediary step on the path to totally rethinking doors and physical access in general. I don't believe doors and physical access in general need to be rethought, except maybe to improve the security of physical locks themselves. The 'big dumb thing between you and my stuff you'd need a sledgehammer to get past without a key' model has mostly worked for a good long while. (Or, fine, a crooked bit of wire if you're clever.) Why does that need to be disrupted? I suppose you're right to a degree when it comes to supermarket doors and some car locks, the idea that things should be so connected is certainly already present, and there's no reason to expect it not to saturate wherever it can. But there would remain real value to the low tech approach for a number of reasons. Physical locks are less expensive than networked locks would be. Networked locks would be subject to the vulnerabilities that come with being connected to the internet and being run by software, whereas physical locks wouldn't. I think Bruce Schneier said 'complexity is the enemy of security' (if not I'm sure I'll be corrected) and the analog stupidity of physical locks is what makes them useful. Although granted, physical locks can be hacked too, and are, I'd submit that the networked variety would likely be no less vulnerable to physical attack, and still more vulnerable to attacks over the network (so, implicitly, less secure.) A ubiquitous system for locks that somehow can identify you by proximity, can also be used to track your movements and whereabouts. Networked locks could be theoretically controlled from a remote location, leaving someone else to act as, essentially, the systems administrator for your physical access privileges. This is what they do in prisons. Applying the concept of separating someone from direct control over their physical access-space to a large scale, and it looks a bit ominous - at least if this assumes these network locks are also commonplace on cars, houses, hotel rooms, hospital rooms, etc. This is not even considering what happens when power goes out, or the network goes down. Physical locks still work without electrical power, and the tumblers only care about the piece of metal that's currently jammed into the slot and whether it moves the pins properly... principle of least privilege. I can see this sort of thing becoming somewhat more commonplace but I also see its spread as self-limiting. E-books aren't going to replace physical books, the internet isn't going to replace television, which hasn't replaced radio, which hasn't replaced theatre. In each case, the newer version of the technology does provide their own advantages and enhancements of the medium but not to the degree that the older, less complex version no longer has relevance. The future is never going to be that evenly distributed, this I believe. In a hundred years, some people might be genetically engineered posthuman cyborgs linked to a quantum hivemind, but someone, somewhere, will be living in village of mud and stone. People will still use physical locks because there's no real reason for most people not to. They could theoretically still work in a hundred years. Software doesn't age nearly as well as a steel bar through a door jamb. Someone please write a php interpreter in Python and call it "Phyton" just to spite this guy. Please? > Our bodies are designed to be in this reality and this is (presumably) what feels most natural to us. You would have to design humans to accept that reality, perhaps. I've believed all sorts of utterly incorrect things about myself and my reality while i've been dreaming, and not noticed the fluid nature of that experience until i woke up -- but that's because I had another state to wake up to , and some structure or system in my brain that differentiates between dreaming and waking stimuli, and prioritizes the latter over the former. Genetics can be altered, and with them, what the brain expects to be real. so.... it's a forum. Micro in what way? My first impression is I wanted the nine pictures on the front page to click somewhere and they didn't. They look a lot like UI elements, and I assumed they would lead to different pages. My basic, basic setup for building quick and dirty websites (before I started learning about frameworks)was to use Twig for templates and Skeleton for html/css. Having something like that (where your 'pages' would be child templates which extend the 'main' template containing everything around the container) makes style consistency and the workload of changing things much easier. I'd recommend repo.js ( http://darcyclarke.me/dev/repojs/ ) to embed your github account into your site to let people browse your work -- that with a cv page would give people a better organized idea of what you do and more importantly what you're offering. I can't comment on the blog? It doesn't seem like a blog without commenting. Also, having underlining show up on the link css on hover shifts the elements around and that's kind of annoying. You can't force people to like your site, be interested in your content or return. There's no magic bullet (if there were, I'd be able to pay off my student loans.) In your particular case, I would politely suggest that there's nothing particularly unique about tagxt in terms of user-experience, nothing novel in your approach to the format. As such, and as with the many forum/bbs sites already in existence, your primary draw will probably be the community and the kind of threads you have... I'm hanging out on Hacker News because the programming/hacking content interests me, for instance, not because the layout of HN is particularly clever. If this was Sports News, I wouldn't be quite as interested. It's all well and good to sell the sizzle but at some point there also needs to be a steak. tl;dr give them something to care about or wait for the community to build itself. well paying , no. Enough to put gas in the car... sometimes. Wow... an Aquaman movie that I might actually watch... I've done that with my last two phones -- currently i'm using a Samsung Galaxy Mini I bought off Ebay jailbroken for 100.00, with a t-mobile pay-as-you-go sim card in it. I don't miss data at all since I can get wifi plenty of places. Embrace Chandler's Maxim : 90% of everything is crap. Move on and make your own decisions. If there's a karma cost to upvoting shouldn't there be an equal karma cost to downvoting? naive but honest question -- aren't 'null' and 'false' different? Putting your own website up on github? That's an interesting idea. Offhand, though, have you considered using a templating system like Twig? If you ever do want to make a major change to the layout, that would make it a lot cleaner. I've used (even maybe abused ) ini-as-data files in some of my projects so it's cool to see someone else doing that. I did notice there didn't seem to be a link to navigate back to the projects page, you might consider working on the navigation a bit. Looks nice, though. I can't downvote yet so SAGE. This thing will be a hit in hotels and mall parking lots... Well crapbaskets. Authentication and crypto are areas where I know I'm nowhere near good enough to tell if what i'm doing works or not, other than trying to find out what the best practices happen to be and use what seems to have a good reputation. But the only constant in this field seems to be that everything I thought I knew was fatally horribly flawed from the start and that I might as well have just stuck all of my passwords in a plaintext file called "passwords.txt" because the only thing keeping my site from getting rooted was just having a terrible site nobody ever goes to. Still this should be an informative thread. Crushingly depressing and informative. >There shouldn't really be any reason for anyone to starve in such a world. There is, because having food when your neighbor starves gives you power over them. Even in a world where all the work is done by robots, unless all the decisions about what work is done, how much and for whom, are also being made by robots, someone will find a way to oppress someone else with the system. The future is already here — it's just not very evenly distributed. William Gibson, maybe People do post things besides SQL dumps there. It provides a really convenient and valuable service. You should be more concerned that Adobe was so easy to hack. Especially considering the existence of Creative Cloud, and its overlap with the Business Catalyst service. Just like the "report abuse" link actually does something. Why do you assume it doesn't? I realize it's not always that way... but is often enough. This seems like confirmation bias. Pastebin gets I don't know, thousands of pastes a day. How many did you check versus total traffic in a given time? Stop suggesting that it's a den of thieves if, apart from legitimate usage, thieves also find it convenient. Thieves find email convenient as well. Getting rid of pastebin doesn't solve any problems. As for the "creative cloud," it's actually more expensive than buying the software. I know. But my point was that, for creative cloud users access to all of their Adobe software and the admin panels for their BC sites fall under a single Adobe account login. It's a real problem if it turns out Adobe puts little effort into database and password security. I mean I'm an idiot when it comes to this stuff but even I know to use PDO and blowfish. my gmail password is close to 40 characters. It would be impossible to manage without keepass. I just assume that any password you can recall from memory is not secure enough. I wonder when "correct horse battery staple" will start to become the new "passw0rd123"... I don't have much hardware technical background (I'm a web developer / designer), (...) and all the components are already existing (...) I would be interested to know why you feel that, without any actual training in the relevant fields, you can accomplish on the cheap what the actual researchers and engineers with funding and training and high-tech equipment haven't been able to? If you don't understand why others have failed, how can you claim to even understand the problem, much less provide its solution? I would be interested to know what an actual engineer or physicist thinks of the details -- they're useless to me. Good luck. You might have a pretty steep hill to climb with this one. In my experience, users consider ads to be the antithesis of content ... for the most part, they don't want to interact with ads at all, much less choose to interact more . Also you appear to have an issue in your templates where divs and links aren't nesting properly, like instead of That's the reason viral marketing even exists, to present advertising to users in a way that doesn't carry the stigma of being advertising. It looks like you're wanting to do the opposite. If you can figure out a way to accomplish the same trick with banner ads, and get people to treat overt advertising as something fun, and actually generate revenue, the world will beat a path to your door as they say. Unless you're google, I would much prefer to have something I can read the source code of and install myself. I've tried having forms generated by javascript over a honeypot, and hashing the field names to make them impossible to memorize. I don't know yet how effective those would be but i'm sure people are going to complain about the js forms. It's already bitten me because I can't use a password manager to login to my own admin panel. Still though there is something to be said for your forms not having a static fingerprint maybe. Nothing can be done about targeted attacks I think, besides not being worth the effort, or having moderators and constantly adapting. I wonder how much randomness you can introduce into the posting process, though, before it's no longer worth the effort. Add a csrf value to the form action? Rearrange the order of the fields? Add a captcha based on an average of the edit distance of an IP's previous posts, with a random threshold? I wonder whether the problem of captcha farming could be mitigated using branded captchas (which obviously don't belong to a site they might be injected into) and checking referers, and also making them complicated enough that they're not worth whatever the typical per-captcha rate is. Something visual, like a puzzle captcha, instead of filling text out. Then again, that captcha might end up being too complicated for regular users to be willing to fill out as well. This is a complete disruption of the equipercussive human transport space. Within a surveillance society, however, most of the effort involved with the loss of liberty is taken care of by the loss of privacy. Once you can track someone's whereabouts constantly, in realtime, and gain access their communications, know where they've been, where they plan to be, what assets they have, and who their friends are, ending their liberty becomes a minor exercise in telling the black vans where to be and when. You know too much. wonder if a surveillance society could work if everyone was allowed access to the information. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG0KrT6pBPk tl;dw -- it does. You could make one. That's the easy part, though. Getting people to show up would be the hard part. How is hellbanning supposed to be better than, say, a mod telling someone off or banning them and giving a reason for the ban? Assuming hellbanned users are actual spammers, they're still generating spam. Assuming they're not, legitimate and potentially interesting content is being stifled. Killfiles probably wouldn't solve that specific problem But I think they might be more equitable. Maybe if users could spend karma to upvote them out of a hellban? I have a Samsung Galaxy Mini I bought jailbroken off of Ebay for about 100 dollars. I use a pay-as-you-go card for calls and free wifi for the internet -- except for the part where I don't dare login to anything because anyone could probably root it on a whim, it's pretty awesome. T-mobile. Payments through their website are a bit broken though, currently the only way I can put more minutes on is to use the refill cards, they don't seem to be able to accept my debit card. ...sexy robots. Aren't JSON and Markdown ways of defining content, as opposed to layout? You would still need HTML or some equivalent to turn them into a document, even if they are 'human readable' natively. I would argue that manufacturing is real work. No matter how brilliant your advertising strategy is, or how well you sell the sizzle, someone has to make the steak. But... after the advertising does its work and brings people in, the customer's experience with the product supplants their experience with the advertising. Try to keep people coming back after you've fired your chefs and decided to only employ part-time cooks, because you believe any idiot can cook a steak. I think the attitude that labor is qualitatively unskillful or that even unskilled labor isn't critical to the value of a company (where that labor produces the product the company sells) is misguided. Quality often matters in surprising areas throughout the process, as does experience. If people come in expecting a great steak and they get something the busboy tossed into a microwave, they're just going to feel lied to. And rightly so. Sorry, I was replying to dfxm and to you collectively and now I see I probably should have split it up into separate comments or something. I don't think the steak's extrinsic value (which definitely exists, and is generated by advertising and the 'decision makers') is greater than its intrinsic value, which I do believe is real and comes from labor... but quibbling over that might be splitting hairs. I just started using Git and Github myself... and for me, github itself is useful as an online backup for a repository (git itself being incredibly useful in terms of organizing projects) and just having a github profile looks better on your resume, etc than not having one. At the very least, your code is right there to be looked at. You can always start a number of personal projects or dust off some old ones and put them up on github. That's basically what I did... take code I can't really sell and use it to sell myself. Such as it is. A lot of searches for php and jquery -- and lately the hack attempts that show up in my server logs, just to see what vulnerabilities they're trying to exploit. Yeah, that's the problem with automation isn't it? The point is not to free the mind of the common salaryman from the burden of manual labor but just to free the company of the burden of employees, much less of paying them more to do something else. And when there are no more bottom tier positions left which haven't been filled by a machine or outsourced for a tenth of your salary (to someone who's going to be replaced by a machine themselves in a few years)... too bad for you I guess. Just remember when it comes to your code, there are no exceptions, only 'happy accidents.' I usually just open a text editor and dump my thoughts into it. If you can integrate, maybe, a canvas image editor and a text editor then you'd have something at least a bit more useful than Notepad++ for me in that regard. Being able to easily export and import will be nice too. Javascript objects can be overwritten though, can't they? A malicious user if they succeed in getting their code into the same context just has to make sure it runs after window.sandbox is initialized, and replace that with, say, null, and then do whatever they want. I keep getting 'geolocation is not supported by this browser' js prompts every time the page loads, which is _extremely_ annoying. It's popping up on all of the pages. I'm using firefox 16.0.2 http://i.imgur.com/xODBn.jpg Oops, it looks like I turned it off in firefox at some point and probably forgot the geolocation option even existed after that, so I guess that clears that up. The prompt is really too obstructive though. Twig has the spaceless tag to remove whitespace from its templates, using that and its caching option might be basically what you're describing. I was just thinking a hackernews userscript that tossed these up somewhere in the layout might be good, given the audience. The core of it's just picking a random quote from an array so it should be simple. You could select lines or quotes from users and add them to the queue with LocalStorage or something. I am now apparently working on this... Since it looks like this is going to take a while (long long long after anyone will care), here's where I am now: https://gist.github.com/4220255 All it does is take a random quote from the array and stick it in an extra table row, and there's a link that alerts text selected by the mouse (which is currently pointless) and I need to do all the localstorage stuff but yeah. They're lyrics from an Alanis Morisette song, "Ironic." I've thought about designing a community with script hacking in mind (a simple initial layout with an api) and then letting users be able to script it themselves through their accounts. If it could even be done safely and sanely, everyone could have the features they wanted by writing their own. In lieu of that of course there's always greasemonkey. This is too cool... there's just no way i'm not learning Python next year... Require karma to post, upvote and downvote. Then sell karma. Given the option to legally cut their lower-tier employees' wages to zero tomorrow, I wonder how many companies would do so, and still expect those people to show up for work? When horses' labor became uneconomic, we just turned them to glue. What do we do with people? Force companies to pay a living wage. Companies shouldn't be able to set wages at an arbitrary low. Because then companies could simply set them as low as possible, without any regard to the standard of living for the employees making those wages. That's a real choice, and it's not easily legislated into oblivion. I understand that, and I don't mean to demonize business by any means. A minimum wage might well stifle competition somewhat, but I think the lack of one would do more harm than good. Given the choice between harm to business and harm to people, I'll choose to harm business. That is a fair point. But what's the benefit in lower wages across the board, to the workers making them and to the economy? Perhaps the answer (at least in the US) would be to reduce the cost of reeducation to facilitate transition, and socialize healthcare? Lower wages might not be so bad where healthcare and education don't represent potential lifetime burdens for people. But then the tax burden for that would fall disproportionately on the poor wouldn't it? And also, there might just not be jobs at all to replace the ones lost. I don't know. If you're meaning to reply to me, then no. I don't even see how you can draw that inference. I'm only suggesting that a minimum wage is necessary, because there is a cost of living in a modern society. Money pays for shelter. Money pays for healthcare. Money pays for education and food. And unless you're in a socialist system, that money comes from wages. So a standard should be met. Especially in cases where a corporation would otherwise consider someone's labor to be essentially worthless. And yes, perhaps if that standard itself were fair (assuming it's currently unfair), then in some places and in some jobs it might be less than whatever the current minimum wage is, where the minimum wage exists. Elsewhere it might be higher. I don't know, and I'll readily admit I might be bringing a checkers set to a chess match when discussing economics on this forum but I honestly believe it should be something . I will admit I can't argue against that. I understand your point, and I admit it's complex. But what happens when the government says I can pay whatever I want and I tell those people they're now making $2 an hour because nobody's buying the six dollar popcorn anymore? A minimum wage may have its downside but at least with it, people have an expectation of how little they can expect to make and plan accordingly. It provides a measure of stability at least. Would those companies necessarily choose not to outsource or automate those jobs if they had the option to do so, without a minimum wage requirement? If the standard of living is low enough that, taking the same wages as an outsourced worker, someone doing that job could still survive, you might have an argument against the minimum wage standard there. Otherwise, if only option to retain local employment is to pay what those outsourced workers are making, or less, in a market where more than that means living hand to mouth, then it's a distinction without a difference to me. I appreciate the lesson in this post. I suffer from the same kind of 'guilt' myself, most of my freelance income right now comes from tweaking wordpress or javascript for Business Catalyst sites. It's easy to underestimate the value ones' own expertise in an area where that expertise, in the field at large, may not be very sexy or when you're dealing with non-technical clients who balk at paying more per hour than they would someone to cut their lawn, but just want their website to work . And yet I've been told by other more seasoned pros that I should be charging three times what I am. It's kind of ridiculous how people can shortchange themselves. I was actually wondering not long ago if there might be some kind of cross-site scripting vulnerability implicit in rendering exceptions as html. Sure, you shouldn't have error reporting on to begin with but who even checks the source code of the exception pages themselves? You're paying close attention to the error itself after all... Turns out yes maybe... https://nealpoole.com/blog/2011/08/cross-site-scripting-via-... No external css, no javascript that I can see, and probably no database backend or dynamic templates. Just plain old school html files. A visual abomination but also, yeah, lightning fast and robust. Unintentionally a good argument for the KISS principle. And if it's been making money for its owners with this code for this long, how hard can we really laugh at it? It seems to be working for them. Shame about the yellow though. Not as weird as me because I've been calling it "Mysquirrel." I do. I use it to try to increase my visibility to potential employers in my area (none of whom are hiring at the moment, of course) and to fill the otherwise gaping void in my employment history with references to occasional freelance jobs. With that, and a network of actual working professionals willing to vouch for me, I'm hoping that when the opportunity for real work arrives, employers might actually take that crucial second glance at me. >The other side of the "increased difficulty" coin is that newbies won't automatically flock to PHP. It's worth the price if we never have to see another linear SQL query again. I've seen innumerable times where people will build queries line by line with if statements, and then add the query variable into SQL or something. I'm not even aware of an easy way to refactor that without manually rewriting every single statement and every method or function they appear in. It's insane. and yes I used to be one of these people... PHP: Your language is trying too hard. The password which can be expressed is not the true password. I've worked professionally with Photoshop and After Effects and access to Adobe software is the only reason I still have a Windows computer. I don't even want to try getting it to work in Wine, and dual-booting just to be able to use them seems like a waste of time. And until professionals use it in large numbers and are comfortable around it and potential employers want to see it on a resume, other solutions aren't going to matter. Let me steal packets of coffee from the breakroom and I will follow you to the gates of Hell and back. I suppose it can matter if that vendor's product is what they use in house and if whatever the other thing is that you know, isn't. They may be worried about the amount of effort they'd need to put into training you to do things their way. If you're vulnerable to a sql injection or something similar, though, then you've potentially made all of that data web accessible. that's probably true. Python. trolls (in particular) can only be stopped if they are genuinely ignored. What if users had a killfile for their account? Seems more meritocratic than hellbanning at least, if I can just choose who I want to ignore or not, and if you can tolerate someone, then they're alive for you. I taught myself while trying to build my own website. Just plain old notepad and long hours of suffering, or in geocities or tripod. When Tripod started offering perl I even taught myself enough to build the worst forum ever. SCIENCE! Laravel is my first experience with php frameworks. I have yet to actually finish a project in it which is disappointing (for something whose entire purpose is to make finishing projects faster) but I really like it. It's been a huge educational experience for me. Oh, no... I didn't mean to imply I was blaming the tools, it's entirely my fault. I need to stop starting new projects and dumping what I have with every crazy shiny new thing I find to start over and focus ... it is something I'm working on. Business Catalyst offers a SOAP api. Whether or not that counts as a 'major consumer service' I don't know, but by extension any site built on the platform uses it as well. Some users would fill them in believing their comments to be civil, well thought out and sincere, regardless of their actual content. Trolls would be perfectly happy to fill them out and then troll anyway. Then a few will just have a script bind to the select button that auto-ticks the checkboxes before submitting. I don't think this is a problem that can be engineered away so easily. I don't mind signing up beforehand as long as the service comes with the option to delete my account and data at will, assuming it doesn't delete itself if I decide not to sign up. And I don't mean "disable your account until you come to your senses" but "it's like you were never there." They want you to be perfectly honest, forthright, and to candidly tell them exactly what they want to hear. If you can update it, trivially, presumably without using the heuristics themselves, someone can update it for you. Now you have a new problem (securing the method for updating the heuristics.) Although a counterpoint to this would be using more unique points of reference like the iris, fingerprints, etc, things not likely to change. >You could make the back room potentially a lot smaller if it was all in a machine. You might not want to, though. You might want to keep the redundant infrastructure around in case the automation breaks down and you need somebody to flip burgers in the interim, after all, the jobs you're replacing aren't terribly skilled. As soon as I put some of my code up on Github I started to worry that someone might actually find it. It can be a bit intimidating. I can only imagine what'll happen once I learn to contribute to something. I made a watermarking plugin for jQuery/canvas mostly because someone asked if it was possible to do entirely in javascript (for a Business Catalyst client, so no backend was available) and after I explained why it was a terrible idea I went ahead and tried it anyway. Most of my projects are like that... experiments and self-education which are probably useful just to myself. https://github.com/kennethrapp/cmark But what if it spins around like a propeller? I mean come on. I did that. But it got stolen. I'm never getting into Zion now. Still better than Romney. I was all hyped up until I remembered I was 35, went to a technical school no one cares about and code in languages everyone loves to hate. Something tells me I wouldn't make it past the lobby. HA. Or one with the php hammer on it. I've used Construct 2, it's definitely good stuff. Heck, the second Google hit for "php mvc framework" for me was a 2009 guide to writing your own (talk about not getting the point of a framework). There were two more pages in the top ten for PHP MVC framework comparisons. Ha ha ha... yeah... writing your own php framework... who would do such a thing... I understand why it's supposed to be a bad thing but I also think it helps to understand the principles involved in frameworks and the mvc pattern, and one way to do that is try to make your own. Then when you pick a real framework it won't seem like magic. I think it makes sense to learn PHP. The only money i'm making right now is javascript (working on Business Catalyst sites) and Wordpress (custom themes and plugins.) Many decent self-described programmers would consider it shitwork, and they'd probably be right... But there's a lot more PHP work out there right now than there is Python or Rails. (not that I know either... yet...) As much as I want to defend PHP a bit as a PHP coder who at least _tries_ and is kind of sick of the pile-on (while understanding the rationale), I'm reminded of the thousand odd reasons that PHP sometimes makes me just want to cry into my coffee. I think it's both bad code and PHP.. specifically bad code written on old versions of php on crap shared hosts where that's the only server-side language available. It should be harder to write insecure code with PHP but it isn't. A language whose entire purpose is to process requests and return content should have security baked into its core. I shouldn't have to wake up one day and find out that "oh, anyone who adds an ?-s flag to their queries can maybe read your source code or whatnot." Now granted, it wasn't that common, but it should never have existed. PHP may not be the great evil some claim it is but there are parts of it that jump out of the dark and bite you, no doubt. I've never even been able to get this site or Coursera to work with Firefox. It's extremely aggravating. I knew that source code looked familiar. Did you literally just swipe Facebook's html, and stick a new logo on it and replace some text? Most of your links just 404 -- that's what you did, isn't it? It's not even that funny! Mostly as an educational exercise (perhaps in futility) I decided to try writing my own small php framework specifically to build and serve static files, load external libraries only when necessary and automatically send caching headers. The point being, for instance, not to even load Dwoo except if compiling the static pages (as opposed to fetching data from a view, building them and serving them with each request.) Now i'm wondering if i'm not both overoptimizing and missing the point entirely. And yes I do realize 'custom php framework' is missing the point of frameworks and that php is an abomination. Getting Laravel to do what I wanted (awesome as it is, and it is) started to seem like trying to tweak a cannon into a flyswatter. It's still fun, but I dread it ever getting posted here. Assuming it gets finished. I'd also like to suggest, as a matter of politeness, don't just hotlink to images on other people's sites either. Then you're just screwing someone else over. I'm still getting requests for an image I posted to an old wordpress blog years ago because random j. user liked it and reposted it to a forum. It's a popular forum, judging from my logs. With respect, unless the first sentence of the first chapter of this book is "hire an actual developer to install a tested framework" then it runs the risk of doing more harm (both to the marketer/wannabe dev and PHP's reputation) than good. That said, good luck... I might pick it up as a reference myself. even if it's just enough knowledge to know whether the dev they hire is snowing them over! I'll give you that. As long as it doesn't convince them they never need to hire developers. Does it happen to involve an island shaped like a skull or a really really really large orbital mirror? If so, are you hiring? "Because Rasmus Lerdorf doesn't sit with the popular kids" is not a valid reason to dislike PHP. Bonus points - you can use it with Twig too. Religion will survive. It survived learning the sun didn't revolve around the Earth. It survived learning disease wasn't caused by demons and that Zeus wasn't hurling lightning from Olympus. It survived evolution and the Big Bang. People will say the mysteries of God* were just greater than they realized, and their mythologies will start to seem a bit more like Star Wars. * or what have you Well, assuming the Singularity itself is not a doctrine of religious faith, sometimes it sounds like one. Of course they do, why wouldn't they? I would worry that a fair market value for healthcare would still be more than most people could afford. The question is, would it be less out of pocket or more than with insurance, which is probably a vague question and one I have no ability to attempt answering. Anecdotally, though, I've found that while the squeeze of my employer's health plan was difficult, having to pay the entire cost of my appendectomy would've been nigh impossible. I can only imagine how much my mother with COPD would have to pay out of pocket. I've gotten as far as creating repos, branching, merging and pushing them to github. Oh, and not publishing my livejournal passwords in my repo. Anymore. But yeah, not the most beginner-friendly thing in the world, and most of what's on github i'll probably never even touch. I forked a repository but i still don't know how to submit a pull request. I don't even know how to delete it. Feh. Thanks, I just might. Shut up and take my money! I think there's this conceit floating around, perhaps, that the web is supposed to be some kind of overunity money engine for which the laws of supply and demand need not apply. Photoshop, SaaS sites like Wix and Business Catalyst, and freelance sites like elance, play a bit part in fostering the idea that what we do (at any level) isn't necessarily work, and seem to cater at various degrees to the desire to outsource or eliminate developers altogether while still gaining all the fruits of the development. After all, freelance sites like elance exist based on the premise that developers will claw over one another to underbid for a project, and they will. Just try to win a contract there charging more than twenty dollars an hour. It's absurd what rates people (on both sides of the table) will accept just to get any business done at all. It's terrible, and unjust, but on the other hand enough of us are willing to participate in a system stacked against our own interests that we prove its efficacy to business owners, because we need the work. It's very difficult to get work there, but it is possible, and easier if you don't fall into the trap of trying to game the system (treating proposals like actual proposals will help you stand out more.) Don't bother with their BS about "verifying your identity" either. But yeah, if you can get real work then run far far away. It is the proverbial shallow money trench where good developers die like dogs (only without money or that many good developers) There needs to be a site like yours for those of us who aren't necessarily top-tier developers but who still don't want to get treated like dung-rollers, though. I did sign up a while ago but I wasn't able to get the phone interview managed (which doesn't speak well for professional presentation I suppose.) I'll probably try again once I get a current job behind me. I made a broccoli.js once when I thought I needed a rudimentary canvas image editor, it never really went anywhere but over my head: https://github.com/kennethrapp/broccoli-js but it's honestly terrible and even mentioning it in this thread is a terrible thing to do. I'm going to go think about what i've done now, over in the corner, there. As a proof of concept yes (scaling, rotation, moving the background work) but it doesn't do much yet. I wanted to make something like Irfanview that could handle basic transforms with a minimalist ui, but it still needs a ton of work. Drawing is more or less broken - I got as far as adding pixels to the canvas before other (paying) projects just got in the way. When I figure out how to get it to work on a github page I'll have a demo up. this works too: http://htmlpreview.github.com/?https://github.com/kennethrap... Yeah, uniqid is just an altered timestamp as I understand it. But it's not meant to be in any way cryptographically secure or random, though I'm sure someone somewhere uses it for tokens, passwords, whatnot. > It has a time and a place, but you wouldn’t use Times New Roman on your startup’s website, would you? Only because I have a thing about using serif fonts in html, otherwise it might well be one of my fallbacks. And besides, arguing that people should put more effort into restyling Bootstrap is different than arguing they should abandon it altogether. In terms of providing a framework for layouts, I think it does its job quite well, and that users will probably intuitively understand a Bootstrap site because they've encountered them a hundred times before. This in turn gives your site an implied sense of stability and trustworthiness since it "looks like twitter/etc etc." listen: there's a hell of a good universe next door; let's go. Followed by more php. I wish I were unfamiliar with it.... I think it is bad practice at least then, if not explicitly bad code, because it's needlessly overcomplicated. Why use the end tag when you're not switching contexts between php and html? After this line there's just another open tag and more code... it's a pointless way of writing php that makes it aggravating to read and edit. I've seen this done with SQL queries all the time but... ouch. You can find good php programmers (if you accept the premise that good php programmers can exist... some won't.) I don't think that's necessarily a limiting factor if you're willing to fish for them. You've probably already considered this but it might help filtering to require experience with a proper framework like symfony or laravel, which will have handled most of the "good programming" work for you. Landing on the moon was only quite possibly the pinnacle moment in human technological and scientific achievement, and one of the watershed moments of civilization. Google took something that already existed and made it less of a hassle. Its an achievement not even in the same league. The civil rights movement was important, but there were places in the world at the time where black people could walk into the same restaurant as whites. The end of colonialism was important, if you were Indian. The Vietnam war was important, but then again, World War 2 was important, and so was World War 1, and so was Hannibal crossing the Alps. With the moon landing, for the first time human beings were able to view our world objectively, in the third person, by having stood on another one. Seeing the moon landings on television changed people's lives. Seeing photos of the earthrise changed people's lives. It was a global event, it was universal. Yes, it was wrapped up in Cold War politics and no it didn't end any wars but ... we stood on another world for the first time. If that's not a watershed moment in civilization then what was? > You're speaking a lot of romance. Epic events tend to lend themselves to romantic speech. I would stand on a soapbox but then my keyboard would be awkward to reach, and they don't make soapboxes anymore, except out of cardboard. > and shortly after, we packed up and went home, never to return. True. That doesn't at all negate the impact of the initial event though. Just means one we got to the moon we discovered it was dirt, dirt and more dirt. > Sure, it was a milestone in human history, but it's not like it really changed the way our societies work. I'm not arguing that it necessarily changed the way our societies work, just the terms by which humanity could view its own potential. Before, we weren't a species capable of landing someone on the moon. Afterwards, we were. I'd have no problem putting the advent of the World Wide Web up in the same category as the moon landing, or even ahead of it using your terms, but that still doesn't put Google in the same class as either, in terms of technology or revolutionary achievement. Yet. Glass may, indeed end up pushing the envelope of human interaction somewhere incredible and transformational. Or maybe it's just a gimmicky new UI. I don't know. But I guarantee fifty years from now nobody's going to be telling their grandchildren where they were when Google came out with anything unless at some point Google becomes responsible for strong AI or maybe a working teleporter. > Seeing the moon landings on television changed people's lives": How? They saw people landing on the moon on television. Live(ish). > Edit: I also find it weird that you're characterising the social effects and fallout of WW2 as being less powerful in terms of civilisation change than a photo from the moon. Really, this is just geek romance talking. I'm not. I'm suggesting that there weren't other, prior examples of being able to see the Earth from standing on another planet. It was a unique event, and its impact (however you choose to measure it) was likewise unique. Wars are not unique events, and my other point was their impact is bound by politics and geography, whereas the moon landing and the picture of earthrise wasn't. And yes perhaps it is a bit of geek romance talking. It's also a bit of geek romance to suggest that Google is more important in social and technological terms than the moon landing. My geek romanticism just happens to look a bit further back. Once humans can do it, it's probably no longer cool. When we uplift them, we'll have to remember to give them shoulders. And eyebrows. Good comedy depends on eyebrows. No, you're right. Seeing humans walk on the moon changed people's lives in the same way seeing 9/11 on tv changed people's lives, or seeing JFK get shot on tv changed people's lives. In that it was a monumental, historic and transfixing event. Not at all like the first time you opened maps and saw street view. I concede the point. But they won't be so smug when the rest of the hive is completed.... I would prefer INI over JSON as well except that JSON lets me nest arrays and INI doesn't. So this looks really nice. On the other hand I'd like to mix my data types as much as I darn well please. But the thing is you have an entirely different mindset when you are responding to 'shadowfaxx12' rather than 'Martin Carpenter' I don't think this is necessarily true. People may be quite willing to be uncivil to "Martin Carpenter" as well... after all that's one of the points of 'doxxing' someone on a forum, to humiliate them with their real identity, and troll their real-life friends and family. Plus, how are you going to tell whether "KRapp" is my real name, a derivation of my real name or my account name is just a pseudonym that corresponds with a real name? You could guess it from my email or my facebook account. In my case (and probably most cases) it's quite easy, but if you're serious about using real names, I think you're still adding some minimal effort on your part to have to validate them. Maybe my real email is "somethingotherthanmyname@gmail" and my real name just happens to be "Jango Fett." How 'real' does a name have to appear? Google's already running into problems trying to enforce this, and they already have all the data, because 'real names' don't necessarily map as logically as people assume. I think not having them auto-slide by default would serve the presentation better. You should have googled 'how to validate required fields before passing them to SQL because someone will click the button without having added an email...' for certain values of "business" sure... I don't understand. I don't understand how giving a company access to all of your mail, permission to open and scan it, and to create their own database with it as they see fit, is somehow an optimization against a walk to the mailbox and then tossing the extra envelopes into the bin. As if they're not going to send their own advertising to you anyway (they will eventually, now that they can sort through your mail to know just how to target you), or just sell your data (which of course they can because they now have complete access to it, to say nothing of the ability to decide what you get to see and what you don't.) There are locks on mailboxes and laws against reading other people's mail for a good reason. : gets me date_diff ; gets me ssh2_auth_none " gets me date_offset_get %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% continues to validate for '@keyframes' whereas also I would have expected results from $_ but no joy? It's odd, nice but odd. Unfortunately I get better results as it is just from google. There is a Twig port in js: https://github.com/justjohn/twig.js/wiki that i've had some luck experimenting with. It doesn't support macros yet but given that it's in javascript I don't see why it should. Also (and I hope I don't get downvoted because this is ugly) I have made basic templates work using ajax and this sprintf for js ( http://www.diveintojavascript.com/projects/javascript-sprint... ) but that may be far more basic than your environment would accept. Composer? ( http://getcomposer.org )