That really only applies to the file/script accessing the map. If you're using .hosts files and mod_rewrite, you can just interpret /country/city/panorama-name as parameters and call the maps API from a central script located in the root. I like it a lot. A couple of critiques: - I had to look for what the app was. Yeah, the explanation is on the right, at the top of the sidebar, but I'd almost like to see it above the google map on the page. - I'm not terribly keen on the font choices throughout the page... specifically what's bothering me is the character spacing, most noticeable on the right sidebar. On the whole, I think it's a brilliant idea, and at least to my knowledge, isn't being repeated anywhere else. That said, I'd focus on layout and design, and accentuate the social aspects of the site where I could. Base hosting for an AWS small image (if that's still the correct terminology -- equates to about a 1.8Ghz Xeon with 512Mb RAM or so) is $72.50 a month in machine time. That's to keep the machine running only, not counting bandwidth. Their bandwidth is confusing to me, so I can't really speak to that, and I've only been dealing with me and the machines so far (no users), so I can't speak to how that works out at all. That said, $75 a month or so can get you a small dedicated server in some places that includes a fixed amount of bandwidth, or more predictably priced hosting at slicehost or somewhere similar. If your application doesn't need to scale, then AWS probably doesn't make sense. If you do, then it does. As an AWS noob myself, the only confusion I had were with the very initial setup (in using the keys provided to authenticate and whatnot) -- and in the initial server configuration. The major differences you'll need to be aware of are as follows: - The AMI image (basically just a virtual image) is static. You can't save files to this and expect them to exist after a reboot. That took a second to get my head around, after configuring apache and rebooting, wondering where it all went. - Set up your base OS, then save the AMI. It was confusing to me figuring out exactly what needed to go where, and remapping my server between 'fixed' and 'dynamic' content and making sure that they were in appropriate places. This includes your web server configurations, disk mounts, /var/ directories, etc. User generated data, SQL data, and (probably) your website data will be stored on either an elastic block or to an S3 bucket. The important thing to note here is that you configure your OS to look how you want it to be every time you wipe it clean. Perhaps you put your web application on it, perhaps you don't. I could see using AMIs as a sort of version control for your apps, but I don't know your use case. - The elastic IPs threw me. Don't release them on production instances. lol. Effectively, it maps an IP address to your machine virtually, which means it can be moved around. Your DNS points at the EIP which can be a single apache instance, or later, a load balancer -- all configurable within a couple minutes. Other than that, it took me less than $10 worth of AWS resources to configure a couple servers, deploy my app and get it configured to how it would be in the real world if I were to migrate, so you should definitely check it out. There's no major upfront commitment like there is with dedicated hosting, so there's really no excuse not to familiarize yourself with it. Also, you definitely want the elasticfox plugin if you're going to do anything with it. I'd point you at the following resources, which got me up and running within a few hours. - ElasticFox Plugin - http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?ex... - ElasticFox Owner's Manual (PDF) - http://ec2-downloads.s3.amazonaws.com/elasticfox-owners-manu... - Configuring MySQL to use ElasticBlock storage - http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?ex... Ah yes. Thanks for the clarification on the numbers, yours sound more right (and more generous), and do a fair job of making AWS services even more competitive than I'd thought they were. I remember discussing with a friend of mine who, at the time, was a recent hiree to Boeing. After a few months(!) of introduction and systems learning, he was tasked with writing a small portion of code. I don't remember the specifics, but it was a very specific task (e.g., "write code to display the fuel level in liters.) After a day or so, he turned in his code (something like 30 lines) and was chastised for having done too much. "What are you trying to kill people?!?" Turns out the regular output of their developers was something like 5-10 lines of code per day, and only certain days of the week. Finished products were peer reviewed before being QAd. At the time, I was just learning early Ruby, and getting used to the concepts of rapid development, and it seemed so strange. Of course, if my webapp breaks, there aren't any lives on the line. I suspect that the draw of LiveJournal is very similar to the initial draw of AIM, Y!IM or MSN. People tend to go where there friends are. I don't care how much better or more open Google Talk is, if all my friends are on AIM, it doesn't help me (hypothetically speaking since I can now use GTalk to talk on AIM.) Another thing to consider is that LJ does do a decent job of aggregating 'friendfeeds' from other LJers (and has been doing this since well before Twitter or FriendFeed existed), so it's really easy to look, at a glance, at what my friends are up to, which isn't so easy from an out of the box Wordpress. That said, as a long time user, I agree that LJ does suck, and has iterated at a snail-like pace, but it serves a purpose, and has some non-obvious features that make it better than some of its more flashy competitors. While I agree with that statement in general, LiveJournal has a much stronger network effect than Wordpress does, in my experience. Of course, I've never used the wordpress hosted blogs, so I could be completely wrong, but at least with an out of the box wordpress installation, there's no immediate way to check in on your friends, or see who you're friends with, etc. LJ offers these services in a fairly straightforward fashion. There's something already out there similar to this, at ShouldExist.org (currently down for redesign.) Might be some duplication of effort, or an opportunity to strike while the iron is hot -- depending on your point of view. That's a good idea, and one I've actually kind of piddled around with, however, I have the nagging feeling that it isn't the costs themselves that are egregious, but the diagnosis. Example: I take my car in for a squealing noise it makes. Obviously, I'm not going to pay $3000 for a belt replacement, but I have no assurance that the "Miscalibrated Magnetostat" isn't the correct diagnosis. I'm willing to pay $3000 for a magnetostat recalibration, and the going rate may well be $3k, but all the mechanic really does is replace a belt. Though, saying it out loud, perhaps I should just implement some kind of rating system for mechanics as well. I upvoted to offset your downvote. That said, I think there's an android app I saw recently on the market that does this. I'll install it later and see how closely it compares to the features mentioned. After an initial download, and about 10 minutes worth of testing, I have concluded that the Android Market "Shopping List" app sucks. It's a decent first attempt at a shopping list app, but it has (basically) two features -- add items to the list, and check items as done. The checking of items as done doesn't throw them to the bottom of the list or do anything other than put a check next to them. I think that for the average enterprise user, sticking RSS feeds into their lifeblood (read: Outlook/Email) makes the most amount of sense. Most executives / desk jockeys spend a lot of their time there, and I would suspect an equal sort of treatment is applied to their email as it is to RSS feeds. As a point of opinion, I would posit that lack of integration into other common office applications is a barrier to entry to applications soliciting the enterprise space. So, the popular theorem is that programmers who have been working for any amount of time already have the makings of their own frameworks. They've already written code to connect to or abstract a database. They've already written their authentication pieces. They've already written (or are using) something like Smarty for 'views' or display data. For many developers who toil in the same language all the time, or who have spent many hours in whatever language they're currently in, that's the case. For me, I avoid Rails because it makes me feel like a failure. ActiveRecord, for one reason or another, hates me. I like Rails, and I like the Framework concept (however limiting it might be) -- because I feel that it gets you started more quickly. At the end of any significant project, I feel like you will have likely massaged enough elements of the framework to make it work for you that it's hardly recognizable, but it still got you something to show people that much faster. That said, ActiveRecord is the showstopper for me in Rails. It seems like I've either never properly wrapped my head around it, or there are fairly low limits to what you can do, or I'm doing everything wrong. What that's always meant for me is that instead of using ActiveRecord to its fullest, I'm building SQL queries manually. And if I'm deviating from the framework's toolset, why am I using this framework in the first place. This is NOT a knock on Rails, I'm probably just doing it wrong. Rails and I can still be friends... just not in that way. I've always liked the 'middle ground' that Zend offers, in that it abstracts away the connection and handle, and gives me a convenient place to start building the model code. It's not 100%, but it doesn't make me feel guilty in the morning either. Yes, they are. Or their footer and about pages are eerily misleading. I dunno. If it scales, I'd consider myself lucky to find something with a similar return. I suspect the real discriminator in that is the inability to serve adds to an SMB share. Just speculating, but the "some reason" you speak of may have been for private or friends-only articles. Unless everything you published was visible to the googlebots, you were pretty much screwed when JournalSpace went away. :'( Looks like somebody's bought it now though, and hopefully have designs on getting it going again. I meant to follow the auction more closely, but does anybody know what it actually sold for? But but but.... DAMNIT, my backups are ON THE CLOUD!!! Javascript tag? Who's going to spend the 82 hours it takes to make write a piece of javascript that works on IE6? ;-) As a recent Django convert, I think that'd be insanely useful. Shoot me a line if you'd like some assistance (barry.meltonATgmail) Having played around with a few of the pluggables recently, are their standards for block areas? E.g., in some of the pluggables I've used, they use "TITLE" for the HTML page title element, while some have used "PAGETITLE" and another used "HEADTITLE". Fall behind in what sense? Obviously, if the multimedia content isn't transcribed quickly enough, then that makes sense, but I would also guess less consequential than if a given page weren't transformed from 'marked up' to 'text', but in the latter case, if the backend is dynamic, and just changing the output format, why would it fall behind? They're considered munitions by government employees, because of the encryption keys they're loaded with. Government employees have to 'check them in' and out like their service weapon, and aside from the encryption, don't really do anything special. Oh, and they sell for something like $10,000. In this particular form, it's probably not very useful at all -- but identifying edges, or extracting 'foreground' images from 'background' images automatically with clean edges is something that would be ridiculously useful for videography, photo editing, or just graphic design in general. Furthermore, if you advance the technology to being able to scan a photo of, say, an airport lobby, break each component into layers, and then perform shape identification on each of the identified pieces, you've got left-package detection or weapon identification technologies available to you (potentially.) I work for a government agency, and we have to deal with these from time to time. As to Niels, I wish I was sarcastic, but I wasn't making any of it up. They are 'considered' munitions, and are treated as such, but really, it's just a matter of what happens if the phone got into the wrong hands. They do have a remote kill feature, but that incurs delay, and isn't foolproof. As for the proprietary tapes, that may be true at some agencies, but I've only seen Travan tapes in use in practice. "I would like a special curry box lunch, fried rice, and large bomb." Innocent indeed. I used to be pretty big into Zend. I didn't like ActiveRecord in Ruby, or it always felt too confining, and liked the additional control over my models that Zend gave me. I've recently become a Django convert (not for the pony, that was new to me just now) because the framework just works. I haven't quite worked out the magic required to stand up a Django/MySQL/Apache/Mod_Python server on Windows yet, but it's working perfectly in my VM, so I haven't pursued it very far yet. For what it's worth, I've had good results with the opposite approach. My daughter (now 7) has been allowed to curse as long as she's been allowed to talk. That said, there are boundaries that she understands clearly -- she's not allowed to use curse words at school, for the same reasons I choose not to swear at work. She knows and understands that it isn't an appropriate place to use foul language. At home, she's free to use whatever language crosses her mind. She is also not allowed to curse AT people anywhere, because it's mean. She's a smart, responsible, well adjusted child who rarely uses foul language. Occasionally we'll hear something like "I can't figure out how to work this damn thing," when playing on the Wii, but she doesn't run around like a Tourette's sufferer either. The beautiful mystery of parenting is that neither of us really knows if we're right, and we might not ever. I'm not saying that my way is the right way. It might be, and I suspect that it is for my daughter, but I don't know you or your family. The premise for my ideology focuses around 2 things: 1) I don't want to be a hypocrite. I curse all the time, and while I'm mindful of my tongue in professional / social interactions, I do use foul language, and 2) I was more worried about banishing expletives making them into a forbidden fruit. Man. That's kind of awesome. I guess it's kind of odd that my only gripe is that it doesn't do any sort of screen size detection before displaying. I probably SHOULD complain about the information overload, or the inconsistencies in box sizing or some other silly thing, but I ... I like it. Inexplicable. It's a knee-jerk comparison, and certainly not one that I believe, but when you said "I think you need to stop and reconsider whether this is the appropriate attitude to take toward someone who really does nothing more than write articles and speak at conferences," the retort that came to my mind was "All Hitler did was sign papers and speak at a podium." The point is that despite just writing articles and speaking at conferences, the content of his messages have far more meat than his enactment of them. I'm inclined to disagree. If you view cowardice as avoiding confrontation, I fail to see how blatantly spitting in someone's face meets the criteria. Not so much that programming has given me, but constantly having to come up with analogies to explain highly technical concepts to my non-technical co-workers has invaded my life. "See, your username and password are like a combination lock, where the Kerberos ticket is a key. When you authenticate to the portal, you hand the key to the website, which validates it, and lets you in... but the key is actually in your browser, so it does that all transparently." "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." I usually just chuckle when I hear that statement, but oh man does it apply here. Something about the first story doesn't add up, which unfortunately makes me less than sympathetic. I don't see how she planned to go through years of law school with no money. Either she had enough money saved up for living expenses + tuition (in which case, she still should, as she would have saved 3/4 of that,) or she had a scholarship... in which case, she should have stayed enrolled until she found a job. I get that the circumstances MIGHT have been unforeseeable, but Aesop knew it way back in the day, and it really seems like common sense. Oh, and then the followup... "Yes, the key is invisible." So, while I would ordinarily agree that it isn't news, Unfuddle was becoming pretty unusably slow for me (or I've become unusably impatient... take your pick) for awhile now. I know of a couple teams that either moved or were contemplating a move from unfuddle, so maybe this will help keep/regain those users? It's interesting that you feel that way. Perhaps it's me, but when I agree with something, I just kind of nod along quietly, and unless I am in some kind of uber-agreement trance do I usually respond. In fact (and I'll chalk it up to personality flaws) I usually only respond to disagree, or start an argument, or correct a wrong, or basically be objectionable (note, not trolling.) To answer the original question though, I'm motivated more by starting discussion than karma. I guess that I'm usually expecting to be downmodded when I post (no idea why I feel that way, except that I'm new here,) but if I get good discussion as a response, it's totally worth negative karma. You know, I was kind of nodding along with your statement until it hit me that our generation's definition of "living within your means" is likely far different from that of our parents'. My father, if he lost his job, would be fine, probably for a year or better. Perhaps it's our generation, having grown up with credit cards and availability as the norm, but my dad (and definitely his) has always been a 'cash' payment sort of guy. I remember a discussion I had after starting a new job, after having been laid off from my previous one, in which I made the comment that I'm striving to get to 40% savings. He laughed at me, claiming how impractical it was, and how I couldn't afford to live off only 60% of what I made... but having just done so for awhile, I knew the benefit of having a safety net... and I was just lucky before that I found employment before my savings ran out. Mostly offtopic, but I thought I'd share the "NASA Water on Mars" picture for those who hadn't seen it: http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/0504/WaterOnMars2_gcc_big.jp... Actually, I think the problem was misreported. It seemed as though google flagged its own interstitial page as malware, as all the search result links showed as " rel="nofollow">http://google.com/search?interstitial= , and THAT page was malware -- unless I'm overlooking something obvious, like the interstitial page is only shown when adware is detected. Regardless, the search engine worked perfectly, it was just the links that weren't working. Simply removing the 'google' part of the URL allowed me to get to the sites just fine. From the linked wiki: "In 2008, Fry's vice president of merchandising and operations, Ausuf Umar Siddiqui, was charged by federal prosecutors in an illegal kick back scheme involving Fry's vendors. The alleged scheme was designed to defraud the company in order to cover Siddiqui's gambling expenses" One of the key things I've found works for us is differentiating what we WANT to have from users vs. what we NEED to have. We used to have a webform that (in summary) asked the user what they wanted to download, how they got there, and how we can contact them later (as sales leads). Conversion ratio was fairly poor, so I refactored the priorities of what we were asking for into 2 forms. The first form consisted of questions we HAD to know the answer to to service the user's request, and the second form consisted of info we wanted from them (name, email, contact info, etc.) So between the first form and the second form, we'd kick off the download for the user (and show a progress meter at the top) -- which got them what they needed immediately, making the site seem faster overall. Plus, since they were waiting for the download to complete anyway, the conversion goals for the information we wanted went way, way up as well. Again, I didn't actually MAKE things faster, in fact, having to fill out 2 forms was significantly slower, but we kept users engaged and let them waste their idle cycles making us happy since we were already accomodating their request. I think the point is that nobody knows, yes? The word you omitted is that you 'claim' to build your ladder to a higher set of standards. As it isn't measured against CSA regulations, or independently verified in any way, then unless we perform rigorous testing ourselves, we have no way of knowing how safe or unsafe we are. Even in the event that we properly test your ladder to the point of breaking, and are satisfied that its breaking strain was significantly great, we have no assurances that the replacement ladder we purchase from you was built to the same high standards as the demo. So, while I agree with your initial arguments that contract law ought to be more enforceable, I think this argument confuses regulation with standards. Under your original argument, your faulty ladder could only get away with the 'CSA approved' lie for so long until it was sued out of existence. If your ladder were superior, one would assume that either word of mouth, market forces, or superior marketing would get you rewarded appropriately. I thought it might be a spoof on Al Gore. :-\ I love Gaiman, and have ever since my first reading of "Sandman", and it's a beautifully written diatribe on the importance of the first amendment, but I've always viewed the issue as more of an encroachment issue first and foremost, and less to do with distrust of the law, though I suppose they're intimately related. I just always feel like any block of censorship pushes the bar inward upon us. And while it's of course natural for people to not want to see the things that disgust them, what censorship does to our rights on the whole is far more disgusting to me. It's intriguing to see the sorts of things that were once banned, or considered 'way too inappropriate' for human consumption... and how some of them have transformed into required reading for education. So I find this interesting in that it flies in the face of a couple common thoughts. The common mantra is to release early, release often. Now I admittedly don't know how often FB is releasing, it seems like the crux of the complaint that they released too early... and the fix isn't to release more often (at least at the author's implication.) Would he honestly rather they hadn't released anything at all? How would you feel if this were your app? I mean, the critiques seem well-formed, I just don't know if it's symptomatic of having waited for fixes that aren't coming or not. There are many American tabloids. The National Enquirer is a staple at every checkout counter, along with others like The Globe, the Star, and Weekly World News. I would say that it depends upon your sense of obligation really, but that there IS no requirement. My personal stance, evolved over the years, basically allows me to do anything short of blocking ads. The cost, I have decided, for accessing ad-supported content is the open-mindedness that while I will subconsciously ignore almost every ad on the web, that I am mentally open to the possibility of being intrigued by an ad enough to click on it. It seldom happens, but not having blocked the ads, the fact that it happens ever gives me a clean conscience. I didn't see a link to the auction, but unless they specifically stated otherwise, how would a buyer know that a school was even associated with the auction. Furthermore, as posted in another comment, it's likely that the buyer didn't suspect anything -- similar to how freecycling is huge on Craigslist -- it's worth me giving it to you for basically free if it means you haul it away. Until I see different, I wouldn't be casting aspersions on the character of the buyer so much as I would on the intelligence of the lister. Wow are you ever right. I just came back to HN to post a similar remark -- it's damn near impossible to read anything outside that box. Or perhaps we're both deficient in some unique way that makes us susceptible to black (or near black) boxes. I recommend why's guide to every non-techie I know who wants to jump into programming. I had an HR friend of mine trying to make sense out of some data, and wanted to contract me to write a really simple script to make some sense out of his flat file data. I didn't have time, and since he wasn't an idiot, I figured he could take it on himself, and gave him a link to the poignant guide, which he claims worked like a charm. Now he's making me justify my salary to him. For people who already know programming concepts, and just need to know syntax and what's different about Ruby from what they already know, I think the poignant guide is the long way there. For this crowd, I understand the bitter reception. So, at the risk of asking a stupid question, does this mean the tag line on the front page ("Multiple datacenters to ensure high availability") is bunk? I use S3, but not JD, so I don't keep up with it much. I thought that when they added Mosso, it was in case S3 went down -- am I misunderstanding how it works? I'll say. I haven't been keeping up with the development, but the improvements to the model layer alone are worth the price of admission. The conditional view processing is another gem, though I'm not sure it'll supplant a real caching engine -- it should at least get wins for those who either opt out of something like memcache, or perhaps haven't gotten around to it yet. Of course, adding it as a supported backend, I can't imagine that happening very often. Thanks for the clarification. There have already been some good answers to this question, but to answer from the asshole's perspective (read: mine,) helping your community is really about helping yourself. Helping a sick neighbor hopefully helps to keep them from dying, which helps keep their house off the market, which helps to preserve your ability to sell -- nobody wants to buy on a street everybody's selling on. Keeping the neighborhood clean preserves your property values, which is easier to see. Looking out for your neighbors, or at least giving them the impression you are, means it's more likely they'll look out for you, which means they're more likely to investigate or call the cops when they see a prowler outside your home. The reputation aspect doesn't really hold water, as a person's reputation doesn't travel that far, even in this global economy. It's real easy to see how a negative hit to someone like Bernie Madoff ruins his career, but he's a high profile individual that many people know on sight. If I started ripping people off, there's nothing to say I couldn't easily mitigate any negative PR by changing names (or on the internet, just changing handles). In more local endeavors, I could make a mint, ruin my name, and just move to another state (or if pressed, another country.) Contract law still bears an important role in accountability, IMHO. In addition to the other link posted, all the RFPs (Request for Proposal) are listed at FBO.gov, browsable by type of work, agency, etc. That said, a lot of it is hard to get into. The list of company requirements for non-special bids is pretty long, and that's BEFORE you get into exclusive work that only 8A, Disabled-Veteran-Owned or Minority-Owned businesses can bid on. It's harder to get a government contract than it is to get a government job (read Federal Wasteland [ http://federalwasteland.blogspot.com/] ) for more on that. If you're really interested, it's probably easiest to find a prime contractor that regularly does business with the government and sub-contract to them. Of course, I'm speaking of federal contracts, and all my experience is with IT. If you're really wanting to clean floors at your local town hall, it's probably outside the scope of what I know. It prompts you to provide your email logins so that it can find friends for you. It's not very prominent, but there's a "skip this step" link on that page. What-is-Qimo.aspx is the URL to the home page. I mean, you can of course play with MIME types and serve arbitrary file extensions, but why would you want your Linux distro to seem as though it was served by IIS? "Uncle Shelby's ABZ Book" Say we can get 10 cents per user per month? 800,000,000 * .1 = 80,000,000 For most smaller scale websites, they are valued at 12-18 months of revenue, meaning Facebook's resale value at about 1,440,000,000. 2 billion isn't that far off the mark given the user base really. Please clarify? While I can totally see you biometrically logging in with your fingerprint or something, I'm having a hard time imagining how I'm going to send an email to that. Driving is fun, to be sure, but there are enough of us that would love to be done with it. I currently commute an hour and a half each way in DC traffic. I LOVE driving, but due to other people, all the fun is taken out of getting to work. If I could hit a button and just 'get there' via auto-pilot while I finished work, that would be ideal (for me). I could turn off auto-pilot, but then there wouldn't be any point. I think that the magic in getting auto-pilot to work in cars is in enforcing that enough other cars on the road are using it too. I truly believe that so long as there are any cars on the same road as you not on auto-pilot, that it will negate most of the benefits for everybody. Regarding human error, I think that most of what you listed would count. The car is a human operated machine, which means that most of the time, wrecks are our fault. Unless the wheel falls off unexpectedly, or the brakes fail, you could pretty much always attribute a failure to the operator -- or the operator of the other car where applicable. I would also not like to be rid of driving as a pastime, but until you do, I'm also not sure that there's any point in automating the driving experience. So while I am sympathetic to your point, the pain of my daily commute is sympathetic to the other. I suspect that it would be easier (though I don't know how practical) to simply zero the exponent for arguments that are getting upvotes. At least then it doesn't penalize the discussions generally accepted as quality. I'm inclined to agree with this assertion, if only for the fact that MS has cycled in and out of browser dominance, historically. What's interesting to me is that IE4 won for all the wrong reasons, and it looks like IE6 failed for all the right ones. It's real easy to see how MS could massively fail or succeed through their acceptance of standards, but I agree that tho they are teetering now, that doesn't necessarily indicate any future position. The obvious answer to that is "probably Mac users, and nobody else." As a non-Mac user (at least lately) -- I'd MUCH rather they work on everything but that, really. And yes, I do realize how selfish that is, but it's probably not that much more selfish than your wants. Your comment reminds me of a group which, I apologize for being vague on the details of, planned to buy as many lottery tickets as needed to have a 1/1 chance of winning. I can't remember if that meant just getting enough individual numbers that their odds "went up" or if they were actually planning to purchase all the possible number combinations. Irrelevant I suppose. Probability math aside, they were able to raise the funds required to purchase the necessary tickets, but were eventually undone in a rather unexpected way... turns out, it's harder to procure 2 million lottery tickets than they had anticipated. The day of, they simply weren't able to get enough tickets to make it happen. I honestly don't remember if they won or lost, but I remember expecting them to fail through having to split the winnings, throwing their math off... as if it weren't already off anyway. Would you be willing to provide more information regarding this? I'm guessing that the interpretation of "Apple-labeled" means "labeled by Apple" and not "labeled WITH Apple labels", but what do I know. As far as I can tell, it's somewhat vague unless that is accepted legal terminology to denote 'something labeled by Apple', so shame on them for writing a less-than-ironclad TOS (if in fact it isn't.) Y'know, I was thinking "right on", until I realized that I'm very used to double-clicking Google maps as a zoom shortcut. So I guess it conforms to the site's general usability theme. Nit-pick-mode enabled: The font in the "Lean. Clean. Agile Machine" are a little aliased. At first I was willing to overlook that, thinking you had embedded fonts, but seeing that it's an image, and a background-matching JPG at that, it could be easily fixed. Otherwise I like the look of the site (though I haven't had much chance to use it yet.) The "Login" and "Password" areas look a bit off. I'd either shrink the text inputs or increase the font on the label. Also, the gold border on focus just sits wrong with me. These are of course, personal opinions, so please confer with others to see if I'm the oddball, but it strikes me as overlooked. Regarding the copy, "a web-based software" also strikes me as off... perhaps replace with "a web-based application?" Also the footer doesn't match the page alignment of everything else. If it were my site, I'd bring the left and right margins in line with the rest of the site, as they're otherwise hard to find. Aside from that, I'll parrot that it needs a "Try it now" type of button somewhere, and you should probably lean down what you're asking for at registration-time. I usually try to restrict registration questions to only the things I really need to make the software work, which is usually less than 5 total questions. Altogether though, it looks solid, and I look forward to playing with it more. By browser, do you mean inbuilt capability, or a web application that does this for you? If it's a browser capability, I think you've missed the point - which is that for kiosk situations, I definitely don't trust the machine I'm on. Even if it's a web application, I don't know that I like giving anybody else my credentials, and especially if it's handled via JavaScript, if I don't trust the machine I'm on, why would I trust it to relay passwords to all my web apps? I think the OpenID approach makes more sense, but what it currently lacks (in addition to broader appeal) is the ability to logoff centrally. I don't want my PC to act as an intermediary to my credentials, and really, I don't want a third party housing my credentials either... I want a third party to handle authentication by providing a trustworthy identity to an app, and it can handle authorization and beyond within itself. A little offtopic, but I would say this is the reason that vigilantly commenting your code is essential, especially for a one man shop. I've learned this the hard way enough times to make it stick to the point now that even when I'm just writing regular, mundane CSS, I make sure to comment in every workaround I write, no matter how routine. It takes longer, but it's worth saving me from myself. For your perusal: http://www.kk.org/thetechnium/archives/2009/04/inevitable_mi... It's fairly easy to do actually, if you're willing to accept the cheat I've used in the past. You can read the input value with Javascript, so if you add an 'unmask password' button, then that button should effectively replace the input type=password with an input type=password and populate it with the values previously stored in the password element. There are a number of ways to do this, but switching out elements was the easiest for me -- of course, browsers have come a long way since that implementation. YMMV. I'm surprised nobody has compared this to google's wave yet. If you haven't, you should go check out the demo -- I'm not for sure yet how much feature overlap there is, but their demo exhibits a wow factor that is undeniable. It's long, but skip around and you're sure to hit on at least some of the important bits: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_UyVmITiYQ Ways I've found that work for pretty quick scaling on EC2 (YMMV, and I'm not that smart or seasoned on it, so don't take this as canon.) You need to have the elastic block storage (or some remotely mountable storage you trust to be up). On this storage, you put things like your database and other dynamic content that you expect to persist through a reboot of the box, which reverts back to its base image. You need to configure a couple of boxes at least, one to act as a load balancer, and another to act as the content provider. For more laden sites than mine, you might also need a separate instance for just the DB. You are going to eat the cost of static IPs for at least a few boxes, but that's pretty cheap. Configure those IPs to be in your load balancer always. They'll fail when they're down, but that shouldn't be an issue. At this point, you can have basically as many boxes available as you have previously allocated, and bringing them online is as simple as turning them on. You could probably use CloudKick to dynamically bring them online, but I haven't really played with it to know. If you need scaling past that allocation, you can bring up more instances (the bottleneck will of course be the DB), and register them with the load balancer as you need. Twitter succeeded in adoption because it required less time investment than a proper blog post; Therefore, if we reduce the time investment for video... ??? Profit? I completely agree. I thought it suspiciously akin to a play against "Sugar CRM", which is a much better name "Hey, did you enter that into Sugar?" If they're playing off a competitor's name, then someone should have coached them about how that practice usually leads to crappy names. That said, it's open source, and might actually give someone the opportunity to perform an experiment I've been toying around with for years: Basically you release an open source product, fork it immediately and change nothing but the name, and see which version performs the best. Think of it like split-testing, but for the entire product. If I incorrectly assumed that you were just trying to differentiate from 'Sugar', then I apologize. It just seemed coincidental given the relatively few players in web-based CRM products (that I know of at least.) Where are those numbers from? Is the freshmeat redesign recent as well? I was on yesterday and, while I hadn't been on in awhile, noticed that I could no longer (in any obvious way) browse by license, which I used to do. I was expecting a commentary on whether or not this was more green, so I was a little shocked seeing the spartan page that awaited. I think it LOOKS a lot better. Without the benefit of commentary from the author, I can't say whether that was his intent or not. From the stills, I can say that it takes a little away from the video, in that it isn't clearly framed as the main content on the page, but I'm guessing that motion video would make that problem go away. As a complete aside, I almost love the lack of commentary from the author. I certainly don't recommend it for every post, but it's almost like blog art, in that the resultant conversation is free-form. I hope this isn't taken as snarky as it sounds when I say it out loud, but in my experience, the average federal employee is the last person I'd expect to be entrepreneurial in the least. And do note that I say that as a federal contractor. I at least googled before asking, but what's the DC equivalent? I was silly, and ran it in chrome. Thank you very much. As a government contractor, I can attest to the complication of process involved in getting work via FAR (Federal Aquisition Regulation) process. It, simply put, is very, very hard. Companies like Lockheed, Boeing, SRA and SAIC literally spend millions to write a contract. There are teams of very experienced people who specialize in FAR contracts and government bids, and if you don't have those people -- good ones bill $600 an hour -- you simply cannot possibly win a contract. In addition to just being able to put together a team of people who can do the work, a team of contract writers who can summarize the work, a sales team who can establish the necessary relationships to sell the work and a contracts management team who can take all of the above input, translate the soft requirements to get what the customer really wants, rationalize that with what they really need, and win the work for the lowest bid, you also have to include unknown entities, You also need to have a certain portion of your team consist of minorities or disabled veterans and such. This is typically done by sub-contracting out portions of the work to Veteran owned or Minority owned businesses. In addition to that, you have to have past performance qualifications within the government sector. Unless you've previously developed a website for a government agency satisfactorily, and are able to get a good review for that work, you don't have the past performance quals to win work to do that work in the future. And through this entire process, you're bidding against Lockheed, Boeing, Northrup Grumman, SAIC, EDS, SRA et al, and they do this every day. That Sunlight couldn't do it really isn't that surprising to me, having done it before as the least experienced member of a very experienced team. Without the necessary guidance, I'd say the process is damn near impossible. I think the point is that if a given site is no more busted than one of the most widely used sites on the internet, the fact that it doesn't validate is a minor concern. I see a lot of conjecture about how secret pricing is or isn't beneficial, but one thing that seems to be overlooked is the complexity of enterprise class pricing. If I call BEA (now Oracle) for a portal, the application stack is modular down to app functions, such that if I want publishing in my portal, there's a publisher module. Document repository is a seperate cost as well. I could buy 'just portal' if I really wanted, but without speaking to a BEA sales rep, in the absence of a LOT of prior experience, I simply can't know WHAT to buy. That said, I've always found the 'per-seat' pricing model to be a pretty effective form of price discrimination. $10 a seat means that the 100 employee company is only paying $1000, but the 30,000 employee company pays $300,000. It's fair(ish), and it's an effective way to scale support costs as well without having to pay per hour or incident. Working my 9 to 5 (which is more like an (8 to 8), and trying to learn Django well enough to start an open source product I think Django makes sense for. Django is fun, and surprisingly productive even while learning, though with little free time it's going slower than I'd like. Interesting. Most of my customers are government, so I guess that's where the difference lies -- they like having a number to point at and say "that's how much it costs". Whether or not it's the cheapest product, it's preferred to ambiguously priced applications. Of course, that's one of the main reasons they invented the GSA I guess. I may be speaking out of turn, since I have no special expertise with either club owners or club lighting, but you might try taking it to the channel to market. If you can find club lighting supply houses (which I am only guessing exist) -- and allow them to make hearty margins, they'll push your software for you as part of their new installs / sales. Again though, I don't know the market or niche, so take this suggestion with LOTS of salt. Heh. I'm probably standing with you, further down the food chain in this thread. That said, everybody started out somewhere, and you're learning. The only advice I can give is to work on an actual project, however small, while learning a new language. It helps me learn ALL of a language, instead of just the tricky bits, and I feel more accomplished when, instead of having just read a book, I actually BUILT something. Chances are the something you built will suck, or at least not be leveraging all the cool stuff you learned later in the book, but it's something. You can either keep playing with it or do nothing else, but if you're in a job interview, and somebody asks if you know "x", you can point them at some code to show exactly how well you do (or don't). I bought my first Les Paul at Guitar Center, so I'm familiar. I think if you could get them to push for you, and maybe MusiciansFriend.com (a similarly sized competitor, a la New Egg vs. Tiger Direct), you'd be in decent shape, distributor-wise. Either way, best of luck. Let us know how it goes. You MIGHT be right, but I do web application development for government, and I was recently surprised when my new laptop was delivered with IE8 on the standard image. For this particular agency, EDS is their GSS provider, so if EDS is incorporating IE8 into their ESA image, I wouldn't expect that it's too far off at other agencies they provide general support services for. Of course, now I've got to make all the apps I've written work in IE6 AND IE8, alongside Firefox, which they're also piloting. I'm pleased at their progress, while staying wary of all the work it's going to bring my way. It's probably 'sensitive' information, as knowledge of the underlying tech gives the bad guys a guide on what to target, or at least that would be the ISSO friendly answer. I don't know of anything that trends across gov, but if you had tie-ins with DOD, they'd probably give you the answer for that, as most of the other agencies I've dealt with sort of fall in line with them. For what it's worth, that sounds nice, and disruptive, but possibly short-lived. Someone recently asked me how I enjoyed using Google Voice, and while I didn't immediately have an answer, after thinking about it, I decided that I liked it mostly because it allowed me to keep my SMS messages in the cloud. Many people use SMS to get actual work done, as I do, and it surprises me that nobody seems to care to back them up (or at least, there doesn't seem to be much in the way of allowing that) -- but Google Voice gets rid of the problem altogether, in that they're only transiently on my phone, and always stored in the Googleplex (deletions are 'archived', similar to Gmail). Where does one get information on these meetups? I'm in MD area, working in NOVA, but this is the first I've heard of it. I didn't mean to imply that google was going to put him out of business, so much as I meant that I think carriers will likely follow Google's lead eventually -- They already have your SMS messages, call logs and voice mail data -- exposing them to the web effectively competes with a large portion of Google's Voice offering, and doesn't require significant overhaul of anything for carriers to implement. Of course, I could be wrong, but my point wasn't that he was sure to fail because he was competing with google as much as I feel things are trending that way already. Besides, it's not like competing with Google is unwinnable either, it's just very, very hard to do. Oh, I read it as if 1 or 2 IS what you want, then you never hear 3. Yes, there is an accelerometer, and it's pretty easy to use. The market share is VERY small at this point, but that also means less competition, likely. The bigger mobile app companies are starting to release Android apps, and it seems like a pretty good time as well, as more carriers are planning to release Android-powered phones. If I am not mistaken, they quit using 'cocaine' in the recipe sometime in the VERY early 1900s, though I believe they're still using coca leaves in the product. I suspect that there are no people who have tasted the original, cocaine-infused Coca-Cola that are still alive today, so I doubt it contributes to its market superiority. If I'm not mistaken, at least Drupal has a module that allows you to host the google analytics JS files on your own server. This would lead me to believe that you can do that sans Drupal, though I've never attempted it (in either fashion actually.) But what good is that if the information isn't deemed reliable? I read, and enjoy TechCrunch for new product announcements and reviews -- almost exclusively, and don't really need it for much else, but if a significant portion of TC's "breaking news" is unreliable, then it may as well not exist. I also don't know if breaking news is as important to readers as it is to journalists, for a number of reasons; Notably, I have a certain number of sites that I peruse per day, and I rely on them for the majority of my daily intake. I don't seek out news, and WSJ and NYT aren't on my reading list, while TC is. I frankly wouldn't know the difference if TC broke something an hour (or even a day) earlier than the next guy. Really though, I think that TC has enough market/mindshare that they should focus much less on breaking sensationalism, and more on reliably reporting news as accurately as they can in the traditionally plain-English fashion that made them famous. Not that big a deal != evil. In a lot of cases (including mine), IT operators are working with zero budget. While there's the obvious argument that upgrading from a free browser to another free browser doesn't cost any money, it does cost time; I work at a federal agency in which their web applications HAVE to work, and unfortunately, many of them were written for IE6. Rewriting those applications to support a new browser isn't free either. In addition that that, there is time spent securing the installation. In the case of IE it's a little easier as I can manage it with policies, but it is absolutely critical that we're following DOD stigs regarding security, and setting up a central policy isn't free. Regarding the PC comment, the laptop I replaced a month ago was a 1.0Ghz Pentium with 512M RAM. This was the upgraded laptop at the time, that I needed for java development. Compiling code with 512M on XP was adventurous. For the last 8 months I had it, the internal LCD had died, most of the keys didn't work, the WiFi radio was completely dead, and the power button would only work if I wiggled the frame and monitor. I made sure to use it on a plugged-in (ethernet network) to bypass the WiFi, plugged into an external monitor to get around the LCD, grabbed an external keyboard to type on, and wiggled it every day to power it on. Before deeming it dead, they replaced the motherboard 3 times and the hard drive twice. I kept using the decrepit old machine because frankly, it was the nicest laptop anyone had on the team. They're refreshing the machines now, but we've only had IE7 in the environment for about a month. I am lucky in that I can use Firefox, but only within the firewall, and not at all to browse any external sites. Sorry, I kind of got off on a tangent here, but it's perfectly reasonable to understand that there ARE in fact reasons why it takes a long time to get off of IE6. For those trying to skim, give it up. This is a terribly amusing article, and it's part 1 of a series (presumably there will be 6 more [maybe 7?].) It read much like a DamnInteresting.com article, which is a compliment. I immediately began trying to get more information on the magician who didn't lie, Jerry Andrus, but Wikipedia doesn't list anything about that whatsoever. Does anybody have more information regarding his routine? Y'know, I probably wouldn't have a problem with trying to push out IE6 if it weren't that the biggest supporters of its elimination are such utter dicks about it all. I hate rehashing this, as it's been said recently elsewhere, but not everybody has their choice of browser, and snotty error messages don't endear me to your cause. I might be forced to use an older IE browser at the office, but nasty messages make me not want to use your site/app/product when I get home on a less encumbered browser. My current old-IE boilerplate says something along the lines of "We apologize, but we do not have the resources to test our products in all browsers, and things may not work correctly in your version. If possible, please upgrade your browser to a more recent version." And honestly, that line makes me feel guilty, because I completely understand that it's oftentimes outside their control... As a sidenote, that's a conditional comment on the page, and doesn't exit() from anything -- which means I at least let them TRY to use the site. I apologize. I had just hit another site in which I received a nasty message. I should have clarified that my ire wasn't necessarily targeted at the article, or the site in general, but at the holier-than-thou who feel the need to rub my nose in it. Again, my apologies. Wouldn't it be fairly simple to just fork Ubuntu? If that completely misses what you meant, I would probably recommend just stepping back to Debian. Color me simple, but I honestly don't see how that's dramatically different from the parent's "misquote". I believe Silverlight works in Firefox actually. I don't use it, but the trypython.org page has a statement: "Target browsers are Firefox 2 & 3, Safari and IE 7 & 8. (It won't work in other browsers until there is a version of Silverlight that works with them.)" In my experience, it's because the YUI framework is 30Mb with docs, 10Mb without. If I need 10Mb of support tools to make my app do cool stuff, I feel like I'm leaning too much on the framework, and too little on my own capabilities. I've heard it before, and I'm sure I'll hear it again, but this, to me, is absolutely the sort of thing I need drilled in my head over and over and over again. The current project I'm working on is simple. The idea is simple in general, the layout is simple, and while some of the technical glitches and implementation details may not be (they never are anyway) -- I keep overcomplicating things in my head. I've gotten about 3 weeks worth of spare time thrown at it, which isn't much, but in that time, I've already wasted a ton of effort. I redesigned the layout yesterday. True, I made it simpler, and I think easier to use, and ultimately, it's a MUCH better layout for the product, but it was completely wasted effort to determine whether or not my product is even worth building, because I honestly don't know the answer. I guess the main difference for me is that after a number of false starts (that later ended up as actual products, and profitable ones at that,) I have committed myself to finishing this thing, if only to say that I can build a project to completion without external motivators. That almost gives me an excuse to waste time because if it's rejected early, I'll assume it's due to a poor layout, or lack of features, etc. So yeah, I needed to read that, and get back to square 1, and friggin stay there for a bit. My submission, with some information omitted: As a federal IT consultant, I have built a number of utilities for that either use Python directly or leverage bits of Python code in order to make another product work. One interesting bit in particular, I whipped up a 13 line Python script to monitor each side of a load balanced cluster for uptime, properly shutting down the relevant Apache instance of a side if its Weblogic portal instance was not responding, and redirecting traffic to the other side. This need was present as there was no facility in either the multi-thousand dollar Cisco Content Service Switches fronting the servers, nor the multi-million dollar AquaLogic portal behind them. I recently had the opposite experience. I was flying from BWI to MEM via Charlotte (which is what I get for buying tickets last minute.) MEM->CTL was delayed somewhat, leaving me with approximately 2 minutes to get from one terminal to another far away terminal. I naturally didn't make the flight. While they were more than happy to accomodate me and get me onto the next CTL->BWI flight, I was worried about what was going to happen to my luggage, though it somehow beat me there. I usually don't worry about it too much unless they're busy, and I feel like I'm taking up space, but I ordinarily order at least a 'premium' coffee and something to munch on while I work, and I agree with the 1 coffee per hour rule. If you can't keep up, or aren't thirsty, you can buy a coffee 'for the house', which basically equates to just giving them money. If you're trying to make friends, or the cashier or barista is cute, you can buy them a drink too. You'll probably be looked at funny (since I'm guessing their drinks are free,) but life's full of weirdos. Might as well be one. ;-) I don't know if it's fair or not, but I always feel like the conversation at HN is somewhat... academic, for lack of a better word. The nature of the community seems to encourage one's best behavior, or at least better behavior than I would exhibit in some other places perhaps. Grammar correction is somewhat a conundrum. On the one hand, it IS sort of rude to point out the faults of another, especially as it can often be attributed to expedient typing. On the other hand, if I made a mistake and didn't realize, I'd REALLY REALLY want someone to point it out to me, so that I could learn from it. Completely aside though, it's interesting to me how poor grammar seems to spread. Until about two years ago, I had honestly NEVER seen anyone use "should of" in print, and now it seems to be a prevalent mistake. While I don't understand how that relates to the truthiness of what I've said, it looks like almost all of the results of the linked page are from 2006 forward. Regardless, while I may be fuzzy on the timetable, it is a recent phenomena for me. I would personally have a giant problem with government intervention in a private matter. This is a market issue. If customers don't like how Apple is behaving, they are free to take their business elsewhere. If they don't, they are either offering a more compelling product than the other guys, or are serving the majority of their customers satisfactorily. I can see the argument that developers for the App Store are akin to contractors for Apple, but I don't believe that's the case either. If the developers really want government involvement, the first step WOULD NOT BE regulation, rather it should be arbitration. The slighted developers have the courtrooms available to them, and potentially have contract dispute claims they could file suit on. (I don't know, I don't develop for the iPhone at all.) If they don't, then they've obviously entered into a one-sided contract they shouldn't have, and shame on them. That said, there might also be a claim for that as well. One of the primary tenets for contract law is that there is mutual consideration -- a contract without mutual consideration can often be considered valueless on its face. I am uncertain whether or not the potential for profit by app store sales counts or not, honestly. Billing by the hour is the only effective way I have found to eliminate scope creep. Being able to say "Well, sure, I CAN do that, but it's going to cost an additional 4-6 hours" is simply the easiest (and most well received) method of indicating that they are asking for something not initially agreed to. Obviously, it helps to have a contract/requirements documentation/specification/etc., to point to, but it's rare that you run into a document detailed enough to cover nuances like whether or not this element should be blue or light blue after clicked upon. I had exactly the same question, having just heard of it today. You can obviously find more information at http://www.cherokee-project.com/ , but basically, it seems to be Apache as it started (sans feature bloat). It's written in C, requires no additional dependencies, and has what seems to be a very nice web administration panel. Practically, it seems like its performance sits somewhere between Apache and Lighttpd, with Lighttpd beating it in performance, but (unless I'm mistaken) not on features. edit: I would also love to hear more from somebody who has actually used it as to whether or not there are less apparent reasons to choose it, and whether or not it's ready for production use. But if that's all it's doing, where is its differentiation between it and the hundreds of other URL shortening services. You CAN run a social network cheaply, but good luck competing with Facebook / MySpace / Orkut / Friendfeed / Livejournal / et al. Offering the service with the least amount of features can sometimes be a winning idea, but in this space, I'm not entirely sure that it's doable, considering the major feature works pretty similarly across all tr.im's competition. Comic books. If I had my druthers, I would somehow be working in comic books. At some point in my life, I had a good deal of artistic talent, though the years I spent goofing off in puberty seem to have killed it entirely. It's something of a dying art form, as most print-based things are, but also seem to have resurged in many ways, especially as movie properties. I'm eagerly waiting to see whether or not TakeComics succeeds as becoming the iTunes of comic books, and whether or not it spawns any cottage industries or ideas as a result. Large companies typically grow to their size through efficiency. IKEA grew by ultra-streamlining their ordering, distribution, shipping and supply chain in general. I can buy a $50 bookshelf that accomodates all of my trade paperback collection and is higher quality than many of its competitors. International Paper, while not being the greatest example, has also done an amazing job at refining its distribution and supply chain such that I can order a quarter ton of paper today and have it in house within 2 days. Amazon is another example of big company efficiency, for reasons I think are obvious. Yeah, they might not be the best at bookkeeping and/or HR functions, but they also have a LOT more employees and revenues to keep track of than a 5 person startup... but at their core operations, a really good large business is something to model after more than sneer at. To my knowledge, no. I also perhaps misspoke when I stated that comics are dying. I don't honestly know that they are, or what their current sales numbers are -- I just expect for print-related content in almost all forms to eventually die, or become more niche, which may well be naive of me. Interestingly enough, I tried to visit the site and Chrome flagged it as malware. Except that you have to buy gas, pay property taxes, eat, drink and pay for entertainment. I get your point, for sure, but surely you want something in the bank to either help fund your next gig, or to buy yourself more time in case it takes a few more tries than 1? UP the road from you, Crownsville, MD. I saw something before about meetups, but I'm somewhat new to the area. Anybody know of anything in our area? My favorites folder (which is a folder in Chrome that I 'open all in tabs' with each morning) includes the following URLS, which makes them at least daily reads: news.ycombinator.com damninteresting.com (now that they're back especially) kk.org/kk/ - Kevin Kelly's blog federalwasteland.blogspot.com -- hasn't been updated in a long while. :-( asofterworld.com xkcd.com idsgn.org If you're working on it, wouldn't that make you the founder of a pre-launch startup? Not to take anything away from melito, because really, this is cool as beans, but what I _really_ want out of something like this is a place where I can set my configuration up with variables. Better than booting a semi-configured server would be booting a fully-configured server. If I could host my app on sliceapp.com, along with changes from a base bootstrapped instance (e.g., apache settings, hostnames, etc) -- and be able to have multiple images to launch (one for db, one for apache/mod-python/django, one for load balancer) -- then this would be the best thing that ever happened, pretty much. It's definitely worth moving forward with, and really, I didn't mean to diminish what you've already done at all. I'll probably give it a shot this weekend, if nothing else than to test how quickly this tool enables me to migrate to a new slice. Am I wrong in thinking that the tone of a guitar isn't going to be affected that much by swapping out a small wooden inset? I mean, I get that a flat top guitar may or may not have a different wood on the top than everywhere else, but I feel like you need the entirety of the top to get the full effect of the sound. Past that, I guess it's a good idea. The pickups look on the cheap side though. And while I would definitely be into a way to quickly switch out my pickup configuration, that's why there's a toggle switch. It'd be neat to pit this against a Line 6 Variax. I personally like the Derby blades I picked up off of Amazon, they still get just as close as anything else I've used, but they somehow feel 'softer' than all the others. Perhaps more forgiving is a better phrase. What's so great about the Feathers? I suppose I did. Thank you for the clarification. Perhaps I missed the boat by not watching the video. As for the digital amp comment, is that in regards to the Line 6? The Variax is a guitar, with on-board CPU and synth modelling. It isn't a Pod crammed into a guitar, from my understanding (though I could again be wrong, and will voluntarily revoke my posting privileges for the day.) I was thinking about this the other day -- something like a Google Voice would work well for a support phone type of operation. I haven't done support in a long while, but last time I did, we would physically hand off a phone, which made for interesting times. With either the newly oncall or the previously oncall being able to update the number, that handoff now becomes virtual. Sorry -- I didn't mean to imply that Google Voice was a competitor, rather to say that a Google Voice-like service (with many tweaks) would work perfectly for this goal. I think recently, another interesting proof for this is the Joker's note. Watching the Dark Knight behind the scenes commentary, Hans Zimmer talks about how he thought the most chill-inspiring theme for Joker wouldn't be an intricate composition, but one slightly sour note played at length. Other sounds and effects were layered upon it to fit with the soundtrack, but the effect is amazing, simultaneously warning the audience of the joker's presence and inspiring suspense at the same time. Well, for what it's worth, it's true at least in my case. I honestly don't have the experience to build file system indexing, low level crypto modules, etc. I could never build a database, period. I consider web programming to be the way of the future, so I've never bothered to learn the things I would need to fill those gaps, but at the same time, I do understand that you often have to write filesystem things to be served over the web. Simply put, if you can do it in Python, I'm your guy -- if it needs to be C or (gasp) Assembly, I am absolutely NOT your guy (tho I have dabbled, for the goofs.) While it is an overly broad, sweeping statement that simply doesn't work for a lot of developers, it is at least true in plenty of cases. I might not be representative of the average, but I'm guessing most web devs do consider web development an easier way out. I certainly did. In furtherance of your point, a friend of mine worked for as a civil engineer involved with traffic planning in a medium city. A relevant tidbit (which I only assume to be true as, while it is perfectly logical, is not something I've ever heard taught, so take with salt) is that the solid white lines approaching an intersection are measured, and designed to act as guide markers for yellow lights, at least as originally timed. The way it's supposed to work, is that if you're doing the spped limit and the light turns yellow, you should not stop if you are within the solid white lines, but should stop if you are outside of them. Again, I don't know if this is 100% true, or if it is, whether it applies to all metro areas or just in Memphis, TN. 5% on what scale? I run a breakeven message board that could benefit significantly from SEO, but it's current revenue model is ad driven, and only breaks even most of the time ($75 a month is break even.) That may be true, but tryruby.hobix.com is GONE, and that is a travesty of the highest proportions. That was the page I learned my first bits of Ruby on. That was the page I introduced 8 friends to Ruby for the first time. It was the page I single-handedly got our contract renewed, by proving a piece of functionality was possible and easily done. I think for many, it was an easy way in to Ruby. Someone must replace this immediately. For what it's worth, this impacts me enough that I've looked, and I couldn't find it. If I had, I likely would have already been fast at work trying to put up a replacement, if only to have something to link to the people who are sure to ask me what happened to it. My wife actually noticed yesterday that it was gone before I got around to reading all the comments on HN about Why's departure. I eventually told her that he was basically dead. Her response? "How am I going to learn Ruby now?" I of course have installed a local interpreter, but she really liked the lessons. I haven't gotten a chance to actually use the app yet, but clicking around, I have to say that the app is just gorgeous. I look very forward to using this. Perhaps I should whip something up more central to web businesses than halfbakery is? I mean, it's a good concept of course, but if I'm looking for entrepreneurial web ideas, I have to figure out whether they're in 'business', 'computing', 'culture', etc. Also, many of those ideas suck, which is fixed easily enough with moderation, but it makes you wonder how many people would have upvoted Twitter or Facebook as an idea? I'm guessing far fewer than use the service, for sure. I am reminded by this of my trip to the National Crypto Museum on NSA's campus, north of DC. It's a real treat if you're a geek, what with the old hardware and crypto devices, but one of the pieces there is a picture. The picture was mailed to a US senator as a gift from children, who had supposedly painted it. However, during a later bugsweep, it turned out that the frame contained a radio device, and had transmitted endlessly since its hanging. I remember thinking how perfectly the gift had been designed, how innocuous the packaging, and how cleverly the delivery mechanism. With regard to the cost to secret price ratio, I'm going out on a limb to say that as a non-threat to the nation, I'd happily pay a thousand dollars to see what ACTUALLY goes on behind closed doors of high ranking political officials. I can only imagine how much more worthwhile it would be if I had my freedom riding on it. My only real concern with this is that Disney will decide that the more adult titles don't align with their core values. Garth Ennis' run on the Punisher, for example, is extremely good, and extremely violent by necessity. I have a hard time imagining Disney allowing that to remain as it is. After I passed my teen years, I'd pretty much written off Marvel for grown-up stories, favoring DC/Vertigo/Dark Horse, etc., as they seemed more willing to service the non-teen crowd. Marvel regained my business when they added their Max and Knights lines, which are pretty much all I'm buying of them lately. Nor do you with Android. It goes entirely through Google Checkout -- Unless you've never set up Checkout (which is admittedly a lot more likely than not having set up Paypal, or a competitor) then you just need your CO credentials. I don't know why I can't reply to icey's response to this, unless it's too much nesting -- the line is the same, but it may exist in a variety of positions on the slider. I do not believe that he meant you would draw the line for can, and the line for should in different places, rather, that they are simply not in the same place for all people. Really? The way my desk area is set up is I guess a vastly different use case from yours. My laptop is primarily mobile -- I take it to work, work from coffee shops, the couch, etc., but when I want to do something that I need need more of a desktop setting for (I can't do image editing on the couch, or without a mouse, or without a large screen usually) I just plug the laptop into the docking station. The docking station is connected to an external hard drive for backups, speakers for sound, external monitor, keyboard, mouse, power cable, Line 6 Pod XT guitar pedal and mixing board. It allows me the flexibility of having a convenient desktop setup while still maintaining the portability I bought a laptop for. I'm surprised more people don't use it, as it seems like the edge case here instead of the norm. I suppose that's true, but then I'd still have to plug in a USB cable even. I guess I just really like the idea of not having to plug in ANYTHING. If I'm away from the docking station, I mumble curse words when I have to plug in so much as an ethernet cable. Chemed, the parent company of Roto-Rooter, is trading at $42 a share and has a market cap of $944.82M. This was what I honestly considered the biggest loss with regards to _why's disappearance. I am literally ecstatic to have this back online. The only thing that could make this better would be if it were presented by _why (him|her)self. I don't expect any upvotes on this comment, but if you're in the Annapolis, MD area, I've got a guest room (or couch if you really want) that you're welcome to. Money. I suspect that Dru could make quite the counterfeiter if he decided to be. Having done almost this exact thing, the issue is that 4 out of 5 large websites will have blocked you buy your fifth poll for abusing their service. I always thought that it was somewhat ironic that nobody had a problem with me refreshing slashdot.org every 10 seconds trying to get a first post, but that they had a very large problem when my rss poll hit them more than once an hour (is at least what their recommended interval used to be.) In the past my strategy was basically that. Load a static page from cache wherever possible. If the user performs a vote, or submit, or what have you, write it to the database, but just perform the update on the user's local page in the DOM. "My hunch is that most companies could increase revenue by simply adding a very high-end offering, even if they never sell a single one of those expensive units." This strikes a parallel to something 37Signals once said, many moons ago, though I believe I had misinterpreted their point. When they said it (or when I read it,) I assumed it meant that you should definitely throw a premium option out there because there are some people who always buy the premium option... even those who wouldn't consider buying a less-than-premium option. It honestly never occurred to me that its primary purpose is to make the other prices look smaller by comparison. I've always expected city-wide WiFi to fail if it were provided by the government. I've never really understood what the advantage for the government was, unless the assumption was that it would add to the network infrastructure of the city for city use, which is silly, as they wouldn't be able to use it for private communications. As a tax-payer, I can't imagine wanting to pay for something like that either, at least not above what I already pay my wireless carrier. I agree that it would be a nicety, but given the underfunding of most schools / bridge / roads / etc., I can't honestly imagine wanting some of my tax dollars to go toward WiFi, of all things. For the most part, we were serving a generic page, except for prior actions done by the user. The only major differences between your page and my page, for example, is that article 5 might not show vote links at all, if I had previously voted on them. For the most part, we accomplished this through cookies. If the cookie exists, read in a hashmap of activities you've recently performed, and update the page DOM based on those. If the cookie didn't exist, then go ahead and do a full query from the db, repop the cache and build the cookie. That said, we noticed that in a lot of cases, that wasn't ideal, and we started rendering partial templates -- so instead of loading a whole page from cache, we would load page parts, basically one part for each article. This worked well, as each template was basically a pre-rendered static file, and we only had two basic states to work with -- whether the user had voted on this before or not. Our new strategy then was to query just the indexed table for a user's recent votes, separately query an index for which articles to display, and load the templates for the to-be-displayed articles based upon the user's vote state. That allowed the page to render a lot faster, but kept the box under more load. Though we suspect it would have scaled well enough (had the project not eventually fizzled out), it wasn't ideal server-side, though delivered a vastly superior end-user experience. YMMV. But we don't know that Yodlee isn't doing 170M revenues a year either. Getting aquired and making money don't necessarily equate to each other in the most obvious ways. Youtube was a huge money sink, and got a huge acquisition. Mint is, I believe at least, somewhat profitable, and only got $170M. The timing had a lot more to do with it than anything, but as a consumer, I'm a LOT more likely to give money to Mint than Youtube, and the YouTube founders are arguably a lot richer than the Mint founders. I suspect that it has less to do with CloudKick's current capabilities and more to do with its potential. As soon as I get a chance, I'm going to sit down with melito to get more of a tour of Sliceapp. The potential possibility for me to stage apps and deployment necessities SOMEWHERE and spool that up across any number of servers / datacenters / hosting providers is a VERY tempting idea indeed. That I could potentially change hosting providers for my app without downtime is an idea I think a LOT of people could get behind. CloudKick and Sliceapp are in-roads to that level of capability, and if executed well enough, could literally change the way we think of hosting forever. Depending, it might still be worthwhile to use the bigger image vs. the overhead of an extra request. At least until you can shrink it down further anyway. But if you're testing them both in a VM, wouldn't you consider this a valid performance benchmark for those looking to run their instance in a cloud VM? I mean, I think I get your point, in that this benchmark doesn't apply to those running bare metal... but isn't the obvious counterpoint that this is an especially useful benchmark for those running in a VM? Unless you're running an Active Directory domain, more than likely. And really, this isn't that confusing. http://www.microsoft.com/windows/windows-7/compare-editions/... You might be dismissing the point too soon. To the lay-person, junk DNA looks like as useless a feature as a ridge in a door panel, or dummy pathways on a chip. To an expert auto-maker, the purpose of the panel ridges is obvious, structural rigidity. To an expert chip-maker, the purpose of dummy pathway is obvious. To Our Holy Creator Who Art in Heaven (or whomever you wish to credit our creation), it is possible that our junk DNA has a very obvious purpose that we have yet to divine. What strikes me as worrisome is that, at least by the tone of the article, there is no possible doubt in Arrington's mind that the screenshot exists, and that it is EXACTLY what was claimed to him, and he hasn't even seen it. I'm sure it's a somewhat thin argument, but I personally would think they'd start reserving their over-committal in the wake of the Facebook-picture-fax thing. I mean, they bought that hook, line and sinker, and that was a hoax they at least SAW. I can't speak for device development, but the way in which I've always cheated this was to capture common resolutions, and watch for resize events. Basically, I would build 320x240.css, 640x480.css, 800x600.css, etc., have an event listener polling for windowWidth, and change to the best stylesheet available. If you were, for example, at 799px width, you got the 640x480 display. This was, of course, labor intensive, so you don't do this for everything. The last project I employed this on was done many years ago, and HAD TO look good at almost any resolution. This worked out well, except for images (which there were very very few of in this app), but that could be swapped out on resize as well, if you were really had to make it perfect. I think often-times those types of acquisitions are just to get the talent, or the IP from the product, moreso than to launch a new product outright. Where I see problems of course is that so often startups are acquired by bigger competitors who probably have the best of intentions, but can't help but stifle the newly acquired employees into doing things 'their way'... Their way of course being the way that allowed the startup to eat up so much of their market share with minimal funding, yadda yadda. I dunno if it's just me, but for the anal-retentive bastard in me, I ESPECIALLY hate seeing typos in PDF. Inexplicably, I am much more forgiving of them on web pages, as in HTML files and the like. There's a sense of permanence to a PDF that just makes the mistake all the more heinous. I think I was equally as surprised to see Talasim which, as far as I can tell, doesn't really have IP per se -- just content. I didn't know that simple content providers would even be considered for funding, honestly. Love 'em or hate 'em, I initially heard about Dropbox on Techcrunch.com. I immediately signed up for the free 2Gb account (as I usually sign up for almost anything free). I think it was a couple of weeks later before I ever got around to installing it on a second PC and actually using the sync functionality across boxes, and probably a day or so after that their usability and overall perfection convinced me to buy. Just today I went through the process of associating my gmail account to my wave account. As for whether or not it's a waste, if you were a developer looking to leverage the Wave platform, and have not already gotten an invite, I'd guess $100 is a very small price to pay for access. That's a clever idea, but I think it paints the solution in broad strokes. I don't know how, for example, it solves for "I really like 'The Talisman' by Stephen King, but hate 'The Stand' (or almost anything else he's written" for example. I agree with this 100%, and would also add that (while a workout will typically do it on its own) you should fix your posture immediately. One of the major things I notice when my wrists start getting irritated is that if I sit up straighter it helps. There are nerves running from thumbs to mid-back, and posture affects them immensely. Simply sitting correctly may (or may not, depending on how bad you habitually sit) be easier than exercise and provide more immediate remedy. Still, exercise. Definitely. I haven't tried anything like it, so I can't comment on the difficulty of creating the fingerprinting technology, and frankly, I'm not all that impressed with Shazam. But as I understand it, Pandora uses the same Music Genome data to make its suggestions, and that is REALLY magic. In the form of IETester, yes. Otherwise, I believe no, except through virtual machines. The oars move more than a little through the water. It isn't the immutability of the water that allows for traction, it is the drag, or perhaps resistance is a more appropriate term, that gives bite to the oars in the water. I've heard plenty of US-born / US-raised developers use the term as well. Moreso when I lived in the South than when I moved to the DC metro area. Another pet peeve of mine are people who "Administrate" computers. I don't know of a polite way to correct them short of correctly using "Administer" in sentences that follow, but I usually come away from that feeling as if they think I'm the one using it incorrectly. Interesting. I ADMINISTER computers, but I used to BE a SYS ADMIN. Administer is a verb to me, and admin a noun. Either way, your suggestion doesn't offend me 1 millionth as much as administrate does, in either usage. I withheld a similar comment, not SO MUCH from this one blog post, but from reading others on the blog as well. As somebody who routinely works 12 hour days, I've found that I don't need any special system to make it work, I just have to be willing to do it. That said, I just tolerate it. I'm not working on anything for myself right now, and while I like the work, I don't necessarily love the way our customer / management want us to work. That means I don't have a magical system to make it more tolerable, I just do the work, as I'm expected to, and try my damnedest to kick ass at it while I do. The main thing I got out of the article though, is that he isn't really working a 12 hour day at all. Between taking breaks every hour, exercising, taking a lunch break, etc., it seems that the REAL secret to working a 12 hour day is to not ACTUALLY work a 12 hour day. I recently picked up Betty Edwards' "Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain" book. Supposedly, it's been updated recently, to contain her most recent knowledge on mark-making and 'seeing' the drawing in life. I used to be quite a decent pencilist, but after 18 years of not having drawn a lick, and perhaps relating to the drugs that were consumed during my teenage years, I've simply forgotten how to do anything, how to even see the marks that need making, to complete even rudimentary drawings. I'm only a few pages in, but at least on the premise, the referenced book in this works on similar principles. Ah. Thanks for the clarification. I don't know what I misread to get to that conclusion, but I am admittedly only 12 pages into the Edwards book. 10 figures = 1 BILLION. I have to agree with the OP on this. I think it's BS. LOL. I meant to reply to the other guy. What was the subscriber base of satellite radio before Howard Stern left for it? I've also noticed that Google Voice, despite its awesome feature set, is just not very reliable. I absolutely prefer to use it as my primary phone number, but I've noticed repeated problems with just using the service, a good deal of the time. Outbound calls (from my phone) that use the Google Voice service often times just don't connect. Inbound calls often don't ring my phone, and go straight to voice mail. I've never noticed an SMS message fail altogether, but I have seen a number of occasions in which it was delayed so significantly that it might as well have. Perhaps the most important glitch to me (and this isn't a service complaint, so much) is that MMS messages are just ignored. I don't receive them, or any notification that one was sent, and from what I can tell, there is no message / delivery failure sent to the sender either. This is a problem for me. Despite all these problems, I still LIKE Google Voice, and continue to use it, despite its unreliability. If I'm dealing with time-sensitive matters or financially sensitive ones, I just give out my non-IP phone number, to ensure that I at least get the calls, but my main want for Google Voice is to replace my regular number, so that I can change phones & carriers at will, that doesn't really sit well either. I agree with most of what you've said, but I just wanted to offer that there is a middle ground between "making money" and "spending money." Offtopic, Cloudkick is a very sexy offering, and it's priced for a certain set of customers, which may or may not fit you or I, but ideally, I'd like for them to find a cost structure that scales a little better, perhaps. 10% of the cost of the server might work better for users with less than 10 servers, for example. I'm in almost the exact same boat, though I find that much of my job is in just predicting pitfalls, and in anticipating when things won't work. As a federal contractor for an agency that prefers to use COTS/GOTS software, there is a surprisingly great need for having a developer that can look at a given piece of software, intuit how it works, probe its sales and development teams to say "Well, this claims to do Kerberos authentication, but it really does GSSAPI, and hence, won't work with your existing OpenSSO implementation." I also code a lot, mentor other developers, etc., and yes, it IS a great role. It's been happening to me all day. I first noticed it this morning, when I read the article about TechCrunch being hacked, and for a minute, assumed THAT was the hack. Had the hack actually been just an endlessly repetitive advertisement, in lieu of any content on the site, I would have considered that as poignant a hack as I've seen. Somebody else said it above, but yes, I would like for the map to narrow down based on my approximate location now. Also, if you could pre-fetch some content to auto-populate the map with pushpins, that would help me figure out what to do next a lot easier, I believe. Pre-population could be done with recently added items, or top rated items, perhaps? Oh, it IS a good deal, especially if you're already inclined to use Godaddy. As an aside, Deal-seeking Twitter users should probably go ahead and follow @dealsplus, as they broadcast this same deal last night, and often broadcast numerous deals throughout the day. When Oracle acquired BEA, they took them offline for awhile. This sucked, as the BEA products seem to demand frequent trips to the online references, and troubleshooting guides. Actually, it still sucks, because although they have replaced most of the documentation that was available (the most valuable bits were the dev2dev and forum areas) they often link back to BEA, which redirects you to Oracle's front page, or to the front of their BEA documentation section, but absolutely never to anywhere resembling where the link was intending to go. Honestly, it would probably seem even more juvenile. I just re-read it a few months ago, and almost came away from it wondering what I'd ever seen in such a book. Of course, this is decades removed from my 'damn the man' phase in life, but I found it wholly unrelatable, and even annoying in large parts of it. I agree with the premise, but would also caveat that Catcher was a much better read for me when I was about the same age as Holden was. I could identify then with his feelings, with his inability to succinctly sum up his thoughts, with his need to accentuate things that really didn't need accentuating, etc. The style worked for me (even though I'm decidedly not from the era of its original readers) because even though the vernacular is dated, it was still relevant to the mannerisms I spoke with in my teens and (maybe) early twenties. Reading it again now, in my thirties, it is dramatically different. Not because I've read other books that imitated the style, or because it has become cliche, but because I am very far removed, mentally, from how I was when I first read it. In case anybody else doesn't see it immediately (it took me a couple of tries) -- the 'funny' bit is that it automagically appends "Read More: " to your selection. I haven't pored through their code, but I already know that my initial suspicion (binding CTRL+C with JS) isn't accurate, as right-clicking -> copy also appends it. It's interesting at the very least, and I don't know how they're doing it. Anybody have an idea? Failure to finish. I've had, to date, 7 ideas that, had I finished executing, I would have been first to market (in most cases, by years). I would have been beaten to market on one other product, and really close to tied with another few. In imaginary-land, where I live, of the 7 companies I beat to market, 4 of them had million dollar + exits or acquisitions, so I COULD have been worth 45-55 million, give or take. My number one challenge in doing anything is not having somebody else to motivate me, or even just tell me what to do. With almost everything I do, I solve the challenges first; the bits that otherwise make the product, or the bits that aren't obviously going to work... once I've built those out, the project is mentally done for me. I will often fail to do the little things, the EASY things even, like building the change password page, or sending an email for account creation, etc. I'm so bad at it, even, that I will often stop after I have figured out HOW to solve the problems, without ever even bothering to actually implement. So yeah, that's why I'm stuck with my 9-to-5. Good question. Wow. I didn't realize you could run Microsoft IIS on Linux. :-\ Somebody needs to learn how to read a Netcraft response, I think. There's probably just a load balancer or something in front of it running Linux. Hopefully none of the participants of this thread take on the task. ;-)