I can't speak for Share This, but here's some actual data for AddThis from my site, http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ : Past year: 1.5 million visits, 4.7 million pageviews, and 108 "saves" via AddThis. In the past month, 40% of saves were for Facebook, 40% for Google Bookmarks, and 20% for browser bookmarks. Go to UC Berkeley. Is that realistic? Running random AdSense + 20,000 people a day = "more than" $1,000 a month? The reason I ask is that my site gets about 7,000 unique visitors a day. If 20,000 = $35 a day, 7,000 = $12.25 a day. I make about half that. I don't recall seeing any articles on HN about advertising options (AdSense vs. AdBrite vs...) or optimization. (Though it's possible I've simply missed them.) Any good resources I should investigate? http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ You just need a bit better ads. I'd be quite happy with better ads, but my understanding is that one's control over what AdSense ads display on one's site is limited. Using the "competitive ad filter" you can explicitly block specific ads, but there's no opposite analogue: you can't say what kind of ads you want to run on certain pages. The ads that run are up to Google's discretion. It does its best to determine what the page is about and shows ads accordingly. Perhaps I need to tweak the template text, meta description, and meta keywords - but again, Google has final control over what ads are run. Do you think the ads are improperly placed? Thanks for the feedback! I actually used to have the big vertical ad ("wide skyscraper") in the right sidebar (where the "Subscribe to updates" etc. boxes are) but it performed terribly. Putting it where it is now increased clickthroughs by something like 10x. BTW, Google's AdSense terms "[prohibit] placing ads under misleading headings such as 'resources' or 'helpful links.'" https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=... > I'm not sure whether to be annoyed that their installer messes with my system configuration... Could you add more details / post a link before I try installing? I didn't see anything in the release notes, etc. Thanks. I took a class from George at Berkeley. We used Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and Its Challenge to Western Thought as the text. Absolutely fascinating stuff. The article ( http://edge.org/3rd_culture/boroditsky09/boroditsky09_index.... ) is well worth reading. She explains that English speakers will usually refer to a "short movie" or "long movie," and that Spanish and Greek speakers will usually say "small movie" or "big movie." Then: "Our research into such basic cognitive abilities as estimating duration shows that speakers of different languages differ in ways predicted by the patterns of metaphors in their language. (For example, when asked to estimate duration, English speakers are more likely to be confused by distance information, estimating that a line of greater length remains on the test screen for a longer period of time, whereas Greek speakers are more likely to be confused by amount, estimating that a container that is fuller remains longer on the screen.)" That one parenthetical sentence blew my mind. Edit: Added some missing context to the article quote. > I wonder if he really will? Really will what? "Bill Gates recently bought the rights to a series of lectures by legendary Caltech physicist Richard Feynman." Do you mean spend money to open source books? > Keeping very many bookmarks or history items seems to destroy performance... Amen to that. I have ~12,000 bookmarks, and FF3 on Windows takes ~10 seconds to both start up and shut down. > Why would you have that many bookmarks? Why shouldn't I? Firefox 2 handled it fine. Automattic has released their TOS and privacy policy under CC-SA. http://en.wordpress.com/tos/ http://automattic.com/privacy/ How much karma do I need for that privilege? How so? > "Uh, I'd love to say we have a plan," Torvalds replied to applause and chuckles from the audience. "I mean, sometimes it's a bit sad that we are definitely not the streamlined, small, hyper-efficient kernel that I envisioned 15 years ago...The kernel is huge and bloated, and our icache footprint is scary. A friend of mine trained himself to be able of lucid dreaming, but stopped with it when he began to have "nested" dreams... I experience that with normal dreams. I suspect it happens to anyone who has a vivid dreamlife. I wouldn't let this scare off any would-be lucid dreamers. > ...the Ctrl+K combination to get straight to the keyword box is equally useful for those who use one search engine... It's actually not. When typing in either the keyword box or the URL box, it shows similar previous searches in a dropdown. The URL box's method is superior: For suggestions, the keyword box does a "StartsWith" query against your previous searches. The URL box does a "Contains" query. The keyword box has a delay between when you stop typing and when previous searches are displayed. The URL box does not. (Firefox 3.0. Can't speak for other versions.) Google Begins Fixing Usenet Archive http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2009/10/usenet_fix/ From yesterday: Microsoft/Danger lose Sidekick user data in server failure http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=873882 54 points by bensummers 1 day ago | 63 comments > I would expect with all the revelations lately about Microsoft's behavior... What, in particular, are you talking about? > Perhaps he is referring to the sidekick/danger bump in the road... I thought that might be the case. > ...gaining... strained vendor relationships. With who, aside from T-mobile / Danger? If this incident is what the OP is talking about, I don't see how it's relevant for current or prospective Windows Mobile licensees. Very interesting. Keyword = "crush" = brief description = "this person considers the referenced person to be a crush (i.e. has a crush on the referenced person)" Keyword = "date" = brief description = "this person considers the referenced person to be a date (i.e. is dating the referenced person)" I'd argue that considering a person to be " a date " does not imply that one is dating that person. Doctorow: "In meta-utopia, the lab-coated guardians of epistemology sit down and rationally map out a hierarchy of ideas..." http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm > Much to my surprise the only mail I've got so far is people that are literally ecstatic that their pages weren't lost and people that send me their backups for inclusion. I seem to recall a recent post on another site about this - reddit maybe - about parallel efforts to archive GeoCities, and whether everyone was working together for maximum benefit. Did you make that post? If you could respond and link to it, I'd appreciate it. EDIT: Gotta be honest that I don't recall what exactly I'm talking about. Here are a couple reddit links for anyone curious: The making of Reocities.com - one man's attempt to archive the entire contents of Geocities.com http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/9yne3/the_saving... The Saving of Geocities, a tale of bandwidth and stress, most if not all Geocities content saved! http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/9yne3/the_saving... Attention downvoters: You are apparently not familiar with analogy syntax. Daemmerung is simply asking if there is a similar plugin, but using emacs syntax. AltaVista was great (or at least sufficient) until they disabled searching for phrases, which made them useless. It was at that point I switched to Google. Though AltaVista lost in a big way to Google, is it fair to say they are one of the 12 most tarnished brands? The Online Slang Dictionary - http://onlineslangdictionary.com The opinion of those who know significantly more than me is that newLisp is to be avoided. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=788157 In most anything written by a fan of newLisp, you'll find something like the following (taken from the linked article): > Today, unfortunately, whenever someone mentions newLISP on an online forum frequented by adherents of another LISP, an almost clan-like flame war will erupt. An adherent of one particular dialect, usually someone who has never used newLISP, will shout obscenities such as, "newLISP goes back on just about every advancement made by LISPs", or "dynamic scope is evil!" Maybe there's something to newLisp, but any time I see a group with that flavor of persecution complex ("All the criticism is wrong because they just don't understand !") I take pause. I haven't read (in your article or elsewhere) sufficient defense for newLisp's choice of o Lazy evaluation ("fexprs") over Lisp macros o "One-Reference-Only" memory management over garbage collection o Dynamic scope over lexical scope But you've found it "the easiest [Lisp] to setup, deploy, and develop for"? Great! newLisp has fantastic documentation and a helpful community? Perfect! I full-heartedly agree with zephjc: "if it works, it works, and more power to you." They're not productizing this any time soon. Read up on Gordon Bell and the MyLifeBits project. But software that reminds you of things for senimental life-lookback type stuff definitely has its niche. Absolutely. I'm sad this won't be productized soon (or ever.) Discussions about Microsoft tend to go a particular direction. I simply wanted to temper any Microsoft-will-by-default-show-my-kids-the-porn-I've-watched witch burning. > You can't patent something that has been publicly disclosed, including disclosure by yourself. Commercial use counts as disclosure. Incorrect. IANAL, so I will not attempt to correct you. I suspect YANAL either. Year-to-file is obviously different than cannot-file. making an invention != disclosure != filing != obtaining a patent. I was originally pointing out a fact lest others be led astray, but I'm not going to reply further. Rereading the thread, I think I misunderstood 10ren's point. I think we are all actually in vehement agreement. :) Apologies. Here are a couple pages I found in my bookmarks that contain some data. "Blasting the Myth of the Fold (2007)" http://www.boxesandarrows.com/view/blasting-the-myth-of "The myth of the page fold: evidence from user testing (2009)" http://www.cxpartners.co.uk/thoughts/the_myth_of_the_page_fo... > Most of my revenue has been been from virus and malware removal. I coupled the virus/malware removal with an antivirus installation service for $19 and most people gladly paid it. Once a computer has become infected, it's fairly impossible to determine if the infection has been completely eradicated.[1] I wonder that that $19 buys you. A few executions of anti-malware software until they claim "Clean"? [1] I realize that even in the absence of a known infection it's "impossible" to know whether you're infected. > For the love of god not VB. By "Visual Basic" I suspect he means VB.net. Do you have problems with VB.net or with VB 6 and prior versions? I've been working (very slowly) on a VMWare VM tailored for Lisp hacking. I posted to http://www.lispforum.com/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=588 to gauge demand. It didn't seem like there's much. I still plan on eventually "completing" it, but at the moment I'm sick of trying to get Emacs to behave in some small ways like other editors. > This much seems clear: the iPad will change how mobile workers work. Cops, postal workers, meter readers, field technicians & scientists, doctors, you name it. I'm afraid I haven't been paying attention: is there a brief, cogent argument for why the iPad will do this whereas the Tablet PC form factor did not? Wow. http://arclanguage.org/install should really be updated then. Self-taught? Uni course? What resources are you using? etc. The navigation on the front page is terrible. It's impossible to know that "n days left" means n days left of normal sleep , and hence those should be read first. I was able to figure out the nav only after clicking the links and checking the "posted-on" dates. 2dparts.com > Connection was reset while loading. > The page isn't redirecting properly > Firefox has detected that the server is redirecting the request for this address in a way that will never complete. > This problem can sometimes be caused by disabling or refusing to accept cookies. Screw it. > It was not even in principle possible for Mozilla, Opera and others to implement XHR as originally implemented by MS, since to do so would require implementing ActiveX support. Incorrect. The code to create an XHR object in IE looked something like this: var xhr = new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.XMLHTTP.6.0"); Any browser could absolutely have supported creating XHR objects in this manner without being forced to support ActiveX. What about if they use Scheme instead? Or switch not from C/C++ to Java, but from Scheme to Python? Hogwash. No good developer does what you describe, no matter what tools they use. > But making a living writing code, maybe even important code? Far more likely than you'd like to think. I've never seen developers who work this way: not in industry - not even in college. In my experience, the "mess around with the code arbitrarily until it works" style described by liuliu is the programmer's equivalent of a moral panic. Everyone talks about it and laments it, but it doesn't really happen. > I'm not even going to write about how this applies to hackers and why it could be a good lesson. ...How does it apply to hackers? Either I'm extremely dense, or everyone is projecting their own opinion on your vague comment. > to me this absolutely proves beyond any reasonable doubt that the software patent threat from Microsoft is real and not just some abstract academic debate. Honest question follows after the quote. http://www.techflash.com/seattle/2010/05/microsoft_sues_sale... > "Although Microsoft has been a frequent target of patent-infringement claims itself, it's only the fourth time in its history that the Redmond company has filed a patent-infringement suit against a competitor, and the company has said in the past that it views such actions as a last resort when it has been unable to negotiate a licensing deal." Do you use technology provided by (just throwing out names) Google, Apple, HTC, Oracle, etc.? Have they proven to be less litigious? If you do use technology provided by other companies, are you also planning on scaling back their use? > The turnover at MS seems to be intensifying. I haven't heard of any other high-profile departures recently. Have you? > On one hand, expect to hear many people outside Microsoft to boo this move since J. Allard seemed to be one of those "young executives who Got It". On the other hand, Steve Ballmer is left with less choices seeing those red numbers in Excel Spreadsheet almost overflowing whatever the data type in cell G-14, H-15 and K-25. I'm confused. Did you read the article? "The Entertainment & Devices Division has posted operating profits in the company's most recent two fiscal years, and it's on track for another profitable year, rebounding from the billions of dollars in losses it posted as the Xbox business was getting up to speed." Why on earth would "this shake-up" be needed? I can't tell if you're talking about Microsoft as a whole or E&D specifically. Because you bring up laptops and Bing, I'll assume the former. > Microsoft isn't used to being second fiddle. Hell, look at how they're stagnating in the web browser arena. Microsoft plays second fiddle all the time . Aside from Windows, Office, and (_maybe_) VS, nearly all their products are ranked second (or lower) in popularity. MSN Messenger. Bing. Windows Mobile / CE. Xbox. Windows Server. IIS. SQL Server. > Bing is an also ran that can't even come close to Google's dominance, no matter how much money they throw at consumers with that cashback scheme. I've heard good things about Bing. Claiming they bought all their users is disingenuous. > When the vast majority of users are obsessed with social networking, writing small little text/tweets, bite-size 2D addictive casual games with one-button control, and playing music and youtube videos, how are you going to cash in on that if you're a Microsoft? Try to replicate Zynga and Twitter? Then what? You don't, and you then compare the current financials of Microsoft, Zynga, and Twitter. > Maybe -- and this could be the key -- MS needs to start _aquiring_ technologies instead of trying to reinvent them like they're some garage startup. Microsoft acquires companies _all the time_. It's a common criticism: "Microsoft has never created anything. They've just bought out companies that create things." "Like some garage startup"? Hardly. > Go buy some big sexy new technology, actually ship it (or hell, ship surface/origami/courier/etc.). Whatever criticism Microsoft deserves, failing to ship is hardly among it. > But then again, didn't they clean up (or there were some stuff going on) their Online divisions couple months ago (or even last 1 or 2 years ago)? I believe so, but I don't recall specifics. > Once in a while, there will be divisions that would require some changes. Couple years ago, Vista (or the OS div) was the main target. They moved Steven Sinofsky from Office to OS. Sure. My original point (in response to you) was that E&D is in the black - not the red - so your vision of Balmer "seeing those red numbers in Excel Spreadsheet almost overflowing whatever the data type in cell G-14, H-15 and K-25" simply doesn't exist. > PS: I'm probably speculating. And I'm trying to bring everyone back to earth. :) > The main reason a Mac user is more secure than a Windows one is because a Mac system is running on a sounder security architecture (not administrator by default, etc.) In specific ways, how is OS X's security architecture more sound than Vista or Windows 7? Badly designed applications have nothing to do with Vista or greater's "security architecture", so that leaves UAC. Do you feel UAC has a worse security design than the privilege escalation mechanism on OS X? Or - since you mention teaching end users - are you talking about a user education issue? http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ -----Uniques (March) Google Analytics - 470k uniques Compete - 124k Quantcast - 156k (not "quantified") -----Rank (at present) Alexa - 19,730 in the US Compete - 16,735 (US?) Quantcast - 12,957 in the US > The 60 cents Apple gains from a $1.99 app barely covers credit card fees (for multiple currencies), bandwidth fees, bank fees to send money to developer, and paying salaries for all those app reviewers. What's your source for this? > MobileSafari is not the new IE. You said exactly why it is the new IE: > The vendor prefix bullshit of the last few years is going to be around for at least another decade, with every CSS3 property being set three goddamn times because the vendors will have shipped support for the prefixed version for several major releases before they think about blessing it. I wish y'all would only do that stuff in beta releases to keep it out of the wild. > a bit buggy Anything off the top of your head that you've been bit by? All those "sometimes" seems to suggest that Parrot is much more than a bit buggy. A memory leak is one thing, but segfaults and assertion failures... Down to brass tacks: is this thing usable in its current state? No it's not. It's describing a very specific situation. She looks---really looks---at her husband and realizes that outside of his consumer marketing instincts and technical wizardry and (increasingly infrequent) write-ups in TechCrunch and VentureBeat and his nouveau confidence, he's quite boring. He was one of the guys she scrunched her nose at in high school. She married someone she wasn't particularly interested in for what his money could buy her, and came to realize he is boring. The story doesn't make generalizations about all women. IIS6. blech. Is IIS 7.5 closer to those targets? Did you use Hunch behind a reverse proxy? By bringing down the level of discourse here, you've magnificently proven NathanKP's point. IIS7 is still awful compared to pretty much any of the major linux-based webservers. I'm a few days late on this, but curious: by what measure(s) do you mean that? > FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment Kindly, justify this statement. > In fact, I don't think any game where the central mechanic involves clicking on isometric squares repeatedly to plant and harvest virtual crops is entertaining. I'm still unclear on your argument. Are you saying that any activity that people engage in, that you don't find entertaining, was invented solely to be addictive? Okay, here goes: FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment, it's only intended to addict you (to Zynga's benefit). That's an absolutely ridiculous statement, and I'm shocked that it has gotten so many upvotes on Hacker News. Slashdot, sure, but not here. Do you have any insight into Zynga's development of the game? If not you have no grounds upon which to make that hyperbolic statement. ...Unless you're arguing that anything you don't find entertaining was therefore designed solely to be addictive. Farmville, in particular, was designed to be addictive at the cost of being entertaining. Are you saying that its entertainment value is lessened by its addictive aspect, or that it's not entertaining at all? If the former, your original statement needs modification. Just about everyone I know - including people who play FarmVille - agree that it's really not very fun, but the app (I hesitate to call it a "game") compels them forward with a number of addictive mechanics. Few people I know classify watching TV as "fun," but it passes the time and is entertaining. No offense, but it really sounds like you have a horse in this race - do you work for Zynga? None taken. I absolutely have no relationship whatsoever with Zynga. Consider the argument Television isn't intended to provide entertainment, it's only intended to addict you (to the networks' benefit). I can't imagine it would be so uncritically received by Hacker News. Clearly FarmVille has addictive elements, like any game. I'm shocked that Hacker News so enthusiastically accepts that "FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment", and is punishing me for saying so. My boss expects me to be a jack of all trades. That's usually fun, but he holds me responsible for the success of projects I'm clearly unqualified for. Conversely, he forces me to do a lot of mindless work when I'd rather be writing interesting code. The hours suck. Most of my awake time is spent at work, and I don't get paid overtime. I don't get benefits. I've got to pay out of pocket for health and dental, which isn't cheap. The work is gratifying (and there's no shortage of it) but it's a hard slog. I'd say the only big perk is that I can pretty much take as much vacation as I'd like. (Though it is non-paid.) Is it worth it? At the moment, no... but I do get equity in the business and I hope the investment will pay off in the future. I'm my own boss. I am working as a external contractor for few clients, fixing 15 years old shitty code bases. Do I like it? No. Strangely, my favorite thing in the world is making nasty code beautiful. I guess in another life I'd be a home remodeler / furniture restorer / auto body specialist / ... Thanks for the response. Man cheer up a bit - it's a matter of outlook IMHO. Right. What I described is my reality, not how I feel day-to-day. That said, right now it still isn't worth it. Also, non-paid vacation is paid for by the long hours you put in, and necessary for you to continue doing the long hours. Finally, can you outsource some of the mindless work? I make only enough to cover living expenses, so vacation and outsourcing both would require debt. Also, can your significant other help with some things? No significant other. I thought you were trying to cheer me up! ;) That's cool. I take it the inputs are recorded with tick-level accuracy? Otherwise rand(time()) would screw everything up. Is that all there is to it, or am I missing something? He is wrong about the accuracy of speech recognition. I know he is wrong because I have actually used Speech Recognition to get real work done. As have I. The dictation capability built in to Vista / Windows 7 is really quite amazing. (They both also have voice control.) I'm an extremely fast typer, but dictating - even with time spent correcting mistakes - is quite a bit faster. ...have the entire hall smell like delicious chili... How do your floormates feel about that? I hope you at least share the chili with them. :) I'll be ... yep, tucked well away under Accessories/Ease of Access. Who knew? And try this one on for size: Microsoft Office 2003 came with built-in voice control and dictation, which could also be used in other applications! Yes, it did. But be careful: " In 2007, reports surfaced that Windows Speech Recognition could be used to remotely access and/or control a user's computer. Theoretically, playing a pre-recorded message containing Windows Speech Recognition commands could allow one to execute tasks on another computer remotely. " Why, that reads like a Wikipedia article about a Microsoft product! I found this article incredibly disturbing. Instead of plowing into the rear of the car ahead of him, he swerved to the right and popped up onto to sidewalk. In doing so, he accidently ran over a woman walking towards his oncoming car. He was incredibly ashamed of himself and profusely apologized. I was an extremely sensitive young boy. This would have been deeply affecting to me at the time. “It's okay. It's only a game. It's not real”, I reassured him. After a few minutes of me explaining the difference between a game and real life, he felt comfortable enough to continue playing. Dear god. I really hope the scene played out like: - Child was disturbed - Father was reassuring - Child continued playing entirely of his own volition And not like: - Child was disturbed - Father was reassuring and encouraged child to continue playing, because it's okay to kill people in a game - Child continued playing My main goal was to replace my voicemail... Most of them are hang-up messages from my mom or family member, so I mostly ignore them. Is that voicemail through your cell provider or Google Voice? I think every provider I've had since 2000 has filtered hang-up messages (presumably messages I think you are. By this definition, I am a customer of Google, as is anyone in this thread who uses a Google service. But I am not the final arbiter of meaning. The downvotes to my comment show that I am clearly wrong on this subject. I don't think I understand what you mean... Do you mean swapping the roles via inverting the sense of "giver of something of value" and "provider of service"? As in: "I provide Google the service of access to my personal data, and they give me use of Gmail as a payment, therefore Google is my customer." "I provide my vendor the service of access to currency, and they give me a product as a payment, therefore my vendor is my customer." That seems like a stretch, so I must be missing something. The guy was just expressing his opinion. What the fuck is with all the downvotes, HN? Did the karma requirement for earning downvote privileges get reduced? I might as well limit myself to Reddit. Same attitude, more content. Desktop monitor resolution is still at ~100dpi because no desktop OS has solved the scalable UI problem satisfactorily. I'm under the impression this isn't a problem. Scaling is a problem when you have bitmap images and try to scale from - say - an iPhone to an iPad. But on desktops, monitors aren't growing in size by a factor of ~2.77. If you leave the screen size the same but increase the DPI, bitmaps will look exactly the same. They might seem visually out-of-place next to crisper UI elements. Is that what you mean? Can anyone remember the last time MSFT innovated something (not followed an existing market/paradigm) and led the market by sheer quality of the innovation (not because of monopoly)? I can't remember the last time any tech company created a market/paradigm and then proceeded to lead it [1]. Can you think of any companies? [1] Presumably you meant for some particular measure of time. all the .Net baggage (Visual Basic anyone?) I don't understand this. What ".net baggage"? .net is a (huge) class framework that has evolved along with C#. How is Visual Basic relevant to C#? Are you talking about VB classic ? VB.net is just another language that compiles to the same IL as C#. Right. And strawmen like I know that there are many would disagree and claim that Mouse-driven IDEs and XML based configs are the way to move forward, but I firmly believe that such convictions stem from a lack of exposure. don't help the argument. While traditionally IE has lagged on web standards, the IE9 pre-releases are (I believe) the first browser to implement ECMAScript 5. We might not need to wait for IE12. Some portions of the Scheme community favor a much more dynamic semantics for macros, more in the Lisp tradition; others favor building macros on top of a more compilation-friendly semantics Forgive my ignorance, but aren't Lisp's semantics very compilation-friendly? Doesn't macro expansion happen at read-time? EDIT: I think that's the case for Common Lisp. By "the Lisp tradition" did you mean prior dialects? China is continuing to permit Google to show a link to Google Hong Kong, after likely withholding Google's ICP license renewal if they continued to automatically redirect to Goog HK. I don't see much opening up here. Clicking anywhere on the page effectively goes to google.com.hk so google.cn is pretty much just a dummy page. You're right. I thought that: "Under the current setup in mainland China, users can conduct a Google search and see the results, but often they cannot open the links." ...meant that users could conduct the search via google.cn without being redirected to google.com.hk. I'm working on automating slang term variant creation on OnlineSlangDictionary.com . For example, making the main entry "blow (one) away" also available under blow him away blow her away blow them away etc. It's an unfortunate tax I have to pay to search engines. Luckily it'll pay off additionally when I switch from Google Custom Search to a real custom search solution, and it'll be useful for a few upcoming special projects. Are you using any parsing tools? Like the stanford NLP? Not yet. Right now it's just boring search-and-replace ("(one)" => "me", "you", "him", "her", ...) complicated by the fact that the site has a lot of moving parts. (I started it in 1996.) I'll be looking into Stanford NLP, Python NLTK, etc. in the near future for the aforementioned "special projects". I am currently developing an API for the stanford NLP so that other web apps can easily use that parsing and word tagging tool. I'd be quite interested in that! Do you have a website / blog / some way we can keep up with your progress? Cool website. I like the idea of the "where is this slang used" feature. Thanks! Did you not read the Wikipedia article you linked to? It seems to answer your questions. Does that mean a Microsoft COO is admitting that Vista is bad then? That is bigger news to me Really? They did that years ago.[1] And since Windows 7 is just a polished Vista... That old chestnut, huh? Something like, "Windows 7 is a 64-bit tweak of a 32-bit extension of a 16-bit user interface for an 8-bit operating system for a 4-bit architecture from a 2-bit company that can't stand 1 bit of competition." Wikipedia has a good article on new features in Windows 7. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Features_new_to_Windows_7 [1] EDIT: Reading comprehension failure on my part: somehow I missed the capital "COO" in the sentence. However, various Microsoft employees at various levels in the company have admitted Vista is bad. GPL is not a virus that will force your code open without your consent. In a lawsuit, could the copyright holder of a GPLed work force the opening of GPL-violating code as part of a GPL-violation settlement? EDIT: I'm not a lawyer nor a student of the law. Presumably the copyright holder is entitled to some form of compensation, whether it's called a "settlement" or something else. Can the plaintiff dictate that the only form of compensation they will find sufficient is the defendant's release of the infringing code? Also, the project seems to be affiliated with CSAIL. Your everyday user has no idea who CSAIL is, but I think it's got some huge geek credibility. I wouldn't "hide" the affiliation behind the link to David Karger at the bottom of the page. Chrome might just be the best piece of software that I use daily, and I didn't have to pay a dime for it. Really? I find that it has an extraordinarily lack of polish. When I switched to Chrome from Firefox, I had a list of 80 bugs after ~1 week of usage. Since the beginning, we've focused on providing the best user experience possible. Whether we're designing a new Internet browser or a new tweak to the look of the homepage, we take great care to ensure that they will ultimately serve you, rather than our own internal goal or bottom line. Google's support for their free products is terrible. While they may take great care to keep the user in mind while designing products, and take care to optimize for the variables they track, their claim above rings hollow in my experience. Look Microsoft, you can create useful dynamic web services without requiring Flash, I mean Silverlight Microsoft "invented" XMLHttpRequest for their Outlook Web client. Bing Maps doesn't require Silverlight. Some people even prefer it over Google Maps. Given that Microsoft has been creating useful dynamic web services without Flash or Silverlight for some time, I don't they were particularly shocked by their ability to create this one. Which is not to say that Microsoft embraces it. Even internally their policies are almost downright hostile. How so? Okay, then. Since neither of us wants to violate our NDAs, I'll just say: you're wrong. I'm afraid it's anything but subtle. The first line is "Imagine a circle that contains all of human knowledge". All learning until the Ph.D. is within that circle . For better or worse, I'm convinced that this is the reason that PHP took off the way it did. The documentation was clear, concise, easy to access (perhaps the first example of user friendly URLs I can remember), and effective; That each function had user-submitted (moderated) comments was the icing on the cake. I've seen this (similarly highly-voted) comment made elsewhere. I just don't get it. The PHP docs are often woefully incomplete in their explanation of functions. The user-submitted comments are the blind leading the lame, often containing competing solutions to the same problems, all of which are incomplete and poorly documented. Aside from several highly-voted comments in discussions, though, the PHP documentation doesn't seem to be a frequently cited example of quality. I find that strange. "This post is spurred by seeing the Hacker News guidelines this evening" Were you able to import any Google Analytics data into Piwik? Does GA offer a way to get your data out , other than exporting specific reports? Unfortunately, Compilers is no longer a required class to get a CS degree. As with all degrees, that depends entirely on the school. Do you have data? I think its Australian for kerfuffle. Specifically, an argument amongst all scientists. all-in: involving everyone boffin: scientist barney: argument (from rhyming slang: "Barney Rubble" - "trouble") Enough to make it very repetitive, too little that automation would make much sense, especially considering the abysmal automation tools Windows comes with cough shell cough Hmm... I've been thinking about switching to Powershell. What do you find abysmal about it? You are kidding, right? No. Who is the target audience? People who want to utilize its access to hundreds of administration tasks across most (all?) of Microsoft's server products, to automate administration tasks. EDIT to add: Same reason why tcsh and ksh didn't get traction, and they even have merit to them. I can't tell: is the implication here that Powershell doesn't have merit? I'm trying to understand. What's Allegro Serve serving? To be clear, as andyn said: the blog post " suggests that Consumer Watchdog is a for-hire astroturfing organisation hired by Microsoft." Emphasis mine. Take a look around his site. For example, the links at the very top include: "Comes vs. Microsoft", "OOXML", "OpenDocument", "Novell". He's not an impartial observer. Ah America, where memory is indeed short. Read the quote carefully. There's an "A" in "STRANGER", not an "O". his seaside framework, which brought continuations to web Is this the case? I looked (briefly) for confirmation and did find at the very least papers discussing the use of Scheme's continuations for web session management, circa Seaside's first public announcement in 2002... It's unfortunate that editorializing is so strongly discouraged here that people shy away from even briefly summarizing the topic of the link. For those whose curiosity has been piqued by the title: the article is about exactly what adambyrtek's comment suggests - nothing more, nothing less. Cooking bacon. That's it. I don't like using the term "bloat." It's an extremely non-specific term that people use to describe software they don't care for, much as people cast arguments they don't like as "FUD". I was in a conversation with someone who said he felt IE 9 was bloated. I asked him why. "The right-click context menu is too big." "Uses too much RAM", "requires too much disk space", and "has too many dependencies" can all be valid complaints. But it seems that in most uses, "bloat" = "has one or more features I don't use." "How rude; you've tainted us all with the knowledge of a that patent." What is required to prove willful patent infringement? Is "Defendant's web history shows (s)he accessed a web page on which someone claimed the patent existed" sufficient? EDIT: "Defendant", not "plaintiff". Reddit was 4 until recently... I don't know if the new 2 hires are enough. Actually Reddit has been at least 5 for some time. The 2 "new hires" were announced retroactively. http://blog.reddit.com/2010/08/welcome-alex-and-lia.html Is either company particularly litigious? Microsoft has filed on the order of 5 patent lawsuits in the last ever. it is at least a little more surprising considering MS is still pumping out this trash Microsoft is a huge company. I doubt Office Marketing and Microsoft Research coordinated their release of a marketing video and GPL code, respectively. Oh, as the article notes, Windows doesn't ship with Flash installed, either. XP does. I don't know about Vista and 7. Presumably some large percentage of Windows desktops and laptops are sold with Flash pre-installed. Originally I/O was fixed to the IDE port allowing master and slave drives called IDE0: and IDE1: but now drive names are more virtual and are assigned to devices (“DRV0:”, “DRV1:” etc) Is that wise? Shouldn't they be prefixed/suffixed with forward slashes? SproutCore + Hunchentoot + MongoDB is it right choice? Even then you're not yet off to the races. In particular, Hunchentoot's session management capabilities are anemic out of the box. I haven't seen any drop-in replacements, so you're looking at reinventing at the very least this extremely core part of any web development stack. Hunchentoot also doesn't have any built-in capabilities for handling updates to the website's source code. Do you mean user authentication? No, I mean session management. Example of anemia: it offers no way to back sessions by persistent storage. You just load the new code and it works. Really? What about threads that are busy processing requests when you load the new code, which may have different assumptions? It seems like a better approach would be to queue up incoming requests, wait for existing requests to be handled, reload the code, and then resume processing requests. Queueing up requests works on a per-request basis, but what happens when your code changes affect existing sessions Good point. The session protocol is a bit awkward in that you need to implement all of it if you want to change only a small part, but it's there to be hooked into, which is what the frameworks built on top of Hunchentoot do. I notice you used the plural "framework s " built on top of Hunchentoot. Are there any aside from Weblocks? The data is from glassdoor.com. Here are the salary pages for Amazon and Microsoft: http://www.glassdoor.com/Salary/Amazon-com-Salaries-E6036.ht... http://www.glassdoor.com/Salary/Microsoft-Salaries-E1651.htm Previous discussion, with 39 comments: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1584597 I can see that Chrome tries to do the same but it doesn't work nearly as well. It doesn't. And it's so very unfortunate, because it seems like it could: my Chrome installation currently stores 1 GB of data as "History Index 2010-xx". For what? I don't know. What about speed? I empathize. I'm a bookmark junkie, keeping 10,000+ bookmarks in my browser at a given time. Firefox just couldn't handle that (on my admittedly older computer,) taking ~30 seconds to both start up and shut down, and ~5 seconds to navigate to a new URL. I blame it largely on the switch to SQLite as backing store, but unfortunately I don't have any hard numbers. ...for some definition of magical. Every time Chrome auto-updates itself, I notice it because it exposes some new "fit and finish" bug. The update to Chrome 7, for example, broke the Bookmark Manager if you have your font size increased - e.g. due to eyesight issues. The update to 7.0.517.44 (or maybe an earlier version? I have no idea) changed the word boundaries used when selecting text using the keyboard. It's frustrating. Local events This is my "Dream Project" - i.e. the one I'll build when I have endless free time that I'd like to devote to working. I'd love to know why you think it's of dubious utility. (Aside from movie times, I've never discovered an event through an "event site" - but I feel like I could...) Lots of people don't pirate because of the cost, it just used to be the easiest/fastest way to get music/movies/games. Rhapsody opened in 2001. If it took 9 years for music piracy to be "over", then I think there's something more at work than the "it's easier to pirate" defense. I know it worked for me personally, since amazon mp3 is around, I have no needed to look elsewhere. Amazon MP3 opened to the public ~3 years ago. Did you pirate your music before? What requirement did it satisfy? Multi-platform-available DRM-free watermark-less high-bitrate MP3s? Now it's much, much harder due to Facebook cracking down so hard on virals, but it can still be done. Bummer. I've got a viral Facebook app in the pipeline. Is this what you're referencing? "On September 21, 2010 Facebook took games off the news feed, limiting viral channels to discovery stories and invites." http://www.mediabistro.com/fishbowlny/game-building-on-a-bud... ("Distributing on Facebook" section) "Facebook is cracking down on free promotion | kills profile boxes" http://rooturaj.com/social-media/facebook-is-cracking-down-o... Is there more to it? this should be compiled or something. As a slang thesaurus in general? Groupon coined nearly every term in that particular list... If you're looking for terms that are in wider use, I maintain a slang thesaurus. (The only free one on the web, actually.) Here's the body parts category for comparison's sake: http://onlineslangdictionary.com/thesaurus/words+meaning+ana... (Caution: Many slang words relating to anatomy are not work-safe.) Summary: The author is a long-time Windows developer and extremely familiar with Visual Studio. I don't understand where you got your summary. Looking at his CV - http://home.pacbell.net/eevans2/resume.html - it seems he has a range of experience. - Increase revenue on http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ by 100%. - Tremendously increase work-life balance. Exercise. Pursue a hobby. Watch TV/movies somewhere other than at my computer desk. Take the weekends off unless I'm very eager to work. Actually it's far more common to get the "You broke Reddit" error message. There are a couple more in rotation. I haven't seen the "9/11 changed everything" one in a while, so they may have wisely stopped using that one. It'll be interesting to compare the discussion here to previous times IE9's stance on ACID3 has been discussed / referenced. A couple minutes of Googling brings up: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1859375 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1196054 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1399998 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1738681 Webkit had to request changes to the tests in in Acid2. The Wikipedia page mentions that Acid3 was also updated to match Firefox's change in behavior: "On 2 April 2010, Ian Hickson made minor changes to the test after Mozilla, due to privacy concerns, altered the way Gecko handles the :visited pseudo-class." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acid3#Development_and_impact My friends at Grubwithus (YC W11) are going to help me by organizing a series of dinners in the Bay Area... Do people outside of California use/understand "grub" as a verb meaning "to eat"? http://onlineslangdictionary.com/definition+of/grub Bing never addressed the points made by the "ambush". Which points did they not address? (I haven't been keeping score so I'm genuinely curious.) Honestly, I don't know that many people who have built a community site of similar traffic level that quickly Maybe I missed it, but did you mention the site's age anywhere in the article? Re: bing copying Google, it has already been profusely discussed all over the internet and has been shown as nothing more than a PR stunt by Google folks to avoid discussing spam I'm assuming the downvotes are because of that part. I keep seeing the argument that "Microsoft didn't answer all of Google's claims," but no supporting evidence. If anyone has some, I'd be curious to see it. (This is a legitimate request: I haven't been keeping score.) Thanks for the reply, Matt. Google believed that queries and clicks on Google search results were being used in Bing's ranking I thought it was the search results that Google accused Microsoft of stealing. I guess I need to go refresh my memory. Things we don't know include... Good summary, thanks. I don't guess anyone is very surprised that Microsoft isn't quick to offer up how it treats a single data stream. This chart doesn't show the 5 year sabbatical that Microsoft decided to take between August 2001 and October 2006. Major versions of IE tend to be (are always?) synced to OS releases. What effect did the Longhorn Reset have on the sabbatical Microsoft "decided to" take? Does anyone know? I can't imagine I'm the only one to ask this in the intervening 4.5 years, but my Google searches aren't finding anything. > So yes, it was for that first reason. Has Microsoft stated this or is it speculation on your part? I run a slang dictionary website which lets users assign an offensiveness score to each term. That would be an interesting bit of data to add: not only the raw word count, but how offensive the swearing is for each language. (For sample data, the 100 most vulgar words on the site are in a table here: http://onlineslangdictionary.com/lists/most-vulgar-words/ ) I don't know how Microsoft is going to react to Google adding a crucially missing feature in Office and leveraging its software for its own purposes. If Google isn't using undocumented APIs, then they're doing exactly what Microsoft wants: developing software that "plugs in to" the Microsoft ecosystem. I'm sure there are a dozen other crush notifiers out there. And there has been for at least ten years. Back then you entered your email address... and the email addresses of everyone you had a crush on. Of course, if any of those latter ones weren't the original crush, they would get email saying someone had a crush on them. And so on. The original "viral". Here's one of the messages I received. Subject: Somebody has a crush on you Date: 3 May 2001 16:42:01 -0000 From: CrushMaster@redacted.com To: wrader@redacted.edu Guess what... you've got a secret admirer! Want to find out who it is? Just click to " rel="nofollow">http://www.redacted.com/index.php3?email=wrader@redacted.edu... ; Email address: wrader@redacted.edu Invitation code: 5nmwa Make sure you enter in this information exactly as shown above. See you soon! Sincerely, /The Crush Master/ Yes, the name "Circles" is awesome. Yup. Circles was also the name of social groups in Microsoft's threedegrees software. Certainly looks better than Dixie / styrofoam cups. I wonder how the performance compares. You'll find many references in the following. http://www.google.com/search?q=microsoft+uses+open+source Still, why would changing one's country make HTTPS available again? Despite EFF's headline, it doesn't sound like this made HTTPS unavailable, but rather the "always-use-HTTPS" setting. Why those countries? Here's a guess: it was a localization issue. I bet changing your country changes your default language. And I also bet that the availability of localized strings (i.e. "Is string 8230 available in language X?") affects what options are shown to the user. After all, if a descriptive string isn't available in the user's current language, how do you show them the option? So what exactly happened? I don't know. Maybe they whacked some part of a localization table. Or rolled back to a previous localization table. Or mangled mappings from "language" to "current localization table". Software is complex. All in all, it really makes them look bad, even if there's an innocent explanation. The timing certainly invites theories of maliciousness. "Trading" is discussed on Hacker News at about a 1.5-to-1 ratio with "trolling". FYI, Google Fight accepts the same "site:" specifier that Google Search does. For example: http://www.googlefight.com/index.php?lang=en_GB&word1=si... If you have reading problems, you could use that technique to determine which of 2 words you're more likely to be reading here. I haven't seen much discussion of Google's Panda update on Hacker News. I'm sure many legitimate sites have been negatively affected. I wonder if people are hesitant to share their experiences here because they think that we'll judge their sites negatively because the algorithm changes judge their sites negatively. I have a very legitimate site ( http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ ) that lost 25% of its traffic due to Panda. I'm writing up more details and I'll post them soon. Like Apple products, Firefox branded itself as malware proof. --- http://web.archive.org/web/20041127034451/http://www.mozilla... "“Beware of spyware. If you can, use the Firefox browser.” - USA Today" "Privacy and Security Built with your security in mind, Firefox keeps your computer safe from malicious spyware by not loading harmful ActiveX controls. A comprehensive set of privacy tools keep your online activity your business." --- While that's technically correct - Firefox couldn't (can't?) load ActiveX controls, therefore it could't load harmful ActiveX controls - the Firefox extensions system has permitted installation of executable code for a long time, if not since its inception. Since that's what ActiveX is, more or less, Firefox has never been any more secure in that respect than e.g. Internet Explorer. Like Apple products, as Firefox becomes more popular (and therefore a jucier attack target) there will be more malware that targets it. I was making around $1,800 a month in AdSense revenue from The Online Slang Dictionary (and thesaurus) - http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ The site was collateral damage in Google's Panda update (which was hoped to reduce the prominence of content mills, etc. in search results) so that number has been greatly reduced the past 2 months. ActiveX hasn't worked that way for a long time. At least since XP SP2, released 2004. Possibly even before then - I'm not sure exactly what XP SP2 changed. Edit: Fix typo. No. And rereading my post, I'm just not seeing any blame. I'm presenting some pertinent history and tying it to the recent Apple malware news, which has been heavily discussed here. I've run The Online Slang Dictionary ( http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ ) since 1996. On April 11, the date of one of the Panda updates, traffic from Google dropped 20%. Between April 11 and a month ago, I made the following changes: * Correct spelling, grammar, and capitalization errors * Where spelling "errors" are legitimate "slang terms", link to the definition pages for those slang terms (gonna, wanna, ain't, dat's, etc.) * Remove unnecessary extra punctuation, e.g. example sentences ending in "???" or "!!!" * Checked keywords on top landing pages for searches like "slang", "slang dictionary", "slang thesaurus" * Remove unnecessary extra spaces in the middle of sentences * Use complete sentences even where completely unnecessary * Restructure entire /definition+of/word+goes+here directory structure to be /meaning-of/word-goes-here, since people search for "meaning of" more frequently than "definition of", and since Google seems to have stopped treating + as a word separator in some cases. * Reworked meta descriptions and page titles * Removed meta keywords. I know Google doesn't use them, but maybe they treat them as a negative indicator of site quality? Who knows? * Completely re-designed site's front page * Switched from Google Custom Search Engine to a custom search implementation, because I think I can provide better results, improve the user experience, and reduce search exit rate * Delay-load Twitter widget to reduce page load time * Use rel="canonical" on every page on the site, since Google is indexing the IP address of the site and showing it separately in SERPs * Removed nodes from the sitemap, just in case Google knows better * Fixed the "HTML suggestions" on GWT, such as short meta descriptions and duplicate meta descriptions * Excluded directories via robots.txt like /word-of-the-day/, since the words of the day are already spidered elsewhere on the site, in case Google is giving me a duplicate content penalty of some kind I've also made plenty more changes in the past month, but I haven't written up a list yet. Sine the Panda update, I've seen no improvement in traffic from Google to my site. This Google query works fairly well: site:news.ycombinator.com link: http://www.ibiblio.org/harris/500milemail.html Link to said query: http://www.google.com/search?q=site%3Anews.ycombinator.com+l... Query returns: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=123489 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1293652 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=385068 There are things I would _really_ like from google - where I fit in to their adsense categories, for example. Absolutely. I'd love to be able to get all of my Analytics data, for example. Retrieving some subset of the data report by report is nowhere near the same thing. SSH-2 window management has also been revised to reduce round trip delays during any large-volume data transfer (including port forwardings as well as SFTP/SCP) Doing a quick test, I'm seeing that PuTTY 0.61 speeds up SFTP downloads of already compressed data by a factor of 4 compared to PuTTY 0.60. Fantastic! Why not? Do you have insight into how Facebook calculates that number? MSN Messenger has >300 million users. QQ has three times that. Why do you find it so inconceivable that Facebook has 750 million active users? I don't have time for the Socratic method. Changes that Google made, designed to reduce the number of "low quality links" in search results, such as those to content farms. http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2011/02/finding-more-high-qua... Rather than being an algorithm change, it seems to be a process that Google runs only occasionally, which labels entire sites (rather than individual pages) as low quality. Sites with that label are penalized in search results. It affected many sites, including those that aren't content farms (mine included,) in what many webmasters believe is collateral damage. My site that was penalized is The Online Slang Dictionary. http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ It's the oldest slang dictionary on the web and had the only freely accessible slang thesaurus on the web until about a month ago. In contrast to other slang dictionaries, The Online Slang Dictionary is only for legitimate slang words. I've never used any black-hat or even slightly questionable SEO techniques or means to publicize the site. It started being penalized April 11, which is the launch date of what (IIRC) is being called "Panda 2.0". I've made many changes in hopes of fixing whatever it is that's causing Google to decide that the site is low quality, but haven't seen any improvement in ranking since then. A (now outdated) list of those changes is here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2664346 . #2. It's fallen in Google rankings for nearly every keyword for which it appears at all. Interestingly, the submission by pixelbeat around the same time already has 78 points and 15 comments: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2768036 In general, Google has not aggressively patented things. They have been issued ~300 patents. Compare to IBM's over 26k patents in the US alone. Is it possible that Google's patent assignment policy has affected those numbers "in Google's favor"? [1] For example, could the policy be that patents are assigned to employees, but employees grant Google a non-revocable perpetual license to use those patents? (IANAL, etc...) [1] i.e. Fewer patents assigned to Google = less aggressively patenting. The only people I've heard complain about Panda are the SEO and content farm crowd. I'm not a member of either crowd. Here's me complaining: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2767018 And I'm not the only one who has a quality site that was adversely affected. There was collateral damage. It would have been practically impossible for there not to be. The only question is the matter of scale. I won't stop you from sticking it to Rhapsody (their software has lost my music library several times,) but they've been independent from RealNetworks since April of last year. The bizarre approach in Windows 8 that has all kinds of UI doing the same thing with no clarity around development platform sounds exactly like what Jobs talks about with people going in 18 different directions. Do you mean adding the Ribbon to Windows Explorer and the announcement that you can develop Windows apps in Javascript (respectively)? How many people here use Python on Windows? What are you using it for? I used it for Python's excellent NLTK (Natural Language Toolkit - http://www.nltk.org/ ) to build http://www.offensivest.com/books/ . That site ranks the most vulgar English works released by Project Gutenberg. I calculated the ranking based on ~150k user ratings of the offensiveness of words listed on The Online Slang Dictionary. Hmm... I think I read his comment differently, as having two independent clauses: Windows 8... * has all kinds of UI doing the same thing * no clarity around development platform My story is almost exactly the same. The only difference is that my site was hit not by the original Panda update, but by the April 11 update ("Panda 2.0".) There was definitely collateral damage. Unfortunately for owners of such sites, since Panda did penalize several huge sites that people hate very much, it's viewed as an overwhelming success. Small site owners are burning the midnight oil, posting to the "official" Google Panda thread, and getting no feedback from Google. I would be glad to share that information with small site owners privately for free, one on one. Panda hit my site almost 5 months ago. Though I've made lots of changes, I'm not seeing any recovery. So clearly I'm doing something wrong. As a small site owner, I'd be ecstatic to receive any advice you can share. My email address is waltergr@aol.com. What kinds of permits do you consider bribes? It would be really nice if the title of this submission offered a detail or two other than the domain name. http://www.offensivest.com/books/ The most vulgar books released by Project Gutenberg, using the >120k offensiveness votes cast on The Online Slang Dictionary. See also the previous post "Windows 8 OEM specs may block Linux booting" - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3020459 Yes, thanks, that's a good summary. Since the conversation from yesterday (with 137 comments) was voted pretty highly, I assumed that this submission was related, and the previous one would offer interesting additional discussion. I'm sorry if it was inappropriate to link to. By offering it, I was in no way advocating a particular point of view, even though I quoted the title of the HN submission, which does put forth a hypothesis. If it's appropriate to delete my comment, let me know. The submission of the same URL but with a useful title is doing far better. "UNCRUNCHED: Arrington's new blog." - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3032013 Can you file a bug at http://new.crbug.com/ please? That doesn't sound like the behavior I'd expect. The behavior you expect out of Chrome is just simply not what its actual behavior is . Asa Dotzler from Mozilla corrects some of your misconceptions here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3034450 . EDIT: Oh, I see you're actually on the Chrome team. I learned the stuff Asa that describes in his comment in your privacy policy. It's pretty easy to understand. In my alternative life I would have done the same. I, too, wouldn't have minded getting a head start. But keep in mind there's less than a year's time between being a senior in highschool and UCB CS61A, (the former) MIT 6.001, Stanford CS107, etc. http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en/privacy.html ... > When you type URLs or queries in the address bar, the letters you type are sent to your default search engine so the Suggest feature can automatically recommend terms or URLs you may be looking for. If you choose Google as your search engine, Google Chrome will contact Google when it starts so as to determine the best local address to send search queries. If you choose to share usage statistics with Google and you accept a suggested query or URL, Google Chrome will send that information to Google as well . You can disable this feature as explained here. ... > If you navigate to a URL that does not exist, Google Chrome may send the URL to Google so we can help you find the URL you were looking for. You can disable this feature as explained here. ... > If you enable the optional AutoFill feature, which automatically completes web forms for you, Google Chrome will send Google limited information about the structure of pages that have web forms and information such as the arrangement of the form so that we can improve our AutoFill service for that page. (end excerpts) Could you give us more information about the AutoFill feature? Does it send the URL along with the listed information? Does it do this for every URL that contains a web form? Rhapsody. I'm satisfied with a big exception: Rhapsody has lost my music library a few times. That's pretty unforgivable. Indeed, I've never met a joke I didn't like. I was just about to update my installation, but it told me that my Roboform extension isn't compatible with v7. How do you get to that information prior to the upgrade? I've only realized extensions were incompatible after updating, because Firefox disables them. My experience is that if I click "Check for updates" and an update happens to be available, then there's no way to prevent that update from being installed, even if it causes add-ons to be disabled. Yes, other people were reminded of that. Search the comments for the word "Windows". (Ctrl+F or Apple+F in your web browser.) It's unclear to me why you're being so harshly downvoted. All that's needed is a quick trip to Wiktionary (or your favorite dictionary) to see that you're correct. EDIT: Well, I should note that you're correct about the definition. I don't know about the etymology. You're looking for the "A Complete Guide To The Ponzi Scheme That Is Suburban America" submission. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3090385 the traditional starter kit configuration files Traditional in what sense? Is emacs-starter-kit considered a must-have? Emacs has been able to do that for decades, and it is definitely not what great great great grandparent meant by "multithreading" You've been talking to the same guy for this entire thread. (i.e. the "great great great grandparent" is the same as the person you just responded to.) I have ever needed or wanted in Emacs to the best of my recollection -- and when I send an email, search a buffer or look up someone's phone number in my address book, I am using an Emacs command I wrote. It seems like you've had a lot of experience with Emacs. Can Emacs of today do any of the things that he listed that are things he wants to improve his workflow? i.e. Instead of proving him wrong about 3 things, can you prove him wrong about 1 thing? I'm curious about the state-of-the-art when it comes to Emacs, so it would be cool to get some solid answers. Well, maybe not for much longer... I wonder how much the Google Web Accelerator debacle made people realize that GET is supposed to be idempotent. Perhaps Googlebot will do the same for POST and authentication.