It shouldn't end at the users ISP. This ties the user to a using a certain ISP, or they have to give up their online identity. You can get cycling direction using http://maps.cloudmade.com , which uses OpenStreetMap data, just like OpenCycleMap. Dual nationality? Try to get a passport for a neutral country like Ireland (all you need is one Irish grandparent)? An NGO passport won't work easily. It's much much too easy to set up a NGO. It's much harder to set up a new country. And if your government is doing things that make it hard for you to travel, then it's up to you to try to fix your government. :P Similar in Ireland. Although 1 month notice is the figure. Usually the notice is specified in the contract. There is a legal minimum of 2 weeks (or more depending on how long the employment has lasted). Although it's in the contract, you are always free to re-negotiate a contract, and if both sides agree, then you have a new contract Just because iTunes is the most popular music store in the USA does not mean that most of the music on iPods in the USA comes from iTunes. This is nonsense. Go to a real third world county and you will see a massive difference between the USA and there. This article claims any country with "a high level of debt, an income distribution concentrated in the top 1% of the population, and an economy based on export of raw materials and import of manufactured products." most of these apply to every country in the world. You should try doing some A/B testing It would be cool if we could bet on this. I know this happens in sports, and there are sites for offering and taking bets on who'll win the US presidential election. Are they open to simple little bets like this? I don't know anything about Bloomberg, and I'm willing to bet that as a niche product aimed at high trained people, it might not be too bad. But I agree in principle with this article. You can see it sometimes in the Linux/FLOSS world. People decry anything that means the average user can use it. "But you should know how to set up networking on the command line!" People like that, they like jumping through hoops. They think sensible defaults are a bad thing. They think you should have to read a 1,000 page manual before doing something simple. Sound like how Ryanair (a Europe airline) work. They are one of the largest airlines in the world. They charge €20 per checked in bag. And since you can't check in online with a bag, you need to pay €20 to use a check in desk. When a flight is advertised for €15, all these extra charges all add up. Of course most people think it's just Ryanair being mean and will complain about how they "were stung for extra charges". However, despite people's complaints, they are by far the lowest prices, and people fly with them. I think Ryanair based a lot of their idea on southwest airlines in the USA. If you are using Ubuntu (or Debian), installing this is even easier. Just install gimp-resynthesizer using aptitude or Ubuntu software centre Yes, Ryanair are very strict with size and number of items. You are only allowed one bag. That includes handbag. Many times I've seen women not allowed on until they get their handbag in their normal bag and both have to fit within the size. I would guess that the empty hold space is left empty. If it's empty they don't use as much fuel. You can see the ryanair full ticket price at the first or second step. It would be impossible to buy a ticket without knowing the price. I suspect the reason ryanair don't like 3rd party sites is because ryanair like pitching hotels and car hire after you buy a ticket. Try both? Wait a few days, see which works better. It's better to have actual evidence for what works for your market You shouldn't have to manually install anything, in my experience. The package manager should take care of things. You should continue to use what is most comfortable for you. The fact that you are already using a DVCS (Distributed Version Control System) already puts you at an advantage to those not using it (e.g. Subversion users). Just relax, and focus on writing your code now. I use HackerNews, a site for finding new content, and discussing things. You can read his blog, or see all the comments he makes on HN. That's what I've been doing, and it's quite insightful But 90% of anything is crap ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sturgeons_Law Sturgeon's Law). 90% of the internet is crap, etc. Hugin is great. It has a 'wizard mode' that makes it really easy to use. You just select the images you want to stitch together and it will automatically find out how to join them, and blend the edges together. Remember, you can use "gimp-resynthesizer" to fill in the edges. Here are some panoramas I've made with Hugin http://www.flickr.com/photos/rorymccann/tags/panorama I think, what patrick meant to say is that, his stats code was correct. It really was costing $30. He just didn't want to believe it at first. Erk, wine and using the windows library seems like a headache... I like this idea, and I like python. Can I rely on non-technical users having python and wxwidgets installed? or is there some way to bundle everything together? You're an inspiration to me. Quicky: From reading your blog, I see you had a desktop programme in java at the start. Do you still have a desktop programme now, or is it all web based? If you have a desktop programme, do you have any advice on choice of language so that non-techies can download and run with as little fuss? Another Irish person here! They already can do that. Remember when Wikipedia was censored in the UK? http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/blog/2008/dec/08/intern... The easy answer is to find something that makes you money while your asleep. The awesome patio11 on here has done mostly that. Go ready some of his stuff. I would suggest against it. It's almost certainly possible to pick another domain name, and just use that. If you're just starting off, and no-one knows about your brand, then you can just as easily switch to another branding. The only reason you should pay lots for a domain name is if it's hard or impossible to switch. i.e. you're already invested in that brand. For example, openstreetmap.org is basically "doing to google maps what wikipedia did to encyclopedias". They have been going for years, and have ~ 200,000 users. openstreetmapS.org (not the S) was squatted. They eventually raised funds and bought it. It made sense for them since they had already a lot of brand awareness of "open street map", and it's so easy to add an 's' to the end. Depends what you want. If by 'hacker' you mean security, then there are certs for that. Or start hanging around, reading and practicing security stuff. If by 'hacker' you mean a good programmer (that's probably what the hacker in hackernews means), then you don't need a certificate for that. Just do lots of programming. Apple don't believe in a free market / free competition. If they did, then they wouldn't have an App Store. Yes "UK" is the correct term for the country. However London, the capital, is in England, is a large percentage of the UK population (about ~15 - 20million out of a UK population of about 60 million). The vast majority of the programmer jobs would probably be in London, so you might wind up going to "England" itself. If your grandparent was Irish (unlikely in South Africa I guess), then you are entitled to an Irish passport. You are then a EU citizen and can work in any EU country with no visa issues. Just something that might be of benefit. I'm sure it's possible to figure out if a programme was generated by some other programme. When programmes generate other source code, they will have a certain style, a certain naming convention for functions, a certain main class, etc. Apple's property? If I have an iPhone, I have to pay for it. That makes it my property. And that's why I don't have an iPhone. Yeah, this is exactly the sort of problem bittorrent was designed to handle If you are interested in more stories of bad science and medicine, then check out Ben Goldacre's site: http://www.badscience.net/ He has a book of the same name. Fair play. Though you are financially supporting the anti-tinkering apple, you're telling apple (with your dollars) that closed is the way to go. Be careful how that turns out. Lots of 'free software' and hacking stuff goes on in Germany. Of course, the level of English in Germany is superb, so you can still probably talk to them there. Another way to purify water is to boil for for a few minutes. Yes, bottled water or bust is the standard mantra in the developing world. I rememeber one of our party trying to order a Margarita with no ice in a restaurant in Zambia once. I believe it's "The Boss" Well the first problem is to find the thing to turn off and on again. It's not always clear what device is misbehaving. Also, frequently you'll need to report to the "higher ups" what went wrong. Saying "I dunno, I turned it off and on again and it works now. shrug " makes you look like you don't know what's going on. It's much better to be able to explain what happened. A HackerNews wiki? Sounds interesting. It could become a resource for members of this community to store knowledge about things this community has formed around. You've said you don't want interest, so you're not Why not invest in yourself? Go on a nice holiday? Buy a house? Get a facelift. Spend the money to make your life better? Or invest in some 'social capital'. Buy your parents/siblings a house, or a car. If times go bad, you'll be able to call in some favours. A lot of trademarked terms (e.g. "visa") might not be available as adsense words. So people bid on the misspellings. I'm sure they are not following him 24/7, so in theory he could keep doing it in his spare time, but that would be silly. His employer can now use this against him if they have any dispute with him. In these cases it's good to scribble a little note in the margin of the contract at that section "Nothing in the above section shall prevent me from working on my side project XYZ in my free time" (or similar) and get them to initial it. You can always change contracts before you sign them. Yeah I love the annecdote. When there's a gold rush, don't be the guy digging for gold, be the guy selling shovels. The other problem with this argument is that Jobs is saying that it's just as easy to rewrite the flash app in javascript as it to remove the reliance on rollovers. Whereas for the vast majority of the flash apps, removing rollovers is much easier than a complete rewrite. Don't forget OpenStreetMap http://www.openstreetmap.org/ a Free wiki map of the world. It has a very unique style that I think is very nice. One of their statements is "We make beautiful maps" amazon.co.uk also sells to people in Ireland. I agree with you that the record labels are probably the root cause. However I don't like the idea that "It's not Apple's fault, it's the labels". Apple claimed the record labels forced them to put DRM on iTunes, but then Apple put DRM on the AppStore. Did the record labels really insist on DRM for indie app developers? Fact is Apple likes DRM and control. Same here. I got a Dev Phone shipped to the UK, and it cost loads more. The extra cost was to pay for customs and import tax AFAIK. I use postfix for SMTP and dovecote for IMAP. All free software. There's a million guides for setting it up and for fixing issues. There's also a million different ways to tweak it to do anything you want. Heheh. As others have said this is not an ethical business model, and is nothing more than blackmail. Some plain foods have zzero vat. More luxurous food is taxed. This is important when you think of jaffa cakes, are they a biscuit or a cake? If they are a buscuit, then they don't have vat, if cake, then the price goes up Apple always charges more for EU customers, usually replacing the $ for a €. When €1 = $1.50, I don't believe it's the tax, and instead feel like I'm getting screwed. No matter what twitter planned for it, it's an exploit. Users think that only they can control who follows them, but this feature gets around that. Every's followers count shows zero now, it's not a consequence of doing this > - Many users put their hometowns so that they're visible when you zoom out really far (you see the suburbs of Salt Lake City & L.A. before you see SLC & L.A.) The data for USA was imported from the US government, the TIGER data. One problem with rendering a map is the importance of cities. Both (say) San Francisco and San Jose are close to each other, and you only have room to show one. Which do you show? The largest population? Larger GDP? Larger cultural influence (how do you measure that?), etc. It's a 'hard problem'. > - It's incomplete in many places Yes, it's a work in progress, made by voluneteers. However it has come so far in a few years. > - It doesn't even give you directions There are other OSM-based services that give directions. One I used is CloudMade ( http://maps.cloudmade.com/ ). Some of the people who started OSM founded CloudMade. You should have done that before signing the contract. Then it's baked into the contract. My point is to get everything in writing before you sign things. Both Warren and Detroit are 'cities' in the US, so both are tagged "place=city", i.e. both at the same level. The map rendered can't draw both, so it can't decide which to show, so it picks one. It's hard to come up with a good way to rank the hierachies of cities. Arrington is a journalist. Fortune sent him stuff and said 'publish this'. No suprise that he published it. If you sent him something 'off the record', I have no idea what he'd do. But the original fortune emails did not look like private personal emails. Make it Open Source. Why should I use a GMail clone that is just like gmail, but doesn't have as large a company backing it? Make it open source, and I'll install and use it on my system. That is what can differentiate you from Gmail. A big difference is that from the start Twitter was public whereas Facebook was private. Then Facebook changed it to my public by default. Since most people don't change from the default, people are using service (Facebook) that they thought was private, but is now actually public. It's the change from 'default private' to 'default public' that's the biggest thing. Initially Facebook was private by default. It's only recently that it's changed to 'default public'. Lots of people are using a public thing, when it used to be private. It's the change that's the most important thing. > What about automatically contacting the affected users first, and attempt to rouse them to action? You mean contacting 98% of facebook's users?!? 'Talk to you customers' is a bi ambiguoud, and could be wrong. My reading of the lean startup thing is that you look at the numbers and metrics of what your customers are doing, rather than ask them what they want. If you're not sure what feature to add, don't ask people, and do surveys, do a half version of all the possibilities, and see what features your customers are using. Address formats are different all over the world. Lots of places call them "postcodes" not zip codes (e.g. the UK). Some places have no postcodes (e.g. Ireland). Lots of places don't have 'states'. And the US has lots of 'cities' whereas lots of places would have local towns or counties. You usually need addresses to send someone something. I'd suggest just putting in a text field and letting the user just type it in freeform. Shame there isn't a way (in HTML) to say "the src of this is at http://... . and it's SHA512 is a5872... or it's signed by GPG key 0x1276e...". That would solve that problem. So, what does this mean for Apple? They're betting on H264 being the web video codec. If YouTube is all in WebM and Firefox supports it, that's 60% of the browser market and one of the largest video sites. Is this game over for H264? Safari and Apple will have to cave in. If WebM becomes a de facto standard for video on the web, then Apple would be fools to limit their browser like that. Especially since it's patent free. OpenStreetMap, an open source compeditor to Google Maps does a similar 'split the word into tiles'. This is how they do it: http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Slippy_map_tilenames Your signup page only has one input box for password. This is against common UI norms of requiring that the user types in their password twice. You can download the raw data from OSM easily. Get it here: http://planet.openstreetmap.org/ . However that's a 20GiB compressed XML file in their schema. You could download the data and pre-generate your own tiles and save them, but that would take a lot of space (i.e. Terabytes). You could download the OSM data to your computer and set up mod_tile (the render on demand server) locally and browse your own computer to see the tiles. If you have a garmin GPS you can download the garmin map files based on OSM for your gps from this site http://download.geofabrik.de/osm/ . You can also get navit files from OSM which works on the open source navit satnav programme. Neither of those are browser based tiles though. It's not easy to create a competitor to Skype. Skype's main attraction is not the technology, but the network effect and it's closed system. You could make a cool SIP client for Android/iPhone/etc. but it wouldn't matter because you wouldn't be able to talk to 90% of the mundane's who only have Skype. As others have pointed out, in the southern hemisphere, the prevaling winds are easterlies. I'm a member of TOG, a Hackerspace in Dublin, Ireland (our website: http://www.tog.ie ) You can also see the Hackerspaces that have added themselves to OpenStreetMap here: http://technomancy.org/osm-hackerspaces/ While I sympathise with people who feel mislead, we all know there is no such thing as "unlimited data". No teleco can honestly provide "unlimited data", it's just not possible or econonically viable. It's common for telecos to actually have a hidden limit on their unlimited plan. At least now they are being (more) honest about what you get. Allowing forgein visitors is one of their main ways of getting hard forgein currency, that they can then use for trade. > If the UK is so porous then how come Germany wasn't able to stroll over in 1940. A few thousand unorganised migrant workers who are trying to smuggle themselves in with no more than a suitcase each and try to hide in the corners of soceity when they get there is quite different from a massive uniformed army with tanks and trucks who then try to take over the running of the government when they get here. Also the army was legally allowed and ordered to shoot the Germans who were trying to come over, whereas they is not the political will to shoot migrant workers. patio11 is refering to the 90/90 rule: > The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ninety-ninety_rule > The roads always need paved. Yes but someone might invent a labour saving device that makes it easier to pave roads. This is what has happened with farms. The paved roads are not as important to humanity as food. Food is the most important thing to humanity, that doesn't mean going into agriculture is a good idea. > The roads always need paved. Yes but someone might invent a labour saving device that makes it easier to pave roads. This is what has happened with farms. The paved roads are not as important to humanity as food. Food is the most important thing to humanity, that doesn't mean going into agriculture is a good idea. No American law can affect my internet access in Europe. The USA ≠ The World POP3 means that if someone loses their laptop, someone else can access all your internal emails. Or if someone's harddrive dies you no longer have a backup of email. > But who's really doing it wrong? You are. The canonical source for the correct way to spell/write someone's name is that person. You should never tell someone "No, you're writing your name wrong". In many countries in Africa, the postal service doesn't do delieveries to people's houses. Every address is a "PO BOX ...." Set up your own blog planet software and add RSS feeds for things you're interested in. You don't need to ask people if they like it. Just do it yourself. If people like it they will ready it. After a while you will know from your visitor count if people like your idea. > Now that the company has its HTML5 and iPad strategy in place, Adler says they are focusing on making Scribd more social and less reliant on search engines. Today, the majority of their traffic comes from Google, but Scribd is putting a greater emphasis on the social by closely integrating with Facebook. So rather than relying on Google for most of your traffic, you'll rely on Facebook. Sounds like you're just changing one master for another. Most lean small businesses avoid that sort of ISO* stuff for that reason Must be an EU thing. In Ireland every worker is entitled to a written declaration of their job, pay, conditions etc. It's quite possible for more than 50% of people to be above average drivers. If there are 100 people, and 80 of them cause no accidents, and the other 20 cause 10 accidents each, then there are 2 accidents per driver. 80% have less than average accident rate. By the same logic it's possible for most people to have a below average salary. Once extremes are possible, then averages start being less applicable. However for things that have no extrmeme (e.g. height, IQs), the above average and below average rates are similar., That's the Dunning-Kruger effect http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning-Kruger_effect The author is intentionally not trying to earn money. As far as he's seeing it, he's fully expecting to lose the $120k. An App Store for Mac desktops? That sounds very risky. If Apple release their own built in App Store then your business is gone. Yes, perhaps it's up to a judge to decide what "good"/"evil" means, however that still means there's 1 person who gets to decide whether or not you can use the software, ergo, not open source. It could be another form of RSI (Repeditive Strain Injury). Carpal Tunnel Syndrome is one particular form of RSI affecting your wrists, but it's also possible to get RSI and pain in other muscles. Just because the Carpal Tunnel tests are negative doesn't mean you don't have some other illness. You shouldn't be in pain. If you're in pain, and all the Carpal Tunnel tests are negative, then it's something else. I've frequently had RSI pains for about a year now. One solution is to change (somehow) your typing set up. e.g. if you use your right hand to use the mouse, and have pains in your right hand, then change to your left hand. This will give the (damaged and strained) muscles in your right hand a break and they will start to heal. Likewise, change your keyboard. I got a €25 Microsoft Natural Keyboard. When typing on a laptop it's common to rest your wrists on your laptop (before the keyboard). This means you have to bend your wrists upwards. If you do that a lot (like I used to), then you'll get pains along the top of your lower arms. The solution is to not do that as much. I got a new keyboard which means I don't bend my wrists up like that. This means these muscles are not doing as much, and hence aren't being strained, and hence are given a chance to recover. Install a typing break programme. This is something that will lock your screen every X mins for Y mins, forcing you to take regular breaks from typing. If you're using Linux & Gnome, this is built in as part of the keyboard preferences. Movie studios are in the business of making movies, plural. Just cause I can copy DVDs once and set up a DVD burning shop doesn't mean I can make the next movie. Movie studios have the process and equipment (cameras, sets), contacts (directors, actors) to make movies. If the hardest part of your business can be so easily copied by someone else, then you do have a problem. If it can't be copied then you might not have a problem One advantage of this above, say, outsourced work, is that it allows people who would never programme to programme. These people will then get a nice warm fuzzy feeling of acomplishment when they make a programme to fix their problem. I think spreading feelings of acomplishment is a good thing. There are loads of simple programmes on Android/iPhone that are popular (e.g. Fart apps). Simple apps aren't always bad, sometimes they are just what people want. This tools allows the creation of certain kinds of programmes that people want. This is a good thing. Well the main point is that the history of WW2 is full of 'plot holes' and hard to believe stories (if it was a TV show) Shame we're not doing great. Just look at Rwanda. A genocide in the mid 1990s One big problem with textual programming is that there are too many places syntax errors can creep in. Lots of 'mundanes', i.e. non-hackers are so used to flexibility with little things like text, punctuation, spacing and capitilization. The rigity that programming languages require would make most programmes written by these people riddled with syntax errors. Graphical programming removes choices and options. However it also removes ways to make mistakes. Excel is one of the most widely used programming environments out there, and it's pretty visual. OSX is a compeditor to Linux. Why would Apple help a compeditor like that? >> There's already someone in the HN comments on this story who says it can't possibly be true because he's never had the problem with his iPhone. Seriously. > I can't seem to find that. Weird. Further down the page http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1508566 Amazon EC2 is very cheap if you want to use a server for a few hours. However if you want a server for 1 year, then it's cheaper to buy a 1 year lease (i.e. your own server) than it is to rent it by the hour./ I'm not sure, but I'm guessing that 'Solaris' is a trademarked term, owned by Sun (now Oracle). If you fork it, you can't call it 'Solaris' anymore. You'd have a hard time selling/promoting this new unix os that no-one has heard of. Very interesting. How come that view is hidden? How does it work? You have to know what their compeditors are. Pre iPhone, Apple's compeditors were Microsoft. The iPhone makes it look like Apple's compeditors now are Nokia/RIM (the makers of Blackberry). However a case could be made that Apple's current iPhone compeditor is or will be Google. So if you wanna bet on the iPhone, it's not clear who you should short. The problem with the semantic web is you need a universal ontology. i.e. you need everyone to agree on the same thing. Cory Doctorow's Metacrap explains more http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm Even if you make drugs legal, we still need undercover operations to deal with criminal organisations. What about the groups that kill people for money, or extort 'protection money', or groups that rob banks? Unless you want to make murder, arson and theft legal, you need to go undercover in these groups. Genetic algorithms do create things. It's the randomness seed at the start that creates the new thing. I run Linux and just happen to only care about open source tools, so I have no need to pirate software. TV shows, Films, music, well.... ;) "Pirate your own software"? I don't think that would count as piracy. If you own the copyright on it, or own the company that owns the copyright, or run the company that owns the copyright, then surely you can copy it as many times as you want. How could it be possible to view any copying of that as 'piracy'. I believe HN original goal was to be what reddit was years ago. Since then the content on reddit has changed a lot. I suspect it isn't 'trust' that's holding OSX back in the enterprise world, but the software available (or lack thereof). If so, then it can't be a fast change. One of the reasons SO was created is cause forums are usually so bad at serving as Q&A sites. Yes there are loads of programming jobs in Ireland, which should help since I'm looking for a python job soon myself! Some jobs require travelling for work. I know someone who's job was to go around conferences in Europe and set up and maintain wifi networks. Some people interviewed for the job just didn't like travelling, and so weren't hired. This person has shown that they clearly are OK with travelling. Another advantage is that it shows a level of maturity and self-sufficience. If they can pack their bags and go off to India as a younge person they are clearly not a stay-at-home-very-shy person. IRC is still heavily used in the open source world. It's a great resource and you should add it to your arsenal of 'places to get support on FLOSS stuff' No, alas I wasn't at PyCon, I was at the Ubuntu-ie geeknic instead. I'm glad to hear python jobs are available, should make a change from all this PHP at the moment. Yes, or apple's customer support could be to re-flash the phone to the original state. You can only use a short clip. IANAL but I think before this, it was not copyright infringment to copy a short clip. However in order to to do that, you needed to break the DRM, which was illegal. It's like the clip in the matrix "Why would you want a phone call when you can't speak?" I'd assume it's at your own risk, and I'd assume jailbreaking voids your warrenty. It's perfectly common for things to be legal but void your warrenty (e.g. It's legal for me to intentionally hit my iPhone with a hammer, but that voids my warrenty) Google et al. do essentially run their servers on EC2. However it's their own version of EC2, in their datacentres. They have a whole pile of virtualised servers they can turn on an off by the minutes. They have internal accounting systems so that each team is 'charged' based on what they use. Google are so big, so it's cheaper for them to make their own datacentre than use someone else's (i.e. Amazon's). EC2 only came about because Amazon run their servers on it, and they had so much spare capacity, so they sell it. That reply is the non-subtle way to call someone stupid. I would have thought that large public school systems have so much beuocracry and standards when it comes to buying things that the teacher decide it's not worth the hassle of getting their employer to pay, and just pay for it themselves. Download the file using the Tor Network ( https://www.torproject.org/ ). On linux all you'd have to do is "torify wget http://www.example.com . If you are worried about storing the encrypted data, you could use a 'plasable deniable' encryption system ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deniable_encryption ) This cartoon is loose on the details, but I think he's just suggesting coalition governments. Lots of countries have coalition governments, and have many problems with their politics. The UK election this year resulted in a coalition government and the large parties badmounthed the idea of a coalition, claiming it was weak and unstable government. Trying to make the same thing in the USA would probably result in the same campaigning against the idea. If you're using Apache, then it should be easy to do with a rewrite rule, or proxy pass. > And at the end of it, you'll have a property worth much, much more than what you paid for it. Unless there was a property bubble. Ireland recently had a massive property crash. Properties that were sold for €200million are now worth €20mil or less. Lots of people are stuck owning empty hotels and business centres with no tenants. I find anti-health care movement in America strange. In 50 years time it'll be political suicide to suggest removing it. Much like the 1960s civil rights acts, they were opposed at the time, but will be viewed as important by everyone in a few decades. Yeah lots of students graduate and think they know everything and are worth a lot. Especially computer science graduates. Maybe. But do it anyway. That way you'll know for sure. Some countries that are kingdoms still refer to the people as 'citizen'. United Kingdom passports says "British citizen" Go for it then. Patrick is making about $4,000 per month. If you think you can do better in 3 days then, you stand to make a fortune. So why haven't you done it? I agree. I would also like to see evidence that porn actresses were sexually abused. I suspect this idea of 'porn stars were all raped' is a way to claim that porn isn't normal, it's a way to claim that only people with stunted and retarted sexualities do porn. That 'normal' people don't do porn cause it's 'unnatural' ("Look only mentally damaged people do it!"). I suspect that people propagate this idea because otherwise they'd have to look at themselves and say "I actually wouldn't like to work in the porn industry", much easier to claim that you're normal and healthy. Exactly, he's my inspiration to make http://www.celtic-knot-creator.com This is worrying. Apple have a history of treating developers badly with the App Store. They might start enforcing that rule someday. It is well-known that all countries has been spying on other countries for a long time. The USA is not special here. Just about all countries spy on each other and have done for millenia. For the user this is easy to copy. For the pirate this is easier to pirate than a mainstream game, since the pirate doesn't have to figure out how to crack it or make a keygen. Instead they just upload the file straight from the company. > What if I "steal" your identity? Technically, you don't lose anything. I am just borrowing your information. Should this be okay too? You can't steal identity. You are instead impersonating someone and you are defrauding someone else. 'identity theft' is a new word for the ancient problem of fraud. I agree, nice way to phrase it. However it seems a little long? Do some A/B testing, see what works Are there any hackerspaces in your area? Modern encryption systems do not fall out of use because computers get faster, it's because new mathematical attacks to the underlying encryption are found, and this makes brute forcing it easier than people thought at the time. In other words, the reason we don't use (say) the MD5 hash system is not because computers are able to break the 32-bit hash system, but because people have discovered flaws in the MD5 algorithm that means it doesn't give '32 bits of strength'. In this case it's not the hardware (CPU clock speed) that gets better, but the software (programmes that break MD5) that gets better. Hence, you could use Moore's Law to predict what computers in 50 years time will be like, but you can't know what mathematical techniques will be like in 10 yet alone 50 years. Your encryption system you use might get broken in 10 years time. Seconded. As a native Dubliner, I am always impressed with how cheap other european cities are when I visit there. Yes OK, a small key size makes brute force more likely. Bruce Schneier wrote about how it's not possible to brute for 256-bit keys. Short section here http://www.schneier.com/crypto-gram-9902.html#snakeoil , there's a longer explaination saying you can't even flip all the bits in 256-bit key before the universe expires, but I can't find that at the moment. So once you hit a upper limit (256-bits), you can't brute force anything ever, so faster computers are useless. Algorithms like that get broken by new maths, which could happen at any time, you can't predict it, so you can't rely on it. Another fountain pen lover here. I got a Mont Blanc for a 21st birthday present with a gold nib. However I've ran out of ink and haven't gotten round to getting some more. Joe Soap who donated might not be monitoring, but the media are. Diaspora was mentioned on the New York Times IIRC. They are going to want to do a follow up, even if it's "Facebook 'killer' is a dud" A web proxy might hide your IP address from the original website, however I guess that Google uses cookies to keep track of you. This means a web proxy won't help your privacy, since Google would still have a big record of you, what you buy, what you browse, who you are. I have frequently volunteered out in Africa with Camara ( http://www.camara.ie ), a charity that sends second hand computers to schools in Africa. They are taking the long view of how to help Africa develop as a region, education is the key. Every company says the want to hire the best. A mockup can be a MVP. A MVP is just there to attract potential customers and make them 'sign up' (e.g. an 'I'm interested' email) What's interesting is that Apple's App Review process clearly did not know that that functionality is in the programme. I thought they were supposed to be evaulating and testing apps to ensure they are high quality? Yes harddrives wear out, but you can easily get a new harddrive and copy the stuff across seamlessly. It's like shelves for records. If you shelves that your records are on break, just get some new shelves and copy (i.e. move) your record collection across. The Web is moving to include video. Just look at the tag in HTML5. Sounds like Freenet http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FreeNet No, the number on reason devs like the iphone app store is because it lets people use their software. If it's not on the app store then anyone who hasn't jailbroken their phone (the majority of iphone users), don't see your software at all. Why not buy the non-free plan for a week, then cancel? Or email them. They might use PayPal, perhaps you could transfer money in there if you know the right account. How would a used (as opposed to new) car help? Used cars tend to be old, so would have a lowe fuel consumption than newer cars. Surely the most fuel effecient are the newest cars? It would only be cooler if the shark had a laser beam on it's head. How about Google Insights for Search? http://www.google.com/insights/search/ The European Union has a similar set up (since each country has a different VAT rate). it's simple here. You pay VAT in the country the website is in. If the company has substancial business in another member state, they need to charge that member state's VAT for those purchases (e.g. Amazon.co.uk charges the Irish VAT rate (of 21%) rather than the UK VAT rate of 15% if you are posting to Ireland) I think patio11's list is his customer list. the 50,000 people who have given him money, so that's not 50,000 clicks, that's 50,000 sales. There are usually 2 numbers used to measure the 'accuracy' of a test (be it a "This link will reach the digg front page" or "This person has HIV" etc.). Those numbers are the false positive rate (you said they'd get to the front page, and they didn't), and the false negative rate (you said they wouldn't get to the front page, and they did). It's common for these numbers to be related. Decrease one number and the other goes up. E.g. you could get a 0% false positive rate by just saying "Yes this link will get to the front page" for all pages, however your false negative rate would be massive, about 99.999999% (since you're predicting that every link gets to the front page). This test would be useless because of the high false negative rate. A breakthrough occurs when you are able to have a low false positive and low false negative result. The holy grail of any test is one that would have a 0% false negative and a 0% false positive rate. Usually it's a trade of between false positive and false negative. Most western justice systems would rather a high false negative than a high false positive, "Better 10 guilty men walk free, than 1 innocent man goes to jail". His statement about "63% accuracy" is ambiguous. What is he refering to? What are the false positive and false negative rates? Ireland I believe patio11 did something similar. Made an A/B testing framework to sell bingo cards. He advises doing this http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/01/24/startup-seo/ I think it's a brilliant idea and plan to copy it (y'know sometime...) If it's open source, anyone can run a "DropBox sever", and charge what they want. This would mean DropBox does all the hardwork and is then undercut by someone else charging less than them. "For instance, the iPhone puts the labels inline with the form element." The 'placeholder' text is a new attribute of HTML5. It allows you to specify the 'inline text'. It's suppored in modern browsers. Reference: http://diveintohtml5.org/forms.html YouTube has ads on videos. It's the same as a TV station airing a pirated DVD and selling the ads My guess is that the nuts and bolts problems aren't actually that big. Most people Just Don't Start™. In case you're interested, OpenStreeMap ( http://www.openstreetmap.org/ ) is a free wiki map of the world. As an option instead of Google Maps. They take bottles of water or cans of coke off you because you might be able to crash a plane with one. They don't take your mobile phone off you, ergo they can't be that dangerous. If you allow forks under a different name, then someone will put it into Linux distros with that name. Just look at Firefox/IceWeasel. Or CentOS I use Chromium installed with apt. All my software on my computer gets updated automatically :) It would be brilliant! If MS did this then IE6 would have dissappeared long ago! You're assuming that each place on the first page gets equal amounts of traffic. The 4th result does not get the same amount of traffic as the 1st result, it gets much much less. Yeah I believe that was lipstick.com. The latest version of HTML has the ability to do offline apps. i.e. you write your application in Javascript as a webapp, and it can run offline. You can store data locally in the browser and get javascript notifications when you are back online so you can sync. How do you convince companies and potential candidates that you know your stuff? If someone pastes an amazon link that doesn't have an affiliate link, then add your affiliate link? Things like that? Another idea: Create a final page for each set of entered text (so that you'd get redirected to onlineqrlab.com/text/hello-this-is-a-test which would have the image), then put some google adwords on that? Programmers have it worse: http://ifaq.wap.org/computers/architects.html The actual images themselves are copyrighted images. However you can copyright a collection of facts, e.g. a phone book. It's the collation of facts that is copyrighted. How much of it you can copy before you get into copyright is up to a judge. From a technical point of view they are the same thing, both are short 'status' updates. However they are used in different ways, by different users for different things. People mostly use twitter as a 'microblog'. It's like a blog, but each 'blog post' is limited to be very small. People use Facebook status updates to tell people what they are doing and to tell their friends things. If I see your facebook updates, you can see mine. Twitter is not like that. Facebook is for socializing, twitter is like newspapers. They are different, ergo it doesn't make sense to make them identical "The GIMP" is a worse name. Yes many of my friends feed their twitter straight to Facebook aswell. It's quite annoying to me. There is a Facebook app to do it. There's another facebook app that will only update your facebook if your tweet contains "#fb", which is a much better way Western Union is aimed at transfering money, not buying/selling goods. I had to transfer money to someone with WU and had to ring them up to verify it. They explicitly asked on the phone if I was sending money in exchange for goods, and that they don't support that, and you shouldn't use WU for that. This is would scare off most customers and is not a good business idea. Ireland also has a 'pension is based on last year's salary' for many public sector workers. Google Spreadsheet? I would guess "website number" does mean the web address. My 50 year old landlady gave me her "email number". I'd also saw Patrick is talking about 2 different browsers on the same computer. "don't talk to each other" probably means they don't share cookies. If the user logs into one website with one browser, then the other browser doesn't become aware of each other. Clearly the 2 browsers don't talk to each other. X11 is horrible on OSX. Applications that use it (e.g. The GIMP on OSX), are terrible and have many usability flaws, such as no clipboard between an X11 application and a normal application. > Perhaps it stems from Apple's claim that Flash is bad for battery life. This can matter even when there aren't obvious Flash widgets on pages you visit. Flash is used for ads and any number of tracking processes. If that's true, it still doesn't help mot users. I would guess that most users will install Flash pretty quickly after getting their laptop. They will then be subject to flash on all webpages, negating any battery savings. In Ireland, these kinds of tax breaks are one of the foundations of our economy. They aren't viewed as a way to give a hand out to the big companies, but as a way to create jobs. This article mentions that 2,000 people are employed in Google Dublin. Given Microsoft, Amazon, Intel, IBM and Sun also operate, there's easily 10,000+ people employed thanks to our low tax rate. There are only 1,000,000 people employed in Ireland (small country), so the loss of these 10,000+ jobs (~1%+ of all employees) would be massive. Ireland has very little industry, very little traditional ways to grow the economy. We all know if it wasn't for the tax breaks these companies wouldn't be here, and that there'd be loads of people out of work. Ireland's current financial problems are probably due to the property bubble. However there's been massive unemployment (it's tripled in 3 years to 14%), do you really think the government are going to force all these high tech jobs out of the country now? I'd rather not have it. I tried running OpenOffice under X11, and the fact that I couldn't copy and paste text around the place did my head in, and I couldn't use it. There was a large bank bailout, due to how much the banks had invested in property. A large percentage of government income (around 25%) came from 'Stamp Duty', the tax you must pay when you buy a house. When the property market collapsed, the government was getting less money that it was used to. i.e. the collapse of the property market increased government spending/debt and decreased government income. The point is U2 try to get people to be less selfish and more giving, all the while exploiting what they can to keep more of their money