Thank heavens, someone else who thinks the answer is "read the situation and act appropriately" rather than a black and white fight-or-flight response. About the exclusivity thing: A friend of mine is a financial officer for a company that just moved offices to Charlotte. Hiring two staff, they tried a couple of recruiters and hired two from the same recruiter, with a 25% bounty. They needed a third staffer, but were informed from that same recruiter that the bounty would be 27%. Confused because the extra position was no different - "you are charging us MORE for return business!?" - my friend was told that the extra cost was due to not signing an exclusivity agreement. His response was, naturally, "bye bye". Meh. Not surprising he's a freshman. "It's not a habit, I just do it all the time because it's healthy/good for me". The arrogance of this is astounding. Does he truly consciously think about everything he does before he performs the task? The overhead is mindboggling. When he puts his shoes on in the morning, does he consciously think about the comfort difference between putting the right shoe on the right foot versus swapping them? At some point, you have to 'automate' what you do, it is no longer conscious. At this point, it is a 'habit', no matter how much you want to pretend otherwise. And don't forget that the US' allies were all saying "Just wait a few months until the weapons inspections agenda is complete, then we'll all go in as planned and sanctioned by the UN". No, the US had to accelerate the timetable, replacing "worthless weapons inspections" with Powell's equally worthless poster project showing "structures". I don't think it's the presence of the checkbox so much as the reminder that "we will now have your email address and you will receive generic mail from us". I don't think I've ever heard of anyone /excited/ at the prospect of receiving generic mail from vendors, and certainly know of plenty who hate it. A rather sensationalist headline given that the scientific method already recognises the problems of human researchers and not only offers some mechanisms to counter those problems, but is eager for more. Are you serious? "No due process, no rule book, no accountability, just naked use of force." You defined the terms, and were supplied with the French Revolution as an example. You were the one who ran that horse into the ground, trying to insert gravitas that was never intended, so stop with the "Godwin's Law" rolling-of-the-eyes. Now I have an image of Lygon St spruikers madly typing in vi... A near lifelong citizen of Fitzroy and Brunswick, I've noticed that locals have shifted heavily away from Lygon St - for me, I refuse to eat there simply because even after you've had a satisfying dinner, you can't walk down the street without being accosted by every spruiker you come across. Having to walk a couple of hundred meters continually chanting "no thanks, we just ate, we just ate" takes the shine from a good dinner. I'd rather pay for dessert and wine than run the spruiker gauntlet... The medical equipment company I used to work for had a 5% discount that they built into every sale - people rarely paid full price, so sometimes just asking 'can you do better?' on high cost items will at least get you this "auto" discount. "I mean if the doctor overruns putting your new liver in, it is by a few hours at most." Speaking as someone who went to get a new filling in June, went through getting a root canal on another tooth, and finally will end up going under a GA to get some more serious work done in a month or two, I can assure you that doctors (well, dentists) do not charge on a fixed-symptom basis. Even if you need to return to a doctor only to get a new copy of a script you have already had, most doctors will charge you the consult time. Given that you appear to suggest there is no art to medicine, it sounds like you have no exposure to the medical world. Our profession isn't as unique as you make it out to be. Come now. Out of literally thousands of peer-reviewed articles that hit the journals every month, the author provides one example of a bad paper from 2001 and some vague handwaving at problems in the early '80s. Clearly this means that the system is a total and utter failure and should be tossed ASAP. Leaving the sarcasm behind now, peer review is but one element in the scientific process - and okay, it failed for the example paper. But another element - free and frank community feedback (ie: no sacred cows) - killed the paper, by the author's own admission. It's but one element of a series of checks and balances. Besides, although I've only published one paper, the feedback from the peer reviewers made that paper tighter and more professional - so for my solitary data point, that element of the process did improve the quality of the article. Are you honestly saying that if you go to your local bulk-billing doctor with a stubborn symptom that won't go away, necessitating multiple visits, that the doctor will only ever be paid for the first consultation? That the rest are all (metaphorically) 'bug-fixes that are included in the original fixed-price spec'? Ain't so. Doctors get paid for their time, Medicare just has the government pay for it instead of the patient. Also, dentists in particular are poorly covered by medicare here. I remember as a student going to a dentist that was affiliated with my uni and having the receptionist laugh when I pulled out my medicare card... It can sometimes be quite surprising to learn which words are a part of your local vernacular.:) I spent three months crossing the US and what struck me is how outgoing the Americans are. Back home (Australia) if you're standing at a bus stop, no-one will talk to a stranger unless it's a sardonic comment about how late the bus is. In the US, total strangers just started talking to me apropos of nothing, just to talk and pass the time. I think that this is my favourite aspect of the American character. The stereotype of the American who just wants to hear their own voice didn't hold up either - almost all of them were genuinely interested in conversation, though that may have been partly coloured because I was a foreign tourist a little off the beaten track. I was in a shop when I heard the lilting strains of a woman with an Irish accent at the next table over. Being quite partial to an Irish accent, I decided to eavesdrop and sate my desire. The first words I heard her say once I 'tuned in' - and I swear this is true - were "potato potato potato". I had to leave the shop quite quickly for fear of losing my composure :) I've pushed other folks' cars out of traffic or into a station before, and there's nothing like that sheepish smile you get as you wave them off and get on your way. On the other hand, I've also had a borrowed, beaten-up car break down in peak hour in the inside lane and no-one is letting me push it over two more lanes to the plentiful parking on the side. I waited for about two minutes for someone to give me a gap before I realised "hey, car is beaten-up anyway, if it gets hit, it's just another scratch". Waited for a small gap and just started pushing. Not particularly suprising that people with their nice clean paintjobs don't want to plow into a beaten car just to prove a point :) If you haven't encountered people like the ones in the story in your life, you need to get out more. They're as common as muck - absolutely zero disbelief is required. While I don't personally help everyone I've come across, I have done exactly as in the story, as have many of my friends: helped someone, accepted a reward to stop them from making a big issue of it, then secretly returned the reward because it wasn't the point of helping in the first place. Sometimes the most fun part of the story is the acrobatics required in returning the reward before you part ways. Requirement for suspension of disbelief: zero. So ask for a tamale with less cheese. Religion is definitely a choice in countries where such subtle nuances of civil rights are being debated as in the main link. Children can and do break with their parents religion as they grow up (and do so /often/), so clearly it's a choice. Sometimes it's a hard choice. But it's still a choice that's frequently made. But if you've got amputated legs, you can't choose to just hop up out of your wheelchair and go for a run like pretty much anyone else can. Perhaps I can make it a bit more black and white. A few suburbs away from me there was a Turkish man who killed his daughter for 'dishonouring' his family (had premarital sex). Now, I am in Australia, and this kind of thing is seen by us as murder, but it's seen by folks where this man came from as honourable. Should we be saying "It's just cultural, he didn't have a choice" or should we be saying "we're striving to create an egalitarian society, where everyone is treated as equals"? This man had a choice and to argue that "it's just cultural" (of which "it's just religious" is a subset) deprives others of their freedom to be. Laws need to cover people equally or as said elsewhere you simply create another form of discrimination. This doesn't mean that laws don't need to change, but instead that they should be worded to allow everyone the same flexibility, not having to pass some sort of highly subjecting 'faithness' test. For the record, the Turkish government has started handing out harsh punishment in an attempt to knock out "honour" killings. but the government shouldn't tell you what changes you can't make to your body, or how you provide care for a member of your tribe. Talk to a social worker and see whether or not you still believe that a government should still be able to step in and tell you how to treat a member of your "tribe" I remember reading one social worker's long diatribe about why they burned out and quit. Out of several truly horrible things (black and blue children are ten a penny), the one that really stuck in my mind was the description of finding genital warts on the anus of a 7-year-old because his mother repeatedly whored him out. "Self regulating"? Bollocks. That's a misrepresentation of what he was saying, don't know why you got the upmods. A captive-bolt stunner is a quick strike that stuns. "beating" something is protracted causation of pain. You're not 'filling in' details that have been left out, you're creating a new situation out of whole cloth. You've never heard of "a crisis of faith"? Shunning is monstrously different to killing. It's silly to even compare them. Tons of people reject the religion of their parents and are estranged from them for life, while still having a great - and in many cases markedly improved - quality of life. So... a program where near to 100% of input kids are neglected or abused that ends up with a significantly lower proportion of those kids neglected or abused is a "very weak" argument that anything has become "any better"? If you had a drug that could save 50% of terminally ill patients, would you say "we have a very weak case that this drug saves lives"? In order for your statement to make sense, the failure rate of foster care would have to approach 100%. Again, talk to an actual social worker about how they see foster care and whether or not they choose to use it. It's an opinion that will most likely come with caveats, but foster care is also a service they use frequently. While we're pulling reasons out of the air, I think that the difference in wages betwen '85 and today is /clearly/ because of Saturn's wobble. If you're the kind of person that frequents HN, I would have thought you'd have the google skills to find that out. Ah, the good ol' "if you're poor it must be your fault" reasoning, wearing yet another dress today. Seen this elsewhere but: a) There is no point in the video where the guy that started using his computer /after two years/ is confirmed as the theif, even after the police finally got involved, and; b) The speaker violates the concept of privacy that is supposed to be a 'hacker value' but not only posting everything he can on this unconfirmed thief (including dick size jokes) but also by posting naked pictures of uninvolved third parties. This hacker is an arsehole, no two ways about it. The BOFH is funny... when it's fiction. but not only posting => by not only posting The laptop booted straight to the desktop. The user lambasted by the hacker simply isn't "a computer guy", hardly a sin. Nah, they're just doing it to be cool. Nothing in a quiescent, stable state (ie not requiring attention) should be animated. Animation - even a pulse - pulls your attention. Yes, you can /learn/ to ignore an animation, but you shouldn't have to do that in the first place. "Most people use email to forward chain mail and pictures of cats." No, no they don't. That was pre-facebook - most of those users have moved there now. heh, "immature algorithms" These are the algorithms that every man and his dog want the key to, the holy grail of net commerce. I was going to write something more sarcastic but instead I'll ask: Who has better algorithms and how are they doing with them? Parents have a mere 0-10% influence over a child's development? Clear delusion there, farcical right on the face of it. One wonders if you get any social development done at all before you significantly interact with a peer group using that formula. Here's a simple example: language. Pretty much everyone learns the basics of language from their parents before they toddle off to anything representing a peer group. Genes don't give you language. Is there a gene for French? What about English with a Mancunian accent? Apparently the ability to talk and what that conveys is somewhere between 0-10% of your development. Not to mention dozens of traits that are formed from the people you interact with daily for a couple of decades. This range of numbers is simply the result of someone who has a hobby horse and has plucked figures out of the air to reinforce it. My point with language was it's simply an obvious one. There are a great many traits from our parents that affect us strongly on a subconscious level. Besides, saying "yeah, we have parents, but we all end up the same regardless" is a total cop-out when you turn around and say "yeah, we have genes, but they count for a wild fluctuation of 50% - far more important in the development than any other factor". Which is odd. We all have eyes. Arms. Legs. Lungs. Run, walk, cry, think, breathe, eat, excrete, suffer cold and hot. If you're trying to paint this theoretical 100% influence total as "that which makes us individual from each other", then it's farcical to say "parents don't count because we all end up with the basics" but somehow genes get special treatment. The fact that some of us have red hair and some don't doesn't count for 50% of our individuality. If such minor differences between people really counted for 50% of our differentiation, then there'd be far more homogeneity in personality for people of average height, average build, and average attractiveness. Those numbers are simply plucked from the air. A cutoff of 66% has nothing to do with the complexity of the marking requirements nor any standardisation done. "That's why you don't have to hold a book or your mobile phone or tablet at eye level." Bad ergonomics though. I actually got what I call a reading injury. 45 minute walk to work gets boring after a while, and after getting tinnitus (which when it was bad is /really/ bad) I was paranoid about listening to music or podcasts. So I read a book on my walk. Walking plus reading = bad for your neck. Took a couple of weeks of not read-walking to get my neck back to not hurting. That's an extreme example though. However, even in simpler terms, your neck is not made to be held at an angle for extended times. When you curl up on the couch with a book, you'll usually have good support. Do that same angle in an office chair 40 hours a week and you'll start running into problems. That 'touchpad plate' of Apple's (can't recall the official name) isn't as precise as a mouse. Our web developer gets a new box from Foxconn about once a week as he pretty much buys one of everything Apple makes. A true afficionado of the touchscreen/pad, he just couldn't use that plate for the specific reason that it's just not accurate enough for serious work. Touch and mouse focus on different things - and the mouse is venerable, not vulnerable :) They look very friendly to "full-hand" mousers, but a little unfriendly to "finger" mousers. Do you finger-mouse? How do you find it? EDIT: It's obvious how you find it, you said it directly. Change the question to "do you finger-mouse?" :) Big fan of the trackpoint. I hate trackpads, they're always clumsy (though multitouch was a great advancement) but the trackpoint is precise and doesn't easily 'drop' things when you're dragging. Nothing like that trackpad moment when the item you're dragging doesn't quite reach the destination before you hit the side of the pad :) Found the trackpoint hard to learn though - there's a lot of subtle muscle control. Steep curve, but rewarding once you have it. White pavement is a real issue on a human scale, more than a white roof. It's true, we don't spend a lot of time looking at roofs, and where people congregate in large numbers, roofs tend to be flatter and more out of view. Pavement, on the other hand, is visible everywhere people are and you do look at it all the time when you're outside in a city. Regardless of the heat, a dark road/footpath is easier on the eyes than a light one. Concrete roads on hot, sunny days require either squinting or sunglasses as all that lovely light gets reflected into your eyes. Not to mention that concrete roads and footpaths are less pleasant to use in general. From memory (and I could be very wrong here) Bush's response to Katrina was to not address it for a few days - exactly the wrong thing to do. http://blogcritics.org/politics/article/was-bush-slow-to-res... says it was four days before action started to happen, and I recall at the time there was a lot of anger directed against the inactivity of the feds. Compare to Bligh in QLD, who was doing two-hourly media stops packed with information, keeping people abreast of what was going on. The second day of the recovery they realised that they had so much volunteerism that they had to tap it - and there's aerial footage of volunteer centers with queues literally over a kilometer long. Compare to Katrina when the feds had no idea what was going on and where they also copped flak - rightly or wrongly - for not letting volunteers help in a timely manner Even on the information front alone, if people know what's going on, they feel in control of the situation as the 'what ifs' are minimised. QLD flood victims felt acknowledged, Katrina victims felt abandoned. Katrina was indeed much worse than the QLD floods, but that doesn't absolve a politician of having to provide good leadership. Meh, that argument is just a sideshow distraction. The real issue (as stated elsewhere) is that you are using something for which you are required to provide recompense. Avoid that recompense is depriving the distributor. While the semantics of "is it theft" does have a slight relevance, the overhead of how this concept completely derails the legitimate debate is far worse. Theft or not, it's an issue that needs to be addressed, and the "it's not theft" folks always seem to want to avoid addressing it. A bit like how those folks who always say "but information wants to be free / you can't stop it" never want to divulge their bank account details and passwords... The moon is made of cheese and Atlantis is located just off Greenland. The data bears this out. I'll provide a citation for my claims if you provide one for yours. The plural of anecdote is not data. Where are the stats about male /teachers/ alone with pupils having a worrying level of sexual predation, which is what you claimed. It's funny how that works - a brand new article not having much commentry. No such thing as confirmation bias, eh? Not the way it's used in day-to-day casual language. If your boss told you that you would be getting "not all, but most of your bonus this year" and you got half plus one dollars (or whatever you're paid in), chances are you'd be feeling cheated, no matter how 'technically right' your boss was. And innocent women aren't hounded from their tech jobs by the 'boys club' that is IT? It's not a competition. "You payed for those just to prevent you from lying to Apple and fraudulently claiming a warranty replacement." You make it sound like Apple is an innocent little child. It swings both ways - for every "amoral" customer you get claiming a warranty replacement, you'll have another "moral" customer getting short shrift from Apple (or company X) in terms of legitimate warranties not being honoured in a timely fashion or not following up on promises. When it actually comes to needing support, a lot of people find that Apple's slick sell doesn't flow into support - you take your chances and sometimes it really sucks. "$500-$1100 SSD upgrade" That's quite a tarry brush you're carrying there. A nice 120GB 2.5" SSD is all of $250 Australian dollars ($220 on newegg). A 240GB 2.5" drive is indeed $500, but I couldn't find an $1100 drive (my local may just not stock them). Regardless, you're intentionally picking the worst possible case to make your point. What about this situation: The bottom end mac pro comes with a 250GB drive (and you can't get a 500GB one). Upgrading to a 500GB drive costs less than $100 for the parts if you buy your own drive ($89 near me). Or 750GB/1TB for $115/$185? That's a decent upgrade for you computer, and it's not ridiculously expensive like you make out. I don't have a problem with countermeasures like water sensors, but to defend them by saying things like "what's the problem with buying a special screwdriver since anyone who's going to do so is going to install the most expensive SSD they can possibly find!" is just straight out apologism. It prevent John and Jane Doe from just picking up a common screwdriver of the types that people generally have lying around and opening the gadget. Techy types who know can hunt these things down, but it's to stop the casual users (ie: Apple's targeted market slice) from opening the units. If they were a company that sold equipment to R&D labs only, they would have used common fasterners. I do IT support for a small software house. If someone's hard drive dies, I can get a new one from a shop and get it installed, having them up and running, far faster than if I had to wait for /any/ brand-name support. We are not large enough to have spare PCs lying around in case of failure. While I am a 'tinkerer', it is also my professional duty to perform actions like these. The Right Way is not to find a hacky "elegant and creative way around" this issue, but to have direct access. "Or perhaps these new screws simply work better in their machines, jam up less, can be screwed in faster, whatever." This is... optimistic... So I write a diatribe about selectively picking and choosing data points to spin your argument and you choose to reply by doing just that? Except that it does apply in this case. If your director can keep away from close foreground shots, you don't get this problem. The angles between the eyes and the focusing power of the lens differ minimally once you get several meters away on out to infinity. From several meters to your nose, yes, heaps of variance is required and it would be very hard to do. This is just Ebert being an idiot and saying "This is my opinion, stated as fact, case closed. I won't enter into any discussion because I might be wrong", just like he said when he declared video games weren't art. It is /profoundly/ unscientific to dismiss something as unfactual simply because you don't like it. Back in the day, my honours degree was specifically involved in investigating ocular vergence (research jargon as 'angle between the eyes' as opposed to the /action/ of converging), comparing between a collimated image (= light coming to the eye in 'parallel' - from a military helicoptor pilot's HUD) and a real image (= light coming in 'non-parallel') displayed at 3m. At that distance there is already not much difference between focusing or vergence at 3m and at infinity (ie collimated), though discrepancies slightly increase as you move towards the periphery of your vision, though this may have been an artifact of the presentation of the HUD. I am not an expert in 3D and don't proclaim it to be 'there yet'. I do think that 3D is doable if the director stops the temptation of the 'power' closeup to showoff the 3D. So yeah, I think within constraints, 3D is doable. All film has constraints though, and those constraints are gradually eroded over time - such as night-time filming. Fifty years ago we would have heard Ebert proclaiming that it's impossible to film in natural light at night because film needs a certain amount of light, case closed, yet we've seen some amazing cameras arrive recently that can film at night using natural light. EDIT: Another example constraint is limiting yourself to a 'viewing box' - you can't turn your head for a full view of the scene in a movie. You're limited to a particular forced view. Despite this rather incredibly limiting constraint, film has managed to do some pretty amazing stuff. Sure it is - it can enhance immersion. Imagine being able to control scent in a movie, so that you get the smell of the scene. If done badly, yes, it can overpower the experience of the film, but done well, it would significantly enhance the immersion of a film, despite "not noticing it"/not specifically drawing your attention. Given that I don't particularly like "instant" and that these results still appear on the full search, I would consider this a feature, not a fault... When you have a hammer, every problem looks like a nail. Sure, it's good to keep disadvantaged users in mind, but some counterpoints: 1) As already mentioned, you have to go out of your way to double-space after periods in webpages. It's something to keep in mind, sure, but it's rare. 3) Gray on gray. As I started reading the article, I found that it was a little difficult to read because of low contrast. 5) Serif fonts. Used properly, serif fonts increase readability for normals. 6) Italics. You shouldn't be using italics for lengthy tracts anyway, because it's meant to be an effect signifying something (in-line quote, foreign word etc). It's meant to be 'unusual' to mark something as different and should be used in short doses anyway. Particularly with respect to #3 and #5, the lesson to take away should be "know your audience". If you're writing for the general public, keep dyslexics in mind, but don't make readability harder for the majority to satisfy a minority - particularly with respect to contrast. "In the case of DSL, the vast majority of the cost is the cost of maintaining the copper pair to your house, and that cost largely doesn't change, regardless of usage." Pure nonsense. ISPs have to pay data by volume to upstream providers. I've always thought it funny that people who use 250+GB of data class themselves as 'not heavy internet users'. "I don't torrent" != light internet use. What do most people torrent? Movies and TV. And yet there you are doing lots of HD video while claiming you're not a heavy user ("I don't torrent", "I simply..."). Out of curiosity, what level of bandwidth usage do you think quantifies a heavy user? Sounds like a bargain. There's a business opportunity for you! I do not at the moment - I perhaps phrased it poorly - but the cost of the in-ground copper wire is but one part of the costs of an ISP - datacenters, call centres, exchanges + dslams, specialist staff, CEO's bonus pay, so on and so forth. To paint the cost of DSL as almost entirely maintenance of the in-ground copper is nonsense. So you're claiming that the only part of managing throughput is the in-ground wires? That ISPs don't use network admins to manage load congestion? That ISPs don't have to purchase new hardware and other capacity to handle increased bandwidth consumption? Do you think all ISPs are running off the ancient network equipment they were originally set up with back in the day? I'm honestly surpised that on /Hacker News/ of all places, so many people thing that the only thing contributing to their bandwidth cost is in-ground copper. Are you seriously trying to tell me that a company with a thousand users requiring 100kb/day versus a company with a thousand users requiring 10GB/day has exactly the same costs apart from just the upstream bandwidth? That the latter company somehow gets 'cheaper' overalleven though it requires newer network equipment to handle the load? That the light internet users cause as much support issues as the heavy internet users? Of course they don't - for the same number of users, heavy internet use increases backend costs. Those 100k users aren't causing congestion with torrents or video, for example. And just like in-ground copper, exchanges, datacentres and the like aren't cheap to install or maintain. Sure they get a bit 'cheaper' with scale, but they're still not 'cheap' - especially if you've got to keep upgrading your equipment to handle load. Costs in a business rise in things other than directly-related items. Take an example: I've spent the morning doing an emergency repair on an RMA'd item that the service boys don't have the time to do. This has meant that the other critical tasks I've had to do have been pushed back. Sure, you can say that the repair of the RMA'd item is just my wages + spare parts, but you'd be wrong. It's had knock-on costs elsewhere in the system. I agree that we're at cross purposes, and you're closer to the nitty gritty than I am. I do admit to surprise that you find it more expensive to maintain old equipment than it is to purchase and maintain new equipment though. That's startling, and goes against the behaviours in the tech companies I've worked in. Not a memory expert myself, but a friend of mine dismisses overly large swap as consuming more RAM to handle it's addressing - that is, the more swap you have, the less of your RAM you can access. I'm not sure what the consumption rate is, but he won't create general servers with more than 2GB swap (if that), no matter how much RAM the system has. They have done that bare minimum. Flicker has already provided the guy with five years of hosting and linking - that doesn't just disappear because it's in the past. They provided the service that was paid for over those years. Now they've made a mistake, and have refunded this years payment and added future access for free. They have done more than 'the bare minimum'. It might be good PR to refund previous years' fees, but they were at the time provided in good faith and competant manner; there is no 'fair exchange' reason to refund them. I'm tired of hearing about the degradation of language content - the 'race to the bottom' of simplified language - being defended as 'just what language does'. Why can't people be proactive about the language they want to use? What's wrong with someone discussing why they think it's poor, and providing motivation to a 'this'-er to see why it's poor and changing their behaviour towards a more informative approach? Particularly in an intellectual environment such as what HN wants to fill, why is it wrong to say 'please don't dumb down conversation, please inject content'? After all, screaming 'first post' and trolling are also natural social progressions, but they're frowned on too. Have you stopped to ask who they are protecting them from? "But once a form becomes classical it rarely produces much of lasting worth." This may be true of arts, but it's not true of science. A clearly articulated idea does not lose cachet with age. Science isn't about 'forms' and 'styles', it's about accurately describing the world around us. Newtonian mechanics are 'classical' and 'old-fashioned', yet they still provide much of lasting worth to this day. Anyway, I think to some degree you misunderstand my issue, which is about content. "this" is contentless. It is chaff. Noise. Mental overhead. It adds nothing. I would much prefer to read a rambling paragraph by someone with a poor grammar, spelling, or even knowledge of whitespace if that person is providing some content. Encouraging people to provide content and not just fall back on memes and tropes contributes to intellectual discourse. All the examples you give provide content of some kind. Encouraging content promotes thinking about content, which in turn gives rise to more sophisticated thought - regardless of crossed t's and dotted i's. Perhaps an example. I'm Australian, and our previously monocultural British heritage offered us wordplay as a way of life. Every member of society used a variety of forms of metaphor to communicate, and double entendres (not necessarily sexual) were common, as was the process of being able to say more by what you left out. As we rejected the WAP and became multicultural (this is not a jab in that direction, just an explanation), the complexity of this communication has markedly simplified - speaking in metaphor in public is now truly dead here as the great unwashed can no longer perceive the true meaning (which once was plain as the nose on your face). The influx of US media helped simplify things here as well. The art of everyday reading-between-the-lines is wasting away. So we /have/ lost something tangible here. It's not about 'correct English', but complexity and subtlety in the way we can communicate. Things are much more stark and pinned down now - good for scientific work which should always be utterly unambiguous, but for everyday use not so much fun. So this has changed. I know that it has to be this way, and it would be unfair to immigrants to force them to engage in communication that takes decades to master just to take part in public life (enough barriers as is). But it is not an 'enjoyable' change. Perhaps a simile would be: imagine that if to continue communicating you were forced to use words no longer than three syllables long. It's doable, but it's constraining and you lose flexibility of expression. "Real intellectual culture is closely connected to the marginal, lowly, and popular; it's pseudo-intellectual culture that wants to erect a wall against them." I couldn't disagree more. I hear the 'erect a wall' part, but the marginal, lowly, and popular are the ones who ridicule those who show intellect or talent. In my experience, the 'good' intellectuals are those who can relate to the common person, but they prefer to be with people who can 'get' them, can converse with them on an equal footing. And a prime example: "This." is lowly and popular, but real intellectual culture - not hipsters, but real intellectual culture - does not favour it. Out of curiousity, if we shouldn't correct the language of those we believe are using it poorly, how would one justify the correction of subtle hate speech, which is about stopping language from being used to form a base opinion about a class of people? Is this not interfering with the way individuals choose to use language, molding language into what we want it to be rather than letting it be what it naturally falls to? Of course not, it'd block the tubes! "Don't care" in the form of getting out and proactively doing something, yes. "Don't care" in the form of clicking a preorganised button ("sign online petition", "retweet this travesty", "join this voluntary botnet"), plenty of folk care that way. If your engagement in the nominated activity can be fully completed before you finish your beverage of choice, the internet is full of caring individuals... Different, but related. A forensics company does not have the ability to claim ignorance of security issues - /especially/ if their role is digging up dirt on others. They should be fully aware of privacy and security issues. Now if they were a company that baked and distributed cheesecakes, I'd give them a pass on criticism for having security issues. Insane vendor lock-in that can be readily and legally circumvented with Calibre, a free and open-source piece of conversion software that runs on the three major consumer OSs? It would be interesting to see a study done on profitability per employee based against employee wage. Now it's just a hunch, but my guess is that Goldman Sachs with it's approaching-six-figure average employee wage is going to be a lot more profitable per employee than mega-marts employing minimum-wagers by the thousand. Are you aware that there are a great many places to purchase DRM-free ebooks at places other than Amazon? And that programs like Calibre can format-shift these to kindle-readable formats? You're not vendor-locked with the Kindle with these tools. Your /brain/ might be vendor-locked though, if you think that a Kindle will only ever read stuff bought from Amazon. I bought a Kindle for a friend, and torrented hundreds of ebooks for her. She hasn't paid a cent to DRM formats. When she wants a new book, she can purchase an ebook from somewhere other than Amazon if she wants to avoid DRM, and use Calibre to convert to .mobi format, which the Kindle happily reads. I was depressive and was retrenched in 2009 due to the company meeting bank demands. I ended up spending my retrenchment money travelling - I'm from Australia, and I always wanted to travel coast-to-coast across the US. I spent three months doing it, and had a total about about three crappy days. Every other day was awesome, just travelling at my own speed and exploring another country. I was significantly reinvigorated, and I'm very much the 'sit at the computer' type of person. So yeah, I recommend travel. Also because when else are you going to get the chance to spend some serious time travelling? Er, no it isn't. People pay the least amount possible because they're tight. Some people are actually offended when I tell them "you get what you pay for" - particularly for services rather than products. There's this weird consumer fantasy land where you get top quality for fire sale prices. Real names attached to unpopular commentary = danger. For example, if you're in a conservative town and you're using your real name while arguing for civil rights for homosexuals, you might draw nutcases tracking you down and harrassing you for your simple viewpoints instead of engaging you in the medium you participated in. This isn't a matter of not owning what you say, but a matter of putting a layer of insulation between yourself and immature idiots. Another issue with real names comes from identity theft - using real names makes the process a little easier. Real name + known site hack = half the job done. Pseudonyms aren't just about trolling, they're also a social firewall. Another way of looking at it is: why does a comment from a 'real name' have any more weight than from a pseudonym? Once you've built up a body of commentary you've built up a reputation under that handle anyway. Just recently I witnessed a heated debate between pseudonyms and the weaker of the two debaters finally said "I am Dave Foo from Sometown, Oregon - are you going to hide or man up?". The response was "I am Bill Bar from Othertown, California - what of it? You still haven't answered the questions I asked". Real names add little in terms of content of validity. Real names aren't necessary, but if you want a reputation, you'll need to be consistent with the name you pick. I have found the opposite - by using a handle on a debate site, I've been able to float very taboo topics that have ended up being pretty illuminating and illustrative that I never would have engaged in if I was 'protecting my name and keeping away from the crazies'. One example was in an online debate about a report of necrophiliac abuse of cadavers in a funeral home. Highly emotive topic and sets off the rage in most folks. But myself and a few others were able to look at it a bit more discretely - and through discussion examined where the harm lay: not to the person whose body was so affected (as they're dead) but to the family should they find out (you may disagree, but this helped illuminate something for me about 'bags of chemicals' vs 'human being'). This isn't to say I think necrophilia shouldn't be a crime, but that where the harm is done is somewhere other than the knee-jerkers think it is. Ultimately discussion of this ultra-taboo topic gave me insight to the human condition and was another brick in the understanding-how-things-are-instead-of-how-they-look edifice. If I had've used my real name in a discussion like that, I would never have pursued it. Some people are blinded by rage and emotion and advancing an unpopular viewpoint is simply inviting someone stupid in the middle of a rage to do something harmful to you without rationally thinking about it. These folks are also the ones that believe that being offended gives them the right (or even the duty!) to harm you. The benefits to pseudonyms /far/ outwiegh the penalties. As pyre has already said, 4chan's b channel is a force unto itself, but there are plenty of other places with no consequences where the speech is fine and isn't the devolved miasma you make it out to be. Pseudonyms also protect people against unwarranted discrimination. I speak as a white male with a white male name that it's fucking awesome being a white male. But I have observed those who aren't white males get subtley (and sometimes not so) discriminated against online. Check out /any/ tech post where a commenter with an Indian name takes part. Unless the Indian is well known, there's bias against their comments. Same goes for women - if the discussion is outside the 'women's sphere', watch the subtleties as some of the men close ranks. Get an openly-declared woman involved in a discussion on physics in a general forum and she won't be treated as an equal. People should be judged on what they say, not how their name slips hints about their background. To that end, a pseudonym greatly levels the playing field. A name, pseudonym or otherwise, merely defines a body of work, and humans are complex creatures with interests in different areas. Why should we throw away the awesome things pseduonyms do for us simply because of internet trolls - which have other effective ways of dealing with them anyway (user moderation >>> unprovable 'real name' requirement) Hit the 'End' key! :) sigh One day we'll stop comparing city-states to continental countries. How about an apples-to-apples comparison. Hong Kong is part of China. How's the internet compare between the US and China? Average speed? Broadband penetration? Choice of ISPs? Freedom of access? I come from a different continental-sized country also full of internet-speed whiners, and boy do they love pointing at tiny countries and outliers and making it sound like these are the norm. Huh, fancy that - South Korea is an order of magnitude ahead of everyone else in the world. Clearly we /must suck/, because we don't match that hypertech'd outlier! So that's how you do italics here. How baroque! "Although Nokia and Microsoft gave us an endless supply of concept products over the years, they haven’t produced, for example, anything like the TiVo, the iPod, the iPhone, OS X, the iTunes App Store, or created brand new user experience paradigms, transformed calcified markets, captured the imagination of people, and so on. They didn’t have the organizational and intellectual discipline to go from concept to product." Pure fanboyism. Nothing like OSX? Windows isn't like OSX? It's a gui system for running programs on your personal computer. Nothing like the TiVo, iPod, iPhone? Well... they see themselves more as a software company. Apple doesn't have a product that can even remotely compete with MS Office - like it or hate it, it is MS's 'killer app'. Transform calcified markets? MS IS the calcified market! They had so much of the market there was nowhere for them to go but down. Captured the imagination of people? People being led by the nose to say "ooh, shiny glass and brushed metal" are showing the same level of imagination as the people playing in the MS-corned PC games market. "Real artists ship, dabblers create concept products" Nonsense from the outset. Unless, of course, you think that a painter of masterpieces should never have once produced a preliminary sketch. Outrage? Hyperbole much? It's an article humourously linking the mechanical control of Apple to Asimov's three laws of robotics. This is the first time I've seen something written in the passive voice being referred to as 'outrage'. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Laws_of_Robotics Take it up with Asimov. Just because we're a techy crowd here doesn't mean that we can't allow a little poetic license. Simple: consumers live in the moment. They have no idea how much work goes into creating a product, nor do they see more than a couple of months into the future. Unsustainable? How about 'normal retail practice'? It's funny watching people froth at the mouth about normal retail practice. I don't like Apple or how they run their business, but a 30% cut for a retailer is even be a little low. Go into a bricks-and-mortar store and usually 30%+ of the price you see is markup on the wholesale price. Apple provide a service: they deserve to get paid for it. Even if Apple allowed apps to be sideloaded, you wouldn't sell anywhere near as many apps if you marketed them yourself, not to mention having to deal with organising a payment system and easy, integrated way of getting them. App developers are the wholesalers . Apple is the retailer . If you want to be both a wholesaler and retailer for your app, then Apple isn't for you. Go to Android... but you'll find it's still better to give Google a cut and be on their market as well... The best resume format I've seen is this: list your job duties in a plain English paragraph or two without getting too verbose. Directly after that, stick all the keywords for that particular position in a box. Move on to the next position and do the same. This way the mouthbreather HR folk that just run off dot-points and couldn't give a fuck get their keywords, and the folks next in line who want to understand what you actually did and can understand what you're talking about can hear you describe it in your own words (plus refer to keywords as necessary). Short, plain English paragraphs speak volumes as to your skill in communication and that is picked up by those who care (ie: not HR) They may have gone to a lot of effort, but I have to say it's not smart to put content on a page that doesn't work when javascript is off. Come on. Apple directly markets to the latte set - it's their target audience. It'd be as silly as saying that MS has the best OS because that's what all the high-end gamers use. Also, on the hardcover thing, we must live in very different areas, because even excluding novels, most books people have lying around are paperbacks and while there are a few hardbacks, they're not used with anything like the regularity of e-readers. esp. since I'm reading at night, and don't want to have a light on Eh? So... a tiny booklight integrated into the Kindle's cover counts as a 'light' and is therefore Not Good, but a sizeable screen that lights up your face and what's behind it is apparently Kudos Awesome? This works as long as your developers are talented in QA and are motivated to do it. That sounds like it requires a lucky constellation of events. "I like using my fingers and hands to interact with my computer." Trust me, the keyboard and mouse that is controlled by psychokinesis has not been invented yet. Fingers and hands are a requirement to deal with pretty much all computers... What's Next is a big problem for software because the simple stuff is easy and noticeable, but the refinement is tricky and doesn't look like much. At my old work, our basic software showed a series of line graphs crossing a page in realtime. Compared to the previous available tech (paper pen printers) it's Big and New. Comes version 2 of the software and it has many refinements - antialiasing and smoothing algorithms to make the data look nicer and more interpretable but with no loss of significant detail; improved analytical algorithms with tighter results; reduction in data stored per unit of information; so on and so forth. But the users don't see this, and certainly don't think it's "much more" than version 1 - "Shouldn't this be a patch? Why should we have to purchase it again for v2?" That job also taught me that what users want and what devs think users want are frequently miles apart. How does Ben know that the guy previously emailed adam, anna and berry? Shouldn't Adam, Anna and Berry be concerned about their email privacy if Ben just reads their email on a whim? I used ifconfig until about halfway through last year when someone pointed 'ip' out to me. I kept using ifconfig right up until the point I found that ip didn't require root rights... This was the first thing I thought. This is pure and simple bad UI design. UIs should move away from ambiguity, especially around concepts of safety. The high voltage symbol is a safety symbol. Sure, this very second, there's going to be no confusion between the two symbols, but if this catches on and the symbol becomes ubiquitous, it will muddy the discrimination of the safety logo. This is simply irresponsible behaviour from a tech giant who intends for this symbol to become ubiquitous. All in the name of "oo, it looks cool!". Bad Apple! Fair enough, thanks for the info. I just generally found that I couldn't simply make it work on a standard debian install and assumed it was permissions. ta I'm similarly OS-agnostic in terms of performance and usually recommend Apple gear for people with no preferences. But it still bugs me when people bray about 'revolutionary Apple products' that are really just Apple joining the party. This 'amazing new thing' gets shoved in my face that has been around for ages and I'm supposed to mollify them with vapid oohs and ahs. Or if someone asks me why I've got an android phone and not an iphone and I casually respond that I don't like the way Apple devices get locked to iTunes, I get groans and eye-rolls. Fuck that shit, you ask me a question and then you socially punish me because I prefer to go a different way, damn right I get pissed off at the 'Apple Cult'. Fanboys of all stripes are painful as hell, and the Apple Fanboy Cult is currently ascendent, that's all. IIRC, one of the negatives about Ubuntu choosing to move away from X11 towards Unity is that they will be losing the network-friendliness for remote screens for which X11 is specifically designed. X Windows was designed around running multiple thin-clients as a primary purpose. Wiki says X started in 1984, with X11 being released in 1987 - it'll be 24 years old this year. I've noticed that with comments of my own - where I've made a sarcastic comment, then said 'kidding aside now, real comment' and been heavily downmodded. Normally this wouldn't rankle, but in the same threads are far more sarcastic comments with zero content happily getting modded up, sometimes quite strongly. Another time I was arguing against a guy about language, and despite his position being offered in good faith and with a degree of detail in his argument, he was modded into the negs. Comments do seem to do better here when appealing to emotion and popularity rather than internal merit. As code_duck says, on MS Windows VNC just lets you see the existing single-user desktop. It's a different beast to the unix VNC. On X Windows (X11) VNC runs 'more natively' creating a new desktop for you when you remote in - each new connection creates a new desktop instance for the user logging in. It's actually more configuration work to make it view an pre-existing desktop session :) Anything has to be better than Microsoft's "Call Our Account Manager To Have Them Explain Appropriate Volume Licensing - Oh You Bought Something Slightly Weird Let Us Pass You Through To The Next Guy Up Who Might Still Fob You Off" licensing methods. I'm not an expert in remote protocols, but I also find it snappy. Perhaps the point that for non-server versions it locks out the local console while it's running is the restrictive part? What you really mean is not "these professions can do no wrong", but "the media finds it difficult to blindly tar these professions the way it does to others". Doctors can do no wrong? Is that why malpractise has help skyrocket the cost of medicine in the US? Doctor shortage a machiavellian plan to keep salaries high? Pull the other one. Yes, I do think that there aren't enough people with the smarts and the motivation to be a doctor - in fact I think that there are less of them than actually are doctors. Policemen can do no wrong? Yes, in law courts they're seen that way, but I can guarantee you that plenty of people see police as doing plenty wrong. Police cop plenty of abuse. And Teachers can do no wrong? Tenure or not, teachers cop it from students, administration and parents. Firefighters can do no wrong? Meh, firefighters have the soft option. Cool toys and generally don't have to deal with the general public if they're not paramedics. Stick it to 'em :) But really, the 'can help friends in Katrina' argument you make is just desperately clutching at straws. Not sure how this is a prime motivator for emergency personnel (I know a few, and this is not why they work in their respective forces) or as a 'can do no wrong' argument. Why do you say no language problems? They have different problems - educating in two languages, Finnish for home use (a unique language no-one else uses) and English to be competitive in the wider world. The article even makes mention of the issues of English. I think the confounding factor is not "a middle-class society" rather than "a democratic socialist society", where everyone is given the chance to perform instead of being damned by the location of their birth within their country. None of this 'born in poor location, local schools don't have funding' crap. If the US could get rid of it's endemic Just World fallacy, half of it's problems would be solved... Then you miss out on the steam train! My mistake, swap in Wayland. Most of the moaning I've heard on the web about it is from Ubuntu - probably because I use debian and watch those crowds more. heh, sorry, I always unintentionally do that, and it always gets up the nose of the old guard :) I disagree - school is an excellent place to learn skills, especially if you do sciencey stuff. It teaches you how to question things fairly and appropriately, and how to do and dissect research. When I left tertiary education we were all sitting around doing the trendy thing and bemoaning how university had been worthless; we couldn't remember any facts . Then it dawned on us that we got insights into industry, learned how to communicate professionally, learned how to find the truth or the most truthful path, how to research, how to critique work, learned how to better collaborate with others, gained a small measure of self-direction (tertiary is the first level of education where it's up to you to show up), tastes of politicking and how to survive it, professional ethics, so on and so forth. Occupational skills were learned in addition to all of those. Part of the above meshes with culture, but they're all tangible if non-obvious skills. If you want someone to do a root-cause analysis, you're not going to turn to the dropout unless he's talented and a passionate self-driven learner. Most folks are not this. As always GIGO, but you learn a hell of a lot of skills in tertiary education, they're just not all in 14-point font on your syllabus. Sometimes you can tell. I'm very glad I went to university for my undergraduate, and very glad I dropped out of my PhD. My career has been in fits and starts and I've been poor most of my life, but in my PhD I was doing a subject I wasn't interested in and I could see my career path ahead of me - disinterested, unmotivated post-doc, academic politicking with the sharks, no real-world experience with a doctorate in something that was rather tenuous and not useful, trying to hide this fact from future academic employment. Interestingly my first year in industry after dropping out gave me the experience that my topic would have ended in a null finding. The direction of the PhD was such that there weren't many doors opened by it, but once you have a doctorate you're overqualified for just about everything outside the doctorate's field - which sucks if you're not an entrepreneur (like me). The important thing is to discern the people who say 'best thing I did' and actually mean it with the benefit of self-reflection versus the people who use it as a defence for copping out and not doing the hard yards. Sorry, by 'school' I was meaning tertiary only. High school didn't add much in the way of critical thinking, I agree. Fair point - I have only ever used sl on a box with no sound, didn't know it did that. I have been using my iPhone for years and my iPad for one year. I honestly can’t remember the last time I went to a Web site that wouldn’t load because I didn’t have Flash installed. This seems self-selecting. I use Flashblock with win and lin desktops and are constantly coming across sites "missing bits" or "missing everything" because of blocked flash. Half the time this is advertising - I love my Flashblock - but there's a lot of content blocked as well, Way back when I was studying intelligence there were a number of specialties, but there were three broad groups that these specialties seemed to cohere under: 1) Algorithmic intelligence: the layman's usual picture of intellegence around working with concepts, figures, space, so on and so forth 2) Verbal intelligence: working with language and expression, vocabulary, etc 3) Social intelligence: being able to read people and social situations This was the state of play ~15 years ago and things may have restructured, but it points out that acuity can be in places other than the usual geeky fare. The sales guy that can sell you something you don't want and make you feel good about it is able to read your cues and formulate responses to counter 'incorrect' behaviour. Why be sad? It's the way of things. A scientist does science, interested in analysing something. An actor is interested in presenting themselves to huge numbers of people and being popular in doing so. It's the whole point of the job - the actor's job is inherently self-promoting; it can't exist without some form of self-publicising. I don't like Apple's business practises and never have, but this 70/30 split furore is hilarious to someone who has worked in retail and supply before. It is entirely normal for a retailer (apple) to take this kind of split in the retail price and the supplier/wholesaler to take 70%. In the retail industry I worked in, the retailer took a 35-40% portion. This split is yawningly normal in retail. What's not normal is the huge numbers of "one-person" wholesalers... who have very little in the way of business experience and see that split as a "tax" rather than payment for a service. regarding the first point about 32% take, below is my cut'n'paste from the same issue on the Apple platform. At least on Android you can sideload. Summary: "If you want to do business, you have to pay for services. Deal with it". If you think otherwise, well, there's a market full of screaming developers with little business experience, and this is the 'home of startups' - there's a startup idea to capitalise on. ---- I don't like Apple's business practises and never have, but this 70/30 split furore is hilarious to someone who has worked in retail and supply before. It is entirely normal for a retailer (apple) to take this kind of split in the retail price and the supplier/wholesaler to take 70%. In the retail industry I worked in, the retailer took a 35-40% portion. This split is yawningly normal in retail. What's not normal is the huge numbers of "one-person" wholesalers... who have very little in the way of business experience and see that split as a "tax" rather than payment for a service. And don't Walmart and Costco have an excellent reputation for quality! And actual retail stores need to pay for their property, their employees, transportation, and utilities to keep their stores running. I thought someone would say this - as if developing the infrastructure and maintaining it is extremely low cost. Development of enterprise level software is expensive. Having individual reviews of every app is expensive. This is just apologism for people trying to get out of the rather humdrum retailer/wholesaler relationship. Apple don't buy stock and sell it on. Sure they do - they just buy it in a JIT fashion. Someone orders the app, Apple supplies them a copy. The 'stock bought' is the payment to the wholesaler. If you buy ten shirts from a wholesaler, they get paid for ten shirts. If you buy ten apps from a wholesaler, they get paid for ten apps. I don't think a department store would necessarily take 30% of all sales made within it. A department store has different expenses, but yes, a good quality department store will take that cut and higher. Apple and Google are not just providing market space. They also provide quality review and payment processing. It's not like your Sunday market where you pay a fixed price, take a fixed amount of stock, and then spend your own time hawking your wares and dealing with payment. Instead it's a market where you supply your stock once and take royalties on it. Apple/Google take over some of the advertising and all of the payment processing. You don't have to worry about bad credit cards. Or making the payroll. Or keeping the servers up. In fact, that's the better way to look at it - rather than a bricks-and-mortar store comparison, apps are more like music or prose. You do the work once . You can rerelease the work if you like. It's in your own interest to help market the work, but you don't have to. But once the work's done, you can just sit back and let someone else deal with making money for you if you like. That sounds more like royalty-based industries than brick-and-mortar shops. And compared to other royalty-based industries, in this case it's the artists taking the corps to the cleaners! Seriously though - they've sunk heavy investment into the product, why should they go for cut-throat margins in a booming industry? Besides, it comes off as whining for suppliers to have to pay a very normal fee for services supplied They offer similar services: a centralised place that people come to in order to buy a variety of products. It's good for your software to be on it. The differences are minor, it's the merchant solution that is significantly the same. At least with the Android marketplace, if you don't like that 30% cut, you're free to separately market and take payment for your application. The principal part of both is this 'centralised store' approach, combined with dealing with the payment system. The other thing is good old capitalism. Apple and Google aren't social services, so why should they operate on razor-thin margins? They have desirable products, and are charging normal retail overheads for what is, essentially, a royalty-based industry. 30% is fine, and 'what do you get for it'? The ability to hawk your wares and not have to worry about bad debts or if it's worth taking a 99c sale. I've only just entered the smartphone market (android phone 3 weeks ago) but before I had a horse in the race, as a neutral observer, Apple fanboys were worse than Android ones. Android fanboy bitchiness seems to be a reaction to Apple marketroid guff. It doesn't self-generate and invade your mindspace. Apple marketing and culture does. Fanboys are annoying everywhere, but in the absence of mention of competition, Apple on other people's devices demands more of my mental space than Android does. Germany also has an incredible work ethic. Not only did they bounce back after WWII, they also did after WWI. At the conclusion of WWI, the allies effectively stripped Germany of it's factory infrastructure and imposed crippling repayments. Within 20 years Germany had again massed a military machine that took over Europe - overpowering their former opponents - and came close to taking Russia. They've always valued quality and hard work, and it pays off for them. Right now they're the ones dragging the EU along by the ear. Another factor is that much of the UK's economy was based on income from foreign lands, particularly India. Once that was gone (India achieved independence post WWII) a decline was inevitable. Perhaps the secret sauce is having the guts to admit that significant changes need to be made and then act on them. Since the GFC, all the US administration has done is try to preserve "business as usual". There's been no real "stuff is really harsh, we need to take some serious measures here". I guess that covers that stagnation angle... And there I was thinking that AB's success and CTC's failure was that the former doesn't finish after a mere handful of levels... "price of 6 lines of puppet code" = 90 characters price of your example = 105 characters Why is installing Ruby "provisioning my server" while installing Puppet is somehow "not provisioning my server"? I seem to accrete job roles, and one time I was so far behind on my testing that I went to the boss to ask for a Wed-Sunday work week so I could get some actual work done without interruptions. The first fortnight was great, got through a lot of backlog on sat/sun. The second fortnight sucked as I was blocked on stupidly trivial issues. That ended the experiment. I guess the moral of the story is to pick and choose your 'out of hours' work wisely. I might choose the one that is closer to me, or closer to where I would want to use the stored items. I might choose the one that also offers a parcel reception service. I might choose the one that has better security - some storage outfits are just a single room separated into lots by loose cardboard. I might choose the one with greater hours of access. One day people will get that there is far more to 'value' than 'money'. SF is a nice place. People want to be there. Why shouldn't they capitalise on it? Boo-hoo, stupidly wealthy company can't take the heat, so go move to Idaho and see if that tax is really the kind of thing that cripples your tech company. Rah, rah, private companies should be allowed to accrete wealth for their superior products because that's The American Way. But should a city offer a superior product, suddenly we're all supposed to be communist equalists when it comes to the public life? A foreign minister that calls gang rapists "virile" and all sorts of extremely mysoginistic pop culture suggests not that "the Japanese are so civilised ", only that they are merely different. White friends of mine recall looking for a flat in Japan and being constantly rejected with "you're white, we don't lease to whites", which is not a problem there. There are second-generation Koreans living in Japan who can't get citizenship or the vote. Japan is an awesome place and the people are very different to a great many other places, but can we keep the cultural cringe to a minimum? I also find it interesting in the story that there is no mention of Feynman making a fuss about a colleague being stark naked in the same room. Does this mean he's also much more advanced and civilised? Why doesn't Fernman mention this; why is it beyond notice? Why is the maid's lack of reaction that much more noteworthy than his own lack of reaction? Ah, but were they their own bikes? :) This is an outrageously biased article. The previous two globally-advertised large-scale disasters happened in western anglo countries and had minimal, if any, looting. I'm talking about the floods that devastated Brisbane and the Queensland coast, quickly followed by a category 5 cyclone smashing into Townsville (Australia) and the Christchurch earthquake where the centre of the city was levelled (New Zealand). Both of these disasterous events had extremely little looting. Both of these events saw strong outpourings of community spirit and solidarity, with lots of volunteering and food drops. It's not something that's mysteriously Japanese. This is important because the article paints this as a Japan vs the World thing by roping in the UK, Chile and Haiti. The article lists the following as reasons why there is little looting in Japan: - buddhism and shinto - honour and dignity - conformity and consensus - national pride - high discipline - they return your lost wallet - more highly evolved race (!) Few of these are attributes that random interviewees would say are characteristics of Australians or New Zealanders The Japanese are a unique culture and credit needs be given where due, but we need to stop talking about them as if they're magical and mysterious, beyond mortal ken just like Tolkein's elves. This is the crux of it. Either give them a free account (possibly with benefits to you described above) or stop them/lock them out. The chance of converting this customer into a valid one is low enough that it's not worth your mental overhead dealing with them further. Out of curiousity, what is a currently functional non-stone-age operating system? I tend to waffle a bit (well, usually informative, but lots of info), so now at longish emails I go back to the top and put 'summary: foo'. Folks can get the summary and then drill down to detail if they want to. That's not going to help the GPs keyboard problem though. I would had thought a much simpler and more direct example of functional overlap would have been 'more' and 'less'... The saddle is just as easily locked - get a light chain and a padlock, wrap it around one of the underwires of your saddle. As for 'steering wheel'... a bike that unusual is asking to be stolen by a curious enthusiast :) Africans have been in Africa since the dawn of humankind. Do you think there'd be so many 'wallet' stories as in this thread if we were talking about Africa? Egyptians have been a distinct ethnic group along the Nile river for longer than the Japanese have been where they are. Let's not attribute magical properties to long-lived cultures. Doesn't matter how open the source code is, the phone network still needs to know which cell you're in to direct your call. Knowing where you are is a fundamental part of the cellphone system. Well, if all software was free, you could run your own base station, not just a phone. Likely other people would do the same thing. I look forward to this influx of wealthy and altruistic individuals. So you should be able to drive a car that has heavy tracks that chews up and destroys public roads, loudspeakers blaring 110db pink noise, emits a safe but heavily odourous powder that coats the buildings it passes by, and has random rotating high power searchlights guaranteed to throw blinding rays into other drivers' eyes, should you so feel like it? All so you can escape the 'burden of control'? When you do drive, do you bother to follow traffic lights? I mean, they're just another form of the government telling you what you can and can't do. You should just be able to drive when you like, where you like, right? Similarly license plates should be discarded, as they're just another way for the government to track your activities, which we should be free from. To be clear, what I'm trying to illustrate is the pointlessness of absolutist statements. Being human is an exercise in compromises, and libertarian talking points fail to take this into account. Expanding on that, you can tell a lot about a society by the way it treats its least valuable members. 'Least valuable' is not the employed poor. They're the entrenched criminals and severely mentally ill - those who only consume resources and can't be rehabilitated. If I had to choose a single simple measure, it would be the median level of quality of life. The HDI tries to evaluate that, check it out: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Development_Index http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_inequality... Total accumulated success is easily shown to be a false measure with a thought experiment. Consider two thousand-person communities, one full of middle-class professionals, and one with a single multi-billionaire and the rest are all downbeaten impoverished workers. You'd have to be pretty crazy to suggest that the one with widespread crushing poverty is a better society. Wales isn't a country!? I would have thought of all people, someone with a handle like "anghyflawn" might be a bit more compassionate to the plight of the cymry... Not particularly for teams: "The Magic is doing really well this season," "The Heat is doing really well this season," (there are no non-plural NFL teams...) Band names fare better: "The Who was awesome if somewhat cheesy." "Radiohead was awesome if somewhat cheesy." ... you seriously think that .xxx will stop trick sites like lemonparty and goatse? I am gobsmacked. Doesn't this reduce our available address space? What about all the sites that currently have three different entities at their .com, .net and .org addresses? What happens to ubuntu.com and ubuntu.org, two different groups? Where we are now, getting rid of TLDs would cause immense unnecessary conflict. I don't get that from the article at all. The article mostly seems apologism for nuclear power, and neatly sidesteps how such a disaster can make large areas uninhabitable. When you're the size of Russia, losing an area like Chernobyl is barely a scratch. When you're the size of Japan, with people squished in everywhere, there is no space to lose. If you're going to abuse Wikipedia that way, you should be referring to him as Jimbo. So you're saying that despite hundreds of female acquaintances going on nightly excursions, you've never heard even one of them express exasperation or jesting concern over men in general over the course of years? Never once a comment on how men don't pick up on things, never once a comment on how men don't understand, and all possible criticisms are individual-specific? Either: a) You're just making this up. Humans are just not that invariable. I've had hundreds of casual night-out buddies of both sexes... and I would be lying if I could state any thread that ran through all of one gender, anatomical traits aside. Hell, I'd be hard pressed to find a thread that ran through even half of them, with the possible exceptions of 'likes to imbibe some form of inebriating substance' and 'speaks English' b) You state 'joking', so perhaps all general criticisms of men were considered serious statements? c) You state you don't remember , so perhaps you get so blind drunk you can't remember any conversation? "all women, always" is not that much worse than "no women, never" While content is better expressed with correct grammer, it does not automatically follow that poor grammar = no content. We can expect more articles on cooking, which is just "hacking" food? Gardening, as it's "hacking" vegetation (literally, sometimes)? Mental illness treatment advances, because it's "hacking" the psyche? Apple said 'No'. I didn't run as far as you think I did: "you've never heard even one of them express exasperation or jesting concern over men in general over the course of years". As for And from "not once do I remember anyone joking about men not being too smart" to "no women ever make any negative comments about men whatsoever"? , you're putting words in my mouth. I never said that. How do you go from a few hundred casual drinking buddies over the years to blind-drunk nightly excursions That was one of three options in my "Either" list, jokingly picking up on your "I don't remember" comment. When you're complaining of other people taking you out of context, it behooves you to take them in context. The "no woman, never" thing was referring to you saying that in your vast experience of socialising with women, you do not recall a single incidence of -foo-. In casual talk, that's making the point "no, never". 1) The story is not complete yet. 2) Things other than a simple count of short-term fatalies matter. How about we do a deal: stop deciding whether Fukishima is a good or bad thing at least until it's completely under control. We've already had the darkly amusing round where the pro-nuclear have said "See, perfectly safe, no nuclear explosion" and then there was one. Wait for the chapter to be finished before claiming win or loss. The screens get oily enough as it is... For the knee-jerk downmodders, I'd like to repeat that I'm on the fence here: Wait for the chapter to be finished before claiming win or loss . Sorry, bad terminology: release of large quantities of radioactive materials. The pro-nuclear side were talking about how safe the plant was and how there had been no release of radioactive materials - and then there was such material released. There's also the good ol' Free Speech Zones http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_speech_zone "You can say what you want, but we tell you where to say it." EDIT: That being said, the US still has a very high bar for freedom of speech. 'ip' does a hell of a lot more than just list devices. It's really worth learning how to use it. you also don't need root rights to use it for display - although ifconfig can be run as a regular user, it's not on the path by default so it usually won't show up. Business maths is not algebra. Algebra, for example, doesn't give you discounts for buying in bulk. Nonsense. It was dressed up as a tutorial to "style the content of a page to your liking", but you know something, I learned very little about styling a page to my liking in that tutorial. The game is also given away by the name of the supplied function: "Paywall smasher". The "tutorial" is the thinnest veneer of an excuse I've seen in a long time, and sits right alongside all those people who torrent scores of gigabytes of "linux isos" every month. Why does someone who wants to access the site via their iPad have to pay more than someone accessing the same content from a smart phone? I haven't looked, but I imagine it's a different, more complex app with a better workflow that takes better advantage of the ipad's capabilities. If you didn't want the app, you could just pay for the basic website and browse to it on the ipad. How does this relate to what Gaiman is talking about? How does the drawing of manga violate a child's privacy? There are no children involved, unless they're reading the manga, and the pictures aren't going to leap off the page and violate the child's physical privacy. A pity if you have your great idea if you're nowhere near your sabbatical. Momentum lost. Growing a thick skin and dealing with a curt reply allows information to flow faster. All Linus is doing here is setting the bar. Doing it in flowery everyone-wins language is more time-consuming and the longer you communicate on the web, the more you realise that frequently it's just not worth the time drain. The attitude Linus is commenting on is something he's known for railing against for a very long time. If you're trying to make a world-class product, you can't afford the time to wrap all comms with your developers in niceties - you need to define where you stand and what's expected in solid terms. Also: given his thorough explanations that go along with the chiding, I'd much rather be on a forum that has that kind of poster. Perhaps not British though? A friend of mine (Australian) works in a company with offices in the UK and US selling education/health website software. In Aus and the US, business works as expected, you go in, make your case, get an answer yes/no and you're golden. In the UK they were finding that a great many places would agree to buy and then default at the next step. They eventually learned to do the initial sell in a much more sideways manner as when confronted with 'do you want this or not?', British clients tended to just say yes to get them out of the office - even if they had zero intention of taking the product. Caused a lot of confusion until that was identified. Not really. Linus's comment was direct and to the point: your attitude does not make sense and I don't like it. And here's why my way is better:... Your comment was a passive-aggressive declation of stupidity in the other party. The two are not the same. he has passed up a valuable coaching opportunity ??? In the comment I read, he goes into detail about why it's wrong. His next comment that starts "Bullshit." goes into 500 words of coaching. He is backing up his arguments with developer-level people here, not newbie coders who are still figuring out how an array works. Control-click. Needing two hands to get a context menu is the kind of thing that makes me question the 'minimalism' of OSX. Same as needing two keys(/hands) to do 'delete to the right' At the end of the day, which comments are getting the attention? The ones with content. In the sample quotes in the article, Linux is attacking ideas and attitudes, not people. I'm thinking more about the macbook pros that I see lots of people with. Another pet peeve with apple laptops is that the physical click is only at the bottom of the trackpad - why not the top? I have large hands and it's really not anywhere near the resting place for my fingers, especially if I'm typing. So... when I help someone out and need to right click, it's not an annoyance to either alter their settings or have to use two hands? The 'single button interface' demand is silly - all it does is force people to use modifier keys to get the functionality they need. How this is different to just enabling right-click I'll never know. Ah, so it's not okay to act like Linus did, but it is okay to throw out Asperger's like it's an insult? Your morals around civility are curiously labile. For the record, Linus's behaviour is not typical of Asperger's Syndrome. That's just it. He's not being particularly hostile. He's being blunt. Go back and look at the thread. Linus isn't wading in with abuse. He's a solid part of the discussion from the start (I stopped counting his responses when I got to 7 in the first 50) and at least for those first 50 he's polite as everyone seems to demand him being. Explaining both his point about the function and about the user-doesn't-care view, repeatedly, politely - just as all the naysayers in this thread are demanding of him. Heaven forfend Linus actually show frustration at having to repeat himself again and again, like an ordinary human would! Molehill, meet mountain. My apologies. I once responded to a "hi how are you" with a one-sentence reply of how I actually was rather than the usual "I'm good". It took the guy by surprise to the extent he stopped with a quizzical look and said "you were ready for that, weren't you?". It's possible to greet someone warmly without an empty question being involved. The addresses aren't particularly human-memorable though. But yes, I agree on everything else. Another source for the pain of NAT is that it screws you if the server is limiting per-IP transactions. There's a supercheap ISP where I am that has a (cough) transparent proxy that isn't quite transparent - people on this ISP bitch constantly at being told by site X that "your IP address has reached it's allocation" when they've never visited that site before. And what about whitehat countermeasures? Finding the source IP address is so much more useful than "it came from this giant ISP... somewhere". ISP-level NATting has nothing but disaster stamped all over it. "In theory, there's no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is." I've lost count of the number of times a theorist has told me that result -foo- shouldn't be possible during application :) After you've read it - what have you really learned? I've not come across the "Theorists Favor Sophistication, Experimentalists Favor Simplicity" idiom before, and thinking about those people in my life that exhibit one or the other, I see that there's a kernel of truth there. Though the article is intended to be humourous, I've added a little bit to my understanding of the human condition by reading it. And I got a smile or two while doing so. You have a point, but it's not all as one sided as you say. If you never grubby your hands in the practical, you won't have practical limitations and insights to help you on your way. I remember a long time ago I was watching an online forum on riddles. One of the 'riddles' was how many cigarettes (read as: finite regular cylinders) can you arrange such that each one is touching each other one. I watched the thread go for three days as various theorists claim a maximum number according to mathematical theorem A or B or C. It started out with a max number of 3 and took three days of impassioned debate to work up to 6, with theories floating in and out of favour - and each one claiming to be 'the absolute ceiling limit'. I then took a matchbox down the pub and asked the same task of my drunk friends (telling them to ignore the bulbous heads/square cross-section). Within five minutes, all of them, even the utterly non-scientific ones, had found a solution for six. Most of them found it within 1-2 minutes. Drunk, untrained, undiscplined folks that actually physically played with the items beat out impassioned, educated enthusiasts. It highlighted the issue for me that theory is all well and good, but it's not useful in a vacuum. Theory and practice need each other to be efficient. Similarly I went back to visit my old university. I saw a guy there 12 years into his PhD... and still clueless about the practicalities of what he was recording. He'd spent his whole career in the theory of it and had no idea of the realities of recording his subject, something that 3-6 months in industry would have given him in spades. So no, it's not as clear cut as 'theory done cleanly in practice would win', as the real world is grubbier and has more edge cases. Theory and practice need each other for efficiency. Thinking of it another way - you don't need to test your backups... in theory... :) Incidentally, on the cigarette question, I've seen a solution for 7, but I don't know of any higher. The guy who showed the solution for 7 was also the first one to say 'this is a solution, but there may be a higher ceiling out there'. I don't care about those two either. But when administrating my office computers internally and externally, I find it helpful. Likewise when I'm working on a device that is underpowered to the point where it has to use IP addresses because it can't handle DNS, I need IP addresses. When I want to use my friend's servers for network testing, I prefer to use IP addresses rather than names. Names introduce an extra layer of complexity that makes troubleshooting more difficult at times. The world exists beyond facebook and google. You may not care about that, but I do. Absolutely - which is why I say they need each other. They need to be merged intelligently, and purists of either camp should be taken with a grain of salt. Thanks for the links! it's just asymmetric math :) It sounds more like the role was for a senior admin or architect rather than a line admin. I wouldn't beat yourself up too much about it... unless you thought you were a senior admin. Those guys do have to know and understand the nooks and crannies as well as the general processes. Forgot to mention that you also need a patient spouse. Clearly we have to outlaw chisels! (edit: to be clear: j/k - I think most of the arguments about 'information is meant/wants to be free' are pretty funny. I'm yet to have one proponent share their bank details and password with me :) This is something that's so often overlooked. If you want a stable desktop for production use, use an LTS version of ubuntu. If you want 'close to the edge', get the last version or two, they come with 18 months support. If you want to fool around on the edge, well, that's where they do crazy stuff like this. Early adopters are beta testers, always have been, always will be. backports? - Stigma (as already covered), especially if you're under 30. I knew a guy that was mostly bald by 20 - it was hell for him. - 'bald is sexy' only applies to shaved bald, not pattern baldness. Shaved bald is a very high-maintenance haircut - lack of options in how you can style your hair - warmth - scalp protection from injury - sunburn - some helmets and other headgear are not really designed for baldness (some also leave unattractive marks) - sweat control - self-identity (rockabilly fans like quiffs...) I'm tall (198cm / 6'6") and the world is not built for me. I do more damage to myself now that I'm balding than when I had hair when I hit a low doorway. I now reflexify duck a bit any time I pass through a door, even if it's 250cm high... Welcome to the wonderful world of statistics. You have identified 'outliers'. You're aware of what outliers are, but not about how they're not representative of the norm? Not to mention that those two guys are only considered sexy because they have strong charisma to begin with and have a solid body of work behind them. They are sexy in spite of being bald, not because of it. Any celebrity is an outlier. Looking at one subset of that That you recognise celebrities - subset or otherwise - as an outlier means that you shouldn't be using them to describe normal behaviour, full stop. I don't really care that you apparently choose the latter. I'm choosing not to define the world by visible outliers, and instead try and look at how the world is . I may be wrong in my conclusions, but at least I'm not starting from a known faulty premise. Anyway, what I said stands - shaved bald is sexy, not pattern baldness. The celebrities you pointed out are men who shave their heads or crop them very close. They don't keep their hair at more normal lengths or shoulder length plus. Skimming the comments, it seems a lot of people are missing a significant point - the employee is in customer service . Customer service is a dead-end job. It doesn't take long to get on top of your game, and there's really nowhere to go. Managers and marketers get new products and changing business conditions to keep them interested, developers get new tech to explore and tech debt to resolve. Customer service... is easy to master and once done there's no new fields to conquer. It's ultimately boring. Fine if you want a job to show up to and just do, but if you want to be interested in developing/advancing skills, it's not going to happen in customer service. I actually find it a little insulting that the tone of the article is a little "well, the developers can handle 'not advancing', why can't the customer support person?". The professional development tree for customer support looks like a stump. There is still only so far you can go as customer support. I wear that hat in my current company (along with a few others, including planning) and no, there really isn't much depth you can get into with devs without becoming a dev. Most devs (not all) largely disregard customer support and feedback anyway, since support doesn't 'see the big picture' (a less charitable person would say 'because support works with existing products, and we've already covered that now-boring ground' - after all, how many laments do we hear of devs that have to work on 'maintenance' rather than new prod development :). The key point is that even if you're interacting directly with the devs, you're still not really being proactive or learning concrete skills. The job is still pretty much reactive. If you're driven or feel the need to develop, there really isn't much to strive for. You're not the one that gets to figure out code, or create marketing campaigns. There's not really any ongoing feeling of " I made this!". And if you move into design/planning, that's not really support anymore. I don't mean to rag on support - they are the ditch-diggers of the IT world - but if you're driven, then it's got nothing to offer you after a fairly short while. I fail to see how that will help keep a driven, ambitious person happy as a career frontline customer support staffer.