Just read their announcement. They picked hg for two reasons: 1. Google Code is built around HTTP, Git sucks at talking HTTP (it's an order of magnitude slower than hg). On the other hand, HTTP is hg's first-class protocol. So hg's integration was simpler here. 2. Windows still is a first-class platform for mercurial, still isn't for git, and windows users are an important part of Google Code's clientele. > I think the #1 reason is that like they mention git is a second class citizen on Windows. And the second reason is that git is downright slow over HTTP, and google code's built around using HTTP. > It's rare I see a class action suit with merit, and this is one of them. If it was just Apple advertising it, it wouldn't be as big a problem So only partial: the suit against AT&T makes sense (especially if they're advertising it…), again Apple not so much. > Networks would be falling over themselves to cater for iPhone users if there was a choice in the matter. Verizon and Sprint are in CDMA, not GSM… in the US, that leaves T-Mobile I think, which could run iPhones (unless a separate CDMA hardware is created). > My calculations say it'll take 2.7 years to read all that data if you go at 40MBps. 40MBps is very low, especially given the kind of files transferred over a sneakernets (it's basically the best-case for purely sequential transfers): even fairly slow drives (e.g. WD Caviar Green) are going to yield ~70MBps average transfer speeds (and velociraptors are going to be around 100MBps). And it's pretty trivial to parallelize disks over fast (e.g. 10gig or infiniband) connections. Furthermore, 3000 TB is quite "out there" with the current datasets: Google's transfers are still at a few hundred TB (and they do use sneakernets for that). Finally, modern sneakernets tend not to use raw drives: AWS Import/Export suggests full devices (maximum size is a 8U rack), Terascale Sneakernet boxes are a full PC with a bunch of drives and a Gig or 10Gig network card. > Density per dollar is going to be very important for the Van-based Data Packet. The dollar part actually isn't that important, given you can reuse your drives for later transfers (TeraScale's boxes zip around, AWS sends back your storage devices when the import is done) so unless you're hitting a density/dollar cliff, you're probably going to go all density with TB drives and such. FWIW, in 2002 Terascale was already packing its sneakernet boxes with 300GB drives (7/box) > The concept of "free memory" on a modern system also makes no sense. RAM that is not used is wasted. The problem is that the iPhone OS tends to have issues with releasing memory especially in high-pressure situations e.g. games. It's quite frequent that out of the ~60MB non-OS RAM of a 3G a game only gets to use 10~20MB, and lags (or even crashes for the most intense ones) because of that. The initial "solution" was to reboot the damn phone in order to kill the MobileMail and MobileSafari background processes. "Free memory" functions give users the ability to kill those without having to restart the phone, which far shorten the time it takes to "reclaim" all your ram and be in an ideal position to launch a demanding game. And apple's ripping on WiMo's task manager comes to bite the users's asses. > In the mean time all background apps are zapped which includes Mail, iPod, ... Yeah but if Mail (and Safari, of all apps) didn't stay running in the background the low mem issue wouldn't happen in the first place… > They removed ALL of them not just this one. They missed a bunch of them then. Memory Status is still up for instance. Given most mobile devices have built-in AAC codecs but not Vorbis (Android is the odd one out here, I think, probably Maemo as well) if Spotify starts expanding to mobile devices an AAC stream (maybe lower quality than the Vorbis ones) would make sense. I sent a mail to Spotify's support to ask, though they probably won't reply. > on the iPhone, you must avoid extreme memory pressure and ramp up your usage gradually enough to allow the OS to exit background applications. Definitely, but when you're playing a game which is all in all pretty nice apart from the memory issues (on a 2G or a 3G, he 3GS tends not to have problems there of course), if a simple RAM wipe allows you to spend a nice commute, you're not going to go whine to the dev and then spend an awful commute. I won't anyway. > I wouldn't be surprised if "Free Memory" functionality was a placebo in the vast number of cases It's not. The effect is noticeable in many cases. > Never you mind all those cached pages the OS just dropped. Since you're usually freeing memory to open a game, you don't really care for those dropped cached pages. You care for the game you're trying to play. They are. And it's pretty unlikely that anyone would code in Objective Managed C++. Worst thing that could happen would be a slight conflict in the brain of people coding simultaneously in Objective-C and in Managed C++. Yes, but in most languages there's a point at which you cannot "make it a function". So you have to write it again and again and again. Take for instance context management (Common Lisp's `unwind-protect`/python's `with`/C#'s `using`, it's also possible to express it using first-class functions which is the approach used by Smalltalk or Scheme or using your objects's lifecycles which is what C++'s RAII does). It's essential to ensure that resources you're using for a limited time (a lock, a file, a transaction, …) is cleanly released when you don't need it anymore, even if an error occurs during usage. In java, most of the time this is done with stacks of try/except/finally blocks which you're going to write again and again and again. How do you abstract it? You can't. Well you could use anonymous classes to emulate first-class functions in theory, but it has limitations of its own and it's not really supported by the wider Java community. And note that before Python introduced `with` or C# introduced `using`, they were pretty much in the same situation (theoretically, C# 3.0 could deprecate `using` since it has anonymous functions, Python on the other hand can't given its still crippled lambdas) > I have to admit Apple wasn't kidding about this being a snappier release So you recommend the switch? (I was going to grab a copy tomorrow anyway, but it's always nice to get actual experience by actual users) Wow really? That's pretty weird. It also needs the instantiation support at the VM/runtime level, which is separate from the services the OS itself provides. So blocks need to be supported at the compiler level, in the Objective-C runtime and in OS-wide processes (which would be Grand Central itself). It's nice they retrofit blocks into the lib though, I didn't think they were going to add them beyond GCD. > You'll need to re-install MacPorts (just download the DMG from their site) and XCode (from the CD) afterwards I was intending a complete reinstall anyway, so I'm cool with that. > One caveat -- as I've heard, CS3/CS4 has some problems. I've heard CS3 has issues as well, but given I don't use it… The reports that Cyberduck doesn't work correctly annoys me more. Yeah but transmit isn't free, and I don't use FTPs enough to pay for it (though I paid for flashfxp on windows a few years ago) > What does the comma right before place in its second usage signify? It "punches a hole" in the quote: the ` in `(setf ,place (* v v)) says "don't evaluate this, this is a litteral value/list", but then the comma indicates "actually evaluate just this expression right here within the definition context" so ,place will be replaced by the value of the place argument. It's kinda equivalent to #{} in Ruby strings. As others have pointed out, v should probably be unquoted as well. I don't know if you'll read this, but I'm pleased to report the Spotify team did indeed reply to my inquiry: > We aim to tell more about the streaming of Spotify mobile as soon as we can, please keep an eye on the blog for more information! No info, but a "stay tuned" reco. > And yet, still no example of a useful macro. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CLOS > I've been hitting refresh compulsively for the last few days, reloading the URL where it would be. Wow, I'm glad to learn I wasn't the only guy doing that. Check out his previous OSX reviews as well, they're glorious: http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2000/10/macos-x-beta.ar... http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2001/04/macos-x.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2001/10/macosx-10-1.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2002/09/macosx-10-2.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2003/11/macosx-10-3.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2005/04/macosx-10-4.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2007/10/mac-os-x-10-5.a... > The best solution I've seen is a Maybe Monad. More generally an option type. Maybe being a monad has other advantages (lifting for instance, though being a monad isn't actually required: C# 3.0 lifts operations into Nullable when you're e.g. adding two Nullable [aka int?] values) but is not a requirement for a "nullable" living in the types. > The problem is that unless your language has support baked in (a la Haskell) the syntax has way too much overhead. Not really. The problem is more around the way your generics work: Putting Nothing in a Maybe Int is nice, putting a new Nothing () in a Maybe isn't as much. And if anything, I think having overhead in pushing null values in the system is a good thing: it avoids people running to it right off the bat, and may make them pause and think about better solutions (a command-type pattern, a Null/SpecialCase object, …) > Is he really suggesting to replace all attempts to dereference null with no-ops? Weird. It is. Some languages work that way though, Objective-C for instance: `nil` is a "message sink", any message can be sent to `nil` without generating any error, it simply returns nil. > They do know lisp which has much better ways of dealing with nil. Lisp being mostly a class of dynamically-typed languages, their solution to the issue doesn't really apply to Java. For statically typed languages, the solution adopted by the ML family (as well as haskell) is far superior: encode the notion of "optional" values in an abstract type. It should. [obj1 doWithSideEffects] will be evaluated before [obj2 do] because Obj-C is eager, so the runtime doesn't know (or care) about obj2 when it considers the evaluation of the inner expression. To get the behavior you want, you need to use blocks (which incidentally were introduced in 10.6) and write something along the lines of: [obj2 do: ^{ [obj1 doWithSideEffects] }] In this case, if obj2 do: doesn't explicitly evaluate the block, obj1 doWithSideEffects won't be evaluated. > Is it because he used bit.ly? (I'm not being snarky, just curious) Might be. I hadn't seen his comment yet when I posted mine (was just scrolling down) and just wanted to point the previous reviews to huygen (I'd kinda missed they were on the last page and he'd already got the links through the article itself). then again, it's always been utterly trivial to do that in Erlang, just replace Results = lists:map(DoWork, data) by Results = pmap(DoWork, data) with `pmap` being implemented with 15 lines of Erlang. > The whole point of GCD is that it is a central entity that knows how much work the entire system is doing on each individual processor core, and can adjust the number of threads accordingly. No. That's a side effect and benefit. The whole point of GCD is that it's trivial to use, therefore making it easy to benefit from multicore machines. > Does your Erlang example take into account the overall work the entire OS is doing on each individual processor core, adjusting the number of threads as the amount of overall work changes — or does it just take the Erlang-program's own work into account? In the erlang view of the world, the erlang runtime is the OS. And within that context, Erlang takes in account the overall work of itself (in fact, it more precisely doesn't give a damn: it spawns a scheduler thread per logical core -- or more or less if you ask it to -- and then dynamically maps Erlang processes on these OS threads the way GCD dispatches queued tasks to its threadpool). > Your Erlang example, while I'm sure it's really great for you and other Erlangers, simply doesn't do what GCD does. That's very debatable, but thank goodness it wasn't my point in the first place. My point was simply to do what cubicle67's example demonstrates, namely (in his words) > And there you have it: a for loop replaced with a concurrency-enabled equivalent with one line of code. No preparation, no additional variables, no impossible decisions about the optimal number of threads, no extra work required to wait for all the independent tests to complete. (The dispatch_apply() call will not return until all the tasks it has dispatched have completed.) Stunning. That's very precisely what the Erlang example does. > but it's nice to see these ideas make it into the C foundation of a mass-market operating system in a manner that is both central and grand, even if the syntax isn't quite as tight. Absolutely. And I find the syntax pretty tight anyway. > So if I write a ruby program that needs rubygems I think Ryan's point is that most of the time your program doesn't require rubygems itself. You just happen to manage your libraries using gems, somebody else could do it an other way (and never need rubygems), but you're forcing that person to install gems regardless. Yeah but his analogy is wrong in that /bin/sh is usually a link (or a copy) of the user's shell. So the user can easily configure which shell is loaded and how using /bin/sh (though /usr/bin/env sh would probably be even better). What Ryan's gripping against here is that the people requiring rubygems usually don't care for rubygems itself. They just want to require a library which (on their machine) happens to be managed via rubygems. And this management is not the sole strategy. Somebody else could be using another utility, or even no utility at all if they handle their $LOAD_PATH manually (which Ryan apparently does). And in these cases, requiring rubygems breaks their platform: they might not want or care for rubygems. In any case, it's usually not needed so why require it? And that's Ryan's point: by requiring rubygems when it's not needed (which is most of the time) in your library, you're forcing people to use rubygems whether they like (or need) it or not. Furthremore, his analogy is also wrong because even with a /bin/sh shebang *it's trivial for me to overload it by calling `./mysupershell yourscript`. With `require rubygems` there's no such recourse (apart from `require` hackery or other such crap). So instead of separating the library and the environment you suggest that ugly hacks are more appropriate? Really? Analogy failures: * Configuring /bin/sh to point to my shell of choice is trivial (and common) * Overriding the shebang is even more trivial, if I don't like sh, I can call `./mysupershell foobar` Meanwhile, if I don't want gems on my machine and manage my $LOAD_PATH manually or through other means (which seems to be Ryan's case) but you decided that your library was going to require rubygems dammit, I have the choices between * Installing rubygems (and duplicating my $LOAD_PATH handling efforts) anyway because you decided I was to have rubygems on my machine whether or not I liked it * Adding an empty rubygems.rb to my $LOAD_PATH (yeah, kludge) * Hacking Kernel#require to ignore gems request (yeah, horrible hack) > If someone's writing a library or app.. it's up to THEM whether they want to require rubygems or not. But… why? Most of the time it's not like they actually need gems. They just happen to use gems as a $LOAD_PATH manager, so they're leaking their environment configuration into the library. How can anyone defend that? It's like hardcoding the paths of dynamic libraries, or respawning your shell scripts because damn it if any god damn user is going to run it with anything other than /bin/bash. It's completely insane. The latter, because it simplifies using alternate sh if you need to e.g. create separate execution environments, à la virtualenv in python. In fact that's a good example, though it's in python: if you use `#!/usr/bin/python` as your shebang your script will break under virtualenv, whereas if you use `#!/usr/bin/env python` it will work perfectly. Now /bin/sh is probably a POSIX requirement so it'll always be there and you can always override the shebang with an explicit shell call (or by temporarily rebinding /bin/sh though that one requires root access), but going through env doesn't cost you (as a programmer) more and it simplifies the job of the users (if they need to sandbox your script in some way) That's a good point, and in this case requiring rubygems does make sense, but I really doubt that's the most common use case. Stuff like this: http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/blob/2f2e45bedf67dedb8d1dc0... or that: http://github.com/mwunsch/weary/blob/cd7b35ccee66757c5efb0a0... is probably the kind of stuff Ryan rages against in his rant (though you'd have to ask him if that's that, and how he'd see you use case) > Oh come on. That's like saying "you should not make your MacOSX app require Finder just because some people just happen to use it as their file manager". Yeah it is. And indeed you shouldn't. > Just happen? It's the default, and overwhelmingly dominant, choice! It's freaking bundled in 1.9 core! So fucking what? (and as others have said, in 1.9 rubygems is required by default so that's a very good reason not to require it yourself ever ). > Rubygems is the official package manager and is used without any issue by 99.9% of Rubyists. And so the rest should just take it up the ass and live with completely insane and nonsensical decisions such as randomly requiring rubygems just because? > There is no reason for people to stop using it as the default choice. That is not what Ryan says. Ryan doesn't care how you handle your own $LOAD_PATH. If you want to use gems, knock yourself out, that's your own business not his. Ryan just asks that you don't force others to use rubygems without any justification. > You're nuts, did you know? Thanks for teaching me that I shouldn't use an alternate explorer to the finder. > Just because .. it's loading required libraries? No it's not. It's managing your $LOAD_PATH. You don't need gems to load libraries, unless those were installed by gems in the first place if we stretch the meaning of "load libraries" a lot. > The weird personal tastes of two people basically don't matter compared to the great benefits enjoyed by the rest of the community. What's the relation there? What's the "great benefits" to you adding "require 'rubygems'" like so many droppings to all your libraries? It's not like anyone is arguing against using Rubygems. If you like gems, go ahead and use it. All that's asked is that you don't force others to do so. > I guess you're just never going to update to 1.9 then? I fail to see the relevance. Ruby 1.9 isn't going to shoot me if I don't use gems to manage $LOAD_PATH. And as far as Ruby 1.9 is concerned, since it requires rubygems on its own there's no reason whatsoever for library writers to do it themselves. > You could have manually downloaded the files for all the libraries you need Yes, why not? > placed them in the directory Placed them in any directory on my $LOAD_PATH, yes indeed. > and required them directly Uh no, there's nothing to touch there. Library is on $LOAD_PATH, any require $the_library will find it perfectly normally. > See, who needs rubygems? Nobody. Rubygems is a very nice convenience, not a requirement for anything. > Where the hell is Ryan getting all these gem-using libraries anyway, if not from gems? Tarballs? Github? Rubyforge? His colleagues? The Internet? And as a side note: if the library was obtained from gems, then it was loaded from gems, which means by the time the library is reached rubygems has already been required and loaded. Where's the sense in requiring the tool which loaded you in the first place, exactly? Doesn't that seem a bit dumb to you? > And what is supposed to be wrong with it, anyway? And what's wrong with not wanting to use it, anyway? (and what's wrong with it is that they clutter the $LOAD_PATH. You don't care, Ryan apparently does) > Oh well, anyway .. who cares. You're a crank and so is he. Rubygems is here to stay and if you don't like it .. well again, who cares. You… completely missed the point. It's impressive. > He needs eventmachine. He requires rubygems and loads it. Tell me what he is doing wrong. He requires rubygems even though what he wants is eventmachine. What's the sense? > Tell me how he should do it differently. Don't require rubygems. Rubygems isn't used anywhere in the code, why require it? > And if that usage is wrong, then what is the point of even having Rubygems. Managing your own $LOAD_PATH on your own machine(s). That's the point of rubygems in the first place. > Not that it makes any sense arguing further, but for the record, I was not talking about libraries, I was talking about apps. An app is a library is an app. > Top level apps that need to require those libraries somehow. And Ruby has a built-in method for that. It's called `require`. So if an app, a library, a script or whatever needs another library, it requires it and is done. > I would have thought it was completely reasonable for top-level app authors to require rubygems No. Unless the toplevel app is never distributed out of controlled environments (where you do impose rubygems) or expands gems in some way and therefore needs to hook into it (e.g. a GUI gems manager à la synaptic for apt-get) there is no need for rubygems at the app level. The usage of rubygems (or the lack thereof) is part of the execution environment (the state of the machine the app is run on), not part of the application. Maybe for security reasons all libraries are deployed manually and $LOAD_PATH is handled likewise, maybe the guy uses bundler ( http://github.com/wycats/bundler/tree/master ) or rip ( http://hellorip.com/ ) and doesn't want or need rubygems, maybe the user goes through his OS's package manager of choice (be it yum, apt-get, ports, …) because he likes having all package handling across his machine in a single place and piece, or maybe the app's user does indeed use rubygems. But as the application/script/library author, that's none of your business. Requiring rubygems in your distributed code (unless you're in specific wrapper contexts or, once again, you're building on top of rubygems and expanding it in some way) means you're putting your nose where it doesn't belong: you're forcing environmental decisions on your users. If you want to package your lib/app as a gems, that's fine and way cool of you, but that doesn't imply requiring rubygems at runtime. Uh? Apart from the Panther and the Tiger, none of the OSX releases matches a WWII panzer name. The Leopard I was introduced in '65 (and the Leopard II in '79), the Jaguars are either tank destroyers (introduced in '78) or fast attack boats (introduced in '58), the Puma is a not-yet-released infantry-fighting vehicle, and I haven't found any german war machine named "cheetah". That's 2 out of 6… Puma's already been used (10.1), Lion is unlikely (there's a bit too much mystique behind it). They could probably expand their "big cat" selection to e.g. leopardus (Ocelot, Margay), the Serval, the Caracal, the Jaguarundi (a cousin of the cougar), … Of course, not everything is actually first-class in Python. There's a whole bunch of statements — simple (assert, pass, del, break, continue, import, raise, …) and compound (if, while, for, with, try) — which definitely don't qualify unrestricted first-class anonymous functions. Python already has first-class anonymous functions (`lambda`), but highly restricted ones. > How we'd override "pass" boggles my mind. An expression that does nothing. Putting `''` in a function is equivalent to `pass` in that it lets the parser do its stuff. `pass` could be a builtin defined as `None` and the behavior would be the same as today, without a keyword. > Same for break and continue I'm not saying I know how to replace everything (though I'd probably just remove break and continue, they're nice from time to time but not exactly essential), just that there's a lot of stuff which isn't first-class in Python. > if, while, and try are effectively atomic, but "for" loops can be redefined by defining an iterator, and with is specified entirely in terms of an interface that allows you to affect what it does too. I don't get what you're trying to say here. The restriction in Python is not on the first-classeness but on the anonymity. You're very cute, but I know what Python is and how it works thank you very much, I've been coding with and in it for years. Doesn't change anything: Python's statements are not first-class objects. And lisp's got nothing to do with that either. > You might still not like it after you understand it, but let us damn it for what it is, not for what it isn't. You… completely missed the point? first-class almost everything. I don't think "^" is a first-class element in Smalltalk (though I might be wrong) > "MP3" can mean a lot of things (to some people it just means "digital music"). Quality depends on the bitrate, on CBR vs VBR, on the encoder used, on the playback device, etc. Yeah but every time you need to transcode your music to the next format of the day, you're going to lose a bit of quality. And the losses multiply too, they don't just add from one lossy format to one another. If you store your music in a lossless format, you just have to come back to your lossless copy to create each lossily-generated copy, and you'll only ever have the losses of this transcoding. I'd hardly call a presentation putting up Mozart/Oz slides "mainstream articles" with "normal pseudo-code" > I know lots of great programmers real life. Not a single one of them knows Lisp. That's a good way to know they're not actually great programmer. Good maybe, but not great. Any great programmer will have at least a basic ability to read (if not use) lisps, because he'll have looked at a few dialects to know what it was about. > Hmm, one is an equal partnership, the other isn't. Is it really? Is SM play "an equal partnership" between master and slave? An internship's precisely the same. It's an agreed upon situation with an established "safe word" the "intern" can utter at any time to stop whatever is happening. > But even though people are using a Browser I think they will still complain that it is reporting something back to a server Not necessarily. The Office User Experience program has been very successful, and that's exactly what it does. Just open a little windows at the 3rd or 4th startup of the software ( not the first) telling the user you'd like to make his experience better blah blah blah and to that end you'd like to collect a bit o' anonymous and non-personally identifying data (you can add a "view more" where you say which bits o' data you collect precisely) and would they be ok with that. And give the user a way to enable/disable it post-facto if they change their mind. Let's compare his 17 reasons why a consumer wouldn't buy a desktop app to what happens with the iPhone: X. Start your web session on Google, like everyone does these days. X. Google your pain point. X. Click on the search result to the shareware site. 4. Read a little, realize they have software that solves your problem. X. Mentally evaluate whether the software works on your system. 6. Click on the download button. 7. Wait while it downloads. X. Close your browser. X. Try to find the file on your hard disk. X. Execute the installer. X. Click through six screens that no one in the history of man has ever read. X. Execute the program. X. Get dumped at the main screen. X. Play around, fall in love. X. Potentially weeks pass. X. Find your way back to the shareware site. Check out price. 17. Type in your credit card details. Hit Checkout. There. With an iPhone app, 1. Go to iTunes and search the app for that 2. Read a little, discover it's what you want 3. Click purchase 4. Enter AppStore password to confirm At this point, the app is bought. > My question: what are the exceptions to the "two consenting adults can do as they wish in privacy" rule? (active) voluntary euthanasia is one, though I think it's legal in a pair of US states (Oregon since '94 and Washington since 2008). So basically PHP keeps the slower and worst random generator as the default. Great minds in action. > Apparently the editors are TC have the weekend off. Since when does TC have editors? As long as the data remains yours and you're its handler, why would there be any intrinsic legal implication to wearing that kind of stuff? It'd be no different than carrying an always on camcorder. Though I think that box is ugly and impractical, I'll wait for artificial eyes or systems tapping the optic nerve. There's an open-source Reddit client out there, if yc provided some kind of API (you don't want to do page scraping on the iphone) it would probably be pretty easy to adapt it. Skip that useless "article" and go straight to the source: Python 3.0 whatsnew http://docs.python.org/3.1/whatsnew/3.0.html Python 3.1 whatsnew http://docs.python.org/3.1/whatsnew/3.1.html They're clearer, more readable, more complete and linkable. No reason to use TFA. > It was also possible in recent Python versions Not that recent, the switch has been there since 2.2 alpha 2, released 8 years ago (August 22, 2001): __all__ = ['all_feature_names', 'nested_scopes', 'generators', 'divisi... absolute_import = _Feature((2, 5, 0, 'alpha', 1), (2, 7, 0, 'alpha', 0... all_feature_names = ['nested_scopes', 'generators', 'division', 'absol... division = _Feature((2, 2, 0, 'alpha', 2), (3, 0, 0, 'alpha', 0), 8192... generators = _Feature((2, 2, 0, 'alpha', 1), (2, 3, 0, 'final', 0), 0) nested_scopes = _Feature((2, 1, 0, 'beta', 1), (2, 2, 0, 'alpha', 0), ... print_function = _Feature((2, 6, 0, 'alpha', 2), (3, 0, 0, 'alpha', 0)... unicode_literals = _Feature((2, 6, 0, 'alpha', 2), (3, 0, 0, 'alpha', ... with_statement = _Feature((2, 5, 0, 'alpha', 1), (2, 6, 0, 'alpha', 0)... > I never knew this but it will definitely come in handy. It's also pretty dangerous if you don't have a very good test coverage (and good tests), because it hides potential bugs. And it can break code which relies on the default behavior of `nil` (or other built-in objects). That's one of the biggest issues I have with monkey patching of builtin classes in Ruby or Smalltalk: it's not scoped/namespaced. edit: by comparison, Haskell's operators redefinition is scoped, so though you can redefine `+` as `-`: Prelude> let (+) = (-) in print (3+5) -2 this redefinition will only span your module and won't affect third-party library (unless you export the change and they import it for course). Why not stick to EAFP and go with something along the lines of: begin entry.at('description').index_text rescue NoMethodError; end ? That's a potential solution in any language (you don't even have to extend a none/nil/whatever object), but it doesn't help interact with standard or third-party libraries which return `nil` already. > Open up your MacPorts config file located at /opt/local/etc/macports/macports.conf. Around line 59, find the section that has the build_arch and set it to x86_64. You don't need to. Here's the default value: # CPU architecture to compile for. Defaults to i386 or ppc on Mac OS X 10.5 # and earlier, depending on the CPU type detected at runtime. On Mac OS X 10.6 # the default is x86_64 if the CPU supports it, i386 otherwise. #build_arch i386 Note the comment: if your CPU supports it, the default build_arch will be x86_64 anyway. > it seems likely that pretty much any strongly typed language could do something like this No. Or more precisely, in a dynamically typed language (which may or may not be strongly typed) there's no point in doing so, it won't buy you anything expressivity or correctness over nullable references. Pretty much any statically typed language would benefit from making names/references non-nullable by default and moving nullability into the type system yes. > it's allowing the nulls to exist in the first place that is actually the hack How is it a hack? It's trivial to implement, but there's nothing hacky about it. > Type system hack, not code hack. It's not either. Types are simply implicitly defined as nullable, as they are in SQL. Including the customized carrier ipcc? Dons, could you please stop linking to scribd.com? It's slow, it's bloated and it's overall an unusable pain whatever the platform you're trying to run it on. He's also done it at least twice on Reddit in the past 3 days. Though you're right that my wording was pretty awful. I'd edit and rephrase, but apparently I can't edit. > Won't this create more urban sprawl? No, because train stations are usually in or very close to inner city centers (airports are noisy, generate loads of waste and need enormous amounts of space so you have to get them out and far). In fact if done correctly it would probably bring americans back to city centers, closer to the stations and better able to hop onto a train and ride to the next town, 200 miles and an hour away. > I'm also not convinced they won't have security screening for the high speed rail. I don't know of any european nation with anything even remotely close to airport security in train stations. In France, you can literally arrive a minute before departure and hop on your high-speed train (it's not recommended because the risk of missing your train is high, but it's possible). > Sitting in a train is not stress-free, for one thing. It's the closest I've ever known to stress-free transportation unless you include limousines. > here are all these people around you, who you can't just ignore completely Why can't you? You can't fart in public cause that's bad education, but take a book or a laptop, a PMP and a pair of earbuds and you're off. You can also sleep, many do here in the early trains. > It's like being at a party where you know no one, and parties are hard enough to deal with even if you know everyone at them. Uh no it's not, at a party you're supposed to talk to people and socialize. In a train you're supposed to do your own stuff and not bother other travelers. > if there were enough room for a decent-sized laptop between you and the seat in front There is. In France there are even the center/4 places tables with even more room. And that's 2nd class. > you'd still have to put everything away Put what away? Lift your laptop using one hand and get out. > whenever the people away from the aisle wanted out In France's TGV, there's one window seat and one aisle seat. Period. And if you use reservations and are early enough you can pick your seat. I pretty much always get window seat on the upper deck. > Also, when you're driving, there's always the possibility of stopping at something that interests you, or taking a different route. You're in a train to go from point A to point B, not to visit Manitoulin Island. And the different route complaint is nonsensical. > and while you might choose to put yourself in a traveling jail for 12 hours There is no planned US route even remotely reaching 12h. In a current-generation HST, 12h would be more than 2000 miles in a single trip. That's simply not part of the operational range. > I took a train when I moved from Alabama to the DC metro area last year Care = none. We're talking high-speed rail here, not 60 years old trainsets on shit lines. > and Amtrak, the train I took, is subsidized So are airports and highways. > The fully connected graph is a red herring. Until we properly invest in monorail technology Don't you mean maglev rather than monorail? Monorails aren't especially fast. And even with expensive maglev techs, NYC to LA by train will still be long and painful. I don't expect that kind of travels to be worth doing by train (rather than plane) until we manage transcontinental vacuum-pressurized maglev tunnels. > they had to except his "no." They didn't. They could have asked for explanations, justifications, clarifications. He might have given them or not, might have continued the conversation or not (as he notes he did with a student), but that doesn't mean they had to accept his "no" for an answer. > So use two and you get over twice as much light Over 15% more, 2x58 = 116 not >200. Or get a 22W CFL. The issue here is the false claims of equivalence between 60W incandescent and 11W CFL. Note that more of them have been merged to recent Pythons than just the top: the `dict` constructor can now take kwargs (and a first dict argument, which means you can create an extended copy of dict d with `dict(d, foo='bar', baz='buzz')`), there's a `collections.defaultdict` in 2.5, `namedtuple` in 2.6 is pretty similar to his Struct (though not exactly, `namedtuple` is a type builder, Norvig's `struct` is basically a dict with args instead of items). `every` and `some` can be emulated by composing `map` (or a listcomp) with the builtin `any` and `all` (which, for some reason, don't take an optional predicate) http://antoniocangiano.com/2009/09/13/benchmarking-tornado-v... 2000 concurrent requests > No they can't - this version wouldn't short circuit evaluation, which is completely the wrong behavior. Map would have to apply the predicate to every element of the list before any/all kicked in. Just use the lazy map itertools.imap (or Python 3, where `map` is lazy) or replace listcomps by gencomps, any & all take any iterable if you're worried about that. Stop creating problems where there is none. Rails is a Ruby framework, Django is a Python framework. Each one uses the strengths and idioms of its implementation language to be and become better. These ports don't make sense. Clojure is not Ruby, there will always be a disconnect between Clojure as a language and a framework ported from Ruby. OS agnostic would mean he'd accept to touch non-OSX unices as well. Damn… > Tornado is a web framework Not really. It's the combination of an asynchronous HTTP server and an optional web framework. And work is being done [to add WSGI support]( http://github.com/facebook/tornado/commit/8ca616088cfb26ff19... ) so other frameworks can be plugged into the server. At its core, Tornado is a server not a framework. > This article indicates that it may be preferable to the alternative... No. Python 3.0 was never expected to see widespread adoption, nor was it expected that libraries be ported to it. Ever . Python 3.1 is expected to have a better adoption rate, and library porting to start in earnest during its time and even more with Python 3.2 next year, especially with tools such as 3to2 appearing. Everything is going according to the plan, and this plan is the reason why 3.1 was released less than 7 months after 3.0 (3.2 will probably be released early next year, putting barely a year between 3.0 and 3.2). That's also why 2.7 is in the works (and was already planned before the 2.6/3.0 releases), and there might even be a 2.8 (though that's unlikely). edit: when you get down to it, those claiming Python 3 has failed are either morons or FUD-spreader, Fox-style. I'm not saying Python 3 has succeeded, but we won't know whether or not it has failed before the end of 2010 at the earliest. Right now, everything's going according to the plan. Please remember the planning for Python 3000 started for real during the 2003 State of the Python Union. Meanwhile the release of Python 3.0 was in december 2008. The first important step is the rewrite/refactoring/improvement of distutils, which is going on right now. > The best investment in terms of mindshare the twisted project could make at this point would be to simply sit down and write documentation. Making documentations (and contributions to it) a first-class contribution with its bugs & discussions & refactorings, and fun to write (the way the Django project handles it) would probably also go quite a way towards that. > Currently the barrier of entry is too high and I guess too few people are deep enough Thing is, through checking out Django I realized you don't really need to be "deep enough" to contribute to that stuff. The thousand-cut effects applies, and when you're trying to make heads or tails of the doc, you're bleeding from these thousand cuts so you know and understand the doc's pain points. If doc contribs are first-class, then right as you understand the issues and what the doc tries to say, you'll be steered towards opening a documentation bug (and maybe even contributing a patch) for that part. Maybe it's just doing to be a bit of wording, maybe it'll be a link or two to other relevant parts of the doc; maybe it'll be things you'll have figured through your sweat and tears, maybe something you'll have learned by asking a question on IRC. But even as a beginner, you'll have added a little stone and made the doc slightly better through your current understanding. And it's enough. I barely contributed to Django myself, but my first ever contrib was simply pointing out that the `now` tag's format character `n` produced an RFC 2822 date, not an RFC 822 one as written in the doc at the time. It was almost nothing, but it still very slightly improved the documentation for the next guy reading it, and it actually made me feel involved in the project. Even though I didn't have anywhere near the knowledge of the codebase to contribute to the code itself. edit: and re the thousand cuts effect, that's the great thing about making beginners contribute: "old timers" don't notice or remember these small issues (which pile up), because they fill in he blanks or missing parts through their knowledge. I love you Well I don't know if I love you but you sound like somebody I could love. I'm pretty sure the improvement he was talking about is "full" anonymous functions (w/ multiple statements & everything). > programs that took advantage of some of the added support in 2.6 couldn't run on 2.4 kernels. yeah but programs which ran on 2.4 kernels still run on 2.6 right? So the situation is totally different. > If you don't use operator[], then you don't pay for it The feature you pay for without using it is copy on write, not []. In fact it's very clear in the paragraph before the last chunk of code: > If you do use these functions, you risk paying for a write that you don't make > you are either doing site-effects (evil) Uh not necessarily, and even if you are there are many situations where it's interesting and useful. > or using variables inside your closure, so you might as well name it, too Does not follow. > One of the cardinal sins of fashion (at least for heterosexual men) is looking like you're trying too hard. Yes but that's a case of sprezzatura: to stay in fashion (or create trends), you'll need to work hard. But you must make it appear completely natural and done without trying. You just scroll half a screen down and you get a nice > README > > ack is a grep-like tool tailored to working with large trees of source code. Github is about code first and foremost. So it makes sense to have the code up front and center. Projects who want doc on github will fill in the wiki and link to that instead of the tree. Yes. > Esoteric languages are a lot of fun. No esoteric language was mentioned in TFA. > But they're not very productive Esoteric languages aren't "not very productive", they're the most counter-productive langages on the planet. Productivity runs counter to the point of an esoteric language. > Messing around with unstable languages is a lot of fun. It's educational too. But don't build your business around it. Python/Django and Ruby/Rails are only barely stable enough to work with. Thinking that using Haskell, Clean, IO or Lisp will be a net benefit to productivity is foolish. Wow. Cocaine is one hell of a drug. > Arguing with people by intentionally misinterpreting their statements just makes you look stupid and it lowers the tone of the whole discussion. Yes, because purposefully using terms which don't apply to the subject just to insult other people or degrade languages you don't like clearly doesn't. > some esoteric languages, like Haskell, the ML family, Erlang and so on have deep roots None of Haskell, ML or Erlang is an esoteric language. No. Esoteric languages are a fairly clear category of languages created to test the boundaries of language design. Esoteric languages are not created for real-world usage (or even for usage at all), examples of such languages are INTERCAL, Thue, Unlambda, Moo, Befunge or Java2K. They can be turing tarpits (languages with extremely low number of commands), funges (multi-dimensional programs), nondeterministic (from a given global state A and a current instruction f, the next state `f A` of the system can't be predicted)… There's nothing esoteric about a language such as Erlang created very specifically to solve industrial problems, or even about languages originally created for research (ML or Haskell), especially when they've now leaked into practical, real-world programming outside of academia. > I have no idea how it can be interpreted as an insult. http://esolangs.org/wiki/Esoteric_programming_language > It's meant as the opposite of mainstream; languages you won't find at IBM. Then what you're looking for is "non-mainstream". Or maybe "suit-incompatible". And FWIW IBM has a lot of Python stuff in their developerworks site and newsletter. And given Erlang comes from Ericsson, not exactly a small company, it's hardly "suit-incompatible". > Take Python: print used to be a keyword, now it becomes a function. I think it's too late for that kind of change, and it's only a minor blemish in the language anyway. You can't upgrade to Python 3 until every single library on your server has been updated. Stop using Python 3 as an example of "python instability" damn it, it's a change known to be incompatible, it's been in preparation for 5 years, it's not an evolution one's supposed to take lightly and it does not mean the end of the 2.x branch for at least a pair of years. Before that, here's the track record of Python backwards compatibility: you can run Python 1.6 (2000-09-05) code on Python 2.6. In fact that's exactly what ElementTree does. The only way for me to read backlogs is to just keep them open in tabs, at some point I get frustrated by having 50+ tabs open and just triage, read & discard. > At some point my browser will crash, and then will crash again before I’ve restored the previous session. I use Camino so it's happened to me once or twice. I used the history listing to find them again (camino lists both the first and last visits to a given URL, a bunch of URL grouped together with identical last access and first access widely different both from one another and the corresponding last access points to the URLs loaded the last time I launched the browser e.g. after a restart) It wasn't an article but a rant. That was even specified in the introduction: > What follows is a rant laced with profanity. No apologies. Drag and drop deserves no better. > The Palm Pre does this nicely already. Yeah but the Pre is based on the idea that your data lives everywhere but on your phone, so it's setup to handle multiple sources of everything and merging them correctly. The iPhone's software was built with the idea that you have one central identity server (either your mac or an exchange server), so it handle multiple "main" sources… not at all. > Perhaps I'm missing something, but the iPhone instructions ( http://www.google.com/mobile/products/sync.html#p=apple ) tell you to add an Exchange (ActiveSync) account in your iPhone settings, rather than modify your existing Gmail account. You aren't. The goal is to have push gmail, and Apple's gmail client doesn't handle push. So the choices are mobileme (which Google can't access), Yahoo Mail (same) or ActiveSync. Actually, TFA isn't about svn repositories but about using working copies for your production site, and leaving .svn world-readable. svn repositories tend to at least use some kind of HTTP auth (if not https or ssh), but a world-readable .svn means your whole project is available. . It's especially bad because svn puts a .svn in each directory. With e.g. mercurial or git, you can tuck the (visible) site in a subdirectory of the repo itself (project/pages), and the .hg/.git (project/.hg|project/.git) won't be accessible. Of course the best option is still to use exports and symlinks. It's not, but if you ever forget to set this config anywhere, you're hosed. The ideal way is to not take the risk in the first place. You can't forget something you don't have to do. > Using a working copy allows you to deploy your website faster and safer It's clearly faster, it clearly is not safer, as the article demonstrate: if you forget to configure Apache to ignore the repo folders, your source code becomes available to the world. > you can have hooks to do some cleanup and rollbacks are almost free Export to versioned directories, then use symlinks to link your core to the right version of the site, and you get rollbacks for free as well. The only thing a WC gets you is deployment speed. And as usual, PHP is at the top of the game: http://fr2.php.net/.svn/entries (note: interestingly, not all subdomains are open, the us* ones aren't, the uk* ones aren't either, and fr.php.net is also closed) Case in point to complement my previous post: http://fr.php.net/.svn/entries secure http://fr2.php.net/.svn/entries open > Any idea why the Mac crowd seems to shun binary packages? 4 different architectures (PPC/32b, PPC/64, Intel/32 and Intel/64) are probably hell on a binary-only package manager. Source-only is simpler and lighter on the architecture side, though it's much heavier on the client one. Fink does binary packages though, I think. > It's only since the last two or three releases of OS X that they included halfway decent versions of them. And even then, sadly the pretty decent versions don't get updated (OSX 10.6 comes with Python 2.6.1… 2.6.2 was released in April…), so you're essentially SOL between two versions of OSX. > It seems to me that for an approximately equivalent work effort, one can cover a handful of mobile platforms instead of just one. As pretty much everybody who tried it discovered (and PPK is currently documenting, see http://www.quirksmode.org/m/table.html and http://www.quirksmode.org/m/css.html ), while this is simple in theory it's extremely difficult in practice, because there's much more variance within the mobile space than within the desktop one (if you think 10 browsers -- including variants -- over 3 platforms is difficult, consider an order of magnitude more on as many low-power low-perf platforms). Even if you restraint yourself to fairly advanced phones (and don't have to deal with WML, cHTML or XHTML MP) anything beyond basic (unstyled) markup is risky. Thank science the space is currently coalescing into either Webkit or Opera browsers, but it's still a pain. > Like price, comment score is the best indicator of context, class, and quality. It can be when the site is new and only an overall smart population lives on it, but yc is (I guess) growing, and as it grows the quality of the voting (and therefore the score) decreases: insightful comments running against the general opinion get mercilessly downvoted, useless comments matching the general opinion rise. > In fairness to Adobe (and as somebody who has worked briefly for them) even moving things in, say, Photoshop, will result in a monumental outcry from many people who have used it for years and years. Kinda like what happened to Microsoft with Office 2007? MS still did it. And Office 2007 is better for it. It does, since version 7. MySQL also does under InnoDB or Falcon. Other DB with MVCC are BDB, Firebird, InterBase, SQL Server, Sybase, ZODB, CouchDB or ObjectStore. Except "relation managers" are irrelevant when actions blow goats. Sending a PR director to a guy whose family you just shot isn't going to help much. No it's not. JIL might be, but Java isn't anything for "the next X new programming language" except a curse those languages were created to flee from. FWIW, if you want simple (as far as concept & interface go anyway) check out darcs. It probably has the simplest, sanest and sexiest (CL) interface of all modern DVCS (Git, Mercurial, Bazaar, Darcs, …). Plus because of the concepts behind it, cherrypicking is Simply Trivial. Of course, the downside is that those concepts generate other issues. > Is the SPEED of any revision control system ever an issue? Yes, darcs used to have (and probably still has, though to a lesser level) an issue with merge times blowing up exponentially. Anyway stevejohnson took issue with the statement that Mercurial performed roughly on part with Git, you might want to take the issue up to him not davidw. > I actually use git (the branches are really nice for some things) FWIW Mercurial now has git-style branches (called bookmarks, hg's branches are different beasts) Greed is pretty much inherent to capitalistic systems, which reward greed and treat it as a virtue (along with profiteering and selfishness). Or better, buy a CD set. Are you sure they aren't E-IPS? (also, the 24" Cinema Display uses H-IPS — which is better than S-IPS and E-IPS — and is LED backlit) It's as wide as the old 30" Cinema Display, FWIW. > This is really uncalled for - we do like a certain standard of living, but it doesn't mean we're brainwashed consumption machines […] > > Yes, most of my friends have playstations, flat screen TVs, and leased cars. See? That's how brainwashing works: you don't realize it. That's the point. > Just off the top of my head, 25 days off a year (not including public holidays) is the norm in Britain I think the EU mandates 4 or 5 weeks (not sure which), in the US as far as I know there is no federal mandates. Also, paid sick days. > And it's just as easy to say that Europeans have been brainwashed to say things like all Americans are brainwashed to consume, consume, consume. Absolutely, and it's probably just as true. And IntelliJ has integrated the dependency matrix for… quite a long time. > Stupid question: are the Germans allowed to commemorate their dead as well? Who would have the authority to forbid it? Naturally, they don't do it on the 11th of November, they have [Volkstrauertag]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkstrauertag ) (the "national day of mourning") which takes place "two sundays before the first of Advent", which yields the Sunday nearest to the 16th of November (can be any time from the 13th to the 19th, this year it'll be on the 15th). The 11th is actually the starting date of the German Carnival. FWIW Germany has its own day for honoring its fallen. See my comment above, this year it's the 15th of November. > From what I read, Erlang is better at what Go tries to do. Limbo is probably better, Erlang is not a systems/low level language, its aim isn't to come (anywhere) close to C performances, while Go seems to have performances in mind. > Perhaps the author feels that only should be used to place "emphasis" on the text in question, and that it should also be used instead of as strong doesn't give as clear an impression of importance as . That's a pretty weird take on it, given is supposed to put a strong er em phasis than . What would be used instead of , nested s? > Also, if what you need to create is a table of data, then what else would you use beside table. To be fair, TFAA does specify that his rule is about for layout . And yeah, definitely doesn't belong to the list, TFAA's defense of that in the comment is . > I appreciate you clearly stating the relationship between and . No problem. It's pretty much lifted straight from the HTML4 spec: > EM: > Indicates emphasis. > STRONG: > Indicates stronger emphasis. There's a lot of fun stuff in that spec, I don't regret having read it (almost) completely once a long time ago. > but do you think there is an HTML processor out there that notes a subtle semantic difference between bold and strong? Screen reader might. And anyway, the subtle semantic difference between and is that has no semantic significance whatsoever . That's not very subtle. > HTML 4.01 Transitional DOCTYPE: Perfectly fine, use STRICT for l33t designz bonus points. For even more l33t bonus points, use the HTML5 doctype declaration. > Do you have a specific issue with XHTML? Most of it is a lie, and when it's not a lie everything breaks (many JS behaviors change quite a bit in XHTML-as-XML). Also, XML blows goats. > Personally I would say that it's so good that they should probably do away with any non-xml serializations of the DOM... Wow… > # Using jQuery to log out the elements sometimes shows an array like object (perfect) sometimes shows an object with a length (crap) The jQuery object is exactly that. An object. With a length. What do you want Firebug to do, build jQuery support in the extension? Yeah, right. And as to not having random extra plugins, I see at least 3 non-native firebug tabs in the first video... Not saying firebug is ideal or anything, but some of TFA's criticisms barely make any sense (and that comes from somebody mostly using Safari's dev tools these days) > The only thing missing is the ability to plug in extensions (like YSlow) but otherwise I never pull up Firefox anymore. On the fly edition of stuff is also nowhere as good as Firebug's (when it works at all). It would also require far bigger a developer base for Firebug, they're barely keeping up as is (in fact they really aren't if you'd believe TFA and most commenters) The cost of one refresh no, the cost of a dozen refresh and the associated context switches as you swap between your browser and your editor yes. Usually when you're editing stuff in Firebug it's because you're trying, nudging a pixel here, a shade of gray there, trying to get the "right" values to yield the effect you want. Having to go back to the editor is a pain, just as it was before in-browser debuggers, when you had to go back to the editor and add alert() traces all over it. Yeah, doesn't make you think it's a tablet for pedophiles. Did for me, though. The result is probably cached, but for a HEAD you more than likely won't have more than one or two requests for a tarball. Github was also first, I believe. I think many git-persons find there are other services better than Github (in some areas they're interested in if not all of them), but the brain/market share of Github makes it basically a requirement. This post reads like full-blown second-system effect. > Can you explain what this has to do with the iPhone hardware? Nothing, cabalamat is just hating. > This isn't a net neutrality issue. Of course it is. Packets should be packets, if you don't have the network to handle the packets, lower caps or raise prices, don't start making people pay based on the kind of packets they send or receive. It is precisely a NN issue. > " We need to start clamping down a little" issue (I imagine) "Clamping down a little" is not a problem, "clamping down on (VOIP|Gaming|long-lived downloads|P2P streams)" is > One way the major carriers can do this is by disallowing certain kinds of activities. > Is that still 'net neutrality'? If you disallow specific network activities, yes it's a network neutrality issue. > users are not allowed to download files more than 10MB in size I do not believe that is correct. The AppStore application is configured to not download applications over 20MB (up from 10MB since February) over 3G, and the iTunes application does the same thing for music or podcasts, but that's a setting at the application level. I don't think e.g. Safari refuses to download files more than 10 (or 20) MB, or that the connection cuts off with a corrupted file. > That isn't a case of "what" a person can download, but instead an issue of "how much" a person can download in a small period of time. No, because again you're disallowing specific activities (e.g. VOIP, P2P) not certain network behaviors (data streams of over 1MB for over 10mn for instance). Therefore your network management is about activities (traffic shaping) not resources (resources management) which makes it an NN issue. Because you're arbitrarily preventing the users of the network from performing specific activities even though the network itself can handle them. > This is under the presupposition that the price increase was ATT's doing, and they're not doing it because it's taking away from their profits; but instead they're fearing that VOIP will cause an even greater tax on their already strained network. I don't believe that for a second, but again if the issue is resources, then write policies in terms of resources, not activities. Yeah, but they are only because it's a pain to type them on the french AZERTY keyboard: it doesn't have an easy to find dead key for the acute accent. So either you type an accent-less character, or you waste 10mn looking for a way to have the accent in. As far as the Académie Française is concerned, diacritics are not optional. For technical reason though, the Académie clearly states diacritics are not optional. So it should be Étude indeed. Apparently, Transmission used to have issues (may still have them, don't know) and misbehave, leading to its banning from several trackers. In my experience, uTorrent/mac tends to have better performances than Transmission/mac. Still looks and feels pretty not nice (though it has much improved since the early days), so I'm staying with Transmission for now. Also, uTorrent is much lighter on disk (uTorrent.app 4MB, Transmission.app 22.3MB) and a bit lighter on memory (private/real/virtual 7.9/24.5/50.9 vs 14.4/25.9/61.1 unloaded in both cases) They probably didn't think of it initially, and then discovered the lack of referrer. > I was under the impression that the mechanics of each were nearly identical. They're actually very different: with Android you create what's basically a daemon server, no UI but does everything it want, while with OS4 you register against service (there are 7 service types to choose from) and the OS itself runs and manages it, calling your registered service hooks. Android gives far more control, at the cost of more (programmatic) complexity and more battery life risks (a badly implemented daemon/service will kill your battery life quick, whereas on the OS4 since the OS keeps full control of the execution it has a much better shot at managing battery/power issues, and it can more efficiently handle multiple applications registering for the same service). The part that is similar is the handling of non-multitasking-aware applications (regular applications in OS4, applications with no daemon in Android): they're simply frozen in RAM, and killed if memory pressure becomes an issue. Your quote is incomplete, the phrase before it is important: > If an app needs to continue functioning indefinitely while in the background Operative word here being indefinitely, in the paragraph above he describes task completion as well (an application can request up to 10mn [or something, might have changed] to finish handling a task) The Android way has less (if any) limitations (you register a service/daemon which behaves as an application server, it's headless but other than that does whatever it wants). Apple's solution is much more limited (you register tasks against the OS and the OS runs it, which limits what you can do to what the OS itself provides) but the tradeoff is that "debatable" programming has lower chances of eating your battery alive (and the OS can more efficiently handle some services e.g. if 5 different applications asked for GPS/movement notification, the OS can poll the chip once and it will then dispatch that one message to everybody, whereas with the Android solution you'd have 5 different services polling the location API) > One thing that annoys me most about Windows is that I have to use a mouse to manage windows. There are tiling window managers, but none of them can hold a candle to Xmonad. Even though Linux has fewer users, it has better software. It's not XMonad by a long shot, but Windows 7 has much improved shortcuts for moving windows around and doing some basic tiling (left half/right half of a screen, as well as fullscreen and "normal" with the Win-arrows combinations) Yes but that puts the onus of battery-care on the user of the phone. It's fine for geeks (nb: not a put down, I'm in that category myself) which are going to spend half their time between that and the task killer anyway, but that's not the demographic Apple targets, and that's not the kind of tradeoffs they'd find acceptable. Hence their selection of a different solution, which (they believe) gets you 90% of the way with 10% of the costs. Not bazaar as far as I know. Not builtin anyway, and doesn't seem to be in macport's bzr extensions set. In darcs, it's called `trackdown` and mandates usage of a test command, it cannot be used "interactively" (via $vcs bisect --good/$vcs bisect --bad the way git and mercurial can do it) Though, really, stash and rebase -i don't save lives (or even days, especially stash since git has the index). Reflog on the other hand, yes. > Safari would have these same warnings if it was distributed through the App Store. It's just that people expect their phone to come with a web browser. In fact, Safari can be blocked through the Parental Controls on the iPhone. It is entirely intentional. Likewise, parents can lock access to Safari via the parental controls. I utterly fail to see what's abnormal about it, let alone dumb. > There is none, and that's the way it should be, parental control should be done by... parents, not Steve Jobs. Parental control is done by parents, they're merely given tools. If parents don't want those tools, they can just opt not to use them. Did I miss something? Isn't your link the same as the original one? Because tours are not online? Yep, as far as I see they could have bought tickets. It's not like that kind of "feedback" is unexpected after what they pulled. > The established ethic of "cover people artificially warmly so they give you access" isn't necessarily something to be proud of. Uh no the ethical issue is that they broke the law themselves by buying stolen property. And they acted like dicks. Not sucking up is irrelevant and fine, buying stolen shit and flouting that fact isn't. > This is actually a pretty good comparison, and I can get behind his critique of the iPhone's mail app. Likewise. On the other hand, I find interesting that (I think) he compared the iPhone's mail application with Android's GMail application. I was under the impression that Android's own mail application (for everything other than GMail) was less than stellar, but that it would be a better comparison basis (general-purpose MUA) > The mail app will also get improvements like conversations I was under the impression that it would only provide threaded view (much like Mail.app's own), which is a far cry from GMail-type conversation views. A nice improvement for e.g. mailing lists, but not the same thing as GMail's convos. > This is compared with a iPhone 3G But it's comparing with a HTC Hero. While a year younger than the 3G, it's still not a "modern" android phone (not that your argument is completely wrong as it does seem, from the reviews I read on e.g. the N1 or the Incredible, that this impression of UI slowness/unresponsiveness is still there) > It is IMHO one of the main failings of Android - the UI is pokey in places where it will significantly and negatively affect adoption rates and user behavior. I think a bigger issue is the interface's customizability, leading to HTC shipping its own Sense UI rather than working on improving the "main" Android UI (by folding their improvements upstream) > Is it particularly difficult to determine which messages belong to the same conversation? Probably, the outbox might have a different structure than the inbox, and lack some kinds of IDs. > On the other hand, the iPhone Mail interface doesn't get any better if you use MobileMe. Absolutely (well I think you get push support, but that's about it), and I think this here is a core difference between Apple and Google: with Google, the Service (Gmail) is given a seat front and center (its own MUA) because it's what Google "sells", whereas with Apple the service (MobileMe) is really nothing more than a perk, it doesn't have any kind of primary status on the device, and it's not expected that it be the main service for users of the device. > What an unfair review. Compare like units. Uh that's what he did. If anything his comparison was still heavily android-tilted: he compared a 2 years old iPhone 3G with a year-old HTC Hero. > My Droid Uh yeah, so your idea of fairness is to compare a 2 years old iPhone 3G with a 7 month old Droid? > Reviewing Android on the ram/cpu starved Hero doesn't really give Android a chance to shine. Yes, because the 3G is well known not to be CPU and RAM starved (wait, it is, it has half the RAM and ~80% of the Hero's CPU) They're the same. Nice try, no sugar. > But on the Touch, when you scroll past a certain point nothing is rendered except a 'transparent area' style chequerboard. It's likely an issue of RAM starving, is your Touch a first or second generation? (they have a quarter of the Desire's RAM, even the third-gen has only half the RAM) Which says a lot considering it has twice the RAM and 66% more CPU power... (though it has nearly 4 times the surface) > In fact, the much touted speed improvements in froyo are hardly noticeable IMO. As a full-time Android dev, I wish they were. So Froyo improves speed in applications, but doesn't improve UI responsiveness much? Would make sense if most of these improvements come from the JIT: UI stuff (especially responsiveness issues) generally isn't about tight loops, so the JIT compiler wouldn't help much. > I recall reading an article linked from HK a few months back written by an Android OS developer who seemed to think it was a fairly solid crack at the problem. And if they missed a use case (always possible) but still decide against general-purpose background threads (à la android/webos) they can always add a service or two for what they missed. > What would you do differently? I'm guessing he'd just go with desktop-type multitasking, not considering the resources exhaustion issues inherent to a mobile platform. Yeah I get the same feeling, not about copying or anything but they don't really convince, they don't really have that kind of persuasion Jobs has. Apart from Ive, and even with Ive he's persuasive in "one to one", but his talk feels too intimate, it doesn't really work when you're not alone in front of your screen. But in any case, Ive does come off as believing every single word he says with all of his being, the same way Jobs does. And that is convincing. They don't mention the frequency at any point, only that it's an A4. Notice that they don't say anything about RAM either. Though it probably helped as well. There was a slide pointing out that it was based on existing technologies already. > front facing camera with open standards for video calling Which, FWIW, is something that's been available everywhere outside the US for at least 5 years. Not always used much (in Europe anyway), but it's been available for a very long time. > high def video camera and 5 megapixel still camera. The part I found most interesting there is the mention that the megapixel race is misguided again, and that they'd boosted not only the resolution but also the size of the sensor in order to keep them balanced, rather than go with 10MPx and a microscopic sensor. > One thing still to be answered: Is the open standard around video calling really open? open standard doesn't mean open source standard, fwiw. I agree, but still video chat has been pretty ubiquitous in europe and asia, I do believe it's used quite a bit in e.g. Japan, and I've seen deaf people use it in Europe in order to communicate remotely. > I can tether via USB or WiFi USB and Bluetooth tethering available on the iPhone > install apps from websites without using the Market True. > and use free turn-by-turn navigation all while while taking a phone call Always been available on the iPhone, you can do whatever you want while taking a call. With iOS 4, users will be able to do even more. > With Android I feel like I have freedom to do what I want Yeah especially when you don't know what you can do on an iPhone, I find that interesting. > Those were just some examples. My biggest point was the freedom of phone hardware and carrier. I'm happy to report my iphone is entirely free from carriers control. > Also, from everything I've read, AT&T has never supported tethering I'm not in the US and not on AT&T, so in my world I have tethering, Android handsets are 6+ months later and most countries can't even buy apps on the Android market, let alone make them. > Google Maps doesn't have Navigation on the iPhone. Erm... yeah? It's a google soft... > Wireless tethering via SmartPhone is a new feature for people so the demand is pretty low right now it's also something the iPhone has had since iPhoneOS 3.0 a year ago, via bluetooth... Because non-print versions kinda blow. Spanning a single article over 10 pages with a few dozen words per page just so you can get 10 times the ad impression is not acceptable. > Who deletes something without a warning/permission in this age? Without warning or permission? You asked it to upgrade your Safari installation, it upgraded from 4 to 5, what were you expecting exactly? > "Taking a call" is an example, an placeholder for X. Then it's a stupid example, because it's not a placeholder. It's a very specific action and one important for a phone. Important enough that it's always been possible to take a call while doing something else on an iphone. > If you were paying attention, exclusive features for own products is Apple tactics, not Googles. Yet Navigation is s a piece of software by google for google's platform. > Actually, there were people asking why Google bothers with Maps and Voice for iPhone (i.e. why it is helping iPhone at expense of Android). You seem unaware that Maps for iPhone is written entirely by Apple using Google's public APIs. As for voice, it's obviously because getting more people to use Voice plays to Google's advantage. > If you know the answer why, you already know why Google doesn't play platform favorites. because their platform (services) stand on top of other platforms. > I dont think the newspapers are the bad guy here. It's not about good or bad guys here, it's about a business model being deprecated by technology. And part of the web's technology is that the user agent decides of everything . Including not displaying ads if it doesn't want to. Or reformatting layout. Or even displaying nothing at all and only voicing the text. Welcome to the future, your business model is dead or dying, you might or might not survive but your model can not and will not. Unless you manage to stop the march of progress. > +1 for lighttpd. nginx is nice too but its configuration system is much more primitive by comparison. http://agentzh.org/misc/slides/nginx-conf-scripting/nginx-co... disagrees with your assessment of the nginx configuration system. > video chat that ONLY works with other iPhone 4 users... Built on open formats and which they clearly said they were going to submit as an open protocol. > Why would you not call it iChat and allow it to work with desktop-iChat? because it's apparently not an IM application, and Skype will have to take care of that part. > With Qik, any Android phone, or more important any phone period has the ability to communicate with other Qik users regardless of their phone. Uh not really, unless they've fixed the 20s lag (each way). And it's not like Qik can't update their iPhone client. You know, the one which already exists.