Why couldn't they have just ported the Winamp core and its playback plugins over to Mac? What the hell is this crap? The computer geek in me agrees with this guy, but the business major in me just laughed. Not because of his arguments -- they are sound, in my opinion -- but because of his attitude. I fail to see how this 'petulant child' attitude that we geeks like to adopt re: DRM does us any good. Yes, shit be expensive, yo. But taking an uncompromising attitude, especially when we are nothing more than a vocal minority... it's like we want the larger world to not take geeks seriously. And World of Goo for $20? Please. It's so easy to find games at a discount that buying software online at full price is borderline idiotic. WOG, like many games (esp. indie titles), is regularly discounted through the myriad different channels it is sold in. (Humble Indie Bundle is one.) All you need is patience. On another note: World of Goo is not worth $20? Really? There seems to be this growing attitude of petulant, childish snobbery among us geeks. "We're ADD, broke, impatient, and really, really lazy, and because we're your customers you do what we say or we pirate your shit." That's the vibe I got from Why I Pirate, and it's a vibe that smells like extortion. Giving the media companies a taste of their own medicine, perhaps? I can see the suits reading this little piece and instantly binning it. You catch more flies with honey, not vinegar. I really like YC's stance on Hollywood (re: funding more startups that attack hollywood directly)... we all agree that Big Content needs to die, and they're putting money down to help. Writing longwinded, rambling TL;DR diatribes (hint: the 20,000 character limit is there for a REASON) does not. Remember that we're nothing more than a vocal minority. Act as such. The non-geeks -- at least, the ones that can afford Netflix, Hulu, etc -- are satisfied. iTunes/Spotify/Grooveshark has most-to-all of the music they want, Hulu and Netflix cover the video stuff... there doesn't seem to be as much piracy coming from the mainstream crowd now that more convenient options are available. The same could be said with gamers, though they are a little more prone to piracy. What's with the author's Steam hatred? Do people still do that? (Soooo 2005, guys) What is there to hate about Steam when nearly every other media platform is worse? Steam is leaps and bounds better than the competition, AND it supports indie devs fairly, AND its got some pretty cool features, AND everyone still gets paid. Yes we geeks want unprotected super duper high quality downloads that we can transcode to 80,000,000 devices in a billion different formats. We want these things because we're nerds. Most people aren't nerds, and they don't care. Ours is a quixotic fight with unreasonable (at this time) demands, and totally undeserving of the relentless sense of entitlement we seem to feel towards it. We're forgetting that, in the end, this is all about entertainment. Not poverty, not starvation, not joblessness. Just entertainment -- diversions, mostly. There's a million ways to entertain oneself, and most of them don't involve Big Content. http://i39.tinypic.com/15n7sj6.jpg I did this for awhile and ran into an interesting (if fatal) edge case: I use a 1.5tb external drive formatted in exFAT to minimize cross-platform headaches, and whenever the drive is marked dirty (improper shutdown, eject, etc), OSX will run fsck_exfat on it before I can use it. fsck_exfat isn't a huge deal -- or wouldn't be, if it didn't have a nasty tendency to leak RAM... the moment you plug in, fsck_exfat's footprint climbs up and up and up... never stopping! Pretty soon it's eaten up 8gb out of my 8gb RAM and poor ol' lappy is unusable. I can say with authority what happens when you run out of physical RAM in OSX: it hard locks . Nothing works -- no keyboard, no mouse, nothing. So, if you plug in your large, dirty (you dirty drive you!) exFAT-formatted external drive, with dynamic_paging switched off, and let fsck_exfat do its thing, your laptop freezes! Leaving the drive dirty, only to be re-scan on boot-up... freezing the laptop, leaving the drive dirty, only to be re-scan on bootup... EDIT: this is with Snow Leopard... yeah but its the only real alternative for R/W support in OSX and Windows for large volumes. I've had corruption issues with NTFS and HFS+ drivers :-( yeah sometimes I'll boot into Windows just to clean the drives :-( And since when do people always do the right thing? I'm curious as to what's going to happen now, being that he's admitting to copyright infringement on page A1 of the New York Times.... So are we supposed to be designing all our databases to conform to third-normal form? I am not very adept at DB stuff but doesn't that increase the number of lookups needed to retrieve a row of useful data? Is the performance hit from that less painful than storing redundant (perhaps simply for caching) fields in one table? Cool, thanks :-) Why does everyone seem so obsessed over typed vs. untyped? Why are typed languages so undesirable to "hardcore" uses? Actually that was a typo... I can't go back and edit it now... I meant to say "desireable" :-) I really like Anonymous Pro, 11pt font, 0.9 linespacing on my 1440x900 mac. Looks good with light AA http://www.ms-studio.com/FontSales/anonymouspro.html edit: it sort of has serifs. kind of. well more than most sans fonts That's what they're called! Yeah, Courier is way too thick for my tastes. SEEKING WORK p/t - Amsterdam, NL - remote, freelance I am a (slightly older than most) student living in Amsterdam for the month. I'm currently sole developer on an unannounced startup, but with the semester ending I have some time for smaller side projects. I am a generalist with decent skills in a wide variety of activities, and have written production code in HTML/CSS/JS, Flash/AS, Perl, VBA/VB6 (ewwww), and C#, and have recently begun tinkering around with Wordpress. Much of my work is in small, private, one-off projects (custom reporting, dynamic banner ads, random hacks to clean up data mistakes by production servers, etc), but am not completely bereft of publicly-visible projects. tomcorelis.com tom!at%tomcorelis.com Sample work: the Dynamite Deals Firefox addon: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/dynamite-deal... Looking for short-term (days to a week or two) tasks. PS- I can do English-language copywriting, technical documentation, Photoshop, video editing, and a bunch of other things too! We're making mountains out of molehills. Don't build your shit on a platform you could reasonably expect to be taken away from you. Company management often sees piracy (and sex) as a plague that can erode customer and investor support in their business. * * * Once upon a time there were three little pigs. One pig built a house of straw while the second pig built his house with sticks. They built their houses very quickly and then sang and danced all day because they were lazy. The third little pig worked hard all day and built his house with bricks. A big bad wolf saw the two little pigs while they danced and played and thought, “What juicy tender meals they will make!” He chased the two pigs and they ran and hid in their houses. The big bad wolf went to the first house and huffed and puffed and blew the house down in minutes. The frightened little pig ran to the second pig’s house that was made of sticks. The big bad wolf now came to this house and huffed and puffed and blew the house down in hardly any time. Now, the two little pigs were terrified and ran to the third pig’s house that was made of bricks. The big bad wolf tried to huff and puff and blow the house down, but he could not. He kept trying for hours but the house was very strong and the little pigs were safe inside. He tried to enter through the chimney but the third little pig boiled a big pot of water and kept it below the chimney. The wolf fell into it and died. The two little pigs now felt sorry for having been so lazy. They too built their houses with bricks and lived happily ever after. How many creepers are going to start collecting these cards? You know, like a creeper leaderboard... Dear everybody, please stop trying to kill Craigslist. Just leave it alone. Craigslist is fine and good at what it does, and some of us don't want your fancy buzzword-friendly cloud app replacing it. Some of us just want listings. I wish the padmapper dude would grow up (dude's on a quest like Don Quijote) and I wish people would stop salivating over the possibility of Craigslist's corpse. Find something else. We'll see if this provision has any teeth when users repost their listings elsewhere. It seems added to make padmapper's life more difficult, and since the dude behind that site has been nothing but a whiny little biyotch, I'm all for it. That old adage is dead. "The customer is always right" is a prescription for terror I don't know, how about not building one's life on top of someone else's cloud ecosystem? I'll probably get downvoted for this but I am glad to see iCloud biting someone. Hopefully (unlikely) it bites more folks and then people realize that maybe they shouldn't put their life on a bunch of ephemeral, porous, closed-garden online services Or the Dutch? Or Brazil?! I've experienced this. I forget what it was but there was that one exploit that terminated some critical service makes Windows reboot after a 1- or 2-minute countdown. Frickin pain in the ass that was... This runs at like 4fps on my MBP running Firefox 15 :-( Am I the only one concerned about everyones' preoccupation with tools? This is what happens when you trust the cloud There is a general thread of sexism that permeates much of western life. It's endemic to all levels of American society. Addressing sexism in the hacker community seems fruitless to me when there is a much larger fountain of hate spewing forth over the general public. New souls will come into the hacker community and old souls will leave, and some of the new souls are going to be incorrigible sexists. Sexism must be fought at the society-level, where it originates, not in subcultures. That, and more boys need to grow up with sisters. If you want to kill sexism, make sure boys and girls respect each other at an early age... Maybe Apple's crisis is because its investors worship growth, foolishly expecting it to continue without end. You can only grow so much... Look at this completely disproportionate response over one lousy icon. As someone else mentioned, this is likely the result of a lazy graphic designer, not corporate malice. How many KDE users have pirated Sony content anyway, hmm? This is extortion When is it ever a good idea to calculate the cartesian product of every X with every other X, for each user? SEEKING WORK - Remote or onsite near San Diego, CA Experienced generalist concentrating on Ruby/Rails. Skilled with HTML, CSS, Javascript, Photohop, Flash, PHP, Linux, Apache, nginx, and a host of other buzzwords. Good at backend programming, data mining, modular design, metaprogramming, and dynamic code, but I can also do full frontend HTML/CSS/JS-or-jQuery, server admin, and most of the other tasks involved in a web venture. My business experience and training means I can understand and work well with the business just as good as I can work with fellow programmers. I am a business major who's studied computers and computer science since I was a toddler. Looking for part-time or full-time work in San Diego area, or for remote opportunities from most anywhere around the world. Things I have written or contributed to: http://www.github.com/lyjia http://www.epunchit.com http://www.dynamitedeals.com My rates are very reasonable. The contact-address-book-thing works both ways, I believe. If YOU let them access your contacts, or if anyone who's contact book you are in lets LinkedIn access their contacts, they will pop up on "People You May Know" Facebook was never an "experiment." It was a directory, then it was a platform, and now it's a machine to make money. Remember when the service is free... you aren't the customer, you're the product Right now a botched PS3 is about as functional as a brick, or maybe a glorified (and boring) screensaver. Why not call it one? Because the country is flat? How hard is it to guess? If it's publicly traded, then their obligation is to shareholders. That's the rule, and that's what Wall Street expects What is this? Why should one care? Its a mashup of ad banners because it looks like it's really the store's weekly circular? Hope the owner pays his bills now. Don't piss off the people who work for you... If I were a new web developer, I would be overwhelmed with all the buzzwords. That list should have stopped after JSON Yes, because every word out of a bigot's mouth is horrible, regardless of content or context.... [/sarcasm] Horrible people sometimes say good things... Good people sometimes say horrible things... Why does an African-American kid need to a successful African-American man as his role model?? Why can't he simply look up to a successful man? Racial segmentation is so stupid Then maybe we should be doing more to engender an attitude of calculated risk-taking. The dearth of leadership that fits whatever category you can come up with (race, education level, gender, whatever) can be overcome with tenacity and courage. Maybe we shouldn't be selling these kids on people who are like them. Maybe we shouldn't continue promoting a concept as poisonous as racial consciousness. Maybe teach these folks to disregard role models... A lot of engineers I've known, tend to speak in plain, objective, sometimes even offensive terms. Most of the women I've met seem to react negatively to this style of communication. Further, social groups often try to be exclusive to those like them; I see this even at the company I work at. Different = bad Then there's the whispered complaining, from the fellas in the room, that they have to censor themselves when a woman is present. Engineering culture has a lot of growing to do before it can be seen as a welcoming group, whether to women or any other descriptor of people This is ridiculous. You can't count modern clock speeds in 1991 dollars. Also, "massively underestimates the true pace of innovation?" Seriously? It's already too fast! People have such hard-ons for change and shiny things now that they don't even remember why they wanted it in the first place! I don't have anything to add other than I would like run a demo before drawing any technical opinions. However, given the management structure and general sales tone of the website (and its joke of a technical FAQ), it looks like DeepDB is totally gunning for enterprise sales. Is HN even the right venue for this? This sounds like PowerShell What, are each cities respective pools becoming too incestuous? First world problems... Ugh, more marketing drivel from obnoxious, clueless copywriters * Writing end tags and angle brackets are annoying (and lots of wasted characters) * HTML's ceremoniousness is burdensome (I hate XML declarations) * I've never liked the appearance of regular code inside an XML document... visually, HAML looks a lot more like "code", so template code is more visually pleasing (this is a matter of taste) So there are really people running around, voluntarily refusing to pirate until they can pay someone for it? What a weird, weird world we live in... Im an American currently visiting friends in Talca, Chile. (far away from the esrthquake) We are all sitting around and staring at the tv.... That said most of my friends here are pretty nonchalant. Chileans expect terramotos; they are used to them. The response I am witnessing is organized and no casualties thus far..... Terrible as these events are, it seems the victims were prepared. Good on them What kind of data is available for prior 1964? It'd be foolish to draw conclusions with only 50 years' data. Pre-industrial-revolution readings could be a useful control... I'd be nauseated if I found my picture plastered all over one of those flavor-of-the-month scrolly sites... Why all these funky methods for getting at your data? val = hash.them.public_keys.primary.bundle no? What do they mean by barrows? A pit in the ground? Many of the demo pages seem to have pretty dramatic spelling errors and typos. After spending weeks at work detangling a bunch of spaghetti CSS and Javascript found in a mobile-friendly bootstrap template we bought, seeing these (otherwise trivial) mistakes makes me wonder about the quality of product on offer. Yes. There's too many founders and too much navel-gazing. We're sick of seeing new "products" that only exist to satiate first-world, white-people problems. This idea that we need to create lots of little crappy projects and show them to the world -- take the various app stores, for example, and how we on HN tend to cheer any yokel with a my-first-mobile-game on "show HN". So now we have an app store flooded with crap. The tech space is a modern gold rush. Maybe blindly obsessing over innovation, as proxy for our neverending battle to increase shareholder value, is the wrong path. Nobody truly needs most of the stuff that comes out of SV, we just have armies of marketeers to create that demand where there previously was none. Umm... have other people been able to spot the vulnerability but been unable to answer due to the answers not making very much sense? Vuln hunting has its own vocab now :-( Taking the opportunity to plug a caching project/gem I like to use (and wrote) for this purpose: https://github.com/lyjia/sircachealot Nice little middleware layer between you and Redis that simplifies the semantics considerably. And automatic key expiration! And inside the US too... Wow. I don't hate how so many Windows applications are considerably uglier compared to Mac counterparts. In fact, I don't even care. There are more important concerns! Student pack? It's mostly trial offers bundled with a free text editor. This isn't a gift, its an advert Afraid of negativity much? Why do all these positive thinker optimist types insist on pushing their dogma on the rest of us? You happiness drones are nauseating. Grow up Also, might want to work on (simplify) your algo... I've found that reading everything I can, and then writing lots of random things, helped my writing the most That looks more tedious than using a tracker This doesn't have anything to do with that "Semantic web" idea thats been floating around forever is it? Why the hell did they take the name then? :( I've a pair of Sennheiser HD280's that knock out background noise passively better (their website says 32db attenuation... and I swear they are a sanctuary from sound) than a lot of active (as in powered) noise-cancelling headphones. They're also some of the most unbiased headphones I've heard at $100 (which may or may not suit your tastes) As a listener its difficult to tell fidelity better than 44/16. But if you like to remix or chop up or process recorded music for production, 96/24 or even 192/32 can make a huge difference in the quality of your edits. A distortion unit that modifies the waveform on a sample-by-sample basis now has twice the resolution to work with, and as a result its effect will sound considerably smoother and less harsh. These are the real hackers Why haven't they attempted to visualize the audio? Side-by-side FFT comparisons would show any differences pretty quickly Enough with the cute! We're developers, not a gaggle of teenage girls! package management: chocolatey, M$ is also developing something live cd functionality: bartPE, UBCD4WIN architecture support: x86, x64, itanium (limited), ARM (limited) command-line interfaces: powershell (sucks but still...), command.com kernel customization: not directly but there are special skus scaling to low powered hardware: Windows Embedded Edition licensing: linux still wins Does this affect sites that use CDNs for hosting their frameworks (as in jquery/etc)? I rather like the font rendering in Unity. Text and screen elements are tightly-spaced, small, and compact, just as good power-user software should be So it's a fancy trade school, without all the general ed that makes for well-rounded adults? ITT Technical Institute Consider? Here in Carlsbad, we're building one! http://carlsbaddesal.com/ Not everyone wants verification. I just want encryption whilst minimizing payment to the SSL cartel. Yukihiro Matsumoto Creator of Ruby "I am having fun learning Ruby at http://rubymonk.com . I like this type of lessons ;-)" Huh? This is the guy who wrote the language. Weirdest endorsement ever... Tried Ruby koans? What is with everyone trying to suppress negativity? :( Freakin happiness nazis These tactics are everywhere money is involved. These are used against me dozens of times a day, in advertisements, marketing, and just going about my business. I think that everyone has a duty to render themselves immune to these and other tactics. It's idealistic, for sure, but a lot of today's societal woes make sense in the context of people mindlessly acting out others' persuasions beyond the scope of their own rational self-interest. It's especially sickening just how many of these people see only the emotional content of the arguments presented to them and nothing else.... "But as a developer, you suck it up, modify your content, and continue." No, you're supposed to collectively bitch, moan, and whine, and if they still don't listen, you leave, taking as many people with you as possible. Yours is the wrong attitude. We can do so much better. Developers shouldn't gather around platforms that are constantly shifting... Set up samba? (thats how I work) What about NFS? Idunno, after running a MBP for almost five years, IMO Windows software is better. Most of it's not very pretty, but in terms of pound-for-pound productivity shortcuts and features-in-general, Windows designers/programmers seem to favor productivity over cheesy gimmicks (or, this contemptible trend of data sparsity) I woke up one day (after clicking update) to find my default search engine set to Yahoo and ads in my new tab page. You can mention it all you want in the release notes, but users don't expect nor want those kinds of things to change. The only thing more behind-the-back than that is Chrome yanking Java (well, NPAPI) with no warning in Update 42 Just want to note that Windows has a whole mess of dependency-management, much of it provided by the service that handles those MSI installer files. There are dozens of alternate texture packs floating around the web. They're quite popular! Doesn't work with my scroll wheel either Seconded. Shouldn't have to understand the "context", that should speak for itself So by immutable he means... systems you don't patch? That's it? Getting really tired of these slick vuln websites.... 'Through the ages'? More like 'through the recent past' Why must everything be a cloud service? Also, I doubt this could be used with private trackers (if one values their account, anyway) It feels like they barely tried. There's been ZERO ways to acquire this phone in the USA! Why is it so hard to sell an unlocked smartphone direct to consumers in the USA? "Forgot" is a little facetious, dontyathink? A lot of the questions are pretty terrible, it forces one to cram their opinions into 2/3/4 choices. The moral quandries with "this is wrong / this is right" are the worst While I think this is nice work, it's a shame it can't be plugged into a DAW. A nice toy but kinda useless for some of us There's already an addon for git that makes git very painless: git up https://github.com/aanand/git-up Pick another name! Did they ever release the source to that tool? I'd love to take it apart Because they're interesting. And this is a place of interesting things. And who is going to care about Earth's natural splendor when noone is around to appreciate it? Earth will drift on, as it always has and will. What would be the point, except for some flowery aspirations (by dead aspirants) of beauty and perfection? These people want humanity to die off over something that could never be more than principle? One man's principle no less? Give me a break! Beauty, perfection, extinction... all of these concepts are distinctly human in nature. But the cosmos (and our planet) are not, and we barely understand the rules (let alone the game) which they play. Our beautiful planet is a statistical footnote, special only in that the results of its RNG yielded an environment especially fortuitous for life. The cosmos is only matter interacting with other matter, at all levels and at all scales, forming systems upon systems upon systems, the interactions of which we perceive in this thing we call consciousness. (Separate from most worldviews, I think, is that this one can (theoretically, eventually) be expressed completely in models of physical interaction, which is something most of the world's creation stories cannot do.) Why not 'selecting a chicken leg' on the screen? Why does everything have to be an app these days? As a customer, I want these people to be licensed. I don't mind paying more to know that they will do a good job. There's a big problem of money-chasing hacks that spend minimal effort learning the skills they need so they can claim the profession. I don't want these people doing my hair or fixing my plumbing or doing my electricity. Sometimes I wish software engineering had an effective credentialing mechanism (that isn't university), because there's a lot of idiots in this field. Can anyone explain what's going on here? So how about a checkbox for each setting? I always liked the Winamp approach: ship a core system with a base set of plugins, and implement new functionality via new plugins. The base system almost never changes, and version updates are simply a new payload of plugins. Why do the best plugins need to be added back to base? Why not just keep them separate. Believe it or not Firefox was originally written in this fashion, but right around the time they added built-in spellcheck, new functionality started appearing as additions to the base system as opposed to browser extensions. Why? Firefox: the initial design principle desired a browser that was simple, fast, pluggable, compared to the old Mozilla browser which had features out the ass If Firefox wasn't bloated, then nearly all of the new value-added features since version 3 or so should have been added as included (and disable-able) plugins: spell check, Hello, the new tab implementation, etc etc This, along with all the other simplifications in tech lately, along with everyone's inexplicable obsession with tablets/phablets/phones, signals the end of the power user era Curious as to your advice against algo trading. Could you be more specific? It's not just Spain either... Chile uses 'vosotros' as a sort-of-weird version of 'tu' (with some dropped sounds) e.g. 'como estas?' becomes 'como estai?' and sounding like 'como etai?' Also: tire / tire shop: llanata / llanteria (mexico), neumatico / (tienda de) vulcanizacion (chile). Corn: maiz (mexico), choclo (chile). Car: coche (mexico), auto (chile). etc etc etc (I'm not latin, I just like traveling there, so dont take the above as gospel :) what about the Chevy NOVA? Are there any websites out there made with The Grid for us to peruse? I do too, but many of us hate the subscription model. To go from having a certain level of autonomy to feeling like little more than a peasant in JetBrain's little software fiefdom... That is the problem with these models. Perpetual licensing grants the user independence... subscription licensing holds your tools hostage unless you pay up. $25 for adobe here, $20 for jetbrains there, pretty soon $20 for windows, $20 for office, $20 here $20 there $20 everywhere... it adds up. Maybe all of these companies will stay in business... if the software was sufficiently popular. If not, then POOF It didn't used to be that way. It doesn't have to be this way. Some of us prefer to pay once. That said, JetBrain's previous model was pretty shitty too... if you wanted to sit out a couple months and wait for the next version before renewing your license, those fuckers would backdate your purchase so it began on the last day of your previous license. Jerks... What's to stop someone from reimplementing this with some other license? Disagreeing with the 'politeness' assessment of some of these words... type in 'Howdy' and the only "polite" words are "Welcome" and "Goodbye". More troubling to me is that this feels more like one person trying to impose their definition of "polite" onto others, and many of the suggestions seem result in speech that is weak, weasel-y, or lacking a feeling of weight. Actually the process is not so straightforward. They still tax you for years afterwards, for one thing. I've also heard that getting the US gov't to actually accept one's passport resignation can challenging, especially if they think you owe them money. Man this takes me back to the big bad Microsoft days. Classic FUD Wasn't pocket original an extension? It used to be when the company went out of business, their software still worked... Not good... The problem with the tablet analogy is nobody seems to know how to design complex, professional-level (like Photoshop, or Blender) applications in that paradigm. Tablet apps are overwhelmingly consumption-oriented, and those that aren't all seem to be oriented around popular (and populist) appeal. Why is everyone out for the blood of the desktop/windows paradigm? Why can't the simplified-tablet market and the desktop-power-user markets coexist? Windows and taskbars and start menus are wonderful and my favorite way of interacting with computers, why must it be taken away? On another note, it has become waaaay too easy to come up with a flashy website for a research product. Perhaps, but I think the answer lies more in backend tweaks than a UI/UX overhaul. File/folder tagging, for example, could integrate easily into existing UI paradigms without having to overhaul (or remove) the files/folders analogy. I agree that dealing with folders gets too complicated above a certain threshold, but to me that signals a need for additional (thoughtful) tooling. Pact... heh heh... I like the name :) As an everyday Rails user, most of these aren't really that surprising. Sure, one could cite 'defensive programming' or whatever, but a lot of these behaviors are warned against in the documentation. So... GUI work goes on its own thread, however that works out Too... Plain for my tastes. Not really feeling this whole "apps should look like websites" thing. And too much whitespace! There's the cultural aspect too... People tend to over-rely on email, and on communication in general... If people stopped work at a sane hour and limited messaging to times when it is actually necessary... 'X for Y' analogies are older than technology... good luck... I'm beginning to categorically distrust these "Made with Love" people. Obsessive, made-with-love types seem to be these hard-charging, work-at-all-hours nerds that need to get out more > without explaining any of them in a satisfactory manner. Welcome to finance... Financial feels so full of decoy material, designed to keep minds weak and preoccupied so the elites can do their thing without interference... The app itself is yet-another-email-client. Those original verbs in the screenshot are just pre-built macros. I don't consider "Inbox Zero" a worthy goal -- because the REAL goal should be reducing your total volume of email, by conducting one's work in a way that minimizes reliance and interactions with other people for day-to-day matters. IMHO the REAL solution to less email is smarter communications and personal empowerment: keep your meetings short and laser-focused, keep conversations focused and purposeful, make sure everyone is in sync before beginning, and don't hire/work with stupids. I shouldn't have to email Bob just to ask him to request deliverable X -- I should be empowered (and intelligent) enough to get X on my own, and if I don't know how then I should use my powers of observation and inference to figure that out. People over-rely on email, and on communication in general. The hardest part is recognizing the good material from the bad. In my experience its less about feeding for information from a single source, and more about separating useful market information from stories full of chaff. Advice can be tricky but IMO the best information are plain, boring whiteboard lectures explaining investment fundamentals. (This guy, who I've enjoyed a few of his tutorials, as one example: https://www.youtube.com/user/MoneyWeekVideos ) I avoid fruity, feel-good financial gurus because I see a lot of the same mannerisms and personality types as I encountered amongst the con artists in the 'financial seminar' and MLM scenes. Also, market commentaries from conservative brokerages are good for figuring out the macro picture Which is great, until it results a implicit-but-really-mandatory 10+ hour workday for everyone (namely, we post-obsessive geeks) I'm not sure I agree with his "dead money" assessment... if its parked in a bank it is still providing money to the bank, which can be doled out in loans. Just remember that by doing that, you're betting on the US economy's perpetual growth, as diluted by outside influences (like China...) If increased globalization stands to average global wealth (which it seems to be, except for the 1%) then I'm not sure growth is a good bet, over the long term. SPY, QQQ, etc only go up as the economy goes up... Why does the world need yet another social network? That's because the Win98 code is that much simpler. It has less to do with speed and more to do with complexity. Your phone is doing all sorts of weird shit behind your back as you poke about. Stuff that it's not supposed to be doing if app-makers were actually respectful of their users... On that note, why does that crap take so long on smartphones anyway? The mouse cursor doesnt work.... my system's real cursor is still onscreen and the emulator is doing a very poor job of tracking my movements, and its not intercepting clicks or anything like that either. None of the toy 'show HN' emulators that have popped up have a properly working mouse cursor.... That works. Chromium 47 here UI animations have a lot to do with it, but I'm more referring to UI jank over simple stuff like 'enumerating a list of sharing targets' or 'swiping to the next page of the launchboard' when the phone is otherwise idle. Or, my favorites: the multi-second pause from unlocking my phone during a phone/skype call, or the taking of an actual eternity just to answer said fucking Skype call, of which half the time the call has already hung up once my phone is finally responding... How bad is it that Windows 98, running in a ^%%^@#!ing emulator, in my browser no less, runs better than the latest versions of Android OR iOS? Oh, I wouldn't call this emu fast... but its still faster than a lot of smartphones I encounter I like the 90s UI :/ Better than all this modern crap This is a byproduct of the massive increase in tooling that we've seen over the past few years. Granted tooling has always advanced incredibly quickly but I do feel that somewhere in the 2014-2016 time period we hit an inflection point. Not to mention the steamapps folder is easily transferable (copy+paste) What's with this "it has to look identical everywhere" mentality? Do your margins really need to be precisely 10px on every single display? I've always thought one of those most beautiful things about a well-designed layout was how adapts to a variety of viewing scenarios, yet it seems the majority of conversation on the matter is about making sure things are absolutely identical . Your fonts and even colors could change. Webfonts are great and all til the idiot designer picks some "nice" ultra-thin that, while probably looked real sweet on his/her fancy Retina Cinema Display, looks like ass on mine. > even more important for me know that my application will look the same on every screen. That's my whole point. It's a superfluous concern. > While it is important to present a nice, clean interface, material design UIs with nice, large fonts and generous margins won't let me show what I need to show without making the user search through menus or scroll across a massive page. Why is 'material design' itself important? It's an arbitrary standard cast by Google, and in the opinion of many of us, it's ugly-as-hell. Same with large fonts and generous margins! This is cool! Both to use, and to study. Thank you! Funny thing is, most people don't know what they want, or they do but it's bad for them, or it's good for them but bad for many others. The set of people whose wants should be satisfied is much smaller than the set of people who want. You can write your own "templating library" in about 20 lines of regular boring ol' JS Who are all these people that need all these tools to write stuff in js? Go back to coder school! Is this what it means to look for a job in the startup scene in 2016? It seems overwhelmingly likely that you'll be dropped into some unholy, frankenstein-esque work of "art" While JS has a few pain points that should be addressed by tooling, I'd draw the line at React and jQuery and a bespoke, well-kept utility library I second this. Performant code is not so opaque as to be super hard, people simply need to know their shit. jquery spaghetti code can be quite readable if you're smart about layout... group things into sections, arrange everything sequentially where possible, etc etc I've had to do a fair amount of complex UI and, frankly, I don't see why people stress so much about it. I rarely end up with more than a screen's worth of event handling code (which is a small amount of pasta, really), and things flow around fairly intuitively if you've any experience building non-web UIs It feels like a lot of this language churn is purists reinventing the wheel. In previous comments I've ripped into specific aspects of this complaint, and an alarmingly large proportion of responses boil down to, "well, but I can't have feature XXXXXXXX or YYYYY with your stack! it's worthless!" XXXXXX is usually something like syntax highlighting, or intellisense, or some other triviality. Nobody EVER mentioned maintainability, or simplicity, or elegance, or any of these other, broader principles, without also providing a dissonant opinion. Well you know what? I can write clean, performant, raw javascript and jQuery and I am damn proud of it. I don't need your stupid, always-changing tech. It sucks; I'm 31, but the only people I can relate to here are the old men. GOML, you kids are cray-cray sigh :) Still waiting for that reality on the desktop side of things.... No, its a byproduct of programming-interview-via-GitHub-repo Hasn't anyone seen how kids obsess over Let's Play? I've talked to several kids who almost prefer watching Lets Play over playing any given game. That South Park episode was spot on. Developers should be alarmed! Never trust the cloud, it will always stab you in the back... eventually In some cases, my teenage (17) sister has told me she'd rather watch the Let's Play then play some titles, even if she has the time/opportunity to play them So the rest of the world group masturbates? Certainly haven't encountered any of that in my travels... Holding the bits gives you so many more options with regards to spontaneous changes in service quality. As a nearby comment alludes to, you don't have to deal with all the BS that comes with renting. It is saddening to think that people find this kind of impermanence acceptable; they even defend it! (Of cour$e they do) Edit: to be fair, it's nice to be in control of the bits, whether you use them internally or offer them as a service... but as a user it is frustrating to see what used to be a DIY world turn into this... sort-of stucco skyscrapers we call "the cloud" (And it is especially obnoxious to watch companies sell them the cloud, as if it were so unobtainable in the past... but of course there's money to be made in new markets, so onward!) Can Tomato do this? What publication is this affiliated with (or: who is paying for this)? "The Atavist" seems like a platform for self-published journalism? The writing style is weird; this looks more like someone's smash job. Why does www.atavist.com go to a sales page? And where's the nutgraf? Embrace, extend, extinguish... >1 points by tomc1985 10 days ago | parent | on: OneDrive reduces free tier from 15GB to 5GB >Never trust the cloud, it will always stab you in the back... eventually Posted this before, got downvoted... ...posting this again, and will probably get downvoted again... Seriously people, suck it up and run your own shit if it matters at all Hence the "suck it up" part. Find the time. From experience, some countries require a national ID number to get a SIM, even for the prepaid ones My big peeve was started time... nothing quite beats gedit or gvim or notepad.exe, though so far it seems a tie between ST3 and VSCode Atom was much faster, back in the day! They probably saw this hazard and determined early-on to cut the product. Most likely, all messaging up until now has been lies. It is amazing that so many are so desperate for shiny new tech that they're willing to put up with this kind of stuff. I used to consider myself an early-adopter, but its clear they're being played for fools... Thing Explainer was a nice experiment.... but that's exactly what it was. An experiment... not to be repeated. English has such a wonderfully rich vocabulary... and no cow is too sacred for the 'innovators' of tech. Everyone: prepare to talk like 6-year-olds! And country bumpkins despise townies... so everyone hates everyone! Let's just get that out there :) Agreed, moot point. All it would take are a few large companies to hoist its downloads through this platform and provide the initial seed pool... First candidate: Blizzard! Oh, you mean Google Stop-Downloading-Our-Precious-Image-Search-Results? No seal? The original hacker ethic was opposed to suits! http://www.hacker-dictionary.com/terms/suit Not worthy of HN? How? He wants to watch old movies, now. (Not in the future.) He used to be able to but now he can't. Tech "innovation" took that away from him. That is an opinion worthy of HN. On another note: personally, many don't want to deal with Netflix+Amazon+Hulu+whoever. This attitude that one should have faith in the streaming market is an affront and slap-in-the-face to collectors, people with shitty internet, critics, teachers, historians, archivists, remixers, and anyone else with an interest in private use or working with the bits. Sure, additional services can be provisioned to fill in those gaps... but those gaps never existed when data sharing was about files and not streaming services. This business model of the cloud looks more and more like windshield-repairmen walking around parking lots with baseball bats at 3 A.M. He also mentions being unable to access the DVD queue due to a variety of very modern-society tech mishaps. I counted two, perhaps 'variety' is being facetious. Still, it should be zero. This is relatable on a couple of aspects... First, that the advances of technology are outpacing the scenarios which they are used. As I have voiced elsewhere here, it is alarming to see billions and trillions of dollars flowing towards people who seem incapable of balancing, let-alone considering, the higher-order consequences of their actions, like, say, shutting-down the home-automation systems your customers bought as a consequence of being absorbed by a competitor. Or, denying random people things and services they used to have access to. More disturbingly, it seems that many do see these later effects, and they're sacrificing their customers' interests on the altar of the almighty dollar. Is this really what we want? Secondly, modern media consumption via streaming is simpler, yes, if you're a first-world citizen with money and typical interests. It does a disservice to people who do not fit this mold, and they are legion. The older, peer-to-peer model of file-sharing (and, in some cases, sneakernets) thrives and survives in this adverse environment, in addition to providing personal independence and privacy. Thirdly, the chain of variables in a streaming economy is so much longer than a world of plastic shiny discs. As an example, to watch a movie via a DVD you bought or rented, you need: * viewing device with electricity and a screen (one-time cost) * a DVD player, properly connected (one-time cost) * software on said device able to execute and play the disc (one-time cost and not even a consideration historically) * the disc, in a workable condition (edit: and a compatible region), and the funds or means to acquire it (one-time cost) * knowledge to operate the DVD player ... and thats it. Compare with Netflix, Hulu, et al: * viewing device with electricity, internet access, and a screen (one-time cost) * a working, high-bandwidth internet account that can reach your servers with an acceptable latency (recurring cost) * a current account with your service provider(s) of choice (1x+ recurring cost) * current software, able to execute, on said device (recurring cost due to updates) * a provider that is online and accessible * knowledge to operate the media player, but also possibly the web browser, on a phone, or tablet, or computer (one-time cost) * knowledge of current account credentials (sometimes difficult for some) The cost side of streaming media is so much higer, and entails significant recurring obligations. If you can't pay your streaming bill, much of this goes away. There are many more points of failure. This is simply unacceptable in many parts of the world. Good point. Thanks! I don't get it. What is the point of a breach like this? Agreed, it's still a multiple more expressive than the other languages I use daily Photoshop remains the only program I've ever had to take a class to truly figure out. While I love PS, I've also switched to the GIMP (for work stuff, anyway) as it covers most of my use cases. Many of the proponents of an 'old' interface, compared to some newer remake, are resisting the change in order to defend their prior investment. It can be done, you just need to know the variables to tweak and how. 10+ year FL vet here. Most other DAW's have caught up with their piano roll implementation but I still like FL's the most. I think what makes it unique is its toolset -- as in, the toolbar up top -- as its modal editing workflow lets you add, delete, and then transform notes incredibly quickly. Most of these modes have a shortcut to get to them, and its easy to flip between them. It even has a chord option, which functions much in the same way as that hook tool. Other DAWs take a modal approach but in many cases they complicate their implementation. It's also worth noting that FL is pattern-based, whereas most DAWs are not. ("Pattern-based" means you generally write music phrases/patterns and repeat them throughout the track, this is helpful for electronic dance music.) A repeating bassline pattern in FL is more akin to a series of symlinks back to the original file, whereas in Cubase and Logic, each of these repeats would be copies (unless you specify otherwise, but I found the implementation convoluted and troublesome.) Most of the other DAWs I've worked with are much more fiddly and require messing with technical details and audio routing to get a good result. FL also requires this, but again the implementation is seamless, has sensible defaults, and stays out of your way until you need to mess with it. (In the middle of a good flow I have very little patience for routing.) I do not find this to be the case with Live, Cubase, or especially Logic... I put in an effort to learn each of these at some point and ultimately left to return to FL. I've noticed DAWs tend to optimize around performances (Live), MIDI orchestration (Cubase, Logic), recording (ProTools, Reaper) or 'in-the-box' production (FL). All of the above have tools for composing by mouse but FL's workflow is optimized for this specific use-case. Ah yes, Reason! It's been a while :) As in, my Ruby code generally has the least amount of implementation cruft compared to other languages. It would seem that it fits closest to how I think. Hashtables, resource locking, regular expressions, string formatting, are all things I have to deal with a lot and I like dealing with them in Ruby more than any other language. Also, reflection in Ruby is superb. Honestly, unless the API is complex, why bother? I feel like abstracting APIs into objects (essentially RPC calls?) creates too much of a dependency on the network. The friction of writing the calls and their handlers helps minimize their use :) I love how people naively pass judgement on an aesthetic, as if everyone's tastes were like theirs. Besides, it doesn't matter if it sounds human or not, that's not the point. Old hardware introduces a lot of weird harmonics that often affect future stages in the signal chain in a big way. Predictably enough that one can make art with it -- and it's hard to emulate that in software. Ugh. Now we're gonna be hearing about chatbots for the next 5 years :( Also can we call these something else? Bot is too overloaded a term. "Chatbot" is more accurate. Surely the energy demands for such a simulation would be... astronomical. Maybe, but to an outsider who doesn't follow all the countless discussions, this just looks like yet-another-SaaS waving around its codpiece. And what a pricey codpiece it is? $50/mo for the solo plan? To make diagrams? Seriously? This kind of stuff is supposed to be desktop software. One shouldn't have to pay a monthly fee to make fucking diagrams Both? :)