Duh. What is a user supposed to think? If the cert can't be verified, the page should fail to load - the web site is broken. If company X can't figure out certificates, how is a user supposed to? If the API headers are copyrighted, wouldn't any program that uses them be a derivative work? In that light, every Java program is infringing. Every program on earth would be infringing something wouldn't it? I have to agree here. The default would be to dispose of his body in a traditional way. There could be arguments about burial or cremation or maybe some other tradition I don't know about, but no one thinks of thin-slicing the head as any kind of default in todays (or yesterdays) world. I find the question of how this got approved almost as interesting as the original story. I can only think of 3 ways to decide: 1) prior consent from a parent 2) just ask him even though his brain is not normal 3) politics. Debating the legitimacy of #2 is really just going with option #3. I was going to ask that same question but decided to read all the other comments first. That practice should be illegal IMHO. That is altering content. Creating derivative works? It'd clearly be anti-competetive if the replaced others ads with their own. I've been waiting for that and Built-in TV tuner for years. I don't think the carriers want that because you don't use their expensive data then. I'm on republic now, so I don't use carriers data anyway and TV would be great. Also as a special interest, allowing that FM tuner to go a little higher in frequency could pick up the aviation frequencies - every pilot would want one (that's not a huge market). It also looks like you need a different cartridge to measure each of those 5 things which would be terrible. Who nominated this former lobbyist for the FCC spot? And who voiced/voted their approval? Voters should know. The existence of the LGPL has always seemed liked a solution to what would otherwise be a grey area to me, and I thought FSF thought that too. Not sure they come down clearly on the one side. I know some of the Linux kernel people think that way too. Interesting. And a long history of not becoming wide spread. From TFA "Russell said he and his team had engineered the virus to make it more suitable for cancer therapy." I just assumed the term "suitable" really meant "profitable" but some of the comments indicate it was modified to target the cancer better (how so?). It seems the cost of trials and approvals is too high for a naturally occurring virus, so everyone wants to customize them so they become patentable. But we're talking about people who have been told "this disease is going to kill you." If a treatment causes even 5 percent of them to be cured, how is that not significant? What if 40 percent have tumors shrink? Remember, any reversal of the disease is a good thing. If you're just measuring a statistical increase in life span (say 3 years treated vs 1 year placebo), I'd say you're not really aiming high enough. If you've got something with real promise you'd know it without a control group. The person in this article is exactly such a case. He says "As housing prices rise, affordability gets worse when incomes fail to keep pace and interest rates move higher." which is just not accurate. Home prices vary inversely with interest rates. Increased rates would lower home prices. The problem is that would put people under water just like it did in 2008 when they jacked rates up (this triggered the crisis but was by no means all that was involved). Rates are at an all time low which has re-inflated the bubble to near peak levels. With crazy lending practices stopped, most people can't buy at these prices. Interest rates can not be raised at anything but a snails pace without causing another crash. The fed can't even stop buying treasuries or the increased yeild will blow the federal budget (an election is coming too) and kill the stock market. They're backed into a corner and trying to creep out ever so slowly. So what is the play today? The US is backed into a corner. Interest rates are near zero (Fed fund rate) and they're buying $75Billion in bonds a month to keep interest rates low. That was $85B and was supposed to taper, but as soon as they dropped a little bit mortgage rates rose and home sales dropped again - the housing market is at another peak with the low interest rates with nowhere to go but down. They keep hoping to get some inflation going by pushing on that rope and it's just not happening. All the money is going into stocks. If we do get significant inflation they'll have to raise rates and destroy the housing market (worse than last time). So we're on the brink. It's hard to short stocks when they're rising so fast - one who could time this thing could make Soros' gain look like lunch money. What is the play? I assumed we'd be comparing to the predicted outcome from no treatment, but I suppose if you wait until Hospice time there's not going to be much success with even the best virus compared to doing nothing. Which raises other questions about just how long and at what cost we try to delay the inevitable. So you claim to be a decent programmer, but haven't been working a traditional job in years because why? You claim to be smart but don't know the value of maintaining a basic financial safety net. It won't be hard to bail you out, but this should not be happening in the first place. Let it be a lesson to others. Or is this just a fake? I strapped a display to my face with full 6 DOF head tracking and played Dactly Nightmare in a bar circa 1994. My Fiance shot me. My head bounced down the stairs. Big screens up above allowed all the people gathered round to watch from either of our perspectives. Fuck off Apple you didn't invent any of this. Notice what how the list of claims starts: 1. (canceled) For the wordsmiths out there, you can visit Websters actual house at Greenfield Village in Dearborn Michigan, along with a number of other historic buildings. Note: I didn't say "home" because that's not where the house - nor any of these buildings - originally was. However, they are well preserved and all in one place. Mr Ford's idea of a history museum was rather unique. Usually the claims build upon previous claims. You start out with the general and move on to the specific, often citing previous claims with language like: 4) An unumthingamajig as in claim 1 with added... to... Deleting one of the early claims is likely to remove the foundation from some of the later ones. But sure, we mustn't judge based on what's no longer there. The noob never saw a person get married and change both their last name and email address. There is no such thing as a "natural key" that can never change, that's why auto-incrementing integers are used. Also, users should not rely on the keys being monotonic. That's a very nice detailed line-by-line confirmation that they were doing their job to the letter of the law. But you make no comment on the notion that the UK may have modified these devices to spy on the Guardian and needed to destroy the evidence. Of course that isn't your job, and because it would probably be illegal (IDK UK law about that) you couldn't prove it either way. Just sayin' wxPython is a big one for me. But it looks more like it's dying altogether rather than not getting ported to 3. "I personally think backwards compatibility and gradual change - evolution, not revolution - is the way to go." I'm gonna guess that you're not new to C++. I say new because people who have been following it and picking up all the changes along the way often can't see the forest for the trees. That forest is ugly. It's not you, that's how I read it. All I get from following the links in the comments is a blue button to turn ON some google feature. Have I avoided opting IN to something nasty thus far? I've heard of it, but there has never been an official release. I was looking forward to it for a couple years but I've given up. Shouldn't they take them to court first? At what point does "give me money or else..." become extortion? Does it matter if they phrase it "I'm going to... but you can prevent that by paying me now." Can they answer the question "Which architecture is most efficient?" Let us not forget the downsides of the artificial sweeteners, and the phosphoric acid in a lot of these drinks. Even worse, the link goes to some dude who copied the blog so he could get page views instead of the author. HN posts it with a link to his page, not hers. He doesn't even talk about it, just "hey this is cool I'm gonna repost it so I get hits." If the cabin is pressurized why would they need suits? Did SpaceX ever say anything about this? Imagine the operational cost savings of not needing them for anything but space walks outside the station. I think Elon looked extra uncomfortable inside the thing with the control panel in front of him. He seemed eager and relieved to get out. I got the impression he doesn't like confined spaces. It's amazing how little propellant is needed for landing vs getting to orbit. It's probably better to have a larger screen further away, particularly for older people who can't focus close up any more. That occurs some time in your 40's for you youngsters who may think "older" means quit a few more years than that. Actually, it doesn't belong anywhere. In the book "Women's Infidelity" the author makes a compelling argument that a lot of relationship issues today stem from the double standard society uses to shame womens sexuality. Promiscuous men are revered, while women are shamed. There's a LOT more to it and it's really interesting reading. Society is a changin' and this language needs to go, not just on tech sites. Cap and trade is stupid. It's a form of "carbon credits" designed to create a market for the likes of wall street while allowing for politics to also play a role. The simplest thing to do is TAX the carbon coming out of the ground (oil or coal) or coming into the country. This cost will automatically be passed on to whomever uses that fuel in direct proportion to how much the use. However, we continue to subsidize some carbon producers, so you can clearly see that reducing emissions is NOT the primary agenda here. Don't encourage this way of thinking too much. The gnome folks seem to think "hot corners" are awesome because they are easy to hit with a mouse. The problems is that they are also making something that looks like a touch interface, where the corners are awkward if at all possible to hit. Not to mention they lack visual ques. That said, the w95 start button probably should have extended to the corner. Two things. 1) Change password screens want you to enter the new password twice so that a typo doesn't end up in your password and prevent your own access in the future. If you copy/paste you will be copying any typo and circumventing this mild protection. 2) The whole time I kept thinking this forces people to type their password which makes it an easy target for key loggers - which are AFAICT designed to snif user credentials. Why would you want to extinguish it? Why yes, yes it does. But it's complex. The rule for embedded C is to never call malloc() or free(). You manage everything because heap fragmentation could lead malloc() to fail and then your system crashes. So given that, reference counting would seem to use more space for the same set of variables which would be bad. OTOH, the pause that may occur while collection happens can be fatal to such a system. The trade here is memory use vs non-deterministic run time. I'll take the memory use any day in such a system. Eventually you will not be able to _purchase_ a movie or a book. There will be commercial and non-commercial and then they'll start trying to outlaw non-commercial because it hurts the economy. Read "The Right to Read" by RMS. So never mind back porting. Can the implementation be extended to 100 percent compatibility without losing the benefits? In other words, could it replace cpython? But Google likes to read your email so they can target ads. Even they don't want you to encrypt on the client. My daughter has been identifying sarcasm since she was 5 or 6 years old. At 8 she's really good at it. While non-trivial for machines, this problem is not really as advanced for people as it may seem. Where did he make this statement? I doubt it had anything to do with ego as the blog suggests. Once things get to production there can be a managerial aversion to any change due to the amount of tracking/process involved. Someone probably got an ego boost from getting the fix into production in spite of the process by circumventing it. The big issue is not so much that they violated the part release process - which is bad, but that the severity of the issue did not get elevated to the point that it would cause a recall. This in spite of having some very fine safety analysis people. "The O(n) extra-space required by mergesort isn't always available." Heapsort The larger question: All platforms seem to eventually converge on icons to some extent. What I see here is that the concept of sharing is new, and I don't think that's limited to computer uses. We live in a very competitive world where we consume, buy, compete. Sure we share things, but we discriminate in the physical world. I think the notion of sharing non discriminately with ALL our connections is fundamentally new and this is contributing to the lack of a standard symbol. The number one ant-pattern is DON"T CREATE YOUR OWN LICENSE. To me there is GPL, BSD, MIT - and I'd have to read to discern the later two. MPL and Apache are there if you want a variation on the main ones. Everyone else creating a new license has some kind of agenda. This was apparent to a lot of us when SUN put out their license AND required assignment. Let me say that again. If you're not using one of the top 5 licenses you've got an agenda and may as well go home. Some speculation: This is necessary to close a deal on the huge battery plant. Not sure why I didn't think of this immediately given the timing. Reason? The partner(s) want to sell all the capacity even if Tesla can't buy it all, and they want everyone to know there won't be any issue buying Tesla batteries. Linked-In used to put up a message wanting to "verify" my email address and ask for a password. I made it a point to never ever give them my email password because I thought they'd help themselves. Anyone know if they do? I also gave my linked-in account it's own password in case they might try do something crappy like trying to get at my email assuming its the same password. It's not just them, half the apps on Google Play want access to my contacts, texts, and/or location - stuff the app itself has no use for. Has anyone made a processor that speculatively executes both branch options? I guess good simulations would show weather that or branch prediction is better. In my area they don't even advertise download speed any more. It's "the fastest in-home WiFi" because it doesn't matter how fast data get to your home, it's how fast it gets from one room to another.... OP here. I'm kinda glad it didn't make the front page too, but some stuff from the other side has made it there so I figured what the heck. I find the comments here on HN interesting - attack on him for length of presentation, failure to address ocean acidity, not being a climate scientist (not in the club, so screw him) and such are mostly what you get anywhere else. The guy presents data, but nobody talks about the data - as usual. I would say the HN comments are better than the internet at at large, but not as much better as I had hoped. I thought this was more of a data analyst looking at data. He does have harsh words of the other side, but if you've ever heard him speak he does the same with his peers in aerospace. http://www.choosemyplate.gov/downloads/mini_poster_English_f... It's still the square meal from the 1970's with some small adjustments. Eat a small plate that looks like that. The meat portion should be 4 ounces or so. I always liked the 68000 and wished IBM had chosen it instead. It was a real 32bit chip and I still have an instruction set book for it dated 1979. And we shall continue to get repeats until someone actually forces the lower courts to get their shit together or go home. It sounds like 7nm and 5nm are entirely feasible, but nobody is prepared to spend $10Billion on the fab until they're sure they've got (close to) the best solution. Also, I feel like the whole industry is getting a bit lazy. The big foundries are all around 28nm and getting 100 percent utilization of their capacity. So long as their customers competitors have no better foundry to go to, there is little incentive to press forward. There is the possibility to fall behind, but waiting just means increasing certainty in the path forward. Meanwhile Intel... I was with him until: "The idea behind patents is to create a financial incentive to promote innovation: patents ensure that the inventor of a new idea can get compensated for it, rather than seeing her idea immediately ripped off by copycats." The purpose of patents had nothing to do with compensation. It was already presumed that an inventor could sell an invention. The real purpose was to promote disclosure of how to make things. In other words to reveal what would otherwise be kept a trade secret. This fits well with the notion of "non-obvious to a person practiced in the art", which would preclude Amazons one-click. The idea was: Tell us how it's made in exchange for a monopoly for some number of years. Spreading knowledge is how you promote innovation. Aircraft? It's funny they're worried about CO2 from aircraft when the water vapor the emit has a much larger and immediate effect. "Do you see audio mixing/mastering or video editing software being bundled with media players? Or do you see word processors/TeX IDEs bundled with PDF viewers? " No, and that's a problem. Do you see programming languages shipped with every computer? No, but that's how it used to be. Most shipped with BASIC while Unix shipped with C. I guess Macs come with Python, but just CLI no IDE - not even idle. Is there some reason not to ship development tools? Do you not want the curious to have ready access to dig in and understand the stuff they use every day? How do we reconcile this "Officers may examine the phone’s physical aspects to ensure that it will not be used as a weap on, but the data on the phone can endanger no one." along with the notion that encryption algorithms are considered munitions worthy of export restrictions? Let us first say that if you sold it to someone else there would likely be sales tax involved (in most places) so the idea of giving someone stuff tax-free is unusual. The point of inheritance taxes is not to prevent you passing it on, it is to prevent the building of family empires which tend to screw people (in addition to being another revenue source). But why? The ONLY purpose of government is actually to preserve order by preventing people from being assholes to each other. Turns out people tend to do that if nobody keeps them in check. Now the rich kinda think the purpose is to keep people from doing anything to THEM, but even that still concedes my stated purpose for government. Large accumulations of wealth can be both good or bad, but from where I sit it looks like the super-rich aren't even sure what to do with all their money, so why not? Estate-tax is just another knob to turn in the preservation of society. The only real question is how far to turn it. I'm open to debate from all sides on that issue. I don't think the compiler is supposed to treat an entire function behavior as undefined just because a pointer was dereferenced without checking for NULL. The array indexing example may be valid, but the second one is probably not. It is possible to have a pointer to zero, and failing to check for that condition should not cause the compiler to assume the pointer is non-zero in subsequent lines of code. These guys are partially idiots. Obviously there is more demand than road if use is directly proportional to supply as they claim. The problem is the way we design cities and lay out the roads. A regular grid where we put STOP lights? seriously? Go, stop, go, stop. And then we put businesses right on the corners to increase congestion right where it's already bad. When cars get tested for EPA MPG ratings, the average speed on the city drive cycle is slightly under 20mph due to all the stop and go. Hybrid cars get better city mpg than highway by using regenerative braking to recover energy from all that stopping and making drag the dominant factor. I don't think traffic circles are relevant, but designing the layout to minimize disruptions to flow altogether. I've been contemplating this a lot, but can't write it all here right now. Imagine if every drive were 10-20 percent longer distance, but you could average twice the speed over the journey! You'd save gas and time. And if your journey takes less time, that's fewer car-minutes on the road which means less traffic and they could have fewer lanes. The problem is even if we could do the design correctly, nobody is going to build a city from scratch - except in China maybe. >> I'm not clear on how any of this will lead to a recession. Here are some reasons: 1) if government spending is half of GDP that means any increase in non-government economic activity will only have half the effect it otherwise could (with zero govt contribution) this works both ways though, but more importantly it means government spending is critical to the economy. 2) Debt is high, so there is a LOT of pressure to reduce govt spending, which would directly (negatively) affect GDP in the short term - see 1, gov spending is 0.5 of GDP. 3) Any rise in interest rates will result in 2 (the alternative is to just increase the debt). To spend more in interest, you have to spend less elsewhere. 4) If we get inflation (and they're trying really hard) they'll want to keep it low by raising interest rates, resulting in 2 (see 3). No, I advocate efficiency as a goal weather it be cars, public transit, or something else. Personally I'd like easy access to both. But public transit is only viable with high density and I don't like the way we do dense either. This is the only response to my question that seems solid. >>The really important thing here is to understand that Pilot Wave isn't a real wave/object. It is just a description of possible positions of the particle at specific times. Is it possible that pilot waves are ripples in space-time? We should not make strong assertions especially when a theory is young. You make it sound like nothing more than the a regular QM wave function. Aren't pixels obsolete? I mean in the sense that you have to use scalable graphics these days. Because it's there. The only reason people use all these web tools is because they are there, documented and ready. The classic example is the Apache web server - it was there and worked. It was written when the web was small and the number of users to a site was low. Competing web servers are here now with performance way higher, so people are switching. Nobody wanted to write a better web server so nobody did for a long time - and better in that case was easily measured. Programming paradigms? How do you evaluate them? I agree there are fads (FP anyone?) but what objective criteria do we have to evaluate them, or design something from scratch to meet those criteria? What are the ancient libraries used by computational chemists? I hope to get some insight to the field based on the answer to this question ;-) >> the ideas we want to convey from a first language are things like abstraction, recursion, proof by induction, equational reasoning, sequential/parallel time-complexity. Really? I thought good old imperative programming was the best starting point. Concepts like assignment, branching, looping. IMHO goto is actually useful at that point and structured programming is an abstraction that takes a little while to wrap your head around. Perhaps it's due to the way I learned that I think some things are more basic (no pun intended). Either way I don't think high level abstract concepts like functional programming are even relevant in the real world of software development - abstract stuff is CS, basic stuff is for everyone else who has to take a programming course. Agreed. Given that it is a puzzle and not a request for proof. Once you realize that the hole and sphere diameter are related and the situation has one degree of freedom not specified, it is perfectly valid to conclude that the answer must be independent of that and choose a case you can work out in your head. that's assignment AND reassignment. Mutable state is fundamental to how computers work no matter how hard the fans of the current fad of functional programming try to deny it. I would say the fact that is doesn't break existing code is more like the minimum requirement ;-) Even better would be to work in every case the existing system does. But yeah, simplicity is very desirable. I feel that way about code too. I love getting rid of stuff that's overly complex or unnecessary without compromising useful functionality. Take iodine, it will help sugar regulation. What separates the rice from the hulls? I get that the rollers crack it open, but then how do they end up in physically different places? The video doesn't show that. Battery swapping is dumb. It's like propane tank exchange, except the price is reversed. With propane the tank is relatively cheap and you don't care so much if you get somebody elses used one. With battery costing in the neighborhood of $10K it's a bit different. OTOH if they were to automatically recycle the ones with diminished capacity it may be somewhat more acceptable. But doesn't it still seem a bit odd? But wouldn't it be nice if they could use their data to get rid of some corruption in politics? I know, I know, how does the government as a whole police itself? Very tough problem. But at some level I don't really care that they collect data, it's what they do with it that's important. So who decides? What is the master agenda? How do they self police? etc... One can only guess at the answers to these questions. It may be nice to allow anyone in the NSA to spy on anyone else in the NSA to prevent abuse, but that would be a huge problem if a spy managed to get a job there. I just imagine this being a rather complex problem. But workflow systems can't do shit with scanned documents other than route them via human instructions. .jpg.exe extensions are less of a problem when the operating system doesn't hide them. >> When I read "integer multiplication", I think of "123 * 456". Is that what is actually being said here? If so, why would you do anything but "123 * 456" to arrive at the actual answer? The paper is talking about methods to multiply integers of significant length. Think 2048bit RSA keys, or multi-million-bit numbers used in GIMPS. Of course you just use a single machine instruction for small numbers. But the hardware designers actually care about such algorithms too because it affects the number of gates and propagation delay. That said, this paper will likely only be relevant to large integer software implementations. I like the idea of the windows task bar on the left side, but instead of showing thumbnails if it showed document titles we could just use that instead of side-tabs. Start a new browser window instead of a tab and let the desktop environment handle that. Of course there's persistence issues, but those could be resolved. I guess I don't like duplicating functionality between application and the desktop, and all the apps getting tabs is just that. Perhaps the desktop implementation needs to be better rather than having apps do it themselves? >> because SJIS has some duplicate mappings for historical reasons I think that's the problem. Sounds like unicode has some duplicate mapping. Never mind the "historical reasons", it's broken. I've always been suspect of cable and wireless internet connections. Anything that shares bandwidth with all subscribers is going to get maxed out if a large number of customers start streaming video. Is it possible that Verison (and Comcast and etc...) know that opening up the gate to the outside world will crush their network under the increased load? I like the milk-our-monopoly-on-the-last-mile theory as much as the next guy, but is it even possible for the technology used to deliver the necessary bandwidth if they open up the pipe? My point is was that spectrum doesn't scale. There's X gigabits per second available over the air, and a similar X over a cable. For cable companies they can push equipment closer to the home and have fewer subscribers on the same line. I suppose Verizon could do the same with more towers, but imagine doubling the number of towers to support double the bandwidth (or something like that). As people have pointed out though, the congestion is specific to connections that carry netflix. IMHO weather icons really need color. This will be even more necessary when you want to have more subtle variations in conditions. Color - or shades of gray - could even be an indicator to the cloud type. A dark cloud with yellowish lightning is going to convey thunderstorms much faster and with less visual processing than anything you can possibly do in a mono-color icon. This all leads to the question: Why use a single color? I believe the correct solution is to have coherent light emitted from very small pixels, with the ability to modulate either the phase or amplitude of each pixel. This will give the appearance of a regular film hologram. Color is of course another challenge, but this approach seems more practical than tiny lenses producing a finite number of directions. OTOH the old CRT shadow mask was a marvel in its day and was quite practical. Ultimately we DO want glasses. A single holograpic display per eye would be fine and would allow looking around by moving your eyeballs instead of your head in a VR context. This could be a couple of square inches (or less) of hologram per eye. >> Too much progress too fast with a bit too much disregard to astronauts' lives. We live in a much different world today. Back then if someone died (and some did) they were heros, lessons were learned, and we moved on. Today everyone is so afraid, even the military has a low risk tolerance. But remember how WWII was won, on D-day they basically thew bodies at the enemy to achieve a foothold. People did what it took to achieve goals, even at great cost in dollars or lives. It's just not like that today so it seems rather unbelievable. >> NASA is currently "live" streaming the mission: Like an old man telling a story about the good old days. Because, you know, it was the greatest thing NASA ever did and it was 45 years ago. So someone made the wrong choice - font vs image. IMHO it is total fail to have int be dependent on the machine architecture. C99 fixed this behavior with types for specific sizes so people could finally write portable code. Julia should adopt 64bit integers by default given its intended audience and the reality that even some phones have 64bit processors. int64_t works on 32bit processors too, but with a performance penalty. Having the range of a variable depend on the machine architecture really went out of style a long time ago. > Now mobiles and high electricity costs are making developers reach the same conclusions again. But rather than fall back on existing compiled languages, they are now trying to build something that has it all. I haven't been able to use SO since they shut off myopenid last year. I can't log in, so can't change my credentials ;-( Any ideas HN? Thanks, that was easy. So now I just have a password instead of linking to another account @facebook or google+ I guess that works ;-) Thanks, I followed the recovery link provided by another SE person. I don't see the problem. At that link, the browser column is higher contrast. Switching to the Stix fonts gives characters that look more like the TeX column, but seems to be missing a few things. I did not try all the font options. Already done. When I worked in EVs we used a HybridPack2 power module from Infineon. It's about the size of a sandwich but longer, and skinnier. You add a driver board, a logic board, a capacitor, connectors, cold plate. It's about the size of a shoe box and can deliver 100kW continuously. I pushed one under ideal conditions to 200kW. Of course, liquid cooling means a total system that is quite a bit larger than I describe. In order to get rid of liquid cooling at that power level you'd have to get the losses down by a huge margin. We were dissipating 2-3kW at high power, so for air cooling you'd need to get that down by a factor of at least 10. The only way to drive the heat down like that is at the semiconductor device level. This is a challenge that everyone in the field is already aware of and working on, while people outside the field have no ability to do meaningful research. At the small scale, an Arduino with the mega-moto shield can push some hundreds of watts in a few cubic inches. So what exactly is the challenge? Typically you want AC on the input or output and DC on the other. You can use that shield to produce AC by driving the outputs with PWM (it is intended for that). If there was a 3rd channel on the mega-moto, you could drive a 3-phase AC motor with it. If you put a transformer on it, you can connect it to the line and do DC->AC or AC->DC. Normally we want the DC voltage to be higher than the AC, so it's not the ideal shield for line connection - hence the transformer instead of simple inductors. And yes, the inductors add to the size, but if you are driving an inductive load like a motor, they are normally not needed. >> Obama hoped that his response to the “underwear bomber” would be a turning point. In 2010, he gave increased powers and responsibilities to the agencies that nominate individuals to the lists, placing pressure on them to add names. That part bothers me the most. By telling agencies to add names to the list, you don't automatically get more bad guys, you're just going to get more people on the list. A fair question would be "how much do we need to expand our scope to where we would have listed a certain person known to be a bad guy that slipped through?" And of course one data point isn't really terribly relevant, but the answer to the question may be enlightening - or not. "The world's first operating-system kernel with an end-to-end proof of implementation correctness and security enforcement." And as soon as one person makes a commit, that proof is invalid right? No. This guy was saving his own life and there was no certainty the bomb would be dropped on someone else - or whom or how many. I think the normal reasoning is that higher rent filters out the bad tenants (statistically). But once you have a good tenant then you probably don't want to raise the rent unless they move out and you're seeking a new one. >>Opteron A-series is ARM. That's pretty stupid considering all A-series APUs they've been selling for a few years now. Any future solution to this should still not be Googles problem. If people are going to be able to have history removed from the net, they should have to have it removed from the net and not just from an index. To cover a lot of this, make some restrictions on distribution of criminal, tax, employment, birth/death records. We already have it in the US for medical records. Some of that information is public records, but why do those have to be free and/or indexed by search engines? >> It seems like shining a flashlight in one direction should produce thrust in the other. Is that not true or is it something different at work here? That is absolutely true. Electromagnetic radiation effectively has momentum. Take the energy in joules and convert it to mass via E=mc^2 and then plug it in the momentum equation p = mv but using c as the velocity and you get p = E/c. Change in momentum over change in time is force, so we can then get to F = P/c. I believe the units are Newtons, Watts, and meters/sec. So with 300 Megawatts you can produce a whole Newton of force! I used this on a physics final once, but hid the work because the prof expected us to use formulas for radiation pressure derived from electromagnetics and I had missed that lecture. Later I derived the general case of my approach and it matched the EM derived formulas. 50/50 if he would have appreciated it or marked it down. The question was "a 50mW laser is reflected off a mirror, what force is exerted on the mirror due to the beam?". Note that the change in momentum is doubled for reflection vs emission or absorption. >> Er... some infinities are more equal than others? That's the whole point of the diagonal argument. To prove that. I wrote a chess game on a PIC16c-something. It had 176 bytes of RAM and only a 8 level return stack. I implemented recursive minimax by managing my own data stack since the compiler claimed to not support recursion. Code size was IIRC around 2K. You could play it on a battery charge controller we were making via UART in a terminal program, it printed the board and accepted key strokes. It declared checkmate when it was a certainty but before it actually happened... "... the range-handicapped i3 ..." I approve of this phrase. We usually see the term "range anxiety" which would indicate some kind of emotional problem with the customer rather than a problem with the product. This should not become a thing. Absolutely not ;-) We need a way to do digital signatures on images such that they cannot be faked. It should verify the image, location, time, and serial number. I know, this seems impossible since someone (the camera) needs to know the private key and that could be compromised. >> A bigger problem I see is that you could print the fake scene on a big piece of paper, take a picture of that, and the digital signature would be totally valid. That's why I want the date and camera SN to be authenticated as well. A photo of an actual event could be shown to have the correct date, while a photo of an altered print would have a later date. Wouldn't it be nice to allocate a small part of the IPv6 space to geographically encoded IP addresses? In other words, the address itself can be used to physically locate the destination and a route could be chosen partially according to geography. It seems like this should be less arbitrary than the routes you need to chose now. Or is it? I have wondered if such a thing could be designed for use in the upper atmosphere and dropped in from space. That would avoid the need to keep out the full atmosphere. But then so would pumping out the air as it gained altitude... Yes, at its core, this is the "overlapping hierarchy" problem. I believe in the case of the internet, this is almost a regulatory issue. Not to be dismissed, but failure to build a simple network structure is largely due to the number of players involved. Perhaps we could encode an ISP ID in the address as well, but that has its own issues. The way you describe it, implicit learning is the formation of associations, pattern matching, and what some call intuition. I've seen great things done with fact-based x-causes-y deduction as well as intuitive understanding that is hard to explain. I've also seen cases of each where a person who thinks the other way would never have found a solution to a problem. I would not discount implicit learning, nor promote it as "better". Are we getting at the old right-brain left-brain thing here? Working at a regular company can provide you ideas for your next project. Find out how things are done, figure out how they could be done better. Your next startup should solve a problem for someone, why not solve a problem faced by your employer and its peers? In fact, there's a problem right there - a capable person like you doesn't want to work for a company like that - why? There is a problem there. Much bigger than what I had in mind when I started this comment. I first saw this type of thing with http://www.manfreda.org/i-robot John Manfreda's I,Robot emulator where he takes parameters sent to the Atari mathbox/rasterizer and sends them to D3D instead. This gets you classic I,Robot with much higher resolution for the polygons. I tried very hard for a long time to explain to my daughter how to make herself go on a swing with no luck. "Lean back, legs out, when going forward..." Then I sat on the swing next to her and did it myself. She watched and was doing it herself in about 5 seconds. No idea if anything I had said helped prepare for that. I think she had seen me swing myself before and didn't get it, so IDK what clicked. You mean you didn't save all your results? Don't a lot of the problems build on previous results? Why would one lose anything? FYI I was interested but did not start down the projecteuler rabbit hole myself, so perhaps I'm missing something. If the basic income replaces social security but is available to all adults, a large number of working people are going to quit and retire prematurely. SS isn't supposed to be a total retirement plan, but it is for many and this would increase the number - probably to the point where it all falls apart. What is the incentive to work under this scheme? >> Even assuming that BI provided a standard of living equivalent to minimum wage (which the levels that have generally been proposed don't, even if one assumes no inflationary effect from BI itself, which is naive) But TFA said it would replace social security payments. Is that more than minimum wage? at $10 per hour and about 160 hr per month that's $1600 per month. I believe social security pays better than that for many people. >> ts at least plausible, intuitively, that BI would lead to a greater drop in demand for childcare than in supply, and decrease the market clearing cost. How is that exactly? If you think people are going to stop working to take care of their kids, then the arguments about not changing GDP fall apart along with the whole plan. That's a really shitty definition of entitlement. Social Security is an entitlement because people pay into the system and expect to effectively get their money back - they are entitled because they deserve it. Medicare might also be called and entitlement. While I think tax breaks for the rich are handouts (a penny saved is a penny earned right?) I wouldn't call those entitlements either. What does the expected distribution of p-values look like? I suppose an answer should consider random hypothesis separately from those that are tested because there was some indication they might be true. >> Road design... I couldn't agree more. We have roads set up in grid, forcing intersections every mile. Not only is this a huge safety issue, the stopping is where a large part of fuel goes and is where half the time spent commuting goes. The urban drive cycle has an average speed of just under 20mph due to all the stopping. I feel nearly certain that this is just lobbying by companies that have patents on certain aspects of the communication and would like to have a mandated market for some electronic modules on the car. Same thing happened with tire pressure monitoring. In-wheel systems were being developed, but there was really no market until they were mandated. Meanwhile, your ABS/traction-control system can passively detect low tire pressure with no additional hardware. I'm a little afraid the language will go down hill from here. Too many versions - a committee dedicated to creating new versions of the language standard is going to do exactly that. Much like has happened with OpenGL. I believe they become Maxwell's Equation, and it's super simple. It still creates a market for more hardware, weather patents apply or not. For the vehicle manufacturers it creates another barrier to entry in the market. Oh god. Advertisers! "It's late, time for fourthmeal Taco Bell ahead on the left." No no no no.... Don't even open that door. Some possible explanations: 1) Inflation - a billion dollars isn't what it used to be. 2) Stock market bubble causing investors to look elsewhere. 3) Founders are younger - they aren't looking to retire yet so let it grow, let it grow, don't need an exit yet. >> It's easy to add audio via skype/facetime/you-name-it though. Really? I don't think running another app to get audio is a very user friendly solution, and you'll never be able to record a session. How about Opus and webRTC or similar? I've been wondering about treating ebola with iodine. It's antimicrobial and antiviral. The Red Cross uses it to clean the skin before taking blood donations because it is superior to alcohol for cleaning. It is also useful to promote healing, among many other things (It seem to be helpful to the mitochondria which means wide-ranging benefit). But just due to the use for cleaning, and the aid in healing, I wonder if a few drops of Lugol's solution in a glass of water several times a day would help an ebola patient. That would hit right in the gut where the infection goes wild and does the most damage. That seems a minor complaint about GIMP. It's should be easy to fix after the major changes get done. By that I mean full integration of GEGL and migration to GTK3. IMHO if these don't get done soon, GIMP will get replaced. It's been years since they "inadvertedly ported the core graphics code to GEGL". You might say my priorities are wrong and GIMP is short on developers and I care about infrastructure more than something like gamma. But I'm moving to Wayland soon, and if GIMP has to run with GTK2 via XWayland I'm just not going to install it. OTOH I'm not a major user of it. I'm not advocating concentrated iodine. A few drops of Lugol's mixed in a glass of water isn't going to damage anything - lots of people take that exact amount on a regular basis. We could argue about long term effects of that, but I'm talking about doing it for a week or two to help with something that is killing half the people it infects. Where is the guy with iodine user id when you need them? >> Ebola virus disease is not like c. difficile. It attacks endothelial cells, liver cells, phagocytes... it's as systemic as they come. As are the benefits of iodine. But to be clear, you don't think it's worth even trying right? Taken up by all cells with a sodium/iodide symporter. From wikipedia: Apart from thyroid cells NIS can also be found, although less expressed, in other tissues such as the salivary glands, the gastric mucosa, the kidney, the placenta, the ovaries and the mammary glands during pregnancy and lactation. It also occurs is in the lungs. We also see that viral infection can trigger apoptosis here: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10547702 And that iodine is critical to some of the pathways leading to apoptosis, which may explain its helpfulness in some cancers: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16120321 So it's concentrated in the gut and kidneys - 2 places strongly effected by ebola. And there is a plausible link to slowing viral infection through destruction of infected cells. It was just a suggestion. The standard responses occured - 1) that stuff will burn tissue. and 2) it's only good for your thyroid. Both of these statements are false. Well sure #1 with concentrated iodine will do that, but that's not relevant to my original suggestion. This is the problem as I see it from TFA: >> More than a dozen theories have now been proposed for the so-called global warming hiatus, ranging from air pollution to volcanoes to sunspots. >> “Every week there’s a new explanation of the hiatus,” said corresponding author Ka-Kit Tung First of all, a hypothesis is NOT a theory. Secondly, they have a goal indicative of an agenda - they're looking for a plausible explanation and publishing speculation as "theory". If you don't have data you're just speculating, and by data I don't mean "yeah, volcanoes erupt and emit stuff". You need data that supports your hypothesis, and if you really want to claim a theory, IMHO you need some kind of mathematical model. If all these weekly explanations had data and models to back them, I don't think there would be nearly so many. To me this resembles the folks who blame every weather event on climate change. Even if I accept the premise, they look like fools trying to tie warm, cold, erratic, extreme, and calm, all to the the same cause with nothing but simple high level hand waving. Never mind my views on certain topics, doesn't all that speculation out in the public view damage the perception of science as a whole? That bothers me. I think I can agree with the idea that experimenting during the present situation could be damaging for all the reasons you point to. It seem standard treatment like keeping hydrated and isolated are not accepted, we must add confusion with experimentation. BTW, I have read the advocacy of colloidal silver and the damage it does - I think those guys are nuts. I understand that people will view my iodine advocacy the same way - I face this every time I take kelp in front of my wife... I am confused. I thought Brigade was created by Jacco Bikker, but then there's an OTOY logo down at the bottom. What's up with that? I didn't think these guys were related. >> This way you essentially wouldn't need to learn a new set of incantations - just tell the damn thing what you want the damn thing to do, dammit. I'm going to guess that you've never given a set of requirements to a programmer before. Programmers ARE the human interface to computers, as they are often writing software to specifications created by someone else. Many of the problems arise in the ambiguity of the human-human communication. Another part comes from the lack of specificity combined with different ideas about how to handle unspecified cases. Your idea of what is obvious is not the only one. Some people lack domain knowledge that is assumed in requirements and leads to poor choices where specifications are not complete. In the end, natural language assumes a broad swath of "common sense" that computers do not have yet. I cured my asthma. After my first attack the doctor put me on inhaled steroids - this is a lifelong treatment that has some side effects. He said my lung function was that of an 84 year old (I was 43). I found that magnesium helped, and later learned that Iodine can be beneficial too. I started taking both daily as well as reducing my BMI from ~33 down to ~29. I had the lungs retested after going off meds for a few weeks and they "functioned above average". So I'm off the meds and feel great. On a related note, I used to get sick pretty much every year and was the first in the house to get things. Since I started the iodine a year ago, I have not had so much as a cold, while my family got a couple bad things over the winter. This is more anecdotal than the asthma of course, as that's a thing you can test where catching stuff is more random. >> Water vapor is a greenhouse gas that helps to warm Earth’s surface. Its concentration in the atmosphere increases with surface temperature; hence, warmer surface temperatures lead to more water vapor, which in turn leads to warmer temperatures—a positive feedback loop. Conversely, colder surface temperatures should lead to less water vapor, and to even colder temperatures. So the water vapor feedback makes the faint young sun problem worse, not better. But what about cloud formation? When there is enough water vapor you get more cloud formation, which reflects more sunlight (and traps heat underneath). So that's a positive feedback bringing the temperature up and then clouds forming to stabilize it at the point where weather becomes interesting. Once again, I hate the hand waving ideas without simulations - there are problems with both his and mine. >> How did you reduce your BMI? Diet and exercise. But prior to that, I found magnesium took the edge off the asthma consistently. It is a broncho-dilator so this made perfect sense (it's also a vaso-dilator so that had some interesting side effects). The Iodine link is less solid, but after several minor indicators I ran across this: http://thyroid.about.com/library/derry/bl10.htm and some other great reading. This lead me to start taking kelp regularly, which helped stabilize my blood sugar and other things (that's another story, but very conclusive). Only after all that did I start to exercise and lose weight, and after months of that I got the asthma rechecked. For a while in there I took Lugol's iodine quite regularly too in the hope of reducing cholesterol - which it is supposed to do - but it didn't work for me. I had my thyroid tested (TSH, T4) before and after that phase though, so I can confirm that taking Iodine does not (for me) screw up the thyroid as is widely believed. My triglycerides went from ~300 to 160 though. My wife also used Lugol's to significantly heal a surgical scar - almost eliminated it. Iodine is wonderful, unfortunately the folks who promote it sound like an infomercial, but it truly is amazing stuff. I had to find all the papers and abstracts myself to cut through the hype. >> ..but none of that is best described as "curing" asthma. How then would you describe curing asthma? >> This is why the WoT is a bust and nobody developing new crypto systems cares about it anymore. I think the real reason nobody cares about it is because it gives you actual privacy. There is no way to exploit it commercially. All they could get is that data went "from here to there" with no idea what was in it. Not even Google could target ads with that. There was a weight above which I could actually feel that effect. It was very unpleasant and I took it as a "you gotta fix this or your gonna f *ing die". Kinda like how people don't change their ways until they actually have a heart attack. There is also another weight below which my snoring quiets down and heartburn goes away. I did pass through both of these in all of this too. Be happy with every pound of progress and look forward to more. They did tell me to keep a rescue inhaler just in case, and I have one around here somewhere. But it has not been used. I also don't buy the line that "there is no cure for asthma". Perhaps what I'm taking "controls" it as well as the more conventional stuff? I still prefer a treatment that has other beneficial side effects to one that costs more and has negative side effects. BTW, if we're using NIH links I'll just point out that Iodine cures cancer: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16120321 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16679319 And reverses FBD: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8221402 Where molecular iodine is most effective - though it's traditionally claimed to be the most harmful form. BTW, FBD is a risk factor for breast cancer so these go together quite nicely. Iodized salt had enough iodine to prevent goiter (enlarged thyroid gland). There are many other tissues that require iodine, and there are indications that somewhere around 1-5mg is more optimal than the 150mcg (0.15mg) that is officially recommended. For FBD treatment and other things, people go as high as 50mg per day. So no, salt doesn't really do it. Kelp is the only actual food that has significant amounts AFICT. So no problem then. I would substitute "orbit" for revolution in your definitions, but either way you get the same thing - it rotates once per orbit/revolution. >> That is the type of theory that when you hear it sounds so plausible that it must be true. But when 2 bodies of that size come together, and one of them splats onto the other, there is going to be a major change in rotation rate. There is no reason given for the resulting rotation rate to match the orbital period. I find that bothersome. There is a relationship between walking and EMDR http://www.emdr.com/general-information/what-is-emdr.html Since walking involves alternate motion of opposite sides of the body, and was part of the activity someone was doing when EMDR was discovered. Some think that alternately engaging the two sides of the brain causes an increased activity in the corpus callosum, or something along those lines. This could reduce desertification and reduce atmospheric CO2 while helping elephants. See this Ted talk to understand how: https://www.ted.com/talks/allan_savory_how_to_green_the_worl... Yes, the question not talked about in the article is how to disseminate the information to US companies. You'd have to be part of the club. And then it raises the question if the big guys spy on our own smaller companies that are not part of the club. I had an HTML version of my resume in 1995. The printed version looked almost identical to the MS Word version I had at the time. table, bold, italics, break are pretty much all it took. It reflowed quite well too. We don't want to sign your NDA until it's time for you to sign our NDA. This "ideas are cheap" concept is getting really old. You need a good idea AND execution. But execution alone is just as worthless as a bad idea. Execution amplifies the value of an idea, and amplifiers are just as common as ideas. What if my "secret sauce" is a whole new concept and being first in a new area would be a significant advantage? Hint: I have just such an idea. >> An NDA is not going to protect you anyway. Why not? Companies make people and partner companies sign them all the time. Why would they not be effective for people? What if it's a new idea? If the idea is obvious only in hindsight and it doesn't take much secret sauce, then what do you do? You can't communicate at all, so build it yourself I guess. What laws of gravity would those particles have to obey? AFAICT the rotation problem stems in large part from trying to use Keplers laws for a galaxy where they simply do not apply. I've even seen this problem in an article in Nature. It's quite a bit more than a 2-body problem. I'm in favor of these simulators plotting the rotation curves of simulated galaxies. The challenge is defining whose "team" you're on. Individual, family, chorines, country, race?? Different people prioritize these differently, but if you're sharing data with your team I should think the circle of people you're sharing with would define the team, but there may be reasons to keep part of your team in the dark too. It all depends on higher level strategy. In some cases we see who is clearly on the team, and in some cases who is clearly not. The public doesn't seem to fit cleanly into either of these camps in all cases. One should never differentiate a sampled signal without a low-pass filter (at least second order is preferred). The original cases/day plot was smooth, but also leveled off at the end. IDK if the people collecting the data are on any kind of weekly schedule, but that type of thing would certainly come through in the data with enough samples and Fourier analysis. >> ...truly more like Lego than video games actually... Which is really funny considering what Lego did in the video game space - they made video games where many things were made of Lego, but there was no "building" involved at all. I think he's wrong about one thing. A good BMS not only monitors cell voltages, it has the ability to bypass some charging current around individual cells. Not a lot, but enough to balance the charge of all cells over a cycle. That capability can do wonders for the reliability and life of a pack. While I worked in EVs for 6 years, I have no knowledge of the Tesla BMS - they were not our customer and I worked mostly in motor control anyway. It's a lot of work, but there is nothing complicated about getting it done. You tell the art guys the specs and they spend a few days getting all the images and then move on to the next monster. I was in that boat, but now if I was really motivated I could leave the family home for 3 months to do YC. The problem now is that everyone I know is in that same situation, so I've got NO co-founders to bring along. PG wrote a whole essay about why middle-aged guys don't do startups, but he also wrote one about the importance of cofounders. You solve one and end up not having the other... Why yes, yes I did. But for Doom there were about 10-15 kinds of sprites (monsters, lamps, trash cans). I didn't say it was easy, I said it was straight forward. The code took a lot of time back then, and I'm sure the art guy(s) were busy the whole time. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/1084... I'm afraid some people either think this is a game, or just an opportunity - since most of the worlds problems today stem from overpopulation. >> some describe it as "turning into a soulless robot. But doesn't pot bring apathy? People are actually starting to legalize that... I would argue that war can be a result of overpopulation. Famine is also - it occurs in the places least able to deal with ebola. "Global warming" - we could reduce emissions by reducing population without changing the per capita energy consumption. Unemployment - not enough jobs is the same thing as too many people. Strife in the middle east? Too many people in that area of the world with not enough resource (or governments that squander what they have). I'm not saying all of these are correct in an absolute sense, just that population certainly plays a role. And if a society values intelligence, they should encourage smarter people to reproduce and offer as much birth control as possible to less smart people. Following this line of reasoning and policy is sure to ignite all kinds of flame wars ;-) >> I never understood why the politically correct crowd happily accepts that athletic ability is heritable, yet when it comes to intelligence suddenly all bets are off. Because athletic ability is more recreational - you can say different people are good at sports, music, art, etc... there are nice alternatives. But it's not PC to imply anyone is inherently stupid. I phrase it that way because saying "inherently smarter" is OK on the surface, but the corollary is that someone else is inherently less smart. Being "PC" is all about not offending anyone. >> Uber is not a monopoly and the barriers to entry are lower than people think. That is actually a large part of the problem. Competition from Lyft will force Uber to lower fares. Competition from a driver-union-app would force them to be even lower. At some point, lowering fares will directly hurt uber. Prior to that point, it's hurting the drivers because uber doesn't care at all about drivers costs, and drivers are either not good at taking that into account, or have been screwed by falling fares. I run firefox on Fedora 20, on a dual core AMD64 from 2005. It worked ok with 1GB, but as indicated things went south when it ran out of memory. I upgraded to 2GB and useage rarely goes above 1, so everything is fine now. That said, I'm not one of the people who use tabs instead of bookmarks. My expectations are probably lower than many too, but I am all too familiar with content in one tab destroying performance of the browser as a whole. So I'm all for this e10s thing. >> Did you get a bill after the fact? You could call them up and negotiate. IMHO negotiation is one of the problems causing high health care costs. Prices are crazy high by default, but insurance companies are able to negotiate lower prices from providers. This means the uninsured are billed higher by default. It turns out that individuals can negotiate lower prices too - sometimes. I advocate that a given service provider should be forced to charge the same price for the same service to all patients. This might result in competition and lower prices, but in the mean time it should lower costs for the uninsured. I like that they show cases where it has problems. It's very much "here's what we can do, and here's where it doesn't work." There is no hype, no claims of "novelty", no speculation on uses, just results. I wish this were far more common. >> Languages without tail recursion elimination are very annoying. Looking at you JavaScript. Programmers who use tail recursion instead of a loop are very annoying. Looking at you justincormack ;-) Seriously, when I first saw recursion explained using the fibonacci sequence I was really scratching my head. I wondered why anyone would do that. Now that I'm older and wiser, I can see that it's natural to a mathematician. Why anyone who claims to be a programmer or compsci person would do it is beyond me. I suppose it's a simple example, but I'm a fan of introducing concepts with examples that really want the technique in question as a solution. Nice paper (linked in the article) but I see one thing that looks like an error. When comparing different start dates for intervention the have 3 curves on a plot. Then for "under reporting" they have another plot which looks like the same 3 curves multiplied by a constant to compensate for the under reporting. The problem is that the intervention consists of increasing the percent of patients getting treatment from 10 percent to 70 percent. But with under reporting by 2x that would be an actual increase from 5 percent to 35 percent, which would have a much less significant effect on the total number infected - possibly not even ending the epidemic. Perhaps they assume the intervention will include solving the under reporting problem. Otherwise a very nice report: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/su63e0923a1.htm?s_c... >> Battlefield triage and hospitals won't help in this situation. Have you seen the facilities they have over there now? I think battlefield hospitals are a huge step up. Logistics is also a core function of the military, so once a plan is in place they will bring in whatever that plan calls for and get stuff done. Where the military doesn't work is when politics is involved and the mission is not so clear. >> I have the potential to make a higher 2R profit, with the same amount of risk as before, because I’m simply buying more shares. What he's really doing here is demanding a much larger percentage gain in the stock price to get that higher return. It has nothing to do with the number of shares. >> Now it would be great to integrate this data into OSM to get navigation for bikes that takes slopes into account: Doesn't OSM have elevation data from GPS tracks people upload? Of course this wouldn't help with most of the US which was imported from an older map. Now that all the physicists are reading, I have a question: Are the trajectories of light beams following the curvature of space-time reversible? In other words, if I reflect a light beam back on itself, does it return to its source? Because if that's true (and my feeble understanding is that it is true), then light can't enter a black hole or the reverse path would allow light to escape. What am I missing here? Sounded good until I saw this: A faster Clasp compiler is coming soon – the current Clasp compiler generates slow native code that is about 100x slower than highly tuned Common Lisp compilers like Steel Bank Common Lisp. No mention of the expected speedup, but 100x is a huge performance problem. From 2011, has this made it into gcc? Is it part of LLVM now since they tested with that? Glad to hear it. I've been wondering when new languages would be developed on top of LLVM and it's starting to happen (Julia, now this). C++ is getting a lot of more advanced features, but the syntax is so clunky compared to something like Python for example. I also like the notion of easy C++ library use for things like QT. Funny: "That led investigators to a Facebook post, made two days after the homicide, in which another man posed in a cell phone selfie with the same gun." You'd think a selfie would be enough to find someone the traditional way, but they seem to think they needed to locate the phone that took the picture. >> It also sounds like performance is a secondary, but still important, concern in this post. Not exactly. He points out that in real time systems, worst case execution time is more important than average execution time. You have to render a video frame in 1/60 of a second or it will need to be displayed twice. In that case, getting the job done faster on average doesn't matter. This can change a bit if something like power consumption becomes relevant - then you've got conflicting requirements. Real time keeps performance a top priority, we just look at a different metric. >> I don't completely get his example To use Minecraft as an example, a player may die from falling from too high, drowning, getting attacked by a monster. If killPlayer() is called serparately for each of those cases, he asserts that it may cause bugs due to differing context or sequencing relative to other parts of the code. If OTOH you just decrement player health in each of those places and then check for health > I might be alone on this, but whenever I read things by John Carmack I get a vague sense that he doesn't really get object oriented programming. I'm starting to think object oriented programming is a bit over rated. It's hard to express why exactly, but I'm finding plain functions that operate on data can be clearer, less complicated, and more efficient than methods. Blasphemous as it may seem, a switch statement does the equivalent of simple polymorphism and can be kept inline. >> Name calling is of little benefit. It is a form of violence. "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent" - Isaac Asimov. I hope you saw the irony in that. >> Please do not allow your data model designs to be artificially constrained by the requirements of the past. I'm currently dealing with a large piece of software where many of the high profile bugs stem from data duplication errors. This isn't even using a DBMS it's happening in classes (which a very similar to tables BTW). I gave up DB programming as my primary job about 15 years ago, but the lessons of 3NF are applicable way beyond the DBMSs of the world. It's still quite relevant advise. >> It's ironic in the Alanis Morissette way. No, it was calling name callers incompetent, which caused an unintended self reference :-) I suppose it's not irony, but I don't think it's as far from it as Alanis. I always come back to air traffic. Did patterns change significantly in the last few years? I could swear the weather here in MI changed a bit after delta bought northwest and made Detroit a non-hub. But that's just anecdotal. Does anyone study weather pattern correlation with air traffic routes? >> This is a fairly common approach with dynamically typed languages. That makes sense. The performance penalty might be incremental compared to the overhead of dynamic typing. Most interesting is that this guy apparently became symptomatic 3-4 days before going to the hospital. Arrived on the 20th, felt sick on the 24th, went to hospital on 27th, was isolated on the 28th. How many people did he come in contact with? How many contacts are being traced? This may be very interesting, and I doubt it will stop at just the one case. Thanks for the link. I was well aware of that week. Michigan skies were exceptionally deep blue and cloud free - all week. I am also aware that NASA recorded an increase in the daily temperature range (details escape me). My question getting modded down to -4 is an amazing example of... something. People thinking climate is all about CO2? I dunno, but I'm gonna go follow that nature link. Thanks again. "Sir, can you tell me how fast you were going?" I've always wondered what the best answer would be. "you have the right to not be interrogated without a lawyer present" but that implies you have to answer questions once you get a lawyer present. My friend recently tried "do you know how fast I was going" with his best smile of course. The officer responded something like "yes, but I want to see how honest you're going to be with me" with his best smile of course. This was probably a slam dunk for the officer, but my friend got off with 5-over, a hundred dollars, and no points. They were just out to generate revenue on a holiday weekend - and maybe get people to slow down - and I think we all knew it.