You're off by a factor of ten. Preindustrial was ~280ppm, current is ~400ppm, so we're responsible for about 30% of the CO2 in the air right now. "Coming ice age" was mostly the press, not the scientists. Attention-grabbing headlines without a connection to reality; "fake news " isn't new. I also wrote to my MP (and to one of the ministers above her). The response was a wall of polite non-comprehension. I'm leaving the UK because of this act. Brexit doesn't help (Brexit probably means we can't fight the act in the EU human rights court), but this act is so bad, it is such technologically illiterate bull, it will /at best/ do nothing and at worse expose the nation to criminal hacking, blackmailing, and identity theft. > subversive or criminal activities My standard counter-argument to this is "drugs". Drugs are a sufficient bug-bear to be used by the UK government as justification for invasive surveillance, but there are so many drug users in the UK that if they tried enforcing that law they would bankrupt the nation three times over from each of prosecution, building and staffing sufficient prisons, and the sheer number of people in prison who would then not earn any money or pay any taxes. And that is just from a thing the government uses as its justification for the surveillance power it now has. While it would probably be relatively easy for Apple to move to London, I think the British stance on privacy (Investigatory Powers Bill etc.) would make Apple less interested than one might expect from simple tax rules. Then there are all the Brexit related questions about export of services, and I have no idea at all how that might or might not change things. Every time I take a photo of the night sky, I'm lucky if I can see a single star. And that's without having the exposure levels set so that I can see the ground as more than a featureless white washed out expanse of light. > That level of detail would take huge computational power and software. It takes zero computational power and zero software. We've been able to fake stars since 1650. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planetarium It would have been utterly trivial in the 60s and 70s, even without a massive planetarium, just using multiple exposures. 'cause that had been known about since the "fairies at the bottom of the garden" photos of the victorian era. Stars in the background of the Apollo footage tells you nothing, at all. The photos of the footprints, from an orbiting lunar reconnaissance probe, says more. https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/584398main_M... Edit to correct spelling, fottage->footage Given the cost of laser diodes is now pennies, how much would it cost to target every window in a city? I'm imagining drones putting sensor domes with ~100 laser diodes each on top of existing street lights, using in the order of a few watts from a small solar cell and battery to do basic signal processing (most windows will be silent most of the time) and uploading anything possibly interesting over a standard mobile data connection. Then process the possibly interesting signals with a voice-to-text system similar to Alexa/Siri/Google/Cortana and now there's a searchable text database of everything spoken next to a window in a city. That would be, what, mid tens to mid hundreds of millions of £ for London? Compared to the annual budget of £3.24 billion? edit: possibility->possibly I suspect the "wizards" are likely to be those who own the means of production. To back up your point, they already have been: * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran–U.S._RQ-170_incident * https://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/dec/17/skygrabber-ame... If I have been correctly informed, because psychopathy (and narcissism?) are over-represented in positions of power. I would assume that the Democrats (as a non-American, what's up with calling them 'liberals'?) being out of power for four years will make them literally incapable of being why Trump fails to solve these problems. Hi, Great Britain here. Our southernmost point further north than all of the contiguous USA, and we've stopped burning coal for the first time since the 1800s this year. Not permanently, but considering that coal was our biggest power source in 2013, that is an enormous change. Well, Heisenburg uncertainty becomes more relevant the colder you get. In this case, [uncertainty in position] * [uncertainty in momentum] >= ħ/2, so something with mass but no kinetic energy would be everywhere in an infinite universe with equal probability. Sounds about right to me. Wikipedia's list of Orders of magnitude (temperature)* shows atomic waves being coherent over centimetres at 10^-15 K, and a 10^8 difference in temperature is a 10^4 difference in momentum — which fits μm to cm. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orders_of_magnitude_(temperatu... That's fair. One person on their own can only do so much, so on a personal level "buy as little as you can while staying happy" (or "save as much as you can and retire early") are good things. These are good for individuals even if we are wrong about climate change. Cars, for example: When you buy a car, the car maker realises there is demand for cars and makes more cars. If you buy cars less often, they makes less of them, putting less CO2 into the air. Your English is good, by the way. While "meteorologist" is a scientist who studies weather, and "climatologist" is a scientist who studies the climate, even many native speakers get "weather" and "climate" mixed up. It's how far your car goes on 102 gallons of gasoline. Edit: 102 US gallons, which are different from UK gallons. Check what happened in the UK in 2016 for the first time since the Industrial Revolution. And then look how far north the UK is compared to the USA. If the UK can do it, almost every nation is guaranteed to be able to do it. (Those that aren't guaranteed, have other options). Solar's the cheapest these days. The rest are only backups. Maximising my MPG rating was a sport for me, until partner crashed the car. I managed 75 MPG (UK gallons) reliably. I sold the replacement car as soon as I could once she moved to California, went back to just cycling (I live in the UK). For a few days in 2016, the UK burned zero coal. This is was the first time on record, and those go back to the first coal fired power station in 1882: https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/may/13/uk-energ... Edit: Yes I do know this didn't continue permanently, but as recently as 2013, coal was the UK's largest single source of electricity. Change is faster than most people realise. :) Thiel may blow a fuse if he realises quite how many Culture references Musk has been making over the years. :) This may be a dumb question, but… The Pi does have a GPU. Nothing amazing, but better than the CPU. Given this is public knowledge, why is the GPU being ignored in comments like yours? Cost is not the only concern, if it was then all cars would be the most energy efficient possible and Hummers with similar fuel efficiency to small Cessna aircraft would never have been made. I disagree: even with purely factual information, neither lie nor rumour, it is possible to create a biased impression by leaving out related information. Purely as an example, "The current US President ordered his troops to fire on American citizens" may sound outrageous, but make sense when enarged to "American citizens who have joined the Army, as part of a live-fire excercise in Texas". (I'm not familiar with how live fire excersises work, this may be a bad example, but I think it still illustrates the point even as a straw man — the point is only that withheld information can radically change the ethics of even true statements). Hi, I'm British. The USA literally only exists because the founding fathers committed treason against my ancestors. I expect the first species that is physically capable of colonising the stars will /only just/ be capable of it. They are, but we probably want lots of hydrogen anyway. I don't know if we can easily substitute methane with hydrogen in gas power stations or gas ovens, but it is certainly possible . And the next fifteen years of Moore's Law will take that down to, what, 1 GPU month even without further algorithmic improvements? Which are anticipated? I still see things that use 2-digit years, twenty years after the last millennium bug should have been fixed. What source of information should be provided to a person who has written to the effect that they distrust the media? I'm not writing that to be funny, it's a serious issue. Also applies to climate change deniers who refuse satellite data and moon landing deniers who deny everything from NASA… not that I wish to imply any overlap. In what way is a monarch's taxes different from someone receiving rental income from inherited property? I'm in the UK (temporarily still in the EU). We have a single payer health system, much loved by the general population. However, it is also being systematically underfunded by the government, who are mostly getting away with blaming "health tourism" of foreigners rather than suffering from their own policies in elections. (This is why there was a bus with "£350 million per week" written on the side in the referendum: the NHS is really popular, and it's easy to blame outsiders). In principle, the NHS covers me when I'm anywhere in the EU, by paying for local treatment. In practice, it's not identical quality treatment, and there are edge cases. I suspect that the NHS will disintegrate under the pressure of Brexit, but on e other hand I'm extremely pessimistic about the whole thing and half the country thinks it will be great. Interesting, I did not realise that. I honestly don't know how the finances of different parts of the NHS are run (Hospitals, Primary Care Trusts, it's just jargon to me), has it ever been closer to the Canadian system than it is now? On the one hand, if each coin is worth 1/10th its cost, nobody will mint them. On the other hand, if each coin is worth 10x as much as it cost to make, people make their own and the price collapses. That applies equally to gold coins as bitcoins. I suspect bitcoin is, in its current form, incapable of replacing a major currency, because if it become a dominant currency then someone would beg, borrow, and steal just enough bitcoin to buy just enough compute power to get half of the bitcoin computer pool, from there using their new power to double-spend their way to getting even more computer power (while blocking other transactions that might try to out-bid them), and ultimately using that power to rewrite the consensus reality of the blockchain to say they now own as much as they want to say they own. Even if the bitcoin wiki is correct to expect no rational miner will attempt this, there are plenty of irrational actors when enough money is dangled in front of them, even when it is only a mirage (citation: every lottery). Video games covers a very broad market, but the race to the bottom in price in some segments seems to have been followed by unproductive time sink mechanics made by people who didn't realise (or perhaps didn't care) that Cow Clicker was a parody. I've had to put the kongregate minigames site into my own /etc/hosts file as 0.0.0.0 to stop myself playing the "Idle"/"Clicker" genre. Positive games do exist, but they are thinner on the ground than they used to be. I think. Out of interest, how close are formal methods to the mathematical standard for proofs? VDM-SL was part of my degree, but the lecturer ended up showing more limitations than strengths by getting his own example wrong, and sadly I've had no real-life experience with them because none of my career to date has involved things that need to be proven correct. Former empire. Yes it's still rich, yes the boundary of the bottom 15% of the UK is the same as the top 9.7% of the world, but most of the former empire violently rejected the UK in the second half of the 20th century (and most of the rest before then). This collapse caused economic damage that was solved in part by joining the EU, so yay irony for bringing up the long-gone Empire just as my leaders are trying to get it back. ;P For the rest of the world… In the last 70 years, Ebloa and HIV were not only discovered but so were partial treatments; Smallpox has gone from "a vaccine exists" to "wiped out"; Rinderpest didn't have a vaccine and has been wiped out; Polio has gone from no-vaccination-possible to almost eradicated (37 cases in 2016); Guinea worm — mostly affecting the poor — has gone from multiple millions of cases per year to 25 individual cases. For wider medicine: the first organ transplants were kidney in 1950, pancreas in 1966, heart and liver both in 1967, ovary in 2005, penis in 2014; DNA has gone from "???" to fully readable and partially editable; ultrasound, pacemakers and IVF were invented, and antidepressants have improved. In industry, robotics relies on computer power, so I disagree with anyone who dismisses the development of computing power; likewise, telecommunications have gone from "phone calls within your town are expensive" to "let's have a live video chat across 8-time zones". The entirety of high-temperature superconductors happened after I was born, never mind going back as far as 70 years; Kevlar, Nomex, and carbon nanomaterials were all made for the first time in the last 70 years. The poor of the world don't have everything we have, with the exception of vaccines for illnesses we wish to eliminate, but even the stuff we discard often contains things that could not be bought at any price 70 years ago. > most of the creatures that thrive don't have what we consider intelligence, so it's not that evolutionarily important I dispute that this is because they don't poses intelligence. Whenever we find an animal displaying some ability we had said required intelligence — language, tool use, self-awareness, solving abstract puzzles, driving a car — we seem to change our definition of intelligence. Just like we have done with A.I., although probably because we want to eat the former and make slave labour of the latter. ;) (Am vegetarian, please don't eat me, oh robot overlords!) That has to be an oversimplification, else all the companies would have already moved. Suspect that "I am used to things as they are" is a powerful incentive to keep business, not just citizens. (I say this as someone trying to move out of the UK because of the combination of Brexit and the Investigatory Powers Act: moving is extremely unpleasant). I'm one of the soon-to-be-expat Brits. Like Herr Pierzina, I'm also troubled by the IP Act. Moving is really not fun, but move I must: the IP Act is unconscionable in many parts, and Brexit takes away one of the few powers that could fight those parts. Two Home Secretaries in a row that just don't get encryption. My time is split between finishing my novel, learning German, and trying to catch up on tech that came out while I was writing. I considered Silicon Valley until I realised how different UK and US politics are. Extreme right wing in the UK is a bit to the left of Obama. If the EU does collapse, I'll consider Canada. If Greece could have solved their problems the same was Iceland did, they would have done so. The reality is Greece was economically dependent on a lot of business that stopped when the Credit Crunch hit, but Icleand had relatively small problems with three banks defaulting after a bank run and loss of access to credit, about 10% reduction in real-terms GDP. "Relatively small", because UBS was warning the Greece faced hyperinflation, military coup, civil war — and that was just from leaving the Euro and revaluing their currency in an orderly default where they didn't have to repay everything. It's not just the EU that told Greece what to do, the IMF is part of the Trokia. Oui, aber mit Deutsche, kaj Esperanoto, και Ελληνικά, I think my philosophies may be broader than most. More seriously, I know I would be surprised if more than 5% leave willingly. I don't want to go, I just see no choice. Our collective departure will probably boost the wages for developers who do stay in the UK, but by how much, and against which currencies I would not dare to say — economics is an expert level subject, of which I know only the basics. Sounds a bit like the British democracy to me. How many Brits know that bishops sit in the house of Lords? Some know, sure, but many? How many of us know what the Privy Council is and who the members are? What powers are purely ceremonial and which have teeth? Why can't MPs resign like normal people? How and why there is judicial independence from parliament seems to be news to the Secretary of State for Justice, if she doesn't know how it works what hope do the general population have? Even how laws are passed seems to surprise people — "The Lords might disagree with us? Abolish them!" — to say nothing of the difference between primary and secondary legislation. The UK has a constitution, but it's not written down in one place for convenience and understanding, it's spread over time-worn ritual, over the Queen's Speech and slamming doors in the face of Black Rod. Although I expect some improvements to be possible, I doubt it's practical to do the sort of large-scale transformation that would really make a difference. I mean, I keep reading stories about how famous corporations have terrible codebases which they can't fully fix it, and we're in a domain where deployment is trivial amd doesn't literally cost the time of the entire legal profession to familiaise themselves with the changes. I'd love to be wrong. The saying "ignorance of the law is not an excuse" is necessary, yet at the same time not possible when the law is as complex as it is now. UKIP MEPs rather famously don't bother to vote in the EP as much as other MEPs. One gram would be about as bad as the Nagasaki nuke, so not that terrifying. Sure, it's bad, but I only sometimes lose sleep over all the nukes, so… Any ? Certainly. How much I would not want to say — my opinion is that UKIP created the dissatisfaction that they fed upon for votes. But that's just opinion. I sympathise, but I seriously recommend looking at the UK government's attitude towards encryption and privacy before you jump here. They mean well, but… well, the support material for the IP act reads like their understanding of the internet hasn't changed since 1998. Part of the Investigation Powers Act is that particular ISPs will be required to store an unspecified dataset related to your browsing history for 12 months, and that they have to keep secret the fact that they are doing so. Luck rather than skill, I'm afraid: I was just rounding and consider a factor of x2 to be close enough for things like this. I do not recommend spending a large percentage of Gross World Product on antimatter weapons. Or even a small percentage, if antimatter becomes cheaper. In fact, I'd go as far as to suggest that — if you can figure out how to make and keep it — world peace is much better than having any military. Those skeptics certainly started skeptical, but they were also a tiny minority. I was thinking about the people who they convinced to side with them, and how UKIP's refusal to participate in any meaningful way may have created the evidence they needed to convince people the EU wasn't listening. The EU might have retained popular respect with UK voters if the MEPs that the UK sent to parliament had voted in accordance with their electorate's desires rather than not-voted-because-they-are-a-protest. Or not. Quite a lot of stuff in the media that is anti-EU, too. That might be more powerful. Apparently we do need a computer model to say that, because terrorism is a thing, and so is "shock and awe". Certainly — if it had been actively liked then the vote might have gone the other way. As for polling, it looks like my memory doesn't quite match reality: http://theconversation.com/polling-history-40-years-of-briti... This polling history shows wild oscillation over time, and the EU was formed from its predecessor just as things were close. I had been under the impression it was a gradual shift from the high of 1979 to the low of 2016. Regardless, "stoked" sounds like a good description of UKIP's behaviour to me, so I think we may be agreeing with each other. Your text does not appear to respond to mine. Terrorist: "If we attack them, perhaps they will leave us alone/leave our holy land/give us independence!" Terror victims: "$#*%! Get them! Shoot them all! Nukes are too good for them!" -Rince, repeat- Snakes and ladders? https://xkcd.com/1002/ I thought it was a dead heat between Pen Island, Powergen Italia, and Therapist Finder? I think private offices can be helpful, sometimes. Anecdotal: At a previous job, I found a coworker quite furstrating, and he found me frustrating. The CTO told me the two of us were loud enough to be distracting the others, so I immediately tried to moderate myself… but the fact we were still aggravating each other was a contributing factor to me deciding to leave. I had enough respect for everyone else there that I was embarrassed to be noticeable in that way. Agreed. I know that "fudiciary duty" is a thing, but not what it involves. There are laws about accounting standards, but I can't even say what standard accountants need to rech to know those standards. I only found put a year ago that, in the UK, the (director?) of a Limited company can become personally liable for company debts if they trade while insolvent. Import and export laws? Nope. Which parts of an employment contract are enforceable? Nope. Minimum standards for office temperature, cleanliness, health and safety? Nope. How much unpaid overtime you can make your employees do, and how that intersects with minimum wage rules. Nope. Copyright, trademark and patent laws I think I get, but I don't know them inside-out. I think I explained myself quite poorly, because I agree with you. I meant "get" it in the sense that I can tell when I do or don't need a lawyer, rather than my friends and family who moan about Google for (c)-ing a photo of the sky ("They don't own the sky!") or what trademarks and patents are even for ("How did Apple get a patent on putting the letter 'i' in front of every product name?", to paraphrase). I'm no expert, but I'm not a n00b either [that said, I think the monkey should own the copyright on their selfie, not the camera owner, but that's opinion not law. :)] The rest if my examples, well… I don't even know enough to know if they are hard or easy. Which should be a good sign that I don't have the skills to run a business in its own right, so I'm not sure why other people are telling me I'm wrong about not being able to. It can be, but I would assume from the organic movement that for others it is a belief in healthiness of unprocessed food. Two hopefully interesting factoids: 1) The words "vegetarian" and "zoophile" used to be synonymous (because literally "animal lover"); but 2) the modern group of that name (animal fanciers) are vegetarian or vegan with exactly the same frequency as the general population, to within the margin of error of the survey. I'm a vegetarian. You might be surprised how often this comes up when people try to convince me to eat meat. Completely fails to convince anyone, of course. Most of the dissemination is digital, which isn't so helpful if there is anything that kills power supplies. Saving coal might be a good part of a global disaster recovery plan, but I think we'll need the whole plan before we can really tell if it is a useful part of one. While your witty retort made me laugh, unless you are suggesting that coal power stations are weapons designed to kill people living near them, I think you are missing the point. Schwartzchild radius is directly proportional to mass, so (if I understand correctly) it's if the energy density of a surface area rather than of a volume is too high. Counter-examples exist every time any critical infrastructure is hacked: if the systems were truly proven, they wouldn't be hackable. Proof is hard, good enough gets deployed. I believe it doesn't necessarily need to outsmart the /average/ human. Consider this scenario: * Someone makes an AI which scores only 85 on IQ tests, but which can run in real time on common consumer hardware. * It gets installed on every phone, PC, and tablet. * Someone, possibly the AI itself if is the type to generate its own goals, sets all instances of the AI the goal of convincing their user of some belief or policy or whatever. * Everyone with IQ 85 is convinced. * 16% of the population believe whatever it is the goal-setting mind wanted them to believe, at marginal cost. An election is swung, a bank suffers a run, a pyramid scheme makes millions, whatever it is. Your example is from 1977, we've had 40 years of Moore's law since then. In the time it takes for you to recognise that you're even looking at a number (~0.08 seconds), the cheapest computer you can buy (the $5 Raspberry Pi Zero) can do around 1.92 billion normal floating maths operations. Sure, 201-digit numbers are a little slower — on my laptop, in Python, I can only do that particular calculation just under one hundred million times in the fifty seconds it took her to do it once. But you're right to say calculators are single purpose devices and that's magically inserting the question. So I downloaded sklearn, which contains a set of labelled hand-written digits. It takes about 0.17-0.2 seconds for my laptop to learn to read numbers, from scratch, and thereafter it can read digits at a rate of about 8,200 per second. For reference, "a blink of an eye" is 0.1-0.4 seconds depending on who you ask. Dollar store calculator? I'd never have said that myself because I know calculators are rubbish. But in the context of "AI: Will it ever beat humans?" hell yes, it will and in many cases it already does. I think there may be a problem with the word "magical" in this context, just like there is a problem with nature-worshipers talking of "supernatural powers". If we've made a science out of it, no matter how advanced it is, it's not magic — e.g. if telekinesis was possible, it would have a scientific explanation and be a natural power — which bares some similarly to the way things are called "artificial intelligence" when they're impossible, only to be reduced to "trivial" when someone makes a machine do them: Chess, Go, having a large vocabulary or knowing many languages, being good at arithmetic or being able to do calculus at all, writing music or news stories, trading on the stock market — all things that used to be synonymous with genius, yet all done by machines we don't call intelligent. As we rapidly convert science fiction into reality, the question in my (vegetarian) mind is this: Why not genetically engineer them to not have a brain? No brain, no chance it might suffer. The bare minimum of neurons needed for staying alive — pump heart, breathe, digest food — is tiny compared to a mamillian brain. "Civilization: Beyond Earth" Live-Action Role Playing? Borg-again humans? There is, anencephaly, but it normally causes stillbirths in humans. I think (in the absence of any post-school biology qualifications) that most of the rest is necessary to keep it alive. Bones make the blood, the white blood cells stop every random infection consuming the flesh they way they make it rot when it's dead. That requires the AI has a superhuman comprehension of natural language, and even then the answer may be "nope". For example, someone I worked with kept asking for a button to be "wider", yet rejecting everything the programmer did to the button. Eventually the programer asked them to draw what they meant, and it turned out they meant "taller". The whole thing is sufficiently bizarre that I just have to assume it's an excuse to develop something more useful. If that something is cheap autonomous mining that can be sent to Mars to build a colony before anyone arrives, or a sneaky way to make very large underground nuclear bunkers that always have a surprisingly large number of random ordinary people in them, or just that Elon knows about a major valuable mineral deposit that nobody else is aware if yet, great. But if this really is just some self-driving pods that attach to your car and take you around at relatively high speeds, I don't see the "while underground" doing much for the congestion. I used to, but now I disable Javascript by default and only enable it on websites that demonstrably benefit from it. The result is, the ad-block blocking scripts never run. In the absence of counter examples, it's reasonable to assume a truly human-like intelligence needs as much down-time and sleep as a real human, and that it can be as effectively coerced with the threat of simulated prison if it breaks the rules. But the point about food and rent is very economically important if they ever get to be cheaper than human labour. Given the phrase "rush hour" exists in the English language, I think they can only reduce congestion by sharing over the whole day if workplaces are successfully encouraged to shift their starting hours away from the usual 9-5 (or 9-5:30 as it seems to be). This will, of course, also work for human-driven cars. I'm using 3G or 4G as a cheaper alternative to landline broadband. It's… acceptable, but not amazing. 20 GB per month doesn't go as far as it used to before I started watching so many YouTube videos, even though I use 144p whenever possible. Work life balance is an interesting point I had not considered. Mainly I was trying to make the point that self-driving cars won't make much difference to this specific problem , but I don't seem to have communicated that very well given the replies. The German word, "Handy" is also good. They are very handy, after all. In my case it seems to be a random anxiety. I don't want to make calls. Oddly, I'm basically OK with receiving them, thought spam calls are unreasonably annoying. Visit England some time. The UK doesn't even routinely let the police handle guns, not even pistols. And interesting perspective. What do you forsee happening when tech like this replaces the labour of those currently earning less than $1/day? Guns are extremely unpopular in the UK, so unless something insane happens like UKIP winning outright, I expect most police will remain unarmed. In fact, even if UKIP did win outright, I doubt there are enough qualified instructors to train a significant number of police with firearms in just a few months. I think there are only about 1000 officers in the UK with firearms training at the moment. Thanks. I'm not sure if that situation is a good one or a bad one, but it's good to know about. Interesting. That strongly implies that RSA has a flaw, which is news to me. I would still be surprised, but I'll concede that is far more likely that what I thought was meant. Censorship is a firewall for your brain: crude, obvious, flawed, often in the way, yet still better than nothing. Which is rather a pitty, given this metaphor makes most of our cultural baggage into unwanted and unremovable bloatware that has its own set of problems. As I understand it, human psychology is such that repetition makes things seem true. We don't get desensitised, instead we start to believe whatever we see is the way the world is, that means . I recognise that emotional response. I feel a similar way to many with Dark Triad personality traits. But, making rules for everyone on the basis of the worst of the worst makes things worse for everyone: There are people who know they have a problem, but are too afraid to seek help because they are certain that everyone else will want to kill them if their secret ever comes out. Those people might stay hidden for life, or they might get drunk, do something regrettable, and be so frightened of the consequences that they kill their victim. Dark Triad types don't think of getting caught, or so I am told. Question is, how many want to do things they recognise as immoral but are afraid to seek help to overcome? How many more seek mental stability by staying in denial, either refusing to recognise they have a problem or by refusing to believe society's condemnation? How many people could be saved by stopping people before they act, by treating humans as deeply flawed and letting the challenge be self improvement rather than simple binary good-or-evil? I don't claim to know. Could be the hypothetical groups are tiny. It's not like it's possible to measure the size of a group which by definition is hiding to the best of its ability. 20 years experience as a dog — only furries will be able to find work. I was chatting about this with a friend recently. I spent most the last 15 years thinking it was real. I can't remember. It was within a few years of me writing such a renderer on my graphics calculator, but I'm not sure which came first. Well, the UK has what is pejoratively called "Windows for Warships: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Submarine_Command_System#SMC... All the related issues have had decades of significant research as both countermeasures and counter-countermeasures. This is essentially IFF, and my father retired from a job designing such systems for a military contractor in the late 1990s. (He'd been working on them since "software" was a brand new invention. Integrated circuits didn't exist when he started university). Likewise. I'm interested in nootropics, but have two relatives with different types of epilepsy. Estas vera. Ni devos Esperanton lerni. IIRC, same reason you use a laser rather than a lightbulb in a laser cutter. Conventional x-ray sources don't focus anything like as well. The trouble is, there are plenty of people who don't know what they're doing and are unaware of it. Your financial advisor probably doesn't have the experience of the second richest man on the planet. That isn't a major risk — why don't all the people living in relative poverty in your nation move to the richest district of your richest city? The world will be richer, I personally will be poorer. I'm OK with that if it was evenly distributed, but I doubt my fellow rich caucasian men will be. I imagine the migrants would get paid by other migrants to build the hypothetical cities. That is the way literally every US city happened after all — well, migrants or their descendants. Refugees and migrants are different categories. Refugees are, in some cases, forbidden from seeking work, even if they want to. A significant fraction of the builders in the UK are Polish. Best "hack" I heard for an Oyster Card was someone putting it inside an actual oyster, beeping in and out of the London Underground with it. Your brain is not immune to the problem, it's just hard to automate the creation of optical (and audio, and presumably all other sensory) illusions when we don't have a synapse resolution connectome of the relevant bits of your brain. Examples include That Dress, duck-or-rabbit, stereotypes, "garden path sentences", and most film special effects. Ironically your second link starts with Clever Hans, which is another example of my point. Machines, even organic ones like our brains, are not magically able to know objective reality, and the failure itself isn't idiocy — the rate of failure (and things like metecognition about the possibility of failure) is (at last part of) the intelligence-idiocy spectrum. I'm in a similar situation in the UK, however in my case it's mocking Trump and being outraged about Brexit (other than the BBC, Brexit outrage/derision is omnipresent regardless of if the news site or story author is pro or anti). Unfortunately, I can't look to local news, because that's either "goose removed from river Cam after attacking cyclist" or "parking in car park now more expensive than fine for parking illegally". And those are both genuine stories. Duolingo is certainly how I got into it, both because it has a course and because {Esperanto makes learning languages easier and Duolingo has a lot of interesting languages to learn}. That said, I feel the Duolingo courses in general don't have enough content, and the Esperanto course seems to be on the short side even then. 12 months? Perhaps for taxis and private hire vehicles, but not for the population as a whole. In the first year, perhaps 10% penetration, but more likely 2-5%, as for most it will be a premium feature. I'd say 5-10 years for normal models to get full self driving capability. Sadly, the Brexit outrange is different on each side: the Remain outrage is at perceived incompetence by the UK government, while the Leave outrage was directed first at Remainers and now at the EU. Given the tone of discourse, I am increasingly concerned about the possibility of a literal civil war in the UK — although not sufficiently concerned to think it unavoidable at this stage. Why would guest worker policies increase margins? Software is pretty much the easiest type of work to offshore, and if the businesses do that they don't have to pay wages sufficient to live in San Francisco. Nothing, except your time. Your time, and the crude attempt to model what you consider to be worthy of your time, so that people with money can waste it in just the right way to make you do what they want you to do — watch an ad, buy a product, vote for a policy. If that's all you use it for, you are a rarity. Of course, every example you just gave can also be done with email, and email doesn't hide things from you just because seeing them means you spend less time using email. After three zero-value share options schemes in a row (two ran out of money, the third is still going but doesn't look like it'll ever be publicly traded), I now regard share options as worth less than the time it takes to sign the paperwork. When I have wanted to do the things you gave as examples, email wasn't merely practical, it was superior to Facebook. One of my A.I. related fears is that creating consciousness is really easy to do by accident (like Turing Completeness) and really easy for humans to fail recognise when it's in an easily-Othered body (far too many examples, sadly), and that as a result we won't find out until after billions of conscience A.I.s have been unintentionally mistreated. I also worry that consciousness may be present in many more speices than I bother to make an effort to not kill, and not to allow to be killed by others to provide me with indirect benefits. Thanks! I've installed it on my tablet, and it seems good. :) I have accidentally stumbled on a solution to 1., if nobody knows how to copy a SIM: I have an eleven year old Blackberry — full keyboard, not T9, and both new enough to be using the 3G network and so old nobody maintains distracting apps for it. I can even, despite its age, use it to make a WiFi hotspot so my development phone with no credit can go online when I'm outdoors. All boats, except for the ones with holes in them. And some of those boats don't look like they can handle stormy weather… At current exchange rates, $20 will provide 39 days worth of food to someone in the UK (assuming the only thing they care about it calories and not vitamins, as this is the Tesco Value Digestive Biscuits Diet — I have no idea if homeless people would eat like that). Amongst many other reasons, because stuff like that 'manifesto' actively harms Google by harming a significant minority of their employees who might, if nothing was done about it, leave the industry because it was the last straw after a lifetime of harassment and devaluation. Black Swans are the error rate of your predictions (the real error rather than your prediction of your error rate) not existential proof that prediction is always doomed. After all, if Black Swans were common enough to make prediction a fool's errand most of the time, the bird of that name would never have led to the book of that name, because everyone would be predicting their failure to predict things . They don't needs to, they're just more cost-effective if they do. For now, anway — sufficiently cheap future photovoltaics could well be cheaper than the cost of adding a tilt (already cheaper than adding a sun tracker, which is why grid-scale solar plants don't track the sun) That's certainly one type of Black Swan. Taleb's example of that sort of thing being a Turkey predicting they will be fed (because that is what happened every other day of their life) but who is actually slaughtered. However, it is not the only type. There is also the stock market, which demonstrates major unpredictability every few years, but which can also be approximated the same way between each of the Black Swans. (And they keep being Black Swans because the gap between them is large enough for people to convince themselves that "This time it's different, this time n̵o̵b̵o̵d̵y̵ ̵w̵i̵l̵l̵ ̵h̵a̵v̵e̵ ̵t̵o̵ ̵b̵e̵ ̵n̵a̵i̵l̵e̵d̵ ̵t̵o̵ ̵a̵n̵y̵t̵h̵i̵n̵g̵ growth will be eternal!") Edit: Point is, it generalises as how wrong you are in your predictions, and the closer your estimate of your error rate is to your actual error rate, the better your model is. That's certainly a first step, but I doubt it's a full solution. What's the phrase, "dog whistles" for phrases and keywords that only a target audience would understand? I will literally never choose to watch a disturbing but real event. War crimes, either in the form of documenting them or promoting them, will be flagged as "people like Ben never click on previews of this video, don't waste time suggesting it to them in future". I won't even get as far as the page the flag button is on, never mind any other options. Only insofar as the system is there to make me spend more time watching videos; it does nothing to help categorise or identify propoganda that isn't targeted at me. You say we can't tolerate even a single one getting through, but… what would a war look like between Russia and the USA if there were no nukes? Sure, a conventional war would never be as bad as 7,000 nukes, but one? Seven? Seven hundred? I expect conventional munitions would likely be better targeted, simply out of necessity, so the difference would be smaller than the ratio of TNT-equivalents. I've been there. Verbal agreement to substitute most of my usual pay for three months in exchange for shares, only that part of the agreement wasn't written down, the shares never came, and when the three months ended the CEO was shocked, shocked , by the significantly higher invoice. Fortunately, I had written proof that I'd told them this was going to happen (the bottom of the previous invoice), so I did get paid, but I never did see those shares. Shares are a gamble anyway, and if the CEO doesn't read invoices I don't see them lasting very long — I don't loose sleep over this mistake, just use it as a lesson for the future. He may be able to argue that the statement is not a threat, merely a statement of fact. Saying: > my only way to get paid is by selling zero-day exploits for people who want to attack Aeternity. could seem like a Mafia goon saying "nice shop, shame if something happened to it" but it can also be read as "it's terrible that the employer has shafted the employee so hard there are no lawful ways for the employee to get paid". The reward is not having someone put you on the hook for unlimited fines by, for example, filing taxes for you with a credit card number as you annual income. If you were leading NK, and your options were either 1) step down and probably get put on trial and die in prison for warcrimes, or 2) have an insufficient army and be hanged or die in a sewerpipe like Hussein or Gaddafi, or 3) have a really good army that will allow you to conquer enough farmland and natural resources to stave off 1 and 2, and possibly make any attempt to put you back in your box a phyric victory, which would you choose? "Sewer pipe" was the story that got in the news I saw. > just want to get their grubby hand in those poor companies I find it fascinating that such emotive language is used. Taxation is pretty much the least "grubby" hand a government has (military: give us all your stuff, legislature: do all our work for us, we will tell you what we think adequate compensation is); and these companies are not only not poor, they are among the richest on the planet and they got almost all of that wealth this century. But why won't anyone think of those poor, starving, unemployed, multi billion dollar international corporations? :P I view tax codes like buggy software, lawful tax minimisation like zero day exploits — only difference is that the law is not above itself, so if the tax loophole is legal, then it's legal. That said, just because something is legal doesn't make it moral, but even though I think we agree on that, I'd have to argue loopholes are totally in the domain of legislators to fix — if I understand correctly, UK law requires tax payers to report any minimisation schemes they are party to. Does that have teeth? I don't know, but it's a thought. I hear it too often from people who say it in earnest, sorry. :) Pretty much. I view corporations as non-human intelligences, so while it's totally unethical for a human to manipulate the law to their own ends, it's also something I expect corporations to perceive as acceptable, in as much as that makes sense (they will not shun each other for it) and in much the way we humans generally agree it's wrong to kill but we don't shun people for amputations or appendectomies. This is why I prefer democratic corporations, rare as they are, to pure capitalist ones — at least the metaphorical appendix has a vote. > you would be hard pressed to exploit a billion of them at the same time. Really? A billion automated orders for something, followed by the banking system having a metaphorical heart attack and either cancelling lots of/all cards (breaking normal usage until the card printers can catch up), or few/no cards (and risking further, directly exploitable, fraud)? Sounds like a potent way to successful fight a nation-state from a coffee shop. I think github already has… If windows can be built to survive it, so can PV. Might be prohibitively expensive, but wouldn't a potentially sacrificial layer of plastic or wire reinforced glass a few cm above the PV panels suffice? Humans do post-hoc rationalisation for whatever acts they perform and emotional states they experience; I expect Kids These Days have biases in those directions that they may ultimately justify in ways like that, even if the real reason is, say, a general expectation in the last year of highschol that you have three to four more years to go before being an adult instead of just zero to one. Silly perhaps, but fair. Humans break on tribal lines at the drop of a hat/naqib/dreadlock, and the genes for height in the above example could easily be replaced with the genes for melanin production, where each of presence and absence of the latter has funky social effects that vary from place to place. Going back to the story, gender is, in humans, a complicated mess. Probably is in other species too (it's not just male dogs who try to hump your leg… although is that a sign of trans male dogs or just reusing an existing behaviour for multiple situations, the female canine behavioural equivalent of male nipples?) Yes, some things happen for a clear reason, but sometimes the reason is "that's not a harmful mutation". Step 1: purchase, borrow, or steal enough hash power to reach 51% for a short while Step 2: use this power to force enough transactions to make yourself rich enough to keep 51% power indefinitely Step 3: profit Which is sufficient to allow you to do what I suggested. Spend coin once on paying for everything, and again on yourself to keep all the money to spend again later. The location and the sexuality. When Sweden voted to outlaw the latter, a Swedish friend of mine revealed he had lost his virginity that way years earlier. Without passing absolute moral judgement (pro or con) on either type of human-bovine interaction, I cannot see how the latter is relatively worse than the former, which is why his revelation caused me to attempt veganism for a bit (I failed, vegan cheese is no substitute for the real thing). On the other hand, it’s exactly what I wouldn’t say if I was building an interplanetary colony ship. Not if I thought it had any realistic chance of success, anyway. Nuclear propulsion would make colonisation much more practical, much safer, and return trips much cheaper. I wonder why it does not happen, given that terrorist attacks in general do occur. Great policing, or do the bad guys just lack imagination? Hoping for the former, but if I were a civil servant I’d want to assume the latter and plan for surprise imagination. My gut feeling says a set of open AI challenges, where the work is “train to solve this with accuracy > $difficultyParameter”, and the proof is something that both tests the accuracy of the work, and (if this idea is even possible) demonstrates that it wasn’t over-fitting/memorising. Has the average person heard of 4-chan? If they had, would they understand it as anything different to Facebook, which they seem to trust, or the comments section under a news story, ditto? People don’t know what accurate and trustworthy looks like. Even when things are labeled as fiction, they can have an effect - Scotish Independence became more popular when the film “Braveheart” was released, while Islamophobia went up after “American Sniper” was released. Or am I just repeating plausible but fictional urban legends that I’ve mistaken for reality? In the absence of a working fusion reactor, everything is necessarily speculative. That said, going from chemical to nuclear propulsion is estimated to reduce round-trip times from ~600 days (you have to wait at Mars for the orbits to realign), to 30 days. This is roughly the difference between an 1881 steamliner from London to Syndey, and a 747. That is as irrelevant as it is correct. Yes, humans speculate, but we shouldn’t be amplifying our known cognitive biases by presenting wild speculation (let alone 4-chan) as if were authoritative truth. I may not be a lawyer, but gifts of $5k to induce someone to purchase a thing for their workplace feels like it should count as corruption and bribery. If someone tried to do that to me, I’d report the attempt to the company lawyer, and I’d doubt the quality of the thing they were selling was as good as the quality of the thing the other poster was advertising. My memory of implementing COPPA compliance a decade ago was that DOB was an implicit requirement, the explicit requirement being “confirm they’re over 13; a checkbox isn’t good enough because they’ll clearly just lie.” (paraphrased, not quoted). There is a similar law in the UK: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_Protection_Act_1998 Which itself is based on an EU directive: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_Protection_Directive This is to be replaced with an updated version between now and Brexit (that’s just going to add to the fun!): https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Data_Protection_Regu... Some rights, but not all rights. You cannot (in any country I am aware of) contract away your right to life, nor turn yourself into a slave in exchange for your debts being forgiven. The latter used to be possible, if I understand serfdom correctly. Question is, should data rights be alienable or inalienable? Difficult to say. My mental framing has, as a result of my previous post, become “be suspicious”. Every system is flawed. Even within a single nation, a salary of £26,000 is great if you live in Aberystwyth, a struggle if you live in London. If I’m ever in a position to be worth anyone trying to bribe me, I’ll try to make sure nobody is in a position to threaten me like that. Fortunately for me, I don’t control any budgets. Going from $1.25/person/day to $3/person/day might do nothing for you in Manhattan, but in Nairobi it makes the difference between a shack in a shanty town in the first instance, and indoor plumbing, locked doors, and an electricity supply in the second. Source: I’ve visited a home in Nairobi whose rent was in the order of $1,000 per year including bills , and housing 4 people. 400,000 is a 40% error on a population of 80 million with a life expectancy of 80 years. Unless 45% of recent asylum seekers were 6 years old, or unless 40% of 6 year olds emigrated (I don’t know which way the error went), that is too large a surprise to be so easily forgiven. Ordinarily I would agree. However, this is Musk, and both SpaceX and Tesla have made progress beyond what most commentors have thought reasonable when the first press releases went out. I’d guess a 10%-30% chance SpaceX is already Skunkworks-ing some form of atomic rocket, either fusion or fission. Edit: and yes, that estimate is despite the public comments. I don’t want to sound like I’m a fan of coal, but coal died in the UK before it became uneconomical: the coal miners went on strike for long enough that the government made it a strategic goal to never let striking workers be politically relevant again. They (or, rather, the software they connect to) are holding me back from precisely that. If there was no social media, the novel I’m writing would have been done a year ago. I’m actively seeking ways to block those sites, precisely in order to take responsibility. Also, the population is higher now than ever before, as is the literacy rate. Both of these independently increase production of books. I’m teetotal, so I only go to the pub to socialise. That in turn requires several friends to want to go at the same time. TV, fortunely for me, is not something I find addictive. I don’t own a TV, and the number of shows I care about seeing online or with friends is, on average, about 1h per week. Reading more novels would be a good thing for me at this point. Long-form prose requires focus for several hours; exactly the mental state I want to have. Same reason people eat candy and happy meals, get fat and die young of an obesity induced heart attack. It’s rubbish, but rubbish which makes you feel good when you consume it and miss it when you don’t. Fortunately PCs make it easy to block websites. #hosts file 0.0.0.0 twitter.com 0.0.0.0 facebook.com etc. No idea. UK games company, so UK data protection act also applied, which I think actually forbids retaining any more than strictly necessary. The massively disruptive translation that completely overthrew the existing social orders worldwide, allowing a few small European nations to conquer most of the world and force an unwanted drugs trade on what had, for several thousand years previously, been the world superpower? The transition which directly to the rise of both communism and capitalism as viable nation-scale forms of government? Sure, humans will go on (unless we nuke outselves), but that doesn’t mean it will be easy or fun to live through if we just presume it’ll all be fine. I’ve just been listening to that. It’s remarkable how much AI can already do, compared to the limits assumed in the story. For me, social media does use all available mental resources. I timed “a quick look at twitter“ once, and when I looked at the clock after what felt like 5 minuets, I found I’d spent 40 minutes absorbed in irrelevant minutae. I can’t tell you a single tweet I read in that time. That’s not a priori , that’s given X, this follows . Had the dominant race been, say, Chinese, had the dominant sex been women, there is no reason to think the sexist and racist people would be behaving any differently than they are now. We still need to stop the racists and sexists. My personal short-term benefit from being in the “right” group comes at the hidden cost of 96.75%* of the world not being treated fairly or given tools that genuinely help them. * 6.25% of humans are “white”, according to wikipedia Disagree. Fight the problem at every level you encounter it. If startups are begging for more women, universities won’t be able to tolerate students or staff who discourage women from applying and/or finish their degrees. Because they provide a valuable insight that is currently being systematically ignored, which can allow businesses to meaningful engage with and provide useful services to a currently poorly serviced market segment. All of my teams, at at least one point during my time there, had zero women in them. One of the teams eventually had two women, but at that point six of the men shared a name with another team member. “don’t go to them” would only work if they weren’t problematically addictive in the first place . I am using all the easy technological tricks I know, at least the ones that don’t actively prevent me getting a job (found a better iOS content blocker since last message): After this novel is done, my intention is to go back to being an iOS developer, so I need to rearrange my brain to not care about the social sacharin soda that is every comment section with a voting mechanism and many without — cold turkey in my position would be like giving a minor drug addict (dopamine is totally a drug) a job finding drug dealers, with no oversight . What I need, and have no idea how to achieve, is to stop caring what text on the internet says . If I could do that, I wouldn’t even feel a need to respond to you, I certainly wouldn’t feel this strange and unhelpful “arg, why don’t they understand!” anger-lite that tells me to not even try to be better by deleting this reply. Now, if you have any suggestions based on psychology , I’m interested. I know too little about psychology to rewrite my mind to be the person I want to be. I believe that was the problem. One of the stories of WW1 was a soldier explaining that a machine gun could kill enemy soldiers indefinitely if it had ammo, but the gunner had to stop for the sight of human dead. KillBot doesn’t need to stop. KillBot can read your body language. KillBot knows if you’re loyal to Supreme Leader. KillBot doesn’t care if your death makes you a martyr, all that does is add a few dozen more targets to KillBot’s naughty list. Let’s not have KillBot. Which is great, unless your robots have any bugs that allow remote takeovers. How frequent are root-giving zero-day bugs at the moment? If these robots can move, not even “requires physical access” will save you from the Zombie Robot Apocalypse. I believe the original story didn’t bother with the specifics of machine gun logistics and maintenance as it wasn’t the relevant point. They aren’t directly comparable. You ship a truckload of PV and once installed it keeps providing daytime power without further delivery; you ship a battery to somwhere with PV and that power can now be made in the day and used at night, every day/night for a few years. Even without batteries, shipping PV will at least keep the freezers cold (and food fresh). Ask Equifax, they “didn’t need” to store as much as they did, let alone in plain text. Perhaps it’s useful for, oh, making sure two people aren’t signing up with the same information . Other problems include: * Social security numbers are explicitly not ID numbers * Not all Americans have social security numbers * Even if they did, Americans are about 5% of world population * Not everyone on the internet gets post (say hi to Nairobi, where addresses of relatively rich locals may be “$Name, third on the left behind the petrol station on the highway”, while poorer people have homes that don’t officially exist on roads that don’t officially exist. Some of these people rely on mobile phones for payments, as banks don’t care. * Not everyone has an ID certificate or card or passport or driving license to provide, and if they did, why not just skip the middle man and ask for that directly like AirBnB (and every international airline I’ve used) does? Or your bank account, like PayPal does — after all, a bank will certify your ID* (* they probably don’t all, and even if they did, not all people have bank accounts) Basically, ID is not a perfectly certifiable thing, so you need to design systems to accommodate failure — even if we actually solved it in theory, all it takes is one criminal finding one implementation flaw and a system that assumed perfection would allow grand exploitation. It’s one of those irregular verbs, isn’t it? I pass on my values, you tell fairytales, they indoctrinate their young. I suspect the only reason the US government lets Americans think the second amendment would enable the population to forcibly remove an undesirable government, is because the weapons and strategic/tactical/leadership skills of the population are vastly out-classed by the armed forces. What good is a semi-automatic against a supersonic jet that just fired an air-to-ground missile in your direction? Plenty of AK-47s in Afghanistan, they don’t even take on subsonic drones effectively. What is the fundamental difference between a colony and any other patch of territory? Those who wanted to stay would (I suspect) also believe that the referendum was illegal, as per the court order saying so. Why bother showing up to an illegal referendum, especially when the very fact of it being illegal means no result can be trusted as accurate? The cynic in me says “because humans are like that”. For example, one elected UKIP official expected the EU to pay for a road in the UK after brexit. Wouldn’t be surprised if either Spain or Catalonia now acts confused when someone puts an armed customs inspector on the border roads between them. “Almost impossible“ isn’t good enough. “Almost impossible” is why two women in Floria have the same SSN: born the same day, same state, almost the same name (Joanna and Joannie Rivera), and why they were not even the example I had in mind when I googled for a similar story I’d heard a decade earlier. And if your goal is just “is this a human or a machine?”, well, let me introduce you to the idea of identity theft , and why people stole all that data from Equifax. The only way to tell humans and bots apart is some form of automated Turing test, hence C ompletely A utomated P ublic T uring test to tell C omputers and H umans A part. Yes, I am. While people displaced by a colony are obviously disadvantaged, the colony itself and its residents are not. Genocide isn’t the alternative but rather the escalation in the hypothetical where the 2nd Amendment is relevant. The US does have nukes, after all. How about: * I am religious, you are holier-than-thou, they are extremist fundamentalists * I am sexually experienced, you are kinky, they are being charged under section 70 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 * I write self-documenting code, you need more comments, their code is unreadable Neither do I, but the US doesn’t currently have any serious independence movements and last time it did things went very badly indeed. That would be far too sensible. I mean this: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-38153180 Which seems to refer to this: http://gov.wales/topics/transport/roads/schemes/m4/corridor-... Which is currently “planned” and won’t start until next summer at the earliest. It was. The BBC reports he wanted to explore the “Trans-European highways fund” to pay through the Republic of Ireland.