Exactly. CELT at 2.5kbit/sec: http://myrandomnode.dyndns.org:8080/~gmaxwell/celt/16k_60ms_... So sure, CELT can be coerced to run at obnoxiously low rates— it's far more flexible than MP3 in this regard, every frame size which is an integer number of bytes greater than 8 or so should more or less work (and it should use every bit effectively). This doesn't mean that it'll actually be useful at very low rates. 32kbps is about the limit for 20ms frames where things really start to come apart and everything starts sounding pretty poor. The CELT _decoder_ is more computationally complex than you might guess. We started the design in 2007, and the decoder is pretty comparable to MP3 or Vorbis decoding (though requiring a _lot_ less memory). Using substantially less CPU than that, if there was quality to be gained would have been a sin. So although the overall design is nice and simple— we use a number of 'more optimal' techniques which are decent CPU sinks. E.g. Everything is range coded (so we're not constrained to coding things with probabilities of the 1/2^n form) and we use high dimensionality vector quantization. The encoder, however, doesn't need a psy-model at all nor does the current one have much of a psy-model (it has some simple hacks for a couple psycho-acoustic tweaks, but nothing too complex) Reasonable perceptual performance is implicit in the format. This means that a good CELT encoder can be much faster than, say, a good vorbis encoder. On the subject of DSP stimulating curiosity, checkout http://www.xiph.org/video/ FWIW, mono at32kbit/sec is fairly close to stereo at 64. (Of course, there is some joint coding gain from stereo— but stereo's wost case is just as bad as 2x mono and it's the often the worst cases that limit the quality). For example, mono speech at 32kbit/sec: https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.orig.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.MP3.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.vorbis.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.CELT.wav The SILK+CELT hybrid does better still, but even CELT alone is still fairly useful at lower rates. Whats the point of paying for MPEG-LA's license for AVC if doing so doesn't actually make the format legal to use? Both sides are saying (if not expressly then implied) that their licensing technique is believed to be enough, but they can't promise absolute protection. This isn't the case. See the HP and MPEG-LA testimony before the FTC. The pool agreement isn't exclusive. The members are free to license their patents through other venues, including cross licensing. In fact, one of the points MPEG-LA made in their initial review letter with the DOJ is that he pool would not be used to force anyone to pay for a license to a patent which they were already licensed for some other means. So a pool member only has to pay royalties iff they've been unable to achieve complete cross-licensing with the other pool members. I'm interested in knowing where you get this idea what H.265 won't be subject to patent royalties? FreeBSD MD5 is pretty strong— Its randomly salted and runs 1000 iterations of MD5. None of MD5's weaknesses are especially relevant in this context. The most important thing is the how slow it is, and it's likely that if they'd taken defaults bcrypt would actually have been faster. The saddest thing is that many of the people howling about MD5 are proposing weaker alternatives like straight SHA-512 with a static "salt" embedded in the source code. In fact, MTGOX almost deployed such a replacement in their upgrade until they were cluesticked by people screaming to not invent you own cryptographic functions. You appear to be advancing a sweat of the brow ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweat_of_the_brow ) theory of copyright— a view which is rejected by US law (the law in other places may be different). See Bridgeman v. Corel for an excellent example. Of course, I don't begrudge people who scan the ability to get paid for their work. But there are a great many ways to get paid which do not involve forever robbing from the public domain (because, of course, if they are able they will simply keep updating their scanned copies while locking the public away from the originals). And yet Wikipedia manages to do so without charging $19/article. :) Even for historic scanned books, e.g. http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:William_Blake,_a_crit... Likewise, archive.org does as well. I expect these papers will eventually end up in both these places. Maybe. http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/golan-v-holder/ Probably you don't understand where the line is because no one else is quite sure either. Most of the underlying information on Google Maps is public domain—road locations and physical features of the terrain are all uncopyrightable facts. What they claim copyright to are the map visuals: the particular style of drawing the maps, and the photographs they took. (though perhaps even that is debatable, since the photography is a robotic process) You should be able to take the Google data and extract everything uncopyrightable from it to draw your own maps. (And if you're interested in public maps, you should see the OpenStreetMap project.) But say you want to include some of the other things on Google Maps--place markers for hotels and restaurants, for example. Any one of them is an uncopyrightable fact: that's where it is. But what if you choose to mark the same collection of the same sorts of things that Google has marked--are you infringing on their copyright in the selection? The more you can make an argument that there was some original thought in the selection the harder it is to tell. US law is pretty clear on plain facts being ineligible for copyright, even if it took work ("sweat of the brow") to compile them. But copyright in things like collections of data is much less clear. No, just not stupid enough to write the oppositions briefs for them. But really, you don't need to be a genius to obtain large collections of scientific papers. Many people have them— its a prerequisite for doing meta-analysis for example. The distinction here is making them available to the general public. They don't do full text search on these articles. None of your links are working for me. The only things in archive.org right now appear to be a half dozen issues from the mid-1800s. It's perhaps easier to go the other way. Can you find this online? "Description of the Brain of Mr. Charles Babbage" T1 - Description of the Brain of Mr. Charles Babbage, F.R.S JF - Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London. Series B, Containing Papers of a Biological Character (1896-1934) VL - 200 SP - 117 EP - 131 PY - 1909/01/01/ UR - http://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rstb.1909.0003 M3 - doi:10.1098/rstb.1909.0003 AU - Horsley, V. This isn't true. There are several kinds of built in upgradeablility. First, the relevant structures have version identifiers, so new clients could operate on a mixed network without problems (though with the new features disabled) and continue to parse old messages. Secondly, all bitcoin transactions are governed by small programs written in the transactions (called scripts). Many of the scripting OP codes are 'reserved' and treated as NO-OP by the clients today. If a vulnerability was found in ECDSA and we needed to migrate off it fast— You could write transactions which require a (say) lamport signature PLUS an ECDSA signature.. and encode the lamport signature requirement in script as a NO-OP (e.g. one of the no-ops gets redefined a 'check lamport signature'). Old clients will ignore that requirement and consider the txn good if the ECC key was good, new clients will validate it. The network could run mixed for a long time, though transactions sent and received by old clients wouldn't enjoy the improved security. The script mechanism doesn't let you upgrade everything, e.g. you can't change the hash used for the proof of work or merkle tree that way... but that aspect of the usage is the most robust against attack. E.g. Bitcoin would still be acceptably secure if MD5 were used in the POW as well studied functions tend to fail fairly slowly with attacks becoming more powerful gradually. For those things you're left with the alert... and even there the system can use indicators in coinbase to have mining nodes vote on when to activate the change. Because no one mining would be left on the old network clients that didn't upgrade would just see transaction processing stop, not a significant split. It's arguably unethical to mention solidcoin and link to their PR material without at least a little word of warning: Solidcoin is not a decentralized system like bitcoin. Every other block must be mined by one of several trusted parties. This has advantages and disadvantages. (Because there are only a few bitcoin clients and only one popular one bitcoin has some centralization problems too, but it's not really comparable) The solidcoin trusted parties have used this ability to change the rules of the system substantially on the users. E.g. the payout per block was recently reduced from 32 SC to 5 SC. Users could not disagree by simply refusing to "upgrade" because the trusted parties stopped issuing blocks on the old network. There is a bunch of other funny business as well. Do your research. You laptop has a _hardware_ H.264 decoder? What laptop is that? GPU shader code != hardware. And LLVM was bootstrapped by using GCC as the front end before clang was written to replace it. The freedom to combine with another program _temporarily_ while you bootstrap something better improves productivity significantly. And the world before GCC had a great many commercial compilers. Many of the crap. GCC replaced almost all the crap ones, so that only free compilers and a few commercial compilers that were good enough to offer something over GCC existed. Where do you get no prior contact from? The fact that SolidCoin had stripped the copyright notices from the fails and were fraudulently claiming to have rewritten everything (as part of their process of closing access to Solidcoin and putting it under a restrictive license) was a popular discussion subject on the AltChains forum and had come up multiple times. They also apparently violate the Berkley DB license. And you believe it? Why? Google for solidcoin copyright. You can see the posts on bitcoin talk _months ago_ talking about this. Looking for myself, it appears that they still haven't fixed the copyright notices. The file cited on the github page still has the mentioned code with nothing but a copyright notice by solidcoin. And if there is no issue they could simply file a DMCA counternotice and get everything put back up. No. This really is not the case. The article _specifically_ addresses this misconception. The signal reproduced from your 44.1kHz sampled digital input is not a stair-step like some broken waveform editor might display: On output it goes through a matched reconstruction filter (which may, in fact, be digital and involve an oversampled DAC or it could be analog though those are harder to build without compromise). After the reconstruction filter the output is _EXACT_, assuming the input only contained energy below the nyquist (well, and was sufficiently far away from the reconstruction lowpass). So even a 5khz sine wave is reproduced perfectly with 44.1kHz sampling. Yes, thats basically it. They do this _exceptionally_ well in fact. Typically the technique used inside DAC is to digitally upsample the signal (by duplicating samples, often to a few MHz— also allowing them to use a low bit-depth DAC) then it applies a very sharp "perfect" digital filter to cut it right to the proper passband (half the sampling rate). The analog output then contains only a tiny amount of ultrasonic aliasing which is so far out that it's easily rolled off by simple induction in the output. This isn't just theory. Here is a wav file I made at a 1kHz sampling rate, where every other sample is -.25/.25: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-sampled.wav (so a 500Hz tone, the highest you can represent with 1kHz sampling). Feeding that file to a boring resampler (I used SSRC, but anything should give roughly the same result— a least when not quite so ridiculously close to nyquist, most will attenuate near-nyquist data extensively) and get this: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-sampled-to-48khz.wav Here are the two signals plotted against each other: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-to-48khz.png As you can see— the 500Hz sinewave is reconstructed perfectly. (Of course, a 500Hz square wave would not be (you'd get a sinewave out) but this is because a 500Hz square wave contains energy far beyond the nyquist of 1kHz sampling). Here is a spectrograph of the same signal http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-to-48khz-spec.png showing that the tone is indeed pure (the faint background noise is the dither the resampler applies when requantizing its high precision intermediate format back to 16 bits). First, if you can "hear the steepness" you really can hear higher frequencies, but I assume you meant "maybe you can hear higher frequencies but not higher frequency _tones_"... People have suggested this. It's been tested in rigorous double blind tests— involving both real music signals as well as special test tones (Linked from the article). The tests were unable to show that people could hear the ultrasonics. Moreover, there isn't any physiological basis to expect people to be able to. You can't expect a stronger result than that. Common 48KHz audio already goes a bit beyond what adults are known to be able to hear, so you've already got some headroom for "but what if a few people hear better than anyone the researchers have been able to find!". Audio tweaker with hacker leanings but without carpentry skills? Start your engines: http://drc-fir.sourceforge.net/ Not somewhat unusual. A one of a kind specimen. If you test this and hear something, it's almost certainly because the ultrasonic signal is being distorted by your amplifier and speakers and you're hearing distortion products that are ending up at frequencies you can hear. Indeed, but if there were non-linearies in the ear (there are many, of course) which allowed detection of ultrasonics (less likely, because the first stage of the ear is impressively linear) you'd expect them to show up in the actual listening tests. The TFA does at least make this the-proof-is-in-the-pudding point somewhere in its depths. :) 16 bits is not "very limiting" for anything, unless you think your ears themselves are very limiting. Many things are mastered poorly— recording engineers crushing the dynamics in order to get the loudest possible signals— mostly a problem for pop music, but nothing is immune. It's been observed that the various 'higher-definition' recordings have less brutal mastering— no doubt owing to the different audience they are marketed to. But this isn't a property of 24-bit vs 16-bit distribution. To avoid the trouble of digging up the link: http://www.davidgriesinger.com/intermod.ppt Slides 29-35 address this point. Acoustic "beat tones" aren't "real" tones— you hear them because of non-linearies in the ear-brain system, but you have to hear the initial tones first. (Well, unless you're talking >>130dB SPL levels where the air starts becoming non-linear, but then lower frequency recording would capture it fine) If you could hear subharmonic beats from ultrasonics then it would be _very_ easy to demonstrate, alas. They don't— the air is linear (except at insane sound pressures) so there is no interference. While the ear is not linear, it doesn't respond at those frequencies. If it really worked that way it would be trivial to demonstrate. Alas, it doesn't. Alas, they don't— you can easily demonstrate this for yourself. Startup an audio editor and generate tones at 25k and 28k (make sure you can't hear them— otherwise you have severe distortion screwing up your test) then play both at once. You will not hear a 3kHz tone. The tone you get from an acoustic beat is not a real tone— it's a perceptual quark that requires you to be able to hear the tones in the first place. Not unless you pass them through a non-linear filter like a distortion effect. (yes, the ear-brain system is non-linear too— but apparently it filters out the ultrasonics before they do anything measurable in this regard) Yea, and and if the bandwidth/storage is at all an issue 6x size bloat from 24/192 pays for 6 separated tracks. (Actually more, because multitrack is more losslessly compressible while 24/192 is less). If you're already providing multitrack then 24 bit audio would make sense... otherwise, meh. This isn't true. Sample a bandlimited impulse. The exact timing is encoded into the gibbs oscillations of the signal. So long as you have a high enough SNR you can have timing as precise as you want. (and because the ear doesn't work with ultrasonics— it is itself bandlimited— it uses the same phenomena for timing) This is the core secret of the sampling theorem. It says if you have signals of a particular type (bandlimited) you can do a certain kind of interpolation and recover the original exactly. This is no more surprising than the fact that you can recover the coefficients for an N degree polynomial using any N points on it, though the computation is easier. It turns out that if you reproduce a digital signal using stair steps you get an infinite number of harmonics— but _all_ of them are above the nyquist frequency. The frequencies below the nyquist are undisturbed. Then you apply a lowpass filter to the signal to remove these harmonics— after all, we said at the start that the signal was bandlimited— you get the original back unmolested. Because analog filters are kinda sucky (and because converters with high bit depth aren't very linear), modern ADCs and DACs are oversampling— they internally resample the signal to a few MHz and apply those reconstruction filters digitally with stupidly high precision. Then they only need a very simple analog filter to cope with their much higher frequency sampling. It uses energy to do so— just like a heat pump can heat your home with greater output than electrical input, but not no electrical input. The more exciting detail is that computation itself doesn't increase entropy, at least not if reversible computing is use. Only errors or, rather, their correction do... So things may be more rosy than you might guess: http://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/9908043 You probably know this, but for people that don't— "They are" is the wrong pairing. The subsidy halves every 210,000 blocks (~4 years) as part of the innate core rules of the system enforced by every participant. So it would be more accurate to say "They cut" (past tense as this was established years ago), or "The system will" (no human actor). Also it looks like the halving will be early December to late November. (The block number is fixed, not the time, and because the difficult updates lag rapid increases/decreases in computing power can shift the date around a bit) The bitcoin system adapts itself to keep the rate of coin creation constant. So it's impossible to say what their return will be in the future. Perhaps a few monts later someone puts out a run of 28nm ASICS at 1/4 the price with 4x the performance and they're bought in massive waves. You mean 3372% interest— The 7% number is _per-week_. Measuring the point where something becomes perceptually lossless is quite difficult because, by definition, you're measuring at the bounds of perceptibility. In terms of simple objective measures (e.g. the masking weighed SNR, http://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/NMR.v.c.l.png ) Opus does better than Vorbis (and AAC) at high rates too. Between that and the overall better time domain performance, my _expectation_ is that Opus can become perceptually lossless at lower rates, but this is hard to validate. Getting the lowest possible average perceptual lossless rate is also a product of the encoder having a good psymodel, and released opus encoders have pretty much no explicit psymodel at all (but still manage to be competitive). So this reduces the interest in doing a bunch of very difficulty listening tests to determine the exact perceptually-lossless points, since they'll likely go down with near term encoder improvements. The IETF datatracker link is pretty useless. Pretty much anyone can make any claim they want there and there is no way to remove it. Its just a statement collector, not a review. Most of the results returned are against old versions of the specification, too. Thats a conversation from two years ago... But whats scary about it? What maintenance are you looking to perform on it? Thats code from the inner loop of the algebraic codebook decoder. Its operation is explained by a 117 line long comment in the source, and by a page long description of a simplified algorithm in the spec. Beyond replacing it with an alternative implementation which would naturally have nothing in common there isn't much to maintain in it (and that code itself has been proven correct through exhaustive testing as well as the partially-exhaustive unit tests for it included with the codec). Most of the codec doesn't look like that. Though it's not all easy to read— e.g. a lot of the signal processing stuff is intermediated by macros so that it works for both fixed point and floating point. And if you don't like it then, by all means, write your own. Having more interoperable implementations would be great. Most formats don't give you a BSD licensed reference implementation. ::shrugs:: I want to be really tall like a giraffe. I guess I'll go eat the leaves from the tops of the trees. Nothing is 'hidden'— the image is a stitched panorama from many smaller images, and they didn't (yet?) transfer some of the images which only cover the rover, presumably because looking at the rover is scientifically uninteresting. The black areas are just the boundaries of the missing images. The StorJ example mentioned at the top is pretty interesting: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=53855.msg642768#msg6... It's not resilient to such a thing. If you think _anything_ widely used can be, you are woefully underestimating the power of a modern major state. This isn't a question about technology; as much as the geeks love to obsess over it. Technology is just one part. Non-technology attacks are simply much more powerful. E.g. "Anyone caught using Bitcoin will be executed on the spot by large caliber fire from attack helicopters flying far enough away that you can't see or hear them targeting you", and suddenly Bitcoin is only some obscure and irrelevant thing— even outlaws have no use for outlaw 'money'. There is no question of _ability_ to suppress it, only a question of sufficient motivation. And motivation is where it comes up short. Bitcoin is just another thing people can barter. Not different from beanie babies or lumps of coal, and it shouldn't be legally or politically different. This whole weird concept of something being unlawful until proven otherwise must be some kind of crazy fallout from the drug and copyright wars, and I fear that thinking will greatly harm society in the long run. If Bitcoin turns out to be an efficient 'money' then sane and efficient governments should support it: because a more efficient money will make everyone more prosperous. Some people love to feel all counter-culture and subversive with their hobbies, but as disruptive a technology Bitcoin is it's just not politically disruptive. Most of the few establishment risks that go along with Bitcoin apply doubly to cash, the others apply to other valuable commodities that goverments can't just create out of thin air. The motivation to attack just isn't there. Er. Something doesn't have to be a _currency_ to report capital gains on them! http://www.irs.gov/publications/p550/ch04.html#en_US_2011_pu... "For the most part, everything you own and use for personal purposes, pleasure, or investment is a capital asset. Some examples are: [...] Any property you own is a capital asset, except the following noncapital assets." The definition of 'valid' is adapted by the system so that on a long term average the rate of new solutions is one per ten minutes. (The mental model of 'brute force a valid hash' is often unhelpful. Most people think of "given Y find a specific X such that H(X)=Y", Bitcoin is more like "Given P,B,T find any X,Y such that H(Time||P||H(B||X)||Y) Bitcoin mining is stochastic, and for a given current difficult each calculation performed by anyone has an equal very small probability of being a solution. Like throwing dice and trying to get a 1. If Alice mines 10x faster than Bob then Alice will find, on average, 10x more solutions. The widespread use of a money like thing _can't_ be undetectable by its very nature. If you have to keep it between trusted parties it's not money, it's hawala. :) They should do this anyways. It's well known to the technical elite that dragnet surveillance is going on— but it's not known to the general public. It's arguably immoral that the site doesn't switch to https by default and give the public the privacy they think they already have. As you say, some of the parties engaging in the drags absolutely do have the capability. But not all and stopping them has value. More importantly: A man in the middle attack is _highly_ detectable and will leave irrefutable evidence when detected. So it can only be used secretly if it's used very sparingly. And highly overt interception, if its even tolerated by the public, at least solves the problem of people having no idea (being in denial) they're being watched. Moreover, because MITM can be defeated by de-trusting the rogue CA or via key pinning using it for "mere" surveillance would destroy a valuable and potent weapon, so they won't do it. It simply isn't suitable for dragnet use. Its also practically much more costly to scale. (E.g. instead of passive optical taps and cheap packet sampling for targeting they must fully intercept all the traffic and decrypt/reencrypt before they even know if its "interesting") Simply making the watchers have to spend a lot more money per unit of traffic monitored is a win for civil rights because it should result in more conservative use of the capability. Without the crypto the surveillance is maximally cheap and undetectable... anything is an improvement even if it can still be compromised. It really isn't. It's only "zero" because you're greatly overestimating the cost of intercepting the traffic at all. To do dragnet surveillance you need an optical tap, an expensive phy, and a fairly modest number of gates to apply a stateless filter purely from onchip memory to capture 100% of interesting flows and grab some small fraction of all other traffic, and some modest switch fabric to carry captured data to a modest amount of storage and processing to deal with it. Programmed correctly commodity network processors for switches have all the right logic already, we're talking in the Adding a MITM attack on top of the model used for dragnet surveillance currently, which involves intercepting 100% of the potentially interesting traffic at all times, performing a costly public key operation per every single connection, and then reencrypting the results is insanely expensive by comparison. Before you even get killed by the crypto costs you've long since run out of memory bandwidth. Unfortunately Wikipedia chose to go with a separate cluster for SSL. If they ran SSL on their normal front end then it would already scale up to this: The public key crypto is free on hyperthreaded cpus because it can run currently with memory accesses for other requests, and modern CPUs have harware accel for the symmetric crypto that make it ~free. gah. _in_expensive phy. ESR isn't arguing that you shouldn't be able to license your things however you like. He's arguing that creative commons should not promote a license which has surprising negative risks and that they shouldn't associate their brand with a license which is bad for society compare to the most likely alternatives. Come on, it's only 45kloc. Do you go around insisting every non-trivial piece of software on hacker news is encumbered? And in most those cases people were not making a special effort to avoid being effectively encumbered, while Opus was. Right. This is the advantage of the IETF's patent policy, and it's one of the reasons we wanted to do this work in the context of the IETF. Yes, it's absolutely made for that, which is one of the reasons it has extreme bitrate and frame size agility. Though the decoder doesn't have a back channel to the encoder as part of the format (e.g. a duplex pair is not at all coupled by the codec and could have entirely different settings). So if you want to do rate adaptation the application will have to take care of telling the encoder that the decoder is struggling/losing frames/etc. The codec also includes a pretty good packet loss concealer integrated, and can also use forward error correction to reduce the impact of loss. It's actually in Firefox 15, not just nightly. People on Reddit are saying chrome's position has reversed but I don't have a link. Works in Opera already if you have gstreamer's opus plugin, and they've apparently said they'll ship it. The courts determine the applicability of single patents, or a single parties patents (e.g. in cases of misconduct). There is no legal process that can prove something non-infringing, unless you expect something to go to court millions of times. But this doesn't mean that something can't be designed in a way which avoids all known, and much unknown risk, and licensed in a way which makes frivolous attack less likely. The obsessives here somes forget that when we talk about comparing things what matters is the relative merits. The commercial codes are absolutely and uncertainly encumbered. And the commercial codec providers have generally had a poor track record of creating codecs unencumbered by third party rights (mostly because they don't make an effort to: they erroneously assume the regular royalties will satisfy all comers). Opus doesn't have these issues and even compared to most software an effort was made to avoid infringement, but nothing can escape the impossibility of absolute certainty under the current patent system. Mixed feelings here: * Knowing what the machine is doing is useful and important, especially while debugging. I think every really good C coder I know has been comfortable with assembly at least on some platform. But… * C is not a fancy macro assembler. C's behavior drives an abstract machine, and any machine code that achieves the same output assuming that all the C behavior is defined is equally valid. The believe that compiler is just transliterating your code to ASM is responsible for many serious bugs. C Compilers haven't been like that for 20 years (or more). E.g. aliasing rule violations. The fact that it isn't is utterly essential for performance, especially as things like good SIMD use become more critical for performance. Even when the compiler is mostly transliterating the expectations from the simplified mental machine model can be misleading, e.g. alignment requirements on load on some architectures. > There's no other site where I can talk and keep up with my grandparents, my college roommate, and my girlfriend simultaneously. 'Necrophiliac bestiality, of course! How else am I to screw my food while I eat it?' If these people mean something to you, then you should be able to find the time to have adequate direct person to person communication with them instead of broadcasting to them and your closest 600 best buds. If they don't— then why care? I certainly believe that you find Facebook useful, but don't overstate it. People have had friendships long before there was a friend button. > If a space faring species encounters non-space faring species, the one with warp is probably (not necessary) in the better position. I read a fun science fiction novella once about a interstellar space faring species that invented their warpdrive whatchamacallit before their industrial revolution, no electricity, machines, etc. Flying medieval space galleons. And they were going about successfully conquering a bunch of similar or more primitive species. Then they encountered 20th century earth... Wish I could remember the darn name. The journals do not provide the peer reviewers, it's _peer_ review after all. The reviewers are more unpaid academics. The journal's involvement is running an automated submission system that passes draft publications between authors and reviewers, and maintaining a list of reviewers (mostly built from previously published authors). Some journals have paid editorial staff however, that do useful things like copyediting. In exchange, the public has to pay $15-$30/ea (or whatever, it depends on the journal and field) for access to your papers; probably forever. It's a rent seeking industry that would make even the the music recording companies blush. Yes, they do some useful facilitation, but it's not commensurate with the (completely externalized) cost. It would have been funnier if the flaws in the reviewers arguments were a little more subtle, but this would have required the author to actually _read_ the papers he was criticizing. Even a bad reviewer that only skimmed half of the papers would have not made the errors in these reviews (e.g. saying things were unaddressed which were section headings in the original)... (1) Write webpage for people to 'safely' type their passwords in. (2) Replace Javascript (3) Profit! (Bonus: Give iffy password advice at the same time— "correct horse stapler battery" is only good if you're sure the attacker can't do a billion net-attempts per second. ... this tool tells you a random 128 bit long sequence of "a" "time" is insecure) My moves since I was a teenager were, by distance— 150mi, 10mi, 2mi, 3mi, 2mi, 400mi, 800mi, 2400mi. My nearest family member (other than my partner) lives 2500 miles away. Perhaps when you're a bit older you'll know that such condescension usually just makes you look silly? :P Facebook is not endowed with some unique magical distance busting power. Telephone, Email, IM, public websites, and postal mail all work over long distances just as well. Right— it was a gonzo commentary on the kind of justify-anything fallacious reasoning that comes imposing a mix of arbitrary constraints. "My helo-elephant is the _only_ peanut powered mode of transportation with automatic mouse avoidance!" True, perhaps, but when someone asks why you need a helo-elephant it's often not informative to just say what it does with more words... they're often looking for you to justify why you need to do those things (or do those things at once). Gets a few facts wrong— E.g. the maximum block size is 1MB not 10MB, and there is no facility to increase it without replacing all the software—it's as fundamentally hard to change as the supply of coins because it's also a scarcity which is essential to the security of the system. (without it, the system would rapidly become centralized as miners produced enormous blocks taking every single with-fee transaction; and then no one but miners could afford the computational, storage, and network costs of validating the gigantic blocks; nor would there be reason to pay substantive transaction fees to fund security). Overall it's pretty good. Inspired by the space cadet: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/xmodmap.txt Capslock is left control; left control is greek (gets the two sets of alternative characters listed in the file). task button is compose. I guess I can see how they could control for differential access to preventative care resulting in ER visits with worse outcomes, or dilution by people with insurance visiting the ER with less serious problems... Even how they could control for early treatment in an ambulance vs a drive in. But I'm interested in how they controlled for hesitance to go in the first place delaying treatment? Same condition, but you spent an extra half hour deliberating before going. They didn't have ambulances in your cousin's town? In particular, I find it odd that it seems rather more controversial than pumping much much larger quantities of CO2 into the air. I've seen many kinds of H1B employment. People with excellent skills and experience being paid competitive wages, people with reasonable skills being exploited at low wages at the clear expense of locals, and people who were hardly qualified to warm a seat being pulled in to pad up some contract as cheaply as possible. As usually when you paint with broad strokes you cover some dissimilar surfaces. But at the core the employment market is about supply and demand. Increases in supply relative to some demand decreases what a rational party will pay. It doesn't matter how kind, qualified, equally paid, etc. The increase in supply weakens the employees negotiating position. Are the employees entitled to the 'artificial' supply limitation created by national boundaries? Is it socially beneficial to reduce those barriers? Do increases in supply protect the industry and leave all employees better off in the long run and cause little harm because the demand is already so great? What policy decisions can mitigate the harm and maximize the benefits? These are interesting questions. But I don't think there is any real room to question if H1B's— no matter how well managed— harm employees short to medium term financial interests. This is good news— the rpi is really an embarrassing system. It is shockingly slow compared to other small arm systems clock per clock. A lot of people seem to be trying things on it that would be fine on almost any other arm SBC but fail on rpi… There are many alternatives which are much faster but none are within a factor of two of the rpi's price, so people keep buying the rpi and walking away disappointed. uhhh. You mean like shuf -n NNNN ? Well— it's supposed to halve forever, but it runs out of precision eventually. I expect the moon to be made of green cheese. ... GPU mining is still fairly profitable with the half reward for ~most people (those who don't have electricity over $.15/kwh or so). My expectation is that the difficulty is currently lower than its proper equilibrium because people have opted to not purchase more GPUs while anticipating the introduction of ASIC devices. Some useful arguments but the sarcasm isn't needed… And it belittles some of the complicated arguments such as: If you develop to the test, the test will always pass— but that doesn't mean that your software is any good. Loosely coupled development and testing can result in the tests being more powerful proxies for overall quality. > I assume archive.org has done their homework here, but IANAL. Bad assumption. Archive.org plays fast and loose with copyright law, to quote Brewster Kahle "Who's going to sue a library?" Leverage is a _return_ multiplier, including a _negative return_ multiplier. Another way of putting it is that leverage is a risk multipler. As an investment single family homes are not particularly attractive, a mortgage may or may not make sense depending on the terms, risk tolerance, and the expected market behavior... but it's really only the inherent shelter-short you suffer that makes a mortgage interesting in most cases. (Because that short is what makes not owning a home also risky) (%i1) float(solve(sum(y*1.08^x,x,0,25)=1500000,y)); (%o1) [y = 18760.69004076126] Rasing 1.5M in non-inflation adjusted dollars in 25 years requires saving only about $1563/mo. It's quite possible that they did better with their leveraged housing purchase than they could have otherwise since they needed housing anyways... but they were fortunate to be in a location that went up in demand, many places barely kept up with inflation. But raising 1.5M in 25 years is no astounding feat on its own. I've personally saved more than 1/3rd of my _pretax_ income over the past 14 years. Does that count? People don't talk in public about their finances very much, so I don't know about other people. Especially because when people realize you have healthy savings they start asking for 'loans'. Perhaps that is another benefit of owning an expensive house: it's a way to stash away value that less thrifty friends and family won't mistake for free money that you can give them. The long term housing values are net positive, yes, but not relative e.g. to the broad stock market. The fact that housing can be a "great passive way for people to save for retirement." is largely because they already need housing, which was part of the article. I wasn't stating that the prior poster's figures were correct... just pointing out that the 1.5m figure isn't that impressive and that achieving that depended on historically atypical appreciation, and that it could have gone the other way. I don't think there is any failure there: - You are inherently short the hypothetical minimum shelter requirement home— this is your future housing obligation. - You may also be long a highly correlated actual home asset. Appreciation of the latter is not beneficial to you when it is matched by the former. This means, for example, that you should think carefully before obtaining a HELOC against "appreciation" because you can have paper appreciation while staying equal or actually becoming worse off relative to your future obligations. There is an unfortunate flipside to this— people who show up with ALL CAPS demands, proclaiming your incompetence, because of some missing functionality that they believe to be so obvious but can't seem to completely explain on their own. The best way to respond to that is to politely request what you need and then ignore if they won't be helpful. ... but humans don't always respond in the best way: Another possible response is to respond harshly and critically in order to generate a hierarchy: "I am not here to serve you. Your patches may be accepted if it suits my fancy.". Neither extreme of being high and mighty nor of allowing people to simply abuse you is ideal. If it's (3) saying in _zero_ harm then it's almost certantly a lie ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_no-threshold_model ), if it's a (3) saying the harm is very low and so it wins on cost benefit — well, that is possible but it seems really unlikely considering how insanely low the base rate of terrorism is, much less the subset of attacks which the scanners actually prevent (vs just shuffling around the attack mechanisms). I'd hoped that rust would have a lot of powerful tools for typing and exposing invariants and contracts— tools to help create provably reliable software. As sexy as new programming tools are, the big problem in software today is that we simply can't manage the complexity of it and as a result _everything_ is full of bugs and unintended behavior. Addon layers like ACSL are hard to use and messy because they work at odds with the language, instead, e.g. of being integrated with the typesystem. I was hopeful that rust could really advance the art here in the context of practically usable systems (vs academic toys) and I suppose it does, but it also lost features for formal analysis between versions and as its now becoming stable I suppose they won't return. Perhaps I missed where it was explained— but I don't see how rust enforces the type predicates (e.g. acquire vs wait state) there without typestate. But the polar opposite where companies like qualcomm are aggressively patenting techniques their employees 'contribute' to LLVM/CLANG with nary a suggestion of offering licensing that makes it lawful for anyone to use... thats okay? What the FSF does has its costs and limitations, but when the mobile patent war spreads to LLVM and renders it unusable except in the underground and by a few large patent mongers, we'll be thankful for the FSF's licensing stewardship on GCC and the rest of the GNU projects. >rather, all the good methods of compression are being hoarded by patent trolls Nah, that is simply untrue. Theora was designed in the late _90s_ and targets a different computational envelope than AVC— it's pretty darn good compared to MPEG-2 (or even MPEG4 part-2/DivX) which are more contemporary. Today there is a much large computational budget available, plus new experience and understanding. The folks working on H.265 have already been producing material ( http://phenix.int-evry.fr/jct/doc_end_user/documents/10_Stoc... ) to counter the belief that you must have hardware accelerators for video decoding. And they have a point: the _screen_, radio, etc. ( http://www.ietf.org/mail-archive/web/rtcweb/current/msg03785... ) of most mobile devices is already using something like 90+% of the power, so even in the impossible case that hardware accelerators make decode itself use no power they can't make that much of a battery life difference, so long as the device was fast enough to decode in the first place. And this trend will only continue as devices becomes faster and process shrinks lower the computing per joule. But it's amusing to see some of the same people arguing that hardware accelerators were _must have_ are now arguing the opposite now that its their latest format which is suffering for the lack of them. It won't be in "webm" because WebM is a very narrowly defined profile of MKV+Vorbis+VP8 (which is important for compatibility), and Google already made a decision to not use Opus in "WebM" to avoid confusion. Perhaps you instead meant MKV? (now responding to the comment on frames/MP3) Yes. That is an issue for MKV with Opus. The problem is that the MKV container has no mechanism to signal a stream level or seeking level preroll other than just having frame boundaries. With Opus you need to seek several frames back and decode forward (not just a single frame) in order to converge. This isn't unique to Opus: Various video formats can be encoded with rolling intra (e.g. H.264) a mode which is useful for conferencing because it avoids fat keyframes. Since the movie 'backup' scene doesn't encode this way the mkv ecosystem's solution to these sorts of streams appears to be, so far, to fail to seek in them. I'm sure it will get worked out eventually. > they can keep the licensing costs for H.264 and its successors down. It's easy to speculate that if H.264 were the only game in town it would probably be more expensive That isn't even a very speculative speculation. The release of Vorbis triggered clear drops in the MP3 licensing costs— at a time when there seemed to be no other reason to drop the prices. Strategically, one major methods of success for royalty free codecs is simply to keep driving the— otherwise monopoly-class— profits out of the non-free codec space. They don't have to be the #1 choice to achieve this, just enough of a threat with enough installed base that the marginal cost of switching is kept low enough to present a real ceiling on the price of the non-free stuff. (Though the wider the adoption and the more competitive the harder and lower the price ceiling it creates) Especially once you factor in all the disadvantages royalty bearing codecs have: Overheads from profit motivated engineering decisions, the need to constantly cannibalize the last generations revenue stream to keep the installed base on the 20-year patent expiration hamster wheel, the non-trivial base of users that just want something that works and is easy to integrate who don't like having to apply and pay for licenses and track and report usage quantities, etc… it's pretty clear that the RF side will eventually win this fight so long as they keep cracking away at it. The only real question is how long and how many billions extra will the public pay before we get to that eventual outcome. > Perhaps if you are a Theora developer (or know one), you can clarify. I am a Theora and Opus developer, although I'm not exactly sure what clarification you'd like. I can tell you that in my codec experience the patents have seldom (never?) been a major direct barrier to progress by precluding an essential technique... By their nature they tend to not absolutely foreclose anything except outright copying a technique— and even then only in a specific context, and video coding and signal processing are old enough and mathematical enough that the basics are unpatentable. (Keep in mind— the patent office does not believe it allows patenting pure mathematics, their definition of "does not" and "pure mathematics" and mine may not agree, but their evil is finite and thus surmountable) The impediment from patents seems to most often take the form having to spend time and effort in patent research and negotiations, not being sure that you can just implement some randomly discovered research, erroneously discarding some useful techniques which could be used but isn't worth the effort to clear, and the cost of spending time with attorneys teaching them enough codec engineering— or, frankly, spending time correcting misconceptions on the Internet— rather than coding. Or in short, _A patent_ is almost never a big problem for a designer, but _the patent system_ wastes a lot of effort by creating big largely non-engineering overheads that sap engineers time and energy. The system also complicates or discourages cooperation by creating odd business motivations and incentives to be secretive (especially about defense strategies). But the non-free codecs suffer from some of these costs and pressures too— plus additional ones like arguing over which winners and losers get their techniques in the format and thus a share of the fees (and access to cross licensing). This mess also exists just as much outside of media codecs. But the enforcement is less active— I suspect partially because codecs are unusually attractive to monetize due to network effects (switching is MUCH more expensive) and because they make nice attorney-understandable atomic units of infringement that map to visible features. "I own h264, you have h264. Pay up!" works better than "I own computing the absolute value by this series of bit operations. You may or may not do this, I can't tell because of your obfuscated binary. Pay up! Maybe?". The network effect also makes very narrow patents more useful— it's much easier to write a patent that reads on implementations of H.264 (a single format with a fairly exact specification) than one that reads on any format similar to H.264. Very narrow patents are less costly to obtain and enforce (Less risk of invalidation), and the network effect says that you must implement H.264 not almost-H.264 so they are no less good at extracting royalties. But no one really cares if their kernel uses xor-linked-lists or not, and it's usually no compatibility problem to switch if someone starts making threatening noises. If you were thinking of Jason Garrett-Glaser's early technical analysis of VP8, I don't think he was saying quite what you walked away with... but it's also important to note that Jason didn't (at least at the time) have substantial video coding experience outside of his work on x264 (and some related things in ffmpeg), and didn't have substantial experience working with patents, and had never been involved in a RF codec effort of any kind (including the ones attempted in MPEG). He's "just" a particularly brilliant guy that came in writing assembly code like a force of nature and made x264 much better. To the extent that he could have been emitting the impression that everything in video is patented he would have been just repeating the not-very-well-informed conventional wisdom. Patent infringement is all about the fine details— so even a patent expert's off-the-cuff comments are going to be somewhat useless. I'd take Jason's thoughts on the latency of PAVGW as the word of God, codec patents, when he'd not even looked at the involved patents? meh. Later revisions of his analysis substantially softened some the remarks, but few people went back to read them. (I recall that I was especially amused by some of the things he derided as being 'unnecessary', as I thought I had a reasonable guess which patents Google/On2 had been specifically dodging). > a bit slower The rpi is far more than a bit slower, more than the cores and clock counts imply. The pi is a slower microarch and is cache deprived too. For somethings this doesn't matter but many of those things should probably be done on a proper microcontroller. The odroid stuff appears to have a lot of users too, and these devices are less 'weird' than the rpi— they're more like the pandaboard and beagleboard— so there are less sharp edges to figure out. The site is down now, so I haven't seen the article— but I hope it just says "(1) give up and beg the author for their implementation, which undoubtedly contains 2 megabytes of opaque unmentioned magic constants." Except that the access fees paid by any single large university would be enough to completely fund an open digital archive. Yes, the fees are paid to the publishers— who themselves do not pay the authors, reviewers, and even (sometimes) the editors of the journals. As part of the NYC non-profit high society Jstor is far from the most efficient non profit— but their fault is not their inefficient spending and high salaries. Their fault is facilitating a system which is amoral and harmful to society. Absent Jstor the universities and libraries would have an easier time reforming the system because writing a single big check per quarter wouldn't remove most of their problems (while leaving everyone outside of those institutions without access). It was Carmen Ortiz who was responsible for the unjust overzealous prosecution of Aaron Swartz which ultimately contributed to his death. Carmen Ortiz's blind ambition has caused her to run roughshod over people's freedom in the past: http://thephoenix.com/Boston/news/141253-15th-annual-muzzle-... We can only discourage the over-zealousness of prosecutors by making sure that it becomes a career limiting move instead of a career advancing one. Lessig was kind enough in his writeup to not name names: http://lessig.tumblr.com/post/40347463044/prosecutor-as-bull... but this kindness is both undeserved and unwise. Carmen thinks big convictions will get her a federal judgeship or other appointment. The public needs to make sure this isn't the case. Also applicable: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/remove-united-stat... JSTOR has happily allows publishers to restrict documents which are lawfully in the public domain and over which the publishers have no say except via the TOS they clipwrap you with when you try to access them. Excusing JSTOR is like saying "Hate the game, not the players". While JSTOR isn't doing everything in their power to fix this broken system I say: Hate the game _and_ the players. The law already is what it needs to be. JSTOR has limited access— and continues to do so through their terms of services— access to even old documents which are already lawfully in the public domain. Read along side: http://thephoenix.com/Boston/news/141253-15th-annual-muzzle-... You couldn't a week ago. This isn't some accident. Their openness comes hard won with threats of their reputation. Their digitization is largely done by a for-profit company. It's not competitively bid. There are many parties who would digitize these works at no cost— archive.org and google for example, and could afford to do it without pay walling the results. In the US the metadata is almost certainly not copyrightable, no matter how laborious its creation was. A work must be creative to be copyrightable, and mere facts are not as a matter of law. > Many are the result of partial or complete university funding. The universities are not paid by the journals, — quite the opposite: they pay handsomely for access the work of their own researchers. Sadly, coercive plea deals are the norm in the US, especially in Federal cases. It's the same most places, but it doesn't have to be that way: http://digitalcommons.law.yale.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?artic... These are federal documents, they're not related to a living person, and there is no more case/investigation. Presumably they should be available to a FOIA request. Has anyone requested them? What he's missing is that he seems to think this is unique to gaming or tech news. It's not. I've worked with 'Journalists' from prestigious institutions like the New York times and the New Yorker, and it's little better. Collect some dirt, regurgitate some quotables with a little polish, copy some "facts" from Wikipedia (without attribution, ensuring that Wikipedia eventually cites the crap news article for non-factual facts), and we're off to the races. H.265 will 'add' a bit more than ten years of life to the encumbrance, so in that regard it is worse. The competitive pressure of RF formats against H.264 drove the licensing fees _very_ low (with many use-cases made no cost, but even the w/ fee cases are basically 1/10th the AAC royalty rates). H.265 looks like it will have many more patent holders too. But it will likely be several years before there exists an even incomplete H.265 pool license, so it may be a while to see how much worse (or better) the rates are compared to H.264. There is no shortage of laws against criminal conspiracy and contributing acts which are applicable for the scenario you describe... but they charge the property instead of the person because the property doesn't have civil rights and so the states' burden is much lower. Civil forfeiture is outright evil. Wink and nod arms-length crime can be handled without it. No, because the government attempted a civil forfeiture. See also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just-world_hypothesis No pity required— that man doesn't exist. If people actually thought that way they'd be disabused of the notion after the first few counterexamples they encounter. Just-world, like other stereotyping biases is so insidious because the mistaken belief starts with the truth: "The government is usually right, so it's (very likely) right in this case (and the rightness justifies the outcome)". You can, perhaps, debate the "usually" but that misses the point: In terms of _justice_ and human rights it is improper and immoral to reason using coarse prior probabilities: You should be no more likely to convict a black person because statistically black people commit more crimes, people should be judged on their own merits. The underlying fallacy in many instance of just-world is the mistaken belief the its proper to apply your belief that the world is generally just to a specific case of potential injustice. So there is no dissonance for most— they think "well, I always believed the government was only usually right. No one is perfect, and see— the system worked!". That Wikipedia article appears to have been whitewashed. So much for justice. Testing with a single not very representative clip is a poor idea, See the comment on the github: https://gist.github.com/4645784#comment-756444 Because of texture this clip benefits enormously from 8x8 transforms (as well as substantially from an activity masking aware encoder). On an intra frame in prior testing Theora did enormously better than VP8 on this clip for these reasons. If your test was to compare an intraframe between vp8 / baseline h264 / and Theora, you would have concluded Theora was the best by a wide margin. But this would be an erroneous conclusion. And sure, perhaps you'd get the same result on other clips. Over high-profile H264 the only obvious format feature that come to mind that could really let VP8 get ahead are the 'truemotion' intra-predictor and creative use of the synthetic reference frame (though I suppose the vp8 developers might have other suggestions) and I'd expect those features to only be big wins on a small number of clips so it wouldn't be hard to miss the cases where VP8 really shines over high profile h264. But you (or I) could have said that without doing the test at all, and there would be 100% fewer clueless people going around claiming that something was proven here that wasn't. Your opinion (or mine) is a fine thing, but it's not proper to launder an opinion as fact by dressing it up in an inadequate test. > pessimistic arrogance [...] > Self-esteem, needless to say, was definitely not Aaron’s problem. Probably the first comments I've seen about Aaron since his death that rang true to me as someone who'd interacted with him. :P :( But sometimes the arrogance and self-importance is just a shield that hides something more fragile on the inside. After hearing about his suicide, I'd just taken that to be the case. > While I can empathize both with academics who might either want to monetize their research or those who might want to make it freely available to all—the choice, ideally, should be the authors’ It's unfortunate to see that the author here wrote in such length about a subject that he is obviously pretty clueless about. The authors of academic publication do not receive royalties for their publications, peer reviewers are— likewise, unpaid peers—, as are many (though not all) journal editors. None of the people responsible for creating these works are getting paid. Their only choice in this process is the choice to publish with established and prestigious journals. The journals are what put up the paywalls— but in the US they don't have a lawful copyright interest in the works. You've misunderstood that defintion. Economically speaking fiat is a currency that exists by rulemaking instead of having an inherent value— it's constructed. The definition doesn't say who does the constructing or how. Bitcoin is a fiat currency— the fiat is embedded in the software that runs on and is enforced by all the Bitcoin nodes, it's the rules that make the currency exist and work. It's largely immutable, participated with by consent, transparent, and cryptographically strong in the way no government fiat is— bit it is technically a fiat currency. This is no big deal unless you make the Internet-liberitarian/goldbug mistake of thinking fiat is a dirty word. That is confused. If I smash the hope diamond and then get the pope and four world leaders to urinate on it— then surely the resulting mush would be the most rare and costly constructed substance on earth. It would also be worthless. You're making the mistake of consulting a medium writable by throngs of InternetLibertarians™. :P There is nothing inherent in the economic concept of a fiat currency of government. What is a law or a government in any case? Bitcoin is created by rules. The rules are embedded in a program instead of a law-book. The governed users opt in by using the software rather than by living in some geography. The rules are enforced by being mathematically unbreakable rather than with courts and prisons. These factors alone shouldn't be especially significant, other than that they make Bitcoin more just and efficient. > and splitting it is ad-hoc patchwork What are you talking about here? > The network was obviously not designed for such a thing Are you talking about Section 7 "Reclaiming Disk Space" and section 8 "Simplified Payment Verification" in the initial design document, which have a profound influence on the design— as Bitcoin uses a hash tree to aggregate transactions instead of just a simple hash in order to accommodate those design features? > There is still no easy integration method with extant payment systems. Unfortunately existing online payment systems are highly reversible for months after the transaction completes. This is problematic for many kinds of merchants and it's one of the reasons that digital goods sales on the Internet have mostly been a failure outside of a few special marketplaces. > In many cases you must supply a lot of personal documentation to do anything meaningful on the exchanges. This is common anti-money laundering law conformance— same thing you deal with w/ paypal... not exactly a limitation of Bitcoin. > The system of block verification makes it impossible to do truly instantaneous transfers. Nothing requires you to do payments in Bitcoin by directly transacting on the Bitcoin network. Scalability and speed require that not all transactions are made directly— likewise, the USD is a dumb piece of paper that can't be sent over electronic networks... and yet the USD is a widely used currency. You can do instant transaction trivially in Bitcoin, e.g. using mtgox codes and less centralized systems can be built if anyone cares. > The system is vulnerable to 51%+ attacks. Can you suggest any currency or system of agreement that doesn't have an analogous weakness? At least in the context of Bitcoin the things a majority hashpower attacker can do are strictly limited: they can reorder transactions (and only recent ones unless they are a very big supermajority). Compare this to a government created currency which can be inflated boundlessly by a small percentage of the population choosing to mint a trillion dollar 'coin' on a political whim. > single-home GPU farms are going to be enough to compete Mining's rewards are linear. Participants make on average their share of the new coin relative to the computing power they provide to secure the currency. And indeed, it's specialized. Is the USD uncompetitive because printing your own gets you imprisoned or gold uncompetitive because gold mining is hard? Get a job, Kid. It's a currency not a free-money-for-nothing-thing. > Many of the perceived benefits of bitcoin are illusory or misunderstood. Well, that's true of many things. > every transaction ever made with bitcoin is published publicly Not so— a significant fraction of transactions are made off the blockchain, perhaps even a majority. Even within the blockchain the transactions are pseudonymous. > I have "actual reasons" for it. You may, but many of your perceived weaknesses are also illusory or misunderstood. > A currency that doesn't have (at least most of) these issues will be super awesome, and bitcoin is an important predecessor, but it's not the end of the story The most important difference between Bitcoin and your hypothetical perfect digital currency is that Bitcoin exists and it works. Satoshi didn't waste time waxing philosophical on the internet, he shut up and wrote code. If there is one thing you could learn from Bitcoin, this should probably be it. God forbid you want to save the data for personal archival or bulk digital analysis. If they allowed that you might defeat the museums careful control and curation of the data and potentially even use it in ways they don't agree with! :P It's patents, so the terminology has to be confusing! The "First to" is speaking about what happens in an interference proceeding between two patent applicants. What counts as prior art is largely unchanged— it's arguably even strengthened a bit (as a dishonest player could previously get away with more backdating of his lab notebooks). Third party— that is, not derived from the applicant's work— public practice (which is pretty broad, including publication and use in a product available to the public) is an absolute bar to patentablity. After one year the "not derived" part goes away and even the applicants own publication (and work derived from it) constitute prior art. (this was all also the case before, though the details a somewhat subtly different) To quote the statute: (a) NOVELTY; PRIOR ART.—A person shall be entitled to a patent unless— (1) the claimed invention was patented, described in a printed publication, or in public use, on sale, or otherwise available to the public before the effective filing date of the claimed invention; or [...] (b) EXCEPTIONS.— (1) DISCLOSURES MADE 1 YEAR OR LESS BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE FILING DATE OF THE CLAIMED INVENTION.—A disclosure made 1 year or less before the effective filing date of a claimed invention shall not be prior art to the claimed invention under subsection (a)(1) if— (A) the disclosure was made by the inventor or joint inventor or by another who obtained the subject matter disclosed directly or indirectly from the inventor or a joint inventor; or (B) the subject matter disclosed had, before such disclosure, been publicly disclosed by the inventor or a joint inventor or another who obtained the subject matter disclosed directly or indirectly from the inventor or a joint inventor. I don't know how anyone can call it a Bitcoin competitor. Instead of a proof of work decentralized consensus ripple depends on a consensus of _trusted servers_. In Bitcoin language ripple is distributed but not decentralized. Then multiply that out by the fact that its native currency XRP was all pre-created and given to the founders and their org... people like to call Bitcoin a ponzi scheme, but policies like this make me wonder if Ripple isn't a joke designed to point out the comparative equality Bitcoin provides. It might be more accurate to call it a paypal competitor but it retains the Bitcoin scalability challenge of requiring global synchronization, so its unlikely to be a great one. > which is the problem Bitcoin elegantly solved. I like this solution as well. Why do you like it? The ripple model depends on picking trusted servers which cannot be controlled by the same party/common interests. The system cannot automatically pick trusted servers because there is no electronic way to determine independence, except the way that it currently works— fiat of the developers: they hardcode the servers. To me it seems that when encountering the fundamental problem bitcoin solved, "How do you achieve a fair consensus when its cheap to make sibyls?" their response was to completely punt on the issue. They can be useful experimental platforms... also, the fundamental rules of Bitcoin are fixed— changing how Bitcoin works could be rightfully argued as theft from all the people who hold Bitcoin at the current moment. If you wanted something like Bitcoin but with different properties, different security, different inflation— an altcoin is the only way to get it. Unfortunately, practically all altcoins have been almost identical to Bitcoin. > There are simple ways to gather lists of likely independent servers. For example, agencies you trust could publish such lists. This isn't a procedure, it's a hand-wave. How do the agencies make their lists? And why should I trust them? If I can trust the agencies, why don't I just have them process all the transactions and then dispense with the inefficient global consensus stuff? What happens when courts order the agencies to direct people to processors who seize particular funds or block particular traffic? When the agency servers are hacked? https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Hardfork_Wishlist https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/User:Gmaxwell/alt_ideas If you use blockchain.info you're depending on a central server. Might as well use paypal— at least they are regulated. The multibit client is a much better, though still reduced-security, option. The sync comments there are outdated— I installed a new Bitcoin node two days ago and the sync only took about 2 hours from nothing. You've seen the first one, right? http://xiph.org/video/vid1.shtml They take an insane amount of work, so they are slow in coming. This latest one had about 50kloc of code written to build the demo software, animations, and to improve the FOSS video editing software that was used. > Can the converter itself not create the signal incorrectly? Certainly the converter can be bad or malfunctioning... but there is only one bandlimited signal that passes through the sampling points. The ideal behavior is perfect and described by simple (if surprising) math and we can measure any converter against the ideal. It turns out that _very_ good converters— ones with variation from the ideal are at the level of the thermal noise in the electronics— are commonly and cheaply available. There was another chapter of the video that got dropped due to length, the desire to get something shipped, and because the tone didn't quite fit with the rest which compared the performance of a couple of consumer grade DAC/ADCs and basically showed they were all very good. Hopefully it should make its way out as 'bonus material' sometime soon. How does this compare with Mozilla Persona? Persona uses cryptographic tokens so that identity providers can't spy on what sites you're using, and can't selectively deny service to various sites. I think that people should resolutely refuse to use any identity service that doesn't have at least those properties. I'm wondering if you watched the video yet? It spends some time on exactly this point. > as there's so much more that can go wrong Uh. Everything that can go wrong in C can go wrong in C++ by definition. C++ also adds a lot of extra things that can go wrong which don't exist in C. There are plenty of arguments to be made for C++ over C but "so much more that can go wrong in C" is not one of them. The C++ FQA is strongly recommended reading: http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/ There are plenty of malloc alternatives (tcmalloc,jemalloc, etc)— and yet I'm not aware of any that has bothered with a realloc_only_if_you_dont_need_to_move(). I'm not aware of any higher level language construct that reduces to that— where your program flow changes depending on details of the systems memory management. If this were an interesting case, I would have thought someone would have implemented it somewhere. Seems to me that you're making a weird strawman argument there. 0.8 clients were wrong to accept it, because doing so caused a failure of consensus. Unfortunately the limit that was hit (which isn't quite as simple as 'size') was implicit in BDB and how Bitcoin prior to 0.8 used BDB. So no one was aware of it. Extensive testing during 0.8 turned up several consensus breaking issues that were created during the database switch out, and very large blocks were tested... but the particular kind of very large block required to reveal this difference in behavior was not. The fork is now resolved, sites like mtgox should begin processing deposits again after a couple more blocks. Sunlight is the best disinfectant. Aaron's name was released in all the court materials— those of his accusers should be too. One of the most awesome things about this is that there is a tremendous profit reward from diamond consumption brainwashing— so tons of money flows into doing it. Profit available from stopping it? Probably none unless you're going to just replace it with another kind of brainwashing. Often the truth is simply out competed by manipulation in the market because the truth belongs to everyone and can't be monetized well. After seeing my girlfriend's Facebook session plastered with wedding crap and her recently married friend's Facebook plastered with baby crap it became clear to me how potentially harmful to society as a whole this grand brainwashing infrastructure— all of these advertising platforms invading every moment of our lives— we've built is… and I try to stay as far away from it as I can. Because that is all I can do: I certainly can't outspend it. An illicitly copied movie is still fun to watch— even if none of your friends watch illicitly copied movies. Illicit money? Thats _far_ less useful. Money like goods get their value from being accepted as valuable by large numbers of people. It's a simple sequence of opcodes: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Script The code has been thoroughly audited by many people with substantial experience. Finding an important flaw in Bitcoin would be a major feather in any Whitehat's cap, and a major skull on the mantle for any blackhat. Script adds extreme flexibility to Bitcoin, allowing the complete decentralization of services which would otherwise require trusted servers like escrow. It is statically validated and purposefully not turing complete. For extra conservativeness scripts not matching a set of standard forms are ignored by the unmodified reference software until transactions show up in blocks. This is important because its what makes it possible to build other safe distributed transaction systems on top of Bitcoin... it's also what will allow Bitcoin to backwards compatibly upgrade its signing primitives if ECDSA begins looking weak. C not for applications? (or LISP for that matter) A little bias showing there. It depends on how you're defining "executable instructions". There is a small set of operators and a single conditional. No looping, etc. It's strictly less powerful than CSS, for example. The implementation is a very simple loop over a switch with a simple 'stack'. The size of a script has a hard maximum of 10kbytes. Chaum's system was centralized. A chaum token bank may be blinded but is still a great big single central point of failure and control— they can still inflate the currency— they can still selectively deny access. The centralization created a huge operating risk and would make any such effort untrustworthy just from the perspective of political exposure. The whole point of Bitcoin ( http://p2pfoundation.ning.com/forum/topics/bitcoin-open-sour... was to build a zero trust decentralized system. Chaum's system provides some properties "perfectly" but they aren't the properties such a system needed to have in order to exist, much less be successful. Funny how random HN posters seem to have better reading skills than PHD holding paper authors and their peer reviewers. > Some rules, though, are social. For example, why does everyone try to extend the longest branch in the block chain? Sure, the protocol says it's the rule, but why should that mean anything? People don't follow rules because they want to. They follow rules because it's in their enlightened self interest to do so. You're taking a fundamentally confused position here. Consider: You have UberCoin— it is whatever spherical cow cryptocoin. EvilPal(Inc) then forks UberCoin and replaces its insides with a frontend to their EvilPal website (which then also copies in all the UberCoin ledger). By reduction, all digital currency systems are "social rules". It's not a useful description. The longest chain rule is a rule that comes about for creating consensus in the system. If you change it in yours you will eventually break off into a private universe. The behavior actually does work by construction— but like my EvilPal example, that doesn't stop a stupid user from changing their own software to break off into another universe. If you would like a longer formal analysis of the consensus mechanism in Bitcoin please see: https://socrates1024.s3.amazonaws.com/consensus.pdf > the 51% attack, which is pretty serious flaw even if to carry it out is unfeasable There isn't anything magical about the number 51, the original Bitcoin paper gives a program that can be used to compute the success probability for an attacker with a given share of the computing power to reverse transactions to a given depth... At >=50% the probability becomes one but at that point only if the attack is of infinite duration. But, for example an attacker with 40% hashpower can reverse six blocks with a 50% success rate. Any kind of consensus system is going to be vulnerable to a majority attack of some kind— otherwise you'd have "minority imposes a wrong outcome" attacks. At least in Bitcoin the "consensus" only controls transaction ordering: a majority attacker can't inflate the supply or spend other people's coins... they can only DOS and remove transactions from the fixed consensus (and thus replace their own). Which is powerful but still limited. I'm not contradicting myself: In the same comment I wrote "It is statically validated and purposefully not turing complete". There is no contradiction between between being very limited and also allowing extreme flexibility. I don't think many people here would agree that CSS is "executable code", and yet CSS is turing complete and substantially more complicated than Bitcoin's script. This is why I said it depends on what you mean by "executable code". There is nothing that is jumped to, no looping, the processor never jumps to and runs anything fed in off the network, etc. Just a simple set of operations for manipulating a stack and doing comparisons. But, even though the implementation is simple the results are powerful. There are several implementations of script evaluation— I can think of at least 6— now though the reference is by far the norm on full nodes. Yes, indeed. And yet he thoroughly and aggressively misunderstands Bitcoin. They also claim that Bitcoin stores its data in HTML files and other crazy stuff that made it clear that the paper must have somehow passed review on the name alone. Just so— and most sane Bitcoin users hold this position too. It's only a small number of vocal extremists that create unrealistic rants. > "that all Americans are created equal..." Except the ones the executive branch orders to be assassinated: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/05/us-targeted-killing... It's unsurprising that the "SEO" industry is taking gender equality seriously: They obviously wouldn't want to besmirch their reputation for ethical conduct. Ugh. Promotes (or, at least, inadequately rebukes) the bad and common misunderstanding that quantum computing provides a _general_ exponential speedup. It does not. QC is only even theorized to provide a exponential speedup for a few things, for other things QC cannot provide a better than sqrt() speedup (and this is tightly bounded for general non-linear search). I strongly recommend Scott Aaronson's thesis http://www.scottaaronson.com/thesis.pdf for anyone who doesn't want to be made QC-stupid by articles like this. The beginning is interesting and generally accessible as it goes into the details you need to be comfortable with linear algebra to follow along. I'm quite confident that he wouldn't have. There were two small dogs. One red and one blue. One day the red dog found a bone and the blue dog was jealous. The blue dog appealed to the queen and the queen said "spongebob rutabaga" and there was never again a red dog or blue dog. Now you are all as enlightened as I was after reading this story. Will be pretty funny when we get a matching duty for their services thats twice as much as typical salestax. :) https://socrates1024.s3.amazonaws.com/consensus.pdf Not simply "most": "Virtually all". A split that was near 50/50 (e.g. 'most') would be an utterly pessimal outcome, while a 99.9/0.01 split is probably pretty harmless, at least if you talk in terms weighed by some kind of amorphous economic significance. Bitcoin is a distributed consensus algorithm. Software which implements a subtly different algorithm might be able to join the consensus until some case arises which triggers the difference, after that consensus between the implementations would be impossible. Unfortunately, it's rather hard to demonstrate that two dissimilar complex programs actually implement exactly the same function. This is doubly true because performance is very important, so some techniques that might help— e.g. define a kind of abstract turing machine, write the rules for the distributed algorithm in its language, then different implementations use the same rules and only have to prove their turing machine implementation is functionally identical— aren't readily available. It can be hard to gain confidence through testing because some of the most important rules are for cases which are forbidden, so these cases will not show up on the production network— they only happen when an attacker produces them. There are an infinite number (subject to memory, and already the function input is gigabytes of data) of valid and invalid cases, so exhaustive testing of the whole function is not possible. They can also arise out of implicit behavior, "what happens when this value overflows?", "what is the maximum size of this structure", etc. This is further complicated by the fact that Bitcoin implementations use third party code that wasn't written with this kind of must-have-exact-behavior in mind. The reference implementation uses things like OpenSSL's crypto and bignums, various boost data structures, BDB (previously, now leveldb)... and subtle potentially undocumented and unknown behavior from this third party code may be leaking into the definition of the consensus algorithm. The reference implementation has been slowly disentangling these dependencies, but things like the hidden BDB locking limitations (which depend on the layout of the database on disk) are easy to miss. (Third party code isn't just a reference implementation issue, e.g. BitcoinJ's full node code has had algorithm inconsistencies arising out of undocumented behavior in a database library it uses) Satoshi's answer for this was that there should only be one implementation of the full node software. However, "create your own Bitcoin implementation" seems to be the new millennium's "create an IRC client" so it seems that this is unrealistic... and there have been more than a half dozen attempts (including two nearly complete ones in java, two in C, three in C++, one in Haskell, one in erlang, one (two?) in javascript, as well as several non public ones (including one in ruby, I think)). It assumes an anonymous protocol. The identity of the nodes does not matter. > a step towards proving that there will always be a polynomial time attack against such protocols I had considered that to be the definition of a majority consensus. I find it sort of surprising that you'd think otherwise. Lets just assume that some alternative protocol has a property where a an attack with the >50% computing power would be ignored. Then it follows that it would also allow an attack with Even if you dispense with all the crypto-computing-power-mumbo-jumbo: A _consensus_ ultimately depends on linear energy applied to an attack. Lets imagine a magical version of Bitcoin solves the sybil problem completely and counts the consensus of _users_ instead of computing power. China (for example) could reorganize the consensus by spending a lot of energy to manufacturer a lot of additional people. So long as the attacker put in more energy mining people than all the honest participants they'd always eventually win. Short forks happen all the time, it's a natural consequence of the finite speed of light. So long as any divergence is detected and resolved within the window of typical forks (e.g. The natural thing to accept is the history acceptable to most distinct makes of software (least common denominator) which would be the automatically successful one with no intervention at all if not for the extreme consolidation of hashing power on a couple overly large pools. In that particular case it was weird because something like 80% of the public network nodes / users / services were on Whats your leverage? Browse over to about:memory I run nightly and I don't use addons beyond adblock and don't run flash so perhaps my experiences are different, but I haven't had problems with Firefox leaking memory in a couple years. The profiling tools at about:memory may let you see where things are breaking. Thanks, Mr. McCullagh, for doing some actual journalism and not just repeating a rumor. An example of the bids and asks on one exchange: http://bitcoincharts.com/charts/mtgoxUSD/accumulated_orderbo... I'm sure there is truth to an argument that people with 'intense' opinions are over represented in trading activity, leading to increased volatility then there would be otherwise... but this is far from unique to Bitcoin. This is good news: Don't pretend to not be logging something they're actually logging (and, can't really choose not to log since they can be ordered to secretly do so). This has an expedient solution of only making devices which are able to play DRMed media (perhaps with permissive flags), and having all authoring tools use a per-user content creator key. Then the same broadcast encryption keying that allows players to be selectively disable also allows the cracked transcoder to be disabled. Of course, this isn't terribly compatible with general purpose computing but operating systems intended for the public have been moving away from general purpose computing for some time and tables and mobile devices are pretty close to that now. If we go far enough down that path the makers of these handicapped devices can even get legislative help in preventing competition from more user friendly devices by outlawing their sale as was the case for macrovision. Indeed. It doesn't surprise me that the actual freedom available to users wouldn't be important to them, but it surprises me that the Bug#1 would have spoken so clearly about it if they didn't understand the issue. I must confess to giggling at the authors examples of 'signal': > "Lots of signal. Lots of friends becoming parents. > Getting engaged. Couples falling in love. Babies. [...] > Friends and acquaintances off on adventures. Beautiful > mountain photos [...] Family outings. [...] orphanage > a good friend of mine runs in Nepal. [...] updates on > the dog back home on the east coast" All that stuff sounds like the expected output of a random human condition generator. Knowing those things wouldn't change my life at all. I trust that that kind of stuff is happening all on its own without having to take any of my attention. Different strokes for different folks, I suppose. However, I suspect he may be missing the mark because the audience he's addressing with his "just use hide!" may well be like me and find all that stuff inane. 'Use hide to reveal the signal under the noise' doesn't work when there is no signal. Which section of the §215 authorizes this activity? Perhaps it's performance art. They'll have a great big community on a pervasive surveillance platform in order to be personally the first against the wall. Sorry for the wall of text. I think this is a place where the people on Hacker News can actually _do something_ about the surveillance. But bringing in a bunch of unformed yelling people into the IETF won't help. Bringing in a bunch of concerned but informed people _can_ make a difference. But like most things that make a difference it will take a bit more of your time than just clicking a form. This is why decenteralized systems are important. WebRTC itself can be used in an entirely peer to peer manner. Do you foresee CALEA being successfully imposed on open source software (e.g. firefox) where users connect directly to each other without an intermediate server? > I don't think this is correct. You may have adopted a somewhat definition of interception then I was intending there. Certainly it will not prevent traffic analysis but the content of the communication can not be discerned by a computationally bounded adversary under the assumption that the underlying cryptography is secure (and if it isn't... there are bigger issues). Modern cryptography isn't something you just wave CPU power at: the energy required to crack these constructs via brute force on non-reversible computers is not currently available to man kind. > 2) Persona does not prevent against MITM. Persona is, effectively, a distributed PKI system that binds ephemeral signing keys to a human recognizable identity. There is, in fact, a draft on using Persona (or any other cryptographic identity service) to authenticate the WebRTC session IDs: http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-rescorla-rtcweb-generic-idp... but it only protects against server-cooperating MITM if DTLS-SRTP is used and not SDES. > Unfortunately you always need someone in the middle because even in 2013 probably 99.9% of 'things' on the internet are behind NAT Having a signaling intermediary and and ICE/TURN service to get past NAT is completely orthogonal to having ephemerally keyed end-to-end encryption which cannot be tampered with by site controlled JS. With DTLS-SRTP you can have a conversation signaled and NAT traversed by, say, Facebook which cannot be spied on by Facebook without— at a minimum— causing the two endpoints to show and record different session fingerprints making any interception detectable. > This is silly and trying to tie it into the recent NSA revelations is disingenuous [...] (a) will not be enabled by default; the developer would have to enable it explicitly?* ; The point of showing the relationship here is to point out that site/service operators ("The developer") in your example cannot be trusted to not be coerced into acting against the user's interest. > (b) is mainly intended for compatibility with existing SIP systems WebRTC cannot be directly compatible with existing SIP systems because the data transport channel must use ICE to negotiate permission to send. (Otherwise JS bugs on webpage could turn random browsers into traffic flooders. > where the server can do whatever kind of interception it wants by modifying the page JavaScript SDES always sends the cryptographic keys to the signaling service, so the traffic can be undetectably captured. DTLS-SRTP does not make them available at all— even to the JS. So you never get unconditionally undetectable capture— at worst you get is capture which is only detectable by users that bother to page-info->media->session ID and compare. > a downgrade attack Whenever a less secure channel exists you can be forced into using it by blocking the more secure one. In particular, the thread model pointed out by the recent revelations is that the "developer" (site operator) can be secretly acting against the user's best interest. > NSA taking over WebRTC Huh? I wasn't ambiguous about who was pushing it because I wanted to suggest it was some shadowy force. I don't think it particularly matters _who_ is pushing it. I believe that when technology creates backdoors available to third parties those backdoors will eventually be used. As an engineer in this space I believe we can only protect the public by building systems which, to the best of our ability, are structurally immune to being subverted. Various well informed parties ( https://twitter.com/ioerror/status/66237140035579904 ) have been advocating DHE ciphersuites for some time... but they aren't widely used. (Though Google is— now— a major counterexample) If you hold the theory that the traffic is being intercepted and the parties have compromised the TLS keys: The test for complicity is obvious: failing to rotate out the TLS keys, failure to HSTS, and failure to switch to EDH ciphersuites everywhere. These are all moderately 'cheap' steps if you believe you're being compromised in this manner. Yeah, but you'd need a Dynamic Tasking Control Protocol. A big mirror makes a big beam. Some of these warnings start delving a bit too close to "Warning: Competent C programmer detected", ... too eager to flag "less common" usage like the dreaded 'original definition of the insertion operator' rather than specifically targeting things that are genuinely suspicious. A lot of people— sometimes the most technically competent ones— were busily telling them that wholesale surveillance was infeasible... greatly underestimating the available funding and ingenuity. So it was easy to imagine that only a few things were being intercepted: Communications be an amorphous "bad people". A distant problem for someone else. In the mean time digital communications devices, cloud services, social media, etc. have become increasingly central to our lives— mediating more and more of our most private communications and storing our most trusted data. Most of it has built on an architectural house of cards which provides little systemic security beyond "hasn't screwed you yet". The fact that this is happening to _everyone_, that the data is being correlated and stored— perhaps forever— that the argued legal basis of the program itself is cloaked in secrecy, that the public has been denied the ability to question something that potentially impacts the entire world, that the leaders of technology companies that we trust with our most personal data are either clueless or lying— as they make claims that appear to contradict the whitehouse. And now it's becoming clear enough that its harder to say "well, maybe it isn't really happening" (even as you say "which may ver well be fake!)or "the black box rooms are for someone else" and so instead of ignoring it people are being forced to process the information. Some of them feel violated and upset. "Hasn't screwed you yet" is starting to look a little too weak once considered in the sunshine. Not if Mozilla itself doesn't have the data. A major part of the purpose of persona is to build a system that designs out the capability to engage in surveillance against the users. Avoiding the overuse of classification doesn't automatically mean creating a live feed of all troop motion. You're using a strawman argument here, I think. Knowing the location of the troops months or years ago isn't likely to cause much harm: A competent enemy can probably know all that anyway, if they care to. Perhaps not a good mix with all those offshore-for-tax-reasons assets! > Note that these folks have the same college loans to payback This isn't always the case: http://www.studentaid.ed.gov/sites/default/files/public-serv... (At least employees of the ACLU foundation are eligible for loan forgiveness, and $59k is low enough that it would actually matter) The same kind that run third party provided spyware on their personal computers in order to take exams in law school. (In other words: Practically all newly minted attorneys in the US) There is no education in law school in the US at least on responsible data handling, and— in fact— schools often direct students to behave irresponsibly with respect to data security. Sure, the practice is ubiquitous Example software and policies are things like: http://www.exam4.com/ (used by Harvard, George Washington, etc) http://www.law.wisc.edu/help/for_students/securexam/ http://www.law.columbia.edu/academics/registrar/Laptop_Exams https://www.law.umich.edu/currentstudents/registration/exams... Most (all?) schools offer students the ability to take their exams on paper, but doing so is a substantial competitive disadvantage because examinations are usually timed and writing on paper is much slower, students are marked down for legibility and copy-editing noise, etc. I don't have a citation studying it— but by all appearances it's only a small minority of students that opt out of using their laptops. ("Most Stanford Law School students take their examinations on laptops") IIRC the California bar exam now also uses one of these spyware exam packages. I'm mostly amused that we have a whole information-security critical profession who is nearly required to behave negligently wrt information security from day one. :P Overheard on IRC: "Mr Snowden's employer, defence contractor Booz Allen Hamilton, said on Tuesday it had fired the 29-year-old infrastructure analyst for violating its ethics code." … They found out that he had some. You're prohibited from running it in a VM, and at least some law schools have the students sign some form under penalty of the school ethical code yadda yadda that you won't do that. (And then— some students do it anyways, because thats the only way to use it on their otherwise non-supported system or because of some other incompatibility. And nothing comes of it... I guess until something does. Better not make too many enemies) There is also a difference between not having younger people (like, ahem, '30') in charge vs not even having them as part of the discussion at all. Experience has value, so does a diversity of backgrounds. Presumably the authorities in question avoid issuing gagged orders to anyone who would use such a thing: They're likely to fight the gag, or likely to leak— better to use another approach. Facebook? Hah, NSA— you almost tricked me into clicking on that. You keep making these statements but they don't agree with your own links. "The National Security Agency has obtained direct access to the systems of Google, Facebook, Apple and other US internet giants, ___according to a top secret document obtained by the Guardian___." (Em mine) This is text from the message of yours which you are linking to here. It agrees with the quote bstrand provided. > Please share your vision of that party's platform. "It's like libertarianism meets communism but with promiscuous transparency and cryptography instead of classlessness. Get ready people, Libercommusharepunkism is about to disrupt!" The story is missing some context for me. I can see how banks could induce default by putting people onto modification trial payments for long spans then denying the modification and demanding the difference... but what crazy incentive structure made it in the interest of bank employees to do this? Like a lot of things I think this stuff will make more sense if I could understand how the incentives were setup. Thanks! Thats exactly the detail I was missing. Doesn't eliminate the non-trivial cost of enforcing access control, which is a major part of the point. It isn't a new one— it's the longstanding behavior with respect to information held in third party care. Whats changing is how powerful a surveillance tool it is— especially with service providers intentionally blurring the boundary between local and cloud data for unrelated business reasons. In 1787 there would have practically no reason for you to hand over your most personal papers and effects to a third party. Today its increasingly hard to avoid and can even happen without any real knowledge or consent. The obvious fix isn't statutory: Keep your private data local, don't use software that will cloudify your data without your knowledge, and when you must use third party systems always use encryption. ... but this is complicated by the fact that there are multiple industries whos revenue is threaded by prudent behavior like this. Hopefully they'll realize that taking the immunity only solves the lesser of the problems this presents and they'll provide the resources needed to create the legislative change to insure privacy for the data they hold in trust. But maybe it's just cheaper to convince everyone that they don't need any privacy?