i.e. paper has higher resolution, and is more readable than a pair prototype glasses? I think so too. The title is needlessly incendiary. Explain to me, exactly, step-by-step. How forcing little suzy to click 2 times by having to use safari, instead of 1 click inside the app. Would stop the problem you're mentioning. You'd make an awesome politician: Can't answer the question? No problem! Ask yourself a different question and proceeed to answer that one instead! Slipery slope: Wow, how could the [Apple] products really need to cost $[600]? It's buttons with a touch screen. Honestly, it sounds likelY that [HTC] is infringing. In our copyright system, unfortunately you have to pay or you have to wait for it to expire for cheaper options. However, it wasn't worth it to me, as part of the Public, to give [Apple] exclusive rights to those ideas, especially if they're going to sell them for that price. This could be one way of getting around an "Internet kill-switch" I hope you realize that's a non-sequitor. The hypothesis was people only care about the iPad - not tablets. Which is laughable because a significant proportion of the market cares about non-iPad tablet. What does profit have to do with what people care about? Take a look at the Galaxy Nexus (the phone in question) and tell me which Apple design or patent it infringed. (Bear in mind the unified search patent has prior art - by Google to wit, and is likely to be invalidated) I see this stuff on here all the time, except it's usually $LANGUAGE vs PHP, and it's usually condoned/encouraged. United Launch Alliance competes directly with SpaceX. ULA comprises Lockheed and Boeing. Thanks for the awesome tool! I've found it handy on more than one occasion to trace jQuery/vanilla JS listeners. Any plans for Dojo support? Microsoft recently filed an amicus brief supporting Oracle's position on API copyright. I wouldn't speculate that this is the motive, but it would be interesting if Microsoft is pressured into using Google APIs So you are blaming Google not for what it has done, but what it could do? You seem to be contradicting yourself, earlier, you said "And yet, Linux doesn't have all that great driver support ..." The question is, what's cheaper- labor for optimizing the queries + paying (possibly reduced) SQL server licensing, or keeping the "mediocre" queries + throwing in more hardware? They'll still be silent: "Allow scanning by services" is listen-only with no transmission. Of course they were aware of the issue, if you read what JBQ wrote, he mentioned this was escalated 6 months ago. It doesn't take a leap of the imagination to conclude that the expectation was the issue would be resolved by the time the product was available for sale. Perhaps Qualcomm even stringed them along (I'm speculating) JBQ says he's very frustrated with the "lawyers", for what exact reasons- I don't know. Maybe he feels like they are not exerting enough pressure, or maybe it's Qualcomm's lawyers he's pissed at. You cannot say Google (or at least JBQ) knew how this would turn out. Are you suggesting that the rule of law is a bad idea?("This is...why China continues to eat our lunch"). I think legal frameworks are more tractable: a "Photography not allowed" sign, with enforcement is a more elegant solution to more technological ones (anti-photography/reflective coating maybe?) You can still argue your assertion further: you seem to be declaring that race (and not class) is the driver for crime. Race and class (in America) are strongly linked that when a person declares one thing (and not the other) as the cause, it tells you a lot about the person. Probably cross-reference it with their data? It didn't work out very well for them (or the U.S. in general. Innovation simply moved to France- further away from harassment by the Wright's. I remember reading an article stating that this is the reason so many parts of the aeroplane have French names (fuselage, aileron, &tc) In other words, you're confirming the 90% figure, right? I don't think having a exploitable kernel counts as being 'open' by any measure. I cannot understand how people are ignoring the security side of this. I think you are overstating the amount of control the US has. The US is spying on SWIFT transactions, that's a world of a difference from actually controlling SWIFT. > Google, on the other hand, is trying to turn the browser into an OS This isn't new, not since Marc Andreessen said "[Netscape will soon reduce Windows to] a poorly debugged set of device drivers" - in 1995. Which I take to mean he fully intended to make everything above device drivers the domain of the browser. Here's a Google Translate link: http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=n&pre... Yes- those with large patent pools. IBM and Microsoft, chief amongst them. I'm pretty sure "the government" in GP's context referred to the UK government, not the US. The knitting industry also uses the word "Thread" to describe some other thing. This is going to be a nightmare, I tell you. I think the 'Companies like Volvo are far ahead' needs to be qualified. IMO, Google is ahead in the following areas -map data -PR & public visibility -pushing legislation debate Because the keyboard has a dictionary and can choose the most likely word you meant from your swipe waypoints If I remember correctly, one of the characters hand-waved it as (paraphrasing) "multiple echoes of the same signal". Meaning there were no meaningful timestamps I don't think the whiteboard interviews expect an executable at the end of the process. It's not a complete test, but a partial one: testing if you can come up with suitable algorithms within a reasonable time - and perhaps how you work/your process. None of which is dependent on any (software/IDE) tools What is your opinion of the people who shared the DeCSS key? If "46DCEAD317FE45D80923EB97E4956410D4CDB2C2" is free speech, so is a magnet URI I have a Galaxy Nexus (2011) that's stuck on 4.2. I wouldn't mind receiving bug-fix releases. I think "restriction" is a poor choice: it's more like an architectural decision - that is exactly how they designed it. I could equally say your computer is more than capable of running a self-hosted version of GMail, but "it's a restriction [Google] added" for them to run it on their servers. Language design is about trade-offs. Broadly speaking: being good in one category means being bad in another. Storing your IM data & meta-data on their servers. i.e. Pending, delivered, read. If they allowed phone to be offline, that data would need to be synced when it comes online. I think medical care is the missing part of the equation in your anecdote (and gp's). If you get malaria and medical attention, you'll have a lousy time, but probably be fine. However, for people with limited access to medical care (too remote or too impoverished), preventing Malaria altogether is the best bet, hence mosquito nets. >No? I bet I've spent more years in Africa than you have This sound like an appeal to non-authority. How does seeing someone fishing with a mosquito net discount the fact that malaria deaths have been decreasing for 20 years? (a point you chose to ignore, by the way). Africa is not a monolith: it's 54-countries strong with a multitude of cultures (I'd bet you'd be hard-pressed to find a "local witch doctor" in Tunis). You are entitled to your opinion, just because you live there doesn't automatically make you an expert. I too have spent my entire life in (southern) Africa. Generally nets are not supposed to be washed with untreated water (doing so will wash away the infused chemicals). If you are going to wash the net, you are supposed to wash it in a bucket or any small container with treated water to maintain potency. I like the indentation + braces redundancy because indentations are for humans, brackets are for the interpreter. Logic blocks are more explicit with brackets I encountered a non-obvious Python bug that was caused by mixed spaces-and-tabs: to my human eyes, the indentation looked fine - the same as previous line, but the interpreter saw a different level of indentation. > Google wants developers to write the logic once in Java, transpile it to other platforms, and then make the UI natively using the SDK for each platform. That way the apps look and feel native to the platform they're on, and the UI should run a lot more smoothly. The article seems to suggest that GWT is being (should be?) used for logic only. If the Web UI is sluggish, it probably isn't GWT's fault (disclaimer: I'm not a Googler & I have never looked at the Inbox code) If Apple is "kind of okay with GPLv2", why doesn't it allow GPLv2 apps in the App Store? In my opinion, Apple was never okay with copyleft (whichever version). There is nothing wrong with a company objecting to copyleft licensing. > but the result of that would just be somebody putting up GNU Go for $0.99 and then getting sued by the FSF again. Why would the FSF sue in this instance? As far as I can tell it's not about the $0 or $0.99 price - if the $0.99 app provides the a way for users to get the source, it will be GPL-compliant the FSF will be fine with that. I don't understand why you would inject a hypothetical Android EV into this discussion. I feel that Apple/Google partisanship is off-topic when GP was talking about Apple v. GM/BMW/other established automakers The saying is full of crock - it presents a false dichotomy. You might pay and still be a product. You pay for cable TV but they sell you to advertisers. growing forest quickly =/= growing trees quickly. I might have missed something, but I don't think he mentions anything about making the trees grow faster. The "tricks" are to mature the forest (i.e. make it self-sustaining) within 10 years, tree growth-rate notwithstanding. Correctness beats complexity any day. Incorrectness is an unforgivable sin. While he didn't know WebVan would pioneer it, Loius Borders says he know ecommerce would rule the world. ...that doesn't quite have the same ring, does it? There is a lot of survivorship bias at play here. Thousands of individuals had convictions that their instincts were right as as well - but it turned out poorly for them. Luck and timing plays a big part in success, but more often than not, hn ignores this. To be clear: you are saying the toolchain does run, but not to your liking? It has been possible to install real Linux distros on Android for a while (X and all), with no root required. So you can install and run Android Studio if you so wish. It probably will be slow, but it can be done - today. So did Google suddenly realize they are competing with Firefox? Proof by contradiction says your theory is wrong (true for n=2015, false for n=2014 & earlier) Your premise, that the only possible reason to fund a competitor is incompetence, on the other hand, strikes me as absurd. If they weigh business cases at all, they might have considered the value of goodwill they generate for funding competitors to outweigh any loss(es). Aside: how does Google benefit from sponsoring Blender3D, in your immediate-profit-driven opinion? I don't find it confusing at all. If the sentences are composed correctly, the subject will be obvious. Ian M. Banks did this in one of the Culture stories (in a single paragraph) - I thought it was a succinct way of denoting the current gender identity. As far as I recall, the apologists don't say generics are bad - but rather, not necessary (at times conceding they are useful). Which sounds reasonable to me. Who needs generics? 'Need' in it's dictionary sense. i.e. is there an algorithm you can't write in a language because the language lacks generics? Great to have? Yes. Need? No. The freedom to deprive end-users the same rights*[1] the distributor got, of course. [1] The right to view the source and make changes as you see fit. VMWare knew the software was licensed under GPL for years. They chose to violate the terms of the license - that's what matters here. They could have chosen to base off BSD licensed code, but they did not Would you be ok with them breaking the terms of the MIT/BSD license?I'm not familiar with the MIT/BSD restrictions, but I think one of them is to acknowledge original author? How would you feel if they violated that? For me, Ars is still better than every other site listed. Their quality might have slid, but they are still the best[1]. I grew tired of other sites' clickbait and/or blatant partisanship/slant. 1. for me. > Can't the Google just admit it's using TypeScript? What makes you think they haven't "admitted" it yet? > AtScript is TypeScript: We’ve been collaborating with the TypeScript team on our proposed productivity [1] They have been collaborating with Microsoft, and it's no secret[2] 1. http://angularjs.blogspot.com/2015/03/announcements-from-ng-... 2. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/typescript/archive/2015/03/05/angula... > In the early days when there were fewer towers spaced farther apart the phones had more power (remember the old "brick phones"). Citation needed. What makes you think newer phones have less transmission power than old brick phones? The working range of a cell site (the range which mobile devices connects reliably to the cell site).. is between between 50 to 70 km (30–45 miles)[1] 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_site#Range > Would the statute of limitations be tolled for the duration of Assange's stay at the embassy? IANAL, but that sounds unreasonable: his presence isn't required in order for him to be charged. The statute limits the time in which he can be charged (regardless of his geographic location). I know for certain under Roman-Dutch law, one can be charged (tried, and sentenced) in absentia. I suspect other justice systems have similar allowances For disambiguation: it is better to say "plantains are staples in many parts of Africa" since they are cooked. The prescribed solution does not solve for all use cases though. Imagine if the meeting included a conference call to someone in Australia. A day before the meeting, the bureaucrats change the DST rule. The meeting invite for the Australian now has incorrect time. Storing as local time will work against events applicable across timezones. The problem isn't with UTC, it is unexpected rule changes that the converting agent (software) did not predict. That logic will have to be coded in. Pegging against "wall time" in Chile causes it's own problems. What if the meeting is with a person in "Europe/Berlin" via Skype and the appointment is in a shared calendar. How would the new Berlin time be calculated for the unfortunate Berliner after the Chilean bureaucrats have had their fun? ...Yet. It is open source: you are welcome to port it to Windows and I'm sure they would be happy to accept your patch. I am non-American, and I do not understand why (most/some) Americans think think the default/superior housing material is wood. If someone can explain, I'd be happy to learn. I'm perfectly fine with brick-and-mortar houses (and concrete sky-scrapers). Brick houses have less fuel for fires, better load-bearing properties (pros), although they take longer to construct. > Brick is just siding. What's the frame made out of? For brick an mortar houses, the "frame" is also made of brick[1]. All the walls are load-bearing, so there is no actual frame + siding: just brickwork. You have a concrete foundation, then you lay your double-thick brick-walls (for all load-bearing sections - all of the outer walls that are expected to support roofing trusses). Internal walls can be a single-brick wide. The only place timber is used is for roofing. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brickwork Thanks! You are right falling/flying bricks are not a good idea in an earthquake or hurricane situation. After digging some more, it seems like cost is another factor. I suspect our backgrounds subconsciously color our opinions though: my childhood home (and 99% of homes I have ever visited) were brick and mortar, maybe that is why I am partial to it. > Terrorism is commonly defined as violent acts (or the threat of violent acts) intended to create fear (terror) It depends on the motivation of the pilot i.e. Did he intend to create fear? At this point the motivations remain unclear, so it can't be termed an act of terrorism. I highly doubt that Dropbox has a 10 year head-start (over Google and Amazon) in the area of "distributed storage and sync" - unless you meant it in the narrow case of building desktop sync clients. You might be experiencing imposter syndrome, and it makes you question if you deserve to be there. I suffered from imposter syndrome when I got moved to a new team (same employer) by myself after a cohort was moved.I felt like I wasn't properly onboarded and I did not have a fellow noob to ask "silly questions", and I suffered for it. I was tasked to do a major-ish feature and I completed it with no confidence: it was scrapped from the first release & I felt like I had failed. When a colleague was asked to 'redo' it, he only added about 5% more and called it a day. Looking back at the code: it was good work, and it was 95% of what was required (to me at the time it felt like 20%). I will tell you what I would have told myself then: don't be afraid to ask "silly" questions - don't let your egobget in the way.(try to figure it out first though). Also: it's a great opportunity to learn. That's an unfortunate side effect if the culture they developed, whereby quality correlates with the amount of whipcracking. A lot of job adverts have "must be self-motivated" (which I thought was a load of bollocks) but it seems self-motivation has been largely extinguished at Apple (by design or accident) Or possibly to increase the uptake of their projects at other large corporates: thereby increasing mindshare/developer goodwill. Don't tell me that Fb doesn't want to put up IBMs logo on the "who uses React" page Thanks - you're right about how I parsed GP's text! Apologies GP. > Whenever there is a thread about Apple development someone pipes up and says that HFS+ is horrible. Can you explain why it's so problematic? I never once thought to myself that the filesystem needed an update. Ok maybe the .DStore files piss me off but I'm not even sure a filesystem change could change that. I'm not OP, but Linus had a rant in a Google+ comment on where he laid out his problems with HFS+[1]. John Siracusa also chimed in with a link to a section of an Ars Technica post he made titled 'What's wrong with HFS+'[2]. Linus' complaints seem to center around Case insensitivity and Inadequate Unicode Normalization in HFS. The Ars review is more damning (accusations include: undermining data integrity, metadata locks meaning only one process can update the FS at a time, etc) However, I'm not a FS expert so I am likely not doing the views justice: I encourage you to click through to the source URLs below. 1. https://plus.google.com/+JunioCHamano/posts/1Bpaj3e3Rru 2. http://arstechnica.com/apple/2011/07/mac-os-x-10-7/12/#hfs-p... Ingress > Note that 25% is pretty generous when you're creating a derivitive work off of someone else's IP Your opinion is in the minority, I'm afraid. By and large,the gaming community (on reddit at least) has spoken, and Valve took heed. Marc Andreessen probably stoked Microsoft's paranoia when he said "[Netscape will soon reduce Windows to] a poorly debugged set of device drivers"[1] 1. http://www.wired.com/2012/04/ff_andreessen/2/ Outside of the US, not everyone has a phone capable of running iMessage or Hangouts. WhatsApp happily runs on feature-phones, because of network effects, many people who can run iMessage/Hangouts and WhatsApp I've paid for myself and my mother-in-law (you can pay for a contact's subscription) Good point about being an API. When combined with RFID, I can imagine smart fridges / washing machines utilizing this API to automatically order (or suggesting human do a 1-click order) when your Tide is about to run out. How frequently do you replenish your spices/WD40? If you are a restuarant, then a button would make sense. The dash, in its current form, seems suited to high-turnover products where the sales generated over the devices lifetime can cover the initial cost. As someone else mentioned though, think of it as "Dash, the physical button" + "Dash, the API". The API is probably the long term goal, the physical button is just a (temporary) drop-dead simple API client that people can use today. Amazon is likely betting on smart-fridges/-pantries/-homes catching up in the future Edit: in the near-future, I imagine Amazon adding a touchscreen (so it's not product specific) without adding much to BoM. They can also charge manufactures for on-device screen-time (who doesn't like ads that convert to an immediate sale?) It's not that black and white. Ant colonies are ultimate socialist societies - communist even. From each ant according to its ability, to each according to its need I am not a lawyer, forgive any inaccuracies. These are 2 instances of the same/similar license type - they remain 2 different licenses with different conditions that have to be met individually even if the code is merged. The licenses are compatible. However, for the Go team (and downstream lib users) to satisfy Intel's license, they'd have to credit Intel as authors, in addition to "the Go Team". This can become unwieldy if code is pulled from many different sources (code authors would need to check the authors of the various parts of the Go Standard libs they are using to give the correct attribution). This can be avoided if Intel itself makes the contribution & make use of a CLA (Contributor License Agreement) that assigns the necessary rights to the Go Team - meaning there is one license to be satisfied for the whole standard lib. > Those ever-cheaper laptops started as copies and spin-offs from the "helping the poor" projects and related technologies. I doubt that's true: can you substantiate that? How was the EeePC a copy of OLPC? The only commonality was that they were cheap (for the time). I'd say the cheaper laptops are as a result of a confluence of things: Android, the battle between ARM vs. Intel Atom, a glut of TFTs the high- and mid-range won't accept, >Well sure, but when the license is perpetual and royalty-free, what's the difference? There would be a difference if the license is non-transferable. Then Facebook wouldn't be able to give or sell that data to 3rd parties as part of a bankruptcy sale. Edit: in the case of RadioShack's user data, I doubt that they got customers' agreement for a transferable license to the data. I think he's comparing US's relationship with Ukraine to a hypothetical Russia-Mexico one. I'm not going to be as bold and say "US fostered the Ukranian coup", but I am certain they were very happy about it. The deposed former president of Ukraine, who happened to be close to Russia, had been democratically elected - his removal most certainly wasn't democratic by any stretch of the imagination. You can tell infer the US's political attitudes if you parse the language of US media / politicians at the time. If they are "protesters" rather than "rioters" or "insurrectionists" - they are friends. I perfectly understand that it furthers US interest to pull out Ukraine from Russia's sphere of influence. Just my $0.02, as an outsider. > If not touch screen activity for a long time, or when simply the screen is locked, then why is the camera on? Because the OS shouldn't be making assumptions about applications' interaction models. People tend to write apps that OS creators never dreamed about. There are legitimate reasons for resource usage (camera) to continue without user interaction.From the top of my head, I can imagine writing a baby-monitor app that uses camera to stream video to my phone in the other room using wifi. The resource-limiting heuristics have to be impossibly good, otherwise it gets in the way of useful apps. Percy.io seems somewhat similar to BBC's wraith[1], albeit easier to integrate. 1. http://bbc-news.github.io/wraith/index.html That's explicitly called out in the article: > ...there’s already advanced security features on your phone, contained in the SIM card, which protects the things important to carriers. Vault is designed to be an equivalent, but designed to project a user’s important content. SIM card is controlled by carrier, and protects carriers' cryptographic interests. The vault is independent of the Secure Element: it user-controlled, and protects user's cryptographic interests. Microsoft Research[1] is hardly secretive for things that are cooking in the lab[2] 1. http://research.microsoft.com/ 2. http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/news/headlines/hyperlaps... In your opinion, only those products with API's available today should be announced? That sounds overly restrictive. By the same logic - Projects Jacquard and Vault shouldn't have been announced either. I think it's fair to announce products so devs can be ready when the API becomes available. > Undoubtedly, but the issue is that they only have 2 months to take care of any bugs in their recent code Parent is suggesting that what you think is "recent code" isn't recent at all (if you mean the tech previews). The leaked internal builds are more recent, but only relatively so.Therefore you can't extrapolate the number of current bugs remaining from tech previews. This is correct - there are 6 Windows 10 SKUs[1]. 4 if you exclude the mobile SKUs. The "only 2 SKUs" was just a rumour/wish. I'm echoing speculation I read elsewhere: the reason for the numerous versions is Federal Money. The US government demands that it pays the lowest price the vendors offers an item for. Since Microsoft likes to offer discounts to universities, the government would be entitled to the lowest discounted price on the SKU. Their solution is to make Education & Enterprise versions and maintain the price disparity. Money trumps simplicity. https://blogs.windows.com/bloggingwindows/2015/05/13/introdu... (edited for clarity) > It's reasonable to assume that anything newer hasn't been tested to that point yet, so they still have a lot of work to do on the things we haven't seen yet. I disagree on that part - I do not think that is reasonable. If I read correctly, your assumption is that pipeline for everything is: Develop > Test internally > polish > public testing > fix. It's also reasonable to assume that not everything needs to be tested by the public, and only those deemed to require public testing were included in public previews. There a lot of reasons to release 'old' code, especially on a large codebase. It's not that they intentionally send out "buggy releases while sitting on a build that works", but gating is complicated business. I think a keynote should be more of 10,000 foot view > Regardless, the next thing you really need to defend, as this is what we are talking about: what are you, as a developer, doing to get ready for Photos? You can't imagine how unlimited storage of images and videos have no implications to devs and how we view curation of photos? Thats one less limitation to worry about. I 100% agree that I/O is becoming less and less developer focused. Lots of non-developers want to attend (I blame the freebies they gave - looks like that has stopped so it might get better). I/O (or any other 'developer' conference) goes beyond the technical. There is a lot of self-promotion, PR, recruitment (in the HR sense, and recruitment into the 'developer ecosystem') > From that communication, I read that Tim Cook is against some business models, not machine learning or data collection. Which sounds exactly like posturing to me. Contrast this with what he says about back doors - if it's there a key under the mat for cops, the bad guys will get it. The same applies to data collection - the motives behind the collection don't matter. If data is collected, sooner or later some of it will fall into the hands of a 3rd party the user didn't expect - possibly bad guys (through legal discovery, a hack, bankruptcy sale, or some NSA ALL-CAPS program). The right thing for privacy is to not collect the data, but Apple is unwilling to take that business decision (imagine how bad Siri would be if voice data wasn't sent to a backend). > Mozilla has over a thousand employees on its various projects, and this income is necessary to keep them in work. Here's a thought experiment - what it Mozilla spun-out a "Firefox foundation" that only worked on Firefox? How many employees & how much funding would that require? I suspect it could get by without the ads and could infact, be kick-started. Granted, this would not mesh with Mozilla's manifesto, and the other projects would die without the ad-powered money-printer that Firefox is. Apple and Google both collect user data and send it to the cloud. Why does the degree matter? If it's a matter of principle, don't collect user data at all! Since Apple are collecting data anyway, I guess the reason is not principle. IMO, the why doesn't affect personal privacy. Pure motives don't count for anything when user data falls into the hands of 3rd parties (through hacks, leaks, or divorce lawyers). > - 91% of Apple's income is from hardware. > - More that 90% of Google's income is from advertising. So, in a nutshell - it's not the collection of data that is bad, but advertising? That's BS. The collection of personal data itself is inherently bad, motives be damned. Apple is no snow-flake as Tim would have you think, they also want to gain a competitive edge from aggregating and mining user data. This is exactly what "Apple-is-better" people on this thread do not get. They are suggesting that the Apple IR camera is good because it improves the user "experience by syncing with itunes to play a song with the right tempo as you dance" as opposed to the Google IR camera which will result in sun-burn cream ads. What the typical person would want is no IR camera at all. > Apple collects far less personal data than Google/etc Agreed. I don't know if we are disagreeing. Or perhaps you disagree with the notion that the ideal situation for privacy is when no personal collection is done? >> The risk of you being personally targeted and hacked is greater than Google being hacked > This is a rather strange comment since we already know for sure that Google has already been hacked by both the British[1] and Chinese[2] governments. With that fact established, the question still stands: who do you trust to not get hacked by the British and Chinese governments? The point GP was making was Google's security is pretty robust and if it's not sufficient, you'd be hard-pressed to find another service provider who can do better securing the data. > Being a corporation, it should not be allowed to be a player in geopolitics. Says who? Corporations have been waist deep in geopolitics since (at least) the beginning of the 20th century. see British Petroleum & the Iran coup, or Hearst and the American-Spanish war ("You furnish the pictures and I'll furnish the war.") Here's a list of corporations that are also players in geopolitics - Fox Media (and anything owned by Rupert Murdock) - Oil companies (e.g. Haliburton) - Movie studios - Fracking companies - Numerous corporations behind TPP/TTIP > Yet those developers somehow can buy a computer for $1000+ and spend an additional $500-$800 on the tablet/phone? :)[1] In a word - Yes. I am a developer from a 3rd world country, and I bought a Mac Mini for $500 (not '$1000+') for the purposes of entering the Apple ecosystem. I'm not going to spend another $500 on an iPhone[2], especially since I'm not sure if it will work out financially. The emulator will have to do (my apoligies to anyone who'll potentially run my apps and encounter bugs I miss because of this). 1. I'm not sure if the smiley is an indicator of sarcasm or not 2. If push comes to shove,I can afford it, but I've already bought the phone I'll use for the next 2-3 years (OnePlus), and I'd rather spend the money on other things - like family. > You will get it back in the first couple of days if you make a good app . Well, there's the rub. Unfortunately, the vast majority of developers just don't make money on the app stores. I'm not going to beat myself up if it doesn't work out - I'm taking this as a long-term learning opportunity. If one of my apps takes off on Android (as proof that other people find it good - or I'm confident it is good enough), then I'll pay the $100. > I'd venture that Google's tightening its grip on Android and making it more closed than it ever was. A high profile engineer, JBQ, quit AOSP project for a reason It might seem nit-picky, but that is so vague as to be untrue. The reason JBQ quit, as I pieced together from his G+/tweets, was because of 3rd party drivers for a Nexus device that were not released as open source as he would have liked (he managed AOSP releases). Inferring from his posts at the time, this was something he realised as a potential problem ahead of time and notified legal, but it seemed nothing was done (or they failed in negotiating with manufacturer). I'm not a Googler, so I could also be off-base here. I apologise ahead of time if I misrepresented anyone. This is genius. My C is rusty, but isn't this more than visualising for humans, if I cast a NormalNode as ReversedNode, traversal should be reversed, right? (I.e.reversed->right is normal->left This sounds like a huge time-sink on both sides. The interviewee will need to clear up a lot of time to work on the small project (which is not always possible). This does not scale - the number of people that can be interviewed per unit time will go down drastically. This wastes interviewers time, they could be spending the time working on real work (unless the project is real work). If the project is a real work for hiring organisation, it likely would reveal to outsider things the company probably wants to keep secret (infrastructure, technology, processes, etc). Empires rise and fall. The British empire at its zenith was impressive as well and was almost unchallenged. Military supremacy follows economic development. I'm curious how the next 100 years will turn out (I'll experience 60+ of those, if I'm lucky), considering the following: - the shift in American demographics (how long will the slightly right-of-center politics hold? To which side of the spectrum will it shift?) - if China manages to sustain it's growth rate. Superpower status seems guaranteed at this point - how unified will Europe be? what happens to Nato An actual African here, I apologise in advance for the rant. Your comment is an amazing over-generalization of 1.1 billion people in 54 countries, Africa is a very diverse place, but you only see the worst of it ("feed these sorry kids for only a dollar a day") The article itself was rather vague on where exactly the laptops are sent (to schools? NGOs? families?), not even the country (or region) are mentioned. No sir, 'computers are being sent to Africa'. I think you're projecting western values (strong individualism) to the African context, and your conclusion "neighbours jealous of expensive electronics". How about "neighbours kids also share in using the expensive electronics"? In rural areas, residential clusters are typically made of extended family, so that neighbour is probably a sister or cousin. I have lived in 3 countries in southern (small 's') Africa, I can assure you that education is seen as more important that "2 months salary", some parents pay way more than that in annual school fees. I do believe in the 'singularity' stuff - but I doubt it will happen within the next 100 years. I don't think as humans we are ready for it yet socially or politically (post-scarcity). We're pretty terrible at distributing resources currently - not because of logistics mind you, but pure self-interest. that's not going to change overnight. If we were to upload our consciousness today, we're going to end up looking more like a balkanized "The Terminator" rather than "The Culture" You can still be fingerprinted by HTTP request headers alone. You can test the number of identifying bits your browser generates at EFF's Panopticlick[1]. It's scary. https://panopticlick.eff.org/index.php?action=log&js=no You could manually set your user-agent string to a more polular one (IE on Windows 7?). There are several browser extensions that allow you to set UA string manually for Chrome and Firefox. However, an adversary can also fingerprint your OS/patch level based on packet structure [1][2] - which can't be easily changed. This will add more identifying bits. 1. http://nmap.org/book/osdetect-fingerprint-format.html 2. http://www.windowsecurity.com/articles-tutorials/intrusion_d... > He is vilified simply because he became the last CEO of a beloved empire which was already gasping for it's last breaths That's being overly generous to Elop. The 'Burning Platform' memo was by his own volition and it played a big part in the decline. This essay nails what Elop did wrong[1] (a bit over-the-top though). Namely, he called his own product crap, and when he distributed the memo, Nokia had no solution ready - they were waiting on Microsoft (Osborne effect). "Hey guys, our phones are currently crap. That Maemo phone you're about to buy - we're discontinuing it. We will have awesome ones sometime in the future though. Remember to by a Nokia ;-)". 1. http://communities-dominate.blogs.com/brands/2011/08/coining... > Maybe a better question is, at what point do you think about eschewing the traditional Cisco/Juniper gear and look towards these techniques? Answer 1: when it's cheaper. Answer 2: when traditional gear gets in the way. My guess is it's mostly 1 and rarely 2 for most organizations. Might be a combination of both. > I think it is highly unethical that there is almost no democratic control over what is being developed at Google, Facebook et al. in secrecy. The most recent XKCD comic is quite relevant: http://xkcd.com/1539/ I consider myself to be very Left of center, but, I can't imagine what form of 'democratic control' you think is necessary over the research that Google and Facebook does. I do not fault Google or Facebook for planning on time-scales longer than most governments. Governments ought to be doing this level of long-term planning, but are not (at least publicly) Was the is the performance difference between HotSpot and Dalvik worth $45 million in 2006 dollars?[1] Those were the alleged licensing terms proposed by Sun ($20 million upfront + 10% Android revenue capped at $25 million). Your budget determines the kind of software you get. On a purely engineering basis, Hotspot might have been the better option, Business-wise, Dalvik made sense to Google. 1. http://www.pcworld.com/article/253666/a_timeline_of_oracles_... By describing 'the situation as it actually existed', he did a massive disservice to the company he helmed. I am not saying it was the reason Nokia failed, only that it was a huge contributing factor. You do not expect a company CEO to do negative PR - he damaged Nokia's brand and greatly harmed the confidence developers/consumers had in Nokia. > I don't think it's realistic to blame so much on a few hundred words. From the article I previously linked: "Gerald Ratner[1] was CEO of British jewelry group Ratners (since renamed Signet Group). He made a famous speech in London to the Institute of Directors in 1991 in which he said his company products were sold for such low prices "because its total crap." This remark was then published and caused his company to collapse and was only saved by his departure - and the rebranding of the company to Signet." Ratner destroyed his company in 43 words (relevant part of speech is on Wikipedia). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Ratner I strongly suspect Android's uptake by manufacturers and MNOs would have been far less if it was licensed as GPL. So there would have been an opportunity cost to Google (that is certainly not $0). Do you think Sony, let alone Verizon would cave and agree to the terms of the GPL? Remember this is in 2008 - Sony's DRM/rootkit scandal was only 3 years prior (2005). Edited: fixed my years > I think the quotee (not the article author, mind you) was, albeit indirectly, comparing the VR product to IMAX. Yes, everyone agrees that they were refering to IMAX. It is also legal for them to do so (and for Ars to publish this opinion) without seeking permission from IMAX first. Some people on HN are surprisingly disagreeing with this (or at least condoning IMAX's response) > > IMAX doesn't want people calling any large format theater IMAX. Also, there is no evidence that this is what happened here! The developer quoted by Ars might/might not have literally been referring to IMAX(tm). Only he knows for sure. This is not what the lawyer was whining about either - they were claiming that Ars should have sought permission from IMAX before using the trademarked term in the article. Which is bullshit. I don't understand how people can condone that - it's only a stones-throw away from a scenario where Google/Apple sues you for using their trademark without permission in your negative comment about one of their products. Verizon does not make phones - it sells them. It was responsible for much of Android's early success in the US with it's multimillion dollar "Droid does" ad campaign to the extent that "Droid" was synonymous with "Android". I'll play the devils advocate > Not just US, UK was also part of that agreement, and they also have done nothing to help Ukraine. Which 'Ukraine'? The government which was democratically elected (and deposed by protests) or the new government. Let's for a second imagine that the "Occupy *" movement was cozy with the Russians, and managed to topple the US administration of the time. Which America is NATO obliged to protect? If they hacked the NSA, I'd suspect most spies are known rather than unknown. There's a curious event where Russia expelled 30 UK diplomats from Moscow - and none of them were intelligence operatives (and this was no coincidence as 1/3rd of the staff were intelligence operatives) - it was just to send a message: "we know who your spies are"[1]. Edit: corrected number of diplomats & added citation 1. http://www.globalresearch.ca/five-reasons-the-mi6-story-is-a... > If she disagrees with the free trial don't put any of your music up for that time span Because Apple will not allow her to do so. It is not 3 universal calendar month: every user gets 3 months free when they start a subscription, depending on when they sign up for the service. Artist cannot opt-out of the free-service tier catalog and just go with the paid users. So Taylor Swift is withholding her music because she won't get paid for all the listens by users in their first 3 months. As someone else alluded to: drug suppliers still get paid for those free 'hits'. It's the distributor who swallows the cost in exchange for recurring revenue. How sure are you the outrage is 'hers' in the first place if it was in written form on a blog? Believe me, her tirade was edited, vetted and revised by multiple parties six ways to Sunday. It matters very little if the original author was TS herself. Click-bait headline by Reuters (and Guardian). The Delphi spokesperson repudiated[1] the "near-miss" description. "I was there for the discussion with Reuters about automated vehicles," she told Ars by e-mail. "The story was taken completely out of context when describing a type of complex driving scenario that can occur in the real world. Our expert provided an example of a lane change scenario that our car recently experienced which, coincidentally, was with one of the Google cars also on the road at that time. It wasn’t a 'near miss' as described in the Reuters story." 1. http://arstechnica.com/cars/2015/06/no-2-self-driving-cars-d... Sun did not allow anyone to use GPL Java (SE) on mobile devices ('field of use' restrictions). For that, you had to license J2ME from Sun under different conditions. If you ever had the misfortune of targeting J2ME, you'd know why it was a no-brainer for Google. I shudder to imagine writing Android apps using J2ME. It is prudent to note that Google didn't write its own implementation from scratch: they took advantage of Apache Harmony (by erstwhile Sun frenemy: IBM). This is the same Apache Harmony that Sun repeatedly refused to provide the TCK for no authority whatsoever. My statement is unfalsifiable unless TS/her team steps fprward.I admit it's all conjecture, but I should note that TS had a publicist handling her public relation for 7 years before moving that function in-house to her management company. TS has so far given me the impression of being business savvy and if I'm charitable to assume competence of her management company, I'd assume she would shy from legal minefields Given the above priors, my estimation is that her lateat blog-post (like all others) was vetted by publicist(s) & legal advisor(s). YMMV. No proof. This is the role of artist management companies. Taylor Swift has her own management company. All this gs being equal they managed her post. I could similarly claim "OS X El Capitan is being QA tested six ways to Sunday" without being in Cupertino. You could ask me for proof and I would have none. > ...I believe that browsers on Android also tend to use... The word 'also' doesn't belong here. Browsers on iOS don't tend to use core iOS components (WebView) : they are forced to. Your statement really isn't a counter point. Not GP, but where exactly was their argument anti-aesthetic? Art =/= aesthetics, Design =/= art. GP said: design trends are just manifestations of a particular temporal affinity towards one aesthetic or another which sounds reasonable to me, considering recent trends towards flat/ish designs Maybe you'd like to address his/her points instead of creating strawmen? The problem is not a trust/surveillance issue. From the first comment: > We (Google) use this for systems outside of our datacenters that need to understand our concept of time. > Google (famously(1)) runs a non standard concept of time, that works well if everything in your infrastructure knows and understands this and is designed to work with this. If you mix and match NTP servers within a machine you'll run into problems (since Google's timeservers are deliberately false ticking). IIRC, Google handles leap-second changes by spreading it over a day (or two). This will not end well if you also use other NTP servers that do things differently It's amazing how wholesale scraping of data was being celebrated, because the scrapers "were making the internet better". This is the first topic I've seen were the HN's usual Libertarian bias disappears and no-one challenges the underlying notion that CL is seen as part of the Commons. Channelling Dagny Taggart, I'd say 3Tap & PadMapper were a bunch of moochers. > there shouldn't be legal limits on that kind of behaviour to a publicly accessible system anyways. Are you sure about that? So you don't want any legal recourse for someone that overloads your API/web servers with thousands of requests per second? You might say a technical solution (like rate limiting) would do - but that will cost you time & money with no upside, and can be easily circumvented (use many clients in parallel with the same effect - hammering your server and increasing your costs) I think a law for that is fine, as a last resort. It will keep people at their best behaviour. 1. The owner of copyright determines how the product is to be used 2. Provider of a service can set out terms of service 3. When using someone else resource, it is polite to do as asked ("Please don't finish all the staples" or "Please don't use my stapler John. Jane can still use it") Increasing CLs server load & increasing their bandwidth costs was morally questionable, it became clearly immoral once they knew CL didn't like what they were doing. We likely are in agreement - isn't a rule against hammering a server 'a legal limit on the kind of behaviour to a publicly accessible system'? I was disagreeing with parent who said: > there shouldn't be legal limits on that kind of behaviour to a publicly accessible system anyways. > I'd argue that Google is an advertising company. Software, search and phones are just delivery mechanisms for the ads (which brings in the money) That is exactly like saying "The New York Times is an advertising company. Newspaper and website are just delivery mechanisms for the ads (which brings in the money)" Software/AI is a Google core-competency, calling it a "mechanism for ads" seems to be under-selling them, especially when a huge chunk of the software they produce has nothing to do with ad-delivery Unfortunately english isn't very precise: it's difficult to parse what MichaelGG was referring to by 'that'. I assumed he was referring to scraping (his previous sentence), but it's also possible he was referring to the CL case. For the record, I maintain my belief that there should be a law that applies to scraping of publicly available sites. > You wanna sue a business for scraping your site? Hey, fine, that's a civil business issue. (And really, there shouldn't be legal limits on that kind of behaviour to a publicly accessible system anyways > which is, a single harassment-focused group was disbanded. That wasn't the only event that transpired. I'd venture to say things got really intense after Victoria was let go and sub-reddits accounting for 33% of visits were shut down in protest of how the affair was handled (poor communication, no transition planning). I think the disconnect between the mods and Reddit's leadership is what got Pao fired; not the shutting down of FPH. and web. >"There is absolutely no excuse for a company—particularly one that has made commitments to free expression by being a founding member of the Global Network Initiative— to regulate speech beyond that which is required" . You are misunderstanding the EFF - they are not asking Microsoft to disobey the government but for Microsoft to not go overboard with the censoring. Currently they are censoring more than they are being asked to ('beyond that which is required' bit). It's like they are adding more restrictions to your already restrictive firewall - restrictions that you didn't ask for. To answer your question: no, it's not a bit much. > Making chips is a commodity business. The skill is in the design and patenting There's no point in designing (& patenting) a fancy chip that can't be manufactured in yields high enough to get a profit, is there? An approximate analogy would be wireframing a web application prototype (design) vs. egnineering the site so that it scales to millions of users (making chips). More on-topic, IBM probably announced a 7 chip that can't be manafactured with acceptable yields yet . Hypothetically, Intel could design a 5nm chip with It wasn't a problem when H.264 was new. There were devices that had H.264 decoding support well before it was popular with users; You might be happy to know that it's not a problem for WebM either! There are[1] devices that have VP8 decoding support right now. Just not all devices (just as not all devices had H.264 hardware decoders when it was new.) Obviously the iPod would supported H264 since Apple were a member of the consortium pushing it (MPEG-LA)[2]. Similarly, ARM Chromebooks support VP8 because Google is behind it. Several chip-makers have promised support: Intel is taking a wait and see attitude [1] and might support it in the future 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebM#Hardware 2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MPEG_LA#H.264.2FMPEG-4_AVC_lic... Your English text (and English in general, as we know it) will not be in use in 10,000 years. There seems to be a widespread, almost instinctive desire to achieve permanence (works or monuments) in humans, which I do not fully understand. People want to make a dent on the universe, to be 'remembered as heroes' etc. Nothing lasts forever, not your works, not your memory. All will be lost in the mists of time. I don't see this as a reason for nihilism either, you can make a difference with your efforts - it just won't last forever (or even 1,000 years, let alone 10,000). That's ok. It is hard to figure out when exponential growth will end while you are in the middle of it. Linus said something relevant to this in a recent interview on Slashdot[1], answering a question on dangerous AI. To paraphrase him: people are crazy to think that exponential growth lasts forever. As impressive as it may be (at the time), it's only the beginning of an S-curve. I've extracted a small part of his answer below. I think the whole interview is worth reading (it's a general interview, not AI-specific) ... I'd expect just more of (and much fancier) rather targeted AI, rather than anything human-like at all. Language recognition, pattern recognition, things like that. I just don't see the situation where you suddenly have some existential crisis because your dishwasher is starting to discuss Sartre with you. The whole "Singularity" kind of event? Yeah, it's science fiction, and not very good SciFi at that, in my opinion. Unending exponential growth? What drugs are those people on? I mean, really.. It's like Moore's law - yeah, it's very impressive when something can (almost) be plotted on an exponential curve for a long time. Very impressive indeed when it's over many decades. But it's _still_ just the beginning of the "S curve". Anybody who thinks any different is just deluding themselves. There are no unending exponentials 1. http://linux.slashdot.org/story/15/06/30/0058243/interviews-... > This is infinitely more impressive than Google's image generation. There are zillion ways to generate weird-looking images Google wasn't training their NNs to 'generate weird-looking images'. The NNs were for image-classification (which is pretty impressive), the weird images were just a visualisation/artefact of the training process. Was blocking caching on Google what he referred to as "interfering with Google and other search engines"? That's laying it thick. > Won't ever be "fastest" in embedded, no way you can run your v8 on such devices. V8 won't always be required for fast Javascript. If Web Assembly[1] pans out as planned, I can foresee embedded devices that can execute wasm code natively (or at least fast) 1. https://brendaneich.com/2015/06/from-asm-js-to-webassembly/ Both problems can be solved with today's technnology: make the robot airbourne to improve mobility, then tag friendly forces with some IFF broadcast. Declare a curfew and boom, everyone who's not a friendly is an enemy combatant. I hope I don't get to live to see such a day. Maybe "Drawn and quartered", but that entirely depends on the programming the warlord prefares. After all, AIs might become the Kalashnikov's of the future: every self-respecting warlord has a gold-plated one. Important detail: not once in my comment did I mention or hint at a corporate entity. I was merely commenting on a nation-to-nation level. You seem to be fine with French law applying to American nationals - what do you think of sharia law applying to French nationals? How about the law-of-the-week declared by some upstart banana republic dictator? Who gets to pull the lever on global law? Where do you, fit2rule, draw the line - is it only France? Only countries where Google has operates? only western democracies? Or does every sovereign get to throw what they deem illegal into the pot? French laws being applied in France ate fine and dandy. French laws applied worldwide? I'm with "corporate power" on that one. Someone needs to tell France to keep it's laws to itself. That is the essence of sovereignty The new structure won't affect the EU's investigations, as you had stated earlier. All the components the EU will whine about are still under the Google subsidiary (Search, Maps, YouTube, Android). The only companies exiting from Googles purview are Calico, Nest, Fiber, Ventures, Capital,and X. None of which were likely candidates for antitrust prosecution. >As long as that is less than 3k it's a net win Financially, you're right. But money isn't the only factor here. Would you pay $3000 - $WEEKS_SALARY to stay out of jail for the week? For some people, being in jail for a week is not a 'net win' More like mobile developers. Android development is mostly Java And you've reached the heart of the matter - of use to who? GPLv3 tech is of little use to pro-Tivoization organisations & people (hint: it's not the license's fault that your product can't ship it). GPL: more useful to users of the software. BSD: more useful to corporations, especially those that are pro-closed source/pro-Tivoization Parent quotes the W3 Spec to prove that it's legal, and your response is "it's illegal because $BROWSER say's so"? I trust the spec more than an implementation. I don't think anyone claims any computer systems are 100% safe. However, I think they will be much safer than human drivers. I, for one, will take the one in a million chance of a computer error over the probability of encountering a drunk/fatigued/distracted driver any day This would only matter if punishment was being dished out today - which is not the case. Everyone is being given a heads-up (until November 1). Also, Google has already set a precedent of punishing itself[1] for bad behaviour. 1. http://www.searchenginejournal.com/google-penalizes-chrome/3... It gets more interesting where the American companies own subsidiaries incorporated in other countries. Can a US court compel Apple's Irish subsidiary (for instance) to release data? Also, under the new regime, the moment he stops paying, the IDE stops working. Previously, when you stop paying,you'd be left with a working-but-outdated version. This is definitely a downgrade This was a solved problem: simply buy another Jetbrains 'upgrade' and you get fixes (or upgrades) for the following year. Subscriptions should be entirely optional. > 1. If they "go out of business" you will save money with the new model, because instead of paying for a year of the license in advance, you are paying by month. Oh, it's much worse than that. With the old licensing model, if JetBrains went out of business, you'd be left with an antiquated IDE that works . Under the new model, you'd be left with nothing because the IDEs need to call-home and verify against a licensing server. Who knows what happens when the licensing server gets decommissioned (I guess you could ask EA customers). Which do you think you have a higher chance of encountering: a computer glitch or a bad/impaired human driver? I like JetBrains & am a fan of their products (I'm a paying customer). I'm sure they are good people with good intentions. However, I'd rather not have this unnecessary complication - it wasn't broken before. > If they actually went out of business, I'm sure they'd to something to remedy the situation. That all depends on how they go out of business. They could too busy fighting other fires to write a patch that removes license-check, or it could be a hostile takeover with the subsequent "we are discontinuing $PRODUCT from next month" announcement >I just found a 7-inch tablet for £28 ($43.10) on Amazon (plus a camera and RAM and stuff). Including taxes and shipping. Why is this so expensive? Sales volumes determine economies of scale, it is likely the £28 tablet was made in quantities much larger than the pi screen (I'd guess at least 2 orders of magnitude). Also, not all screens are equal. It's not just resolution: there's colour reproduction, viewing angles, brightness, contrast and response time. On the non-technical side mentioned on the blog, they mentioned they wanted a manufacture who would make the panel for a long time. I would bet a dollar that Pi screen beats the £28-tablet display on all the above parameters I mentioned 3 things that might explain the price difference in my comment, not just economies of scale. I should have been clearer 1. Economies of scale 2. Difference in quality of the display 3. Booking factory capacity in advance (there's likely a huge opportunity cost to the manufacturer) >Are stand up comedy fans, kickstarterers, and film creators not part of Apple's target market? They are, but only if they buy/sell on iTunes. IMO - it's not the pleasure itself that is stigmatized, but the side-effects. Side effects including deteriorating health of the user, as well as the occasional resorting to immoral or even criminal means to feed the habit. There's also a whole dog-whistle aspect to the 'war on drugs' (e.g. massive differences in sentences on crack vs. cocaine offences) In the same vein as your comment, I might as well say back end development sucks because the default MySQL datastore quietly drops strings longer than the field[1]. These days front-end =/= Javascript[2] by a long shot (maybe yours is, but blame the person who made that decision for your project). 1. I don't know if that's still true. If it is, then I'm glad I no longer have to deal with MySQL. 2. GWT had strong-typing since forever. Not that I'm endorsing it, but it's still front end. I do recommend TypeScript entirely off-topic: 'Naledi' means 'star' (the celestial kind) in both Tswana and Sotho - 2 of South Africa's 11 official languages[1]. 1. Also included: English and Afrikaans. South Africa is a pretty diverse place https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Languages_of_South_Africa Most South Africans are multilingual, and English is commonly used (especially in urban areas. Rural tend to skew Afrikaans). "English is South Africa's lingua franca, and the primary language of government, business, and commerce"[1] However, only 9.6% of the population use English as their first ('home') language. Zulu has the highest proportion with 22.7% 1. http://www.southafrica.info/about/people/language.htm#distri... Nothing about open source precludes money from changing hands. Case in point: Red Hat. > Shitty business models are supported by advertising. Just because you do not like it doesn't make it a shitty business model: most sports are supported by advertising (e.g. NFL, UEFA). Endorsement deals, sponsoring teams/stadia/leagues and TV rights are just various forms of advertising. TV shows are also funded by advertising, as is most journalism that is not state-funded (a.ka. propaganda). > I think if people want your content they will pay. Publishers just need to bundle it the right way. This is incredibly difficult to do and all the attempts I am aware of have 'failed' by varying degrees (paywalls, app.net). If ad-blocking becomes a trend, I hope the websites as the blockers to pay instead of resorting to "native ads" or going out of business. Hopefully, the internet won't be stratified (rich vs. poor peoples versions of the web), but who am I kidding - happens in all other industries. However, my opinion is likely coloured by my circumstances: I am a biased 3rd-worlder. I'd prefer the status-quo and have the content I consume subsidised by ads targeted at the western middle class. I would not afford to pay for all the content I find interesting on the internet, especially now with the horrendous USD exchange rate. The sponsored content/"native advertising" is the next logical step. It can range from "product placement" in otherwise regular articles, to full-blown advertorials disguised as regular articles. No DOM-structure to block, no layout clues and very non-obvious to humans. I consider these to be more insidious than current ads that most are eager to block > Or, niche topics that can't draw enough support to stay afloat This isn't specific to adverts and applies to every industry/endeavour that depends on voluntary engagement for funding. Name one thing that does not require a minimum level of popularity to be self-sustaining > If there was a truly low friction way to get a single piece of vetted/high quality content for a marginal one time rate There is: ads, but people don't like them. I do no think there's anything that matches how frictionless ads are in exchanging value, but I'm sure someone else smarter than me might work it out; hopefully before the sites I like implode. How deliciously overt. Increase apps ecosystem & destroy competitors revenue in one blow. Which is good news for privacy because the one thing that can't track you is an app on your mobile device. It's a good setup, but I doubt it can scale. Ghostery is providing the blocklist, not Marco.I doubt they are going to stop anytime soon as they also have a browser extenstion that relies on it You don't have to wonder: Newsstand and iAd already exist. It's not a hypothetical. Apple is not "trying to take advantage of this" - it's an active participant! I'm sure there are several Sun Tzu quotes that can describe the unfolding proxy war. > "Apple doesn't believe in the long tail" Thank - you've succinctly put into words what's been bothering me about this whole affair. Economically, I am in the long tail (middle class 3rd worlder) and I think I've found the disconnect between me & the anti-ad folk. They are bothered by ads, and think if ad-supported sites shut down, nothing of value will be lost. Whereas I am not bothered enough by ads to feel strongly about it, and I don't want the ad-supported sites I frequent to disappear. I most likely won't afford to pay subscriptions in a post-ad world. I don't mind individuals blocking ads, but I fear the entire ad-supported ecosystem will be destroyed if a critical mass is reached. > Apple has done a pretty good job of building and supporting a long tail of app I think "adequate" is a better description of Apples efforts. Discoverability is still awful on the App Store, after many years. ...just like the Motorola ROKR Isn't Node more of an Application server though? I don't see Node replacing Nginx in the roles it's normally used for (serving static resources, reverse-proxy). I can't think of a single upside How about "taking heed of compiler warnings" as suggested by Linus? it's niether expensive nor mentally taxing To my knowledge, Contributor uses the same infrastructure and technology as ads, but with a different payload. All 3 problems you mentioned are problems being experienced today: 1. Google is already able to guage 'low quality' pages, co temt farms and pirates. This doesn't change 2. This happenens with ads, Google can add a rule saying you "can't have x amount of ads of you want to be on our network " 3.Likely to stay the same: I don't see how contributor makes fraud easier > In a place that is so startup-centric, I can't believe that there is so much pushback against startup-like pricing That would only makes sense if JetBrains were a startup. No one likes startup-like pricing for the sake of it- even on HN. Do you want 'startup-like pricing' for your car? I for one didn't like the pricing regime because it was retrogressive and changed what I understood to be a purchase into a short-notice rental. We already have enough food to feed the world[1]: the problem is distribution. Poor people can't afford to get a balanced diet that's already there, would the GM rice be miraculously free? 1. http://www.wfp.org/hunger/faqs > I'm no longer holding out hope that Java 8/9 will ever get to Android. That would be a little foolhardy on Google's part, don't you think? Considering the ongoing 'API copyright' wrangle that is Oracle v. Google I don't quite follow your argument (or if we're disagreeing). However, if they are allegedly infringing on version 6 of Java, how would follow-up infringements of versions 7 and 8 not be foolhardy? They are better off staying on Java 6 and eventually leaving Java altogether or only updating Java versions upon prevailing in Court (which might take a long while, appeals considered) It is likely that Google's take on "The ultimate Android experience" is different to yours: i.e. "cloud-sync" rather than "mount/unmount SD cards". FWIW - I'm pro-removable memory myself, for cost & convenience of data transfer Not iCloud: Apple would prefer you buy all your storage (NAND) from Apple rather than Kingston, Samsung or SanDisk. Soldered, with an Apple-sized margin. I don't think I'm being overly cynical, but I'm seeing qualifiers[1] all over the place. The phrases seem carefully constructed to suggest more privacy than what is actually offered. For example: "We don’t build a profile based on your email content or web browsing habits to sell to advertisers " but we do build profiles (bonus points for insinuating competition sells your information) "we don’t read your email or your messages to get information to market to you. " - but we do read and index your emails and messages, only to make our services and devices 'better' - by our definition The sentences are built to sound like the italicized parts are not there, yet they totally change (negate) the meaning. If I were a murderer, I could say "I do not kill men to eat their livers " and it would be 100% true, but it sounds like I'm not into killing at all. 1. Is that the word? Not a native speaker > Analogously, Apple only has iOS. There's no SafariOS. I'd say the Apple analogy would be iOS vs.MacOS. One could argue that the iPad Pro makes more sense if it ran MacOS. >> interoperate >That's what we're calling online profiling now? My Google Now cards on Android say "yes it is". They are driven by email, calendar entries and phone sensors all tied to my profile and it's bloody magical. YMMV. > The quality of writing coming out of wherever is not going to be the same as that of a native English speaker Any evidence supporting your statement? Or is it just pure anecdote. To counter your point: there is a long list of writers with accolades in writing (in English) who are not native speakers. There are people who are just poor at language, native or learned. Also, there's a class of errors that only exists among 'native speakers', the most grating to me, is "would of"