This was why I stopped using LinkedIn an Groupon though. The others are slightly deceptive, but not to the point of blatantly invading privacy like that. I'm facing this. I think it's a kind of trauma. I've dealt with death march projects too often, often becoming the 'hero' who has to bail out everyone's butts. At three points in my life, I've worked about 100 hours straight to rescue a project. I'm recovering. I tried coding something I like, but that didn't help. I tried vacations and sleeping it off. I tried binging on games. What works for me is a fan base. It's great to know your work has impact on people. It's nice to get "this is awesome!!" feedback, and better yet cash donations. I think the team itself has very little to do with it. There are awful teams, but in general, you can still get the same feeling from a superb team and great people. Productive engineers = happy engineers. Maybe try a simple project that you can feel the results. Especially if it can net you positive feedback. $25 last month, $0 this month. Founded in Malaysia, a year old. Three employees including me and my cofounder, and our operations executive who takes no equity. Funded $2500. Profitable but screw bootstrapping. It's usually about ego. It's not always bad people who have big egos. Sometimes good people have a large ego too. Consider the person who was told at 5 years old by his parents that he'll never be as good as his classmates. In school, they were told the same - by teachers, bullies, other authority figures that they'll be worthless unless they do something a certain way. Sometimes good people get pressured into this by friends, spouses, in-laws. Such a kind of person would be eager to prove others wrong. This is the kind of person who chases 'success'. They'll want to prove they are successful as a form of revenge or a way of impressing the in-laws. Buying expensive cars is the most obvious way. Or suits. Clothes. Houses. Sometimes there's insecurity and self-doubt. Everyone wants to improve, but the line for improvement is really vague. So they make it relative - compare progress to someone else rather than anchoring it to something solid, like savings. To many of these people, narrowing the minimum wage bar would be frustrating as it proves that they are hovering on the minimum line. Almost all my death marches happened when the project is being authoritatively led by a non-engineer. An engineer's estimate is usually conservative. If someone says it'll take 2 months, it'll probably take minimum two months. If you have good engineers, they're not trying to slack off by padding estimates. Respecting project estimates go a long way. The right team also matters. In some, we had interns working on a key component. I'm not saying interns are bad, but generally you don't want grumpy, underpaid people to work overtime. The designer has to respect the engineers. If you do a design that sticks to guidelines or something like Material Design, you'll be fine. But some designers try something really weird, in order to win an award, and some of those tiny details are pointless but would take 50% of the production time. I actually did ragequit in most of those jobs. I know it sounds tantrum-y, but I'd say it rescued a lot of those projects. When you quit a well-paid job, the company immediately assumes that you have a very good reason to quit and starts listening. Then they allocate some resources, like a tester, dedicated designer, and the API guy sits with front end for those 100 hours straight. Probably a lot more lol. For a founder of a non-profitable seed-stage startup, it's around $700/month. If you take a government grant, it's closer to $350/month + your tech skill market rate. Around these parts, it's quite rare for a founder to be full time on investor-funded salaries. Founders are expected to have a full time job, and pay a technical guy on the side. By comparison, a good engineer (3y, non-elite degree) would make about $1500/month. Yeah, but I do software development on the side. Inflation really hit hard over the last 10 years (like living costs practically doubled), so savings don't go very far. I'm in Malaysia. Yeah, the local market sucks here too. On the flip side, a metric like this has made some people a little too GitHub happy. They would put up private code because they liked the little activity indicators, and commit every 15 minutes of work. But now that I think of it, maybe they were fishing for another job. First, let's define value vs price. Price is how much the "valuation" is, exit price, maybe even cash flow. Value is how much wealth it creates. PG wrote a lot on this: http://paulgraham.com/wealth.html Basically build something really valuable, then figure out how to make money from it. Different things have different value. For example, Google is something extremely valuable, but they charge a tiny amount compared to the value they provide. Twitter and Facebook create a lot of wealth too. Even though they seem like toys, they're powerful and influential media sources. What about Wikipedia? Peter Thiel brought up this idea of X% of Y wealth. Something can create 5 billion dollars of wealth, but doesn't monetize well. Examples are Wikipedia and a lot of scientific research jobs. Something very valuable can be bought for cheap. Something can be overpriced and become a "unicorn" without creating that much wealth too. How much money people have also defines its price. If two $50B companies want to buy out a company, it can be sold very expensive. But if the only acquirers are $10M companies, it's going to sell at a few millions max, even if it's the same thing. Acquiring is often used as a way to hire. If something like Facebook dumps $1B on building a messenger, they may not succeed. And then something like WhatsApp comes up and threatens their billion dollar baby. So it makes sense to acquire early to cut out the threat, even at a premium. There's also localization to deal with. Let's say you want an e-commerce company in Indonesia, a huge and lucrative market. Logistics is very crude, laws are complicated, and there's a lot of corruption and bribery to be paid where an American wouldn't even know where to expect. Starting one is extremely risky and difficult. Nobody wants to hire 300 people in a month. This is where it makes sense to acquire at a premium. The reverse goes for talent. Generally companies in Indonesia could not find the same level of talent, because the brilliant people have moved to Sydney, Silicon Valley, and so on. If tech was a key component in their dominance, it's easier to just buy an Australian company than deal with recruiting locals or starting a company in a tech hub. Ego of the acquirer also plays a big factor. Some people just have a lot of money and are in a saturated market where they can't reinvest it in themselves. Usually telcos. They want to dump it into something that makes money, like logistics or e-commerce or SaaS. They usually overestimate their ability and underestimate the difficulty of the task, so they won't pay very much to acquire. Finally, the price of a company goes way up if it can monopolize an industry. This is why Facebook and Twitter is worth do damn much. Nobody will go to another microblogging site if they don't have to. Interestingly, the Chinese have their own versions, which are just as rich. In general, 1. Do important things 2. Do difficult things 3. Do things rich people can't do 4. Network effects That makes sense, but in my case, I actually have a lot of full app releases which are more complex, with higher ratings than most jobs I'm applying for. Skill level and interest is no question. What I wonder is that sometimes it seems to be a moral stance. You can see all these companies proud of what they contribute to OSS, using that fact to attract engineers. So it's not just about skill and passion. I used to interview with a lot of companies on Saturdays. It seems that some people squeeze it into their schedule when they like a candidate. I'd be quite biased against you, honestly. Most engineers have huge monitors to take in a large amount of code in their head at once. How do you catch up? Text to speech seems like a slow way to input information, especially if people were nesting brackets and such. On the other hand, that challenge would make it extra tough for you start in the first place and there'd be some positive bias as well. So I'd wonder if we got a superhero here. I guess there's no point in interviewing. What would I look for? Passion? Most blind people would give up and find another job, so there's more than enough passion. Problem solving? Why not solve a real problem? What I'd do is stop interviewing and give you some really tough code. It would be the actual job, take about three days on average, and even pay three days salary upon completion. Maybe something shorter might take 1 day, but it's not big enough to cover the question of whether you can modify other people's code. Whoa. This is amazing . I love how you guys estimated company growth. This is my default job search tool now! I didn't even know a lot of these companies were hiring, because they don't post it anywhere. If I had one suggestion, it would be figuring out which companies are desperately hiring (paying for lots of job ads on various sites) vs the ones that are passively hiring. Maybe even check how long the jobs have been open. Hmm that's odd. It's on my personal blog and set to public. Anyone else have this issue too? I second this. At tech companies, you'll be treated with a degree of respect. With many non-tech companies, you can be referred to as "the guys who spend the money that the sales team makes". They'll also make you clone products from companies like Slack and question you why the performance isn't as good, when they've already allocated a budget of $10,000. I think lots of companies only interview up to Level 2. I won't mention a certain big one, but they just test to make sure your brain grasps the concept of pointers. They do pay upscale salary and are in one of the major startup hubs. I'd say Level 2 is the optimum to be comfortable in for a degree level if you do a lot of tough stuff. Level 3 if you're in something more niche like optimizations. A huge, listed company like Google or Microsoft might do Level 4, only because they have the money to solve problems that give a 0.01% improvement and want to maintain that competitive edge. There's a reason for this - the best programmers have an abundance of job offers. So it's good not to annoy the candidate too much or to stretch out the interview process very long. As someone who has done hiring, when someone says that it's a tough decision, it is. They probably would have hired you if the circumstances were different, like if they had a lot more money or if the other candidates were much worse. Most likely you nearly nailed it. Keep trying! Maybe you should reconsider how you apply. Your goal should be convincing your employer that you're either a great coder or have the potential to be a superstar coder. I have interviewed for a lot of jobs, and didn't require a technical interview for any of them. You don't have to win the interview! I first got over it with a very strong recommendation and a top degree. They gave me a technical test and I convinced them that they should just offer me 3 months probation at half salary, because that would be a better test. Later on by showcasing projects and convincing the employer that I was the expert. An interview would be like "Have you used Fragments?" and I'd just hit them back with every pro and con and horror stories of using Fragments. Then they give an offer without further tests. You should think of yourself as a hacker, trying to get past the door. Instead of bringing every kind of key with you, be creative and see if you can go through the windows. Do whatever it takes to avoid those whiteboard interviews! Convince them you're the right person before you get to that stage! However, do remember that in order to convince others that you're a great coder, you have to convince yourself. Code can be a very emotional thing, like writing. If you don't believe in yourself, you may end up worse at it. I had one electrical engineer who applied. She put pictures of her projects in her resume. I didn't know if they worked, but because there were a lot of projects with pictures, it immediately put her at the top. She didn't have to give me any schematics or even explain how they worked. 95% of resumes were "I am a results-driven professional with 4 years experience. Please hire me. I will work for cheap." That girl was a fresh graduate who showed more stuff in her college months than the "pros" did. She turned out to be the best engineer I ever had, even surpassing my own skill. Just my statistics: I don't have a valid working visa in the US and have been applying almost exclusively to American companies. My "interview" rate is 10%. 100% if it's with people I know, even if I'm completely unqualified. My "rejection" rate is around 50%, within 2 weeks. I assume the rest won't say anything if they reject. General job sites (the ones where you can also apply to be a carpenter, etc) are a waste of time. They probably get so many resumes they end up tossing half of them. Stack Overflow Careers gave me an awesome ~30% of interviews. As in I applied 6 jobs and 2 interviewed. Both of them were jobs I didn't fully qualify for. Generally, direct emails gave me a 100% (5/5) response rate. An email, like careers@company.com, not a form. Email lets me mention in subject line that I used to have a startup, so I stood out. Most of them rejected on lack of visa though. I do spend ~10 minutes per cover letter. I really dig deep, like an investor would. I convince myself that I'm doing the company a favor by joining before writing the letter. In the end, you just have to convince one company. If you have a lead, immediately latch to it... do research on the company, the interviewer, and write questions. There's a certain bar you have to cross to convince people to hire. It's better to optimize for a few companies than to try to reach out to as many as possible. If you feel unworthy, then optimize for the lower tier companies who have lower standards. Acting will always bring higher quality voice. But what's great is the file size. It's probably small enough to fit into a roguelike though. Or something like Dwarf Fortress. A portal where small companies could apply for bespoke enterprise technical projects, without the hassle of bribing officials or writing long tenders. Context: I'm applying for jobs and someone asks me what the coolest thing I've made was. I do apps, which are very technically simple compared to speech processing. So I dug up my old thesis and tried to simplify it into a blog post. Maybe it might help people learn something or attract people interested in this? Please do criticize ruthlessly, since this will likely end up on my CV. Yeah, I do a recipe app and would be willing to pay (very little) for something like this too. We could even go so far as edit the ingredient data storage to suit the API. Can you drop him an anonymous email? Or just pass a note to HR? "Failed" startup founder here. For me, it's just a matter of what's more cost efficient. Statistically it's easier to get a job than funding. Very little of funding ends up in founders' pockets anyway. Salaries and openings for developers have gone way up lately. Entrepreneurs need to chase the best opportunity and timing. Also inevitably, you come across competition. Ideally you become best friends with your competitors. Because statistically, fail rate is high. The best employee is very often someone who can build/sell something very effectively. The best employer is someone who views you as an equal, works on your vision, and admires your strengths. So competitors are often a perfect match. Sorry, I meant for something like government projects and huge companies like banks. Because a lot of them have nowhere to list. The process is not fair, and in developing countries, people exploit this. Usually one person has the power to recommend and significantly affect the decision. That one person tends to get a lot of free lunches and free phones. The lack of competition also leads to overinflated prices on the buyer's end and over promising on the seller's end. If the average applicant offered to Project A for $1,000,000 in 4 months, and suddenly company 13 offers to do it for $400,000 in 1 month, something sticks out. If there were only 1-4 applicants, as usually happens for this situation, the shady inexperienced one will not stick out so much. As a result, a lot of these companies take these jobs and get burned, which damages the industry as a whole. Unemployed now. But normally I just tell the senior guys what's wrong. As a month-old employee, I once emailed the COO at 2 AM telling them we could use the technology to rate sites and make millions. COO was not impressed but he liked employees speaking up and encouraged me to email him more. Just a final bit of advice: most people would not look to hire someone "down on their luck". An optimistic and enthusiastic attitude certainly helps. Her stance should not be "I'm a great programmer but have not been given the chance to prove myself". It should be "I'm a great programmer who wants to save your company millions of dollars." Or even something like "I am happiest when writing code, but I'd rather be paid to do it." No, the company never made millions. I did quit the company and did a startup based around one of those ideas. I didn't make millions either. However, some of the ideas we brought up, like news aggregation and recipe aggregation were done by startups valued at millions. I was born in a third world country and lived in a (concrete) hut. It's most likely worse here tbh. Jerks are spread evenly across population. It's infectious too. If ten people are jerks to you today, it's likely you won't be as nice. Generally, smart people are more likely to leave bad places. And because they're more qualified, they have the option to. And so the jerks are left behind and bully the remaining people into becoming jerks. I think it's no coincidence there's so many jerks in places like China and India. 1 year for me. Ended up quitting and starting a cafe. Got seduced back into tech. 2 years into my career, I had built more apps solo than most agencies in my country. Meaning that I've worked with a lot of companies, a lot of visionaries, and none were imprrssive. A lot of them don't appreciate good products. Most would happily MVP forever. The latest request was to build a Tinder clone, on a $5000 budget. Sigh. I'm still looking for a full time job that I can actually focus and enjoy with. It's like being that guy who sleeps with a different girlfriend every month, but it's such an unfulfilling way to live. Maybe I'm getting old, but would really like to settle down with a company that respects their product. Honestly, I feel that they're not losing any customers as compared to the small overhead they'd take if they implemented it. It's not really a selling point for most people. Even Facebook took quite a long time to universally implement HTTPS. The potential that lies within a job is correlated to how much value you can contribute to the company. When I look for a job, I screen it like an investor. I look at the team, the market size, the product. Team is especially important. 1. What are the bosses' background? Someone who worked at Facebook will have an entirely different approach than a management consultant. Sniff out culture and make sure it suits you. People's work and personal habits are very different - this is where you tell the two. 2. Look at the org chart. Organization charts are like software architecture. There is no "best" org chart; just what it's optimized for. If it insists on being a flat heirarchy, assume that it's an anarchy. You just want to make sure that they respect your role. For example, one company has sales, marketing (separate from sales), finance, operations. Operations is then split into logistics, IT. Product development is squished under IT. This is likely a bad company for engineers. Likewise, I've seen companies where at least 50% of the budget is engineering. 3. What is the value of your role? If you make $100k, how are you contributing $200k to your company annually? If you find that you can only contribute $30k or that the position is worthless in a year, that's a red flag. 4. Growth rate. If a company's profit is doubling every year, there will be much less bureaucracy and politics. 5. Sniff out bullshit. I ready the most uncomfortable questions I can find. Why aren't they hitting a good growth rate? Why are they hiring so many people on $1M of funding? If they give you an honest "Uhh.. well.. I don't know," that's fine. It's difficult to lie. You want to detect the ones who lie as a reflex. It's very important for them to learn and to get feedback from them. But very often the flaw is in how you do this. One on one feedback is good. But make sure this is about them, and is not some performance review. Make it a safe place for them to bring up problems with the company. Learning is good. But only learn things that help them. This can be one of the most hated things in an organization, when a manager sends them for training if there's work to be done. A lot of people like Google's 20% time, but I find it a distraction. Bottom line: help them be productive. Productive engineers = happy engineers What I do is not look for the "best", but keep scaling 10x. So start with targeting 1,000 users, then 10,000, then 100,000 and so on. Parse is awesome to start with at that 10,000 user mark. Parse seems to scale its costs poorly though. Past the smaller scale you have a lot of choices. Azure. AWS. Firebase. IBM's thing. All have their pros and cons. Ctrl+Shift+W on a browser. Singapore has been at that price for a while, with the technical skill and English ability to match Canadians. If you want a further discount, a really good Malaysian or Filipino programmer goes for $16k market rate. Similar culture to USA. Pay $30k and they'll happily code for you at night shifts forever. My car honestly. Or from the stairs of someone else's office building. Just feels gritty that way. By five years you should already have a system. I went from calling things "xStuff" to "xUtils". A level up is where you can write names in such a way it detects bugs: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Wrong.html I did something similar to this but made the desktop upside down. Then inverted the mouse so that if someone pulled the mouse, the cursor would go up (as if the screen is upside down). A general rule I stick to is that the person who gets a salary gets less than 2 digits equity early stage. Same applies for founders who work 40 hours a week and so on. How important is everyone to the success of the startup? If you have 5%, you should be increasing the valuation of the company by 6%. 26% share should increase valuation by 36%. 36% share increases it by 57%. However, this assumes it's unpaid. The ones getting salary need to increase valuation by far more. I don't know the credentials, but if the two larger portion guys play a big role in valuation, it should be fine. E.g. good degrees, previous experience with startups, investments, rare skills. The default best move is to join a young company. I never had the luxury of joining good companies so I started one. Given the choice, I'd join a good company any day. The odds of success (as in actually making more money than working full time) is about 20%. What I'd suggest is start working on side projects. Scripts that make something easier. A tool. Side projects like todo lists and note taking apps turn into billion dollar companies. Not quite true. I love what I do, but what I do is really hard work. It is such excruciatingly hard work thay it slowly rips out my sanity. I can imagine this is the same for academics. Plus a lot of the job are things that they hate doing - politics, fundraising, dealing with hopeless students, writing modules that never get used. Many of them spend all their time doing these things, and the "overtime" is necessary to get the real work done after all that. I really like this. I was about to ask what makes it better than bootstrap, skeleton, foundation etc. But it's really straightforward, so I can focus on raw code instead of thinking of nice formatting. Sometimes I just want a page to display data. This works perfect for that. Monopoly is such an underrated game. It's about negotiation and alliances. I think their biggest mistake is calling it Monopoly, implying it was one person killing off everyone else. It might be more interesting if it was called Balance of Power. It has to be played with around 4+ people. They need to trade favors along with their land. With enough players, the favors owed last long enough to make a difference. The randomness simply makes negotiation power the main focus of the game. E.g. if you land on a rival's hotel and go broke, a rich ally can pay you premium on your land. You'll realize early on that everyone is either going to be doomed or super-rich, so it's worth being diplomatic really early on. When someone starts to snowball into a monopoly, they have to start laying low, while the others have to encourage the others to pile pressure. The players have to notice this trend early, at the point where it makes sense to 'blacklist' certain players. It's a game with about as much depth as Settlers of Catan, without having to worry about too much complexity. I'd raise my eyebrows at that 3% stat. Spend a week in Japan and you'll see that it isn't a 50-50 ratio of women: men commuting to work. Are all those housewives classified as employed? Well, this sucks. My company is about to get acquired for our technology. A huge part of the tech relies on Parse. I mean they were charging for it! Who would think that they will shutting down? I guess we'll have to rebuild that part from scratch starting right now. Haha, this has a lot about what I hate about Android. I actually did quit programming and became a barista, because of the exact thing he said. Then I slowly got into programming again. I actually started when Fragments were being introduced. Now that was a nightmare. The backwards compatibility was a red herring. The real problem was that Fragments were a poor practice, unsuited for many apps and teams... but Google played them out as The Next Big Thing. Today it's happening with Material Design. I like LaTeX but it was very tedious for resumes. With resumes, you sometimes want to change the format entirely. LaTeX is great for a consistent format, not so much when experimenting. Markdown also has the benefit of giving you an up to date plaintext resume. I like that a lot, considering a lot of job sites like to automatically (and poorly) convert PDF into plaintext. The odds of getting in are not high. For most people who aren't ivy league grads, haven't worked at Google or Uber, or don't have 6 digits of revenue, it might not be worth the time. And if you still haven't figured your business plan, you might want to do it before applying. Pivoting within an accelerator is not a comfortable experience, and would be a waste of time for Demo Day. Also I'm not sure how well YC works for married entrepreneurs with kids. There doesn't seem to be a lot of married YC founders, but do correct me if I'm wrong. A lot of the advice they give is already out in the open. So unless you need the cash or connection, you might not want to. 10 programmers and no source control sounds like a recipe to make this even worse than it had been. Well, science is about doing experiments. It's really difficult to isolate causality with psychology, but possible to at least identify patterns. And then it takes more experiments to peel off those patterns. This is a really good case of science at work. It's an experiment that specifically targeted ego depletion and couldn't find it. I find it a bit worrying that so many people immediately agree to the conclusion proposed by these experiments. Ego depletion is one thing, but there are other well-known effects like Pavlov's Dog. JSON. The way it displays and organizes complex data, better than other standards like CSV or XML. Or the things that use tables. When I first started programming, I had two favorite ways of storing data - INI and arrays. INI for its elegant key/value style. Arrays were just natural because of the way computers think. I spent months trying to mold these two things together; how would you actually store key-value things within an array? Do you make an array of pointers that lead to key-value objects? (I used C) JSON is just this beautiful thing that lets you store data however you want. It's beautiful because it doesn't get in the way. Not only that, but it's a data structure you can understand just by looking at it; you'd have to squint to understand raw XML or a SQL table. I think there's a saying in this community - work on a startup that a few people really want, rather than something a lot of people kinda want a little. That would also apply to having a "life". Live your life in a way that a few people will greatly love you and miss you. Rather than spend time with a lot of people who kinda enjoy your company a little. There's certainly enough time in an early stage startup to treat your closest people well. I have a great lunch with my wife all the time. I bathe my daughter, play bubbles, and dance with her. I mentor young entrepreneurs. Do things that people will remember you for after you're dead. Or at least the things they'll remember 5 years from now. It varies a lot per person. The effects are 6 hours for me, less than 1 hour for my father (who smokes), and can last over 18 hours for my wife and mother-in-law. I haven't seen the studies on caffiene half-life, but I suspect the variation is very high. I personally take it early morning and after a siesta. I would define it as something that evokes emotion and admiration. It can be something that makes you calm, angry, disgusted. The more so, the better. Javascript and Windows are great examples of this. Almost always you'd sit there and wonder why anyone would go to the lengths to build this. Lengths can mean that they went to the effort of simplifying a complicated thing or even making a complicated thing absurdly complicated. E.g. I see beauty in the Sydney Opera House, not only because of its form, but because they managed to build a grand opera house in one of the least culturally sophisticated cities in the world. There's just something completely out of place about the Sydney Opera House and that's what makes it so beautiful. Most people think the characteristic roof symbolizes sails, but it's actually an orange peel. It's like a clever prank. When you go back to the Hackers and Painters essay - PG tries to associate the two together. Beautiful hacks are like shortcuts that work. Almost always a great hack does something dumb, but is very effective. Volunteer's dilemma. If everyone tells (honestly), it benefits the group as a whole. If only one tells, it would be to that individual's disadvantage, since she'll be seen as violating company secrecy policy. Some companies do set wages as confidential info. Can you just not do work or do it really half assed? You can consider it like a sabbatical. Spend your months "training" yourself. Rewrite the code in a new language. Refactor the existing code and optimize it. You're still doing work. It sounds like you have an open playground and even get paid on the side. This is nice! I almost want to steal the idea and make an app out of it :p Some things are deeply emotional and will attract downvotes no matter how intelligent the group is. E.g. religion, politics, gender issues. I'm not sure what it's it like for some countries, but having done a cafe of my own, I found gross profit margins on restaurants to be huge. As far as making money goes, restaurants are a near foolproof way to convert time and money into more money. Of course running a restaurant can be extremely tiring and frustrating. The money is good because not many people have the patience to work 60 hours a week for 10 years straight to make a million dollars. It's just better to do a startup or get a full time job making games or something. Often Murphy's Law is just poor planning. 1. Two is one and one is none. Redundancy helps for critical situations. 2. 95% of the code is usually done by launch, but that remaining 5% is often the hardest part that people procrastinated on. Usually certain kinds of bugs. 3. People tend to cram in more features on the last minute, adding more bugs. If anything projects should be planned out with lots of "do nothing" padding right before launch. Monitors are designed to be viewed at close range, from multiple near angles. TVs are designed to be viewed several meters away, at roughly the same angle. TVs play content of the same frame rate, so there's no reason for them to be any more precise. Monitors can go at very high frame rate as the content can be very fast paced, especially gaming monitors. Freesync/gsync also integrates with the graphics card to reduce lag. This is the most expensive part of these monitors. Oh I skimmed it to the stats. It was showing a competitor monitor's stats. Still the same principle. I mean I'm reaching the jaded, cynical senior programmer attitude where I just can't muster up the emotions. There will be a few, but not quite the extreme, startup mindset. So I'm looking for a way to migrate to a style where I can do without them. I know a couple who married after founding a startup together. A VC said that they frown on it, because it meant that breakups would be very messy. But that's really the only negative. The upside is that you two would be the only ones who really understand the other's career. The current startup I work is is also run by a married couple, and the founders encouraged me to bring my wife into the company as well. To be quite honest, I think it's difficult to avoid getting attracted to your co-founder. You'll be going a lot of places together. I've shared the same hotel & bedroom with my co-founder for months. And you tend to share all secrets together, very much like a married couple, if not more so. Actually, I might just end up building my own system. I'm surprised that solution never occurred to me, as I've been trying hard to squeeze existing methodologies into my life and it doesn't work. I've had a lot of admiration for military techniques and how they train people to get past fear and drop bad habits. I'll probably adopt a mix of XP and some military techniques. Just pitch the idea to them. How long will everyone be vested? 4 years is the norm, but I had a recent deal for 2 years. IMO the shares should be split roughly equally among founders. Ideally everyone should admire the other and think the other person deserves more shares As a ground rule, someone who is initially taking salary from the startup or refusing to work more than 40 hrs/week should only have one digit equity. The corollary applies: if someone is taking less than 10%, don't expect them to work overtime. Another thing to be really clear about is the level of commitment expected. You'd probably have to work 60 hours/week to make a startup work, especially in the start. Startups are not exactly a way to get richer faster, but to get more work done in a week. All the founders should be expected to go in full time or overtime with no other jobs, no part time jobs, and definitely while not a student somewhere. At the very least you can make it work with 40 hours/week. Maybe even part time. But both of you should have the same expectations. Because if one person works 50 hours, the other works 40 hours, it can lead to a lot of arguments. I also had an issue with my first cofounder in that he expected to keep his high paying corporate job and do minimal work, except for negotiations, handling nothing on the ground. Investment amount needs to be worked out - will both of you put in money? Is one person going to put in money and the other puts in more time? If one person is more qualified than the other, she should expect to put in less money and time than the other partner, for the same equity. You also need to align on values - I had this issue where I wanted to pay my employees as high as possible, and my partner wanted to skimp on paying them, even getting interns to work for free whenever possible. Some people want to donate the company's money to religious causes. Some might disagree strongly on environmental issues. I had a potential partner once argue that it's fine to use toxic materials because customers will get cancer for something else anyway. A usual mistake is to overlook all these problems because she was your friend, and nothing went wrong. But these problems come up even more in a startup. I would say that it would be dangerous to not want to get married to a cofounder. The company will bind the couple together, at least until acquisition. A romantic/sexual fling can end very, very poorly, and such problems can carry over into the startup. Would someone be happy if he felt she used her and then dumped him for the next guy? If a cofounder marries some other guy later, would her husband be happy that she still sees her ex every day at the office? At least with office romances, someone can change jobs if it gets too awkward. Mostly unrealistic expectations. There are very few software investors in Malaysia. Most come from something like civil engineering or telco, with very different expectations. They see it as just another place to put money, vs property or the stock market. Corruption here is high too. So there is very little trust, as people almost expect a VC's friend to scam money from a fund and "fail". Nobody will give you a $100k check and let you do whatever. Either it's pay and claim or they demand a meeting every week to ask how you've spent the money. The region also has very little respect for a good product. They care more about your marketing (or growth hacking) plans rather than product-market fit. It's all negotiable. But come to written terms on it instead of assuming. By default, if it's an even share, everyone should put in an equal amount of money and time. But if you have a $100k job and your friend has a $150k job, then if both you quit your jobs, your friend will have invested more. But it's all relative and can be agreed on. Read "48 Laws of Power" by Robert Greene. I find it to be a far better book than The Prince, well explained with examples from history. It is a skill though. A lot of people have contempt for politics, but I believe you have to embrace it and work with it to get ahead. Much like dealing with black hat hackers, sometimes you just have to know the techniques to defend yourself wherever needed. There are ways to raise an issue. An easy method is to question the reasoning with an open mind. Point out flaws in the plan without it being an attack. It's more likely to be viewed as an attack if raised in front of people. We sold off the company. It's just not possible to build a company that doesn't bootstrap. But where there's a problem, there's also an opportunity. It's not necessarily a bad thing. It means that competitors are either poorly funded or on a political leash by VCs. It's possible to do "low hanging fruit" companies, knowing that someone can't just come in and compete. They'd have to work about half a year just to secure angel funding. And the lack of good early stage VCs means that we could become early stage VCs in a few years. I've done all of these. Coffee - it consistently works, more so if combined with L-Theanine. Meditation - doesn't help. I've tried headspace, TM, many of the apps. Part of the problem is that it does chill me out, which makes me unproductive. The main benefit is after meetings, where I usually get pissed with coworkers. Exercise/walks - it feels good, makes me think better, but the data shows no change in productivity. I've been doing med-high intensity exercise for nearly a year. The list - really the only one that works. The only real problem is when something in the schedule forces me off. I've been modifying it heavily this last week. It's full of if-else statements now, lol. I might just end up putting it in an app to command me what to do, based on the daily situation. Speaking of writing, Tim Ferriss's Tools of Titans interviews writers heavily. A very consistent pattern is that they do work late at night or morning and often with some kind of music repetitively running or meditation. A lot of them also procrastinate heavily, some even making it a routine to procrastinate half the day, feel guilty, then use the guilt to channel energy into their work. Learning this made me question my disciplined attempts and wonder whether it's really possible to be productive without binging. It doesn't help that YC programmers are notorious for working really hard for really long hours. I just got out of my burnout phase. It's similar - I've done a lot of startups. It took me well over a year to get out of it. I spent practically a year playing games (thanks acquisition money!) My only job was teaching for a while. I honestly don't know what worked. The games, travel, spas, and idle time didn't help much. If anything, they made me feel worse about spending lots of money and time. They pressured me to do more. Freelancing was such a terrible idea. I ended up losing money and getting even more burnt out. After that, I refused to do any coding at all for a while. The teaching assignments helped quite a bit. It was well paid and I got to achieve my bucket list of visiting every state in the country. Teaching is also really easy with enough years under your belt and it's relaxing to have a lot to say. It's even more relaxing if they pay well. I did a lot of exercise. Felt better than ever, but didn't cure it. Same with meditation. I think what finally got me out of it was working 7 days a week on low difficulty tasks. It sounds really dumb to treat burnout with more work, but it worked for me. Maybe startup people have their comfort zone working 60 hours a week? You might not even want to do hard work coding. Try working in F&B or some other grunt job. Somehow it was like a meditative process. Just do something that feels like it's not a total waste of time. Another approach is to hire freelancers and convert them into juniors if you like them enough. Juniors are an investment. Freelancers may secretly be seniors at junior salary. Also when hiring programmers, you should be doing so from programmer communities (GitHub, SO) rather than job sites. Even FB groups will give you better odds. 400+ applicants sounds like you're hiring from the wrong places. In Asia, children are a retirement scheme. Sure, there are pensions and build a board. But in case of illnesses or strokes and so on, children are expected to take care of you, because nurses certainly won't. Children are also a measure of wealth - someone with a mansion and no kids is still considered poor. If you build a business empire, your children are the ones who manage it and continue running it. If you make mistakes while building a business, you have someone to explain it to who can learn from them and do much better. Plus there is the very biological requirement of passing on your genes. I don't believe anyone can truly be dead as long as their genes go on. Perhaps the most productive and ambitious person in this world is Elon Musk, and he has 6 kids. No, but I don't feel unwelcome either. It doesn't feel much like a community, perhaps by design? It feels more like a place where people can anonymously voice out. Google for example could probably work with one person, but what would happen is that Sergey and Larry would have ended up inventing their own search engine companies and competed strongly with one another. It wouldn't end up even half the size if it wasn't two equally intelligent cofounders working together. That's a huge advantage of the co-founder system: you absorb your competitor instead of fighting them. It's sounds like plain racism. It will probably hurt your odds of getting a job, but I wouldn't worry too much about personal info. What I've noticed is that India is a really big place and the spectrum consists of some of the smartest people you'll ever meet and some of the absolute dumbest people. Unfortunately, most people only really have access to the dumb ones. So they extrapolate that into a stereotype of all Indians. I guess there's not much to do but keep going. I'm not sure whether you can report the incident to anyone, but it sounds awfully difficult without evidence. It sounds like information overload if you really visit all these sites every day? Speaking of which.. https://emergency.nofap.com Oh wow, indiehackers is amazing ️ I'm very much in love with Parse Server. Besides that, I sort of want to go as minimalist as possible on the front end. I went clean for a while, relying on just jquery and CSS and it felt great, after all this time spent on Bootstrap. It just offers me so much control and customization to be free of frameworks sometimes. I have paid people to do it for me. Things like a camera, marker for Google Maps, YouTube integration into an app. Sometimes I just want someone to Google and test solutions for me, especially where it's poorly documented. But this was great when I had less experience. As someone more senior, I can code faster than I can outsource, and reading code is harder than writing. The tech and docs have improved a lot since then. And I've had a lot of bad experiences recently which made me stop. I would also strongly oppose "first to produce an answer". Good answers take time and rewarding speed will encourage sloppy, buggy answers, some of which ignore the requirements. It also discourages detail oriented people from starting in the first place. Well more in regards to racism. General racism hurts the people of the race that is discriminated against. A country with a billion people would have roughly 10x more outliers than a country with 100M people. Reminds me of WhatsApp. I got a similar dodgy looking email from Dell. It was from some different e-mail address (dellteam.com instead of dell.com). It was a failed transaction. The email was completely dodgy, had several typos. There was a lack of instructions on what to do, just a "please contact us". I tried to contact customer service instead of the representative, but it was impossible because I needed an order code, which they never gave me. Emails to the individuals were never replied to and he insisted on only calling and handling a bank transfer over the phone. The whole situation was very similar to a man in the middle attack. It turned out to be legit, but the whole situation makes me never want to order anything from them again. I tried that. You'll get it in sales rather than profit, and it was slower than just getting a job. You need money in the first place because it's a %. I've done it all, from freelancing to startups to starting a cafe. What consistently worked for me is teaching, in hours worked, risk/repeatability, and overall time (3 months). The cafe brought me that kind of sales in about 10 weeks, but after factoring all the other costs, the income was lower than an average salary. Startups are very slow to set up. Something with 5%-10% margin would be faster to set up - get a product, hack together an online shop, drop some money on Google ads. But when you look at profitability it could take way more than a year for that kind of money. Cafes are faster. A startup with 90% profit margin would bring in the income much faster, but it may take a very long time to build such a thing, easily 3+ months. Freelancing is good. A fixed price project would pay that well in about 1 month if you're good and reputable. I've been offered about 4 projects crossing the $10k mark, but all of them failed for some reason (mostly miscommunication). A beginner freelancer might make about $25-$50 an hour. But with similar experience, you might get about $50-$75 an hour teaching bootcamps or individuals. The reasoning being that most people who hire freelancers instead of in house programmers are broke startups or don't have tech as their core. The price for freelance coding is also pegged against people all over the world. So some lady in India or Indonesia would be equally happy making 5x less. With teaching, your competitors are geographically limited. Also, programming is very tiring work and teaching not so much. So you can put in many more hours and it's more suitable for someone working full time. It's not that much harder for Android. In fact, with Anko, there's even more reason to pick it up for Android. The pain point in using Java is huge for Android because a lot of Android functionality adds more boilerplate. Another way to make fast cash is hackathons, but you'd need really good presentation skills. Phone interviews are best for filtering for culture and personality fit. I certainly wouldn't ask a coding question on the phone, because there's a lot of muscle memory involved in coding. I would only do phone interviews on someone completely faceless, perhaps from a job site. About 80% of people have just fine personalities. It's usually easier to tell a person's personality by stalking them on social media. You probably just want to avoid the overwhelmingly negative or egoistic people. Sounds like it would be worth a lot less when the fidget spinner fad dies out. lol, I would have been happy to pay twice as much for that, as you had organic growth and paying customers. The ROI is pretty good even if you do nothing. But you did very well, congrats. I do like this thread. It's sort of a nice shopping spree and it's surprising there isn't already a startup that does this. I chunk all work down to 2 hours max. Keep chopping it up until I can get it small enough. Then I completely focus for the period of time needed, no other distractions, 15 to 120 minutes. It's similar to the Pomodoro method, except with a max of 2 hours. If I feel the urge to do something else, I jot it down to be done in the break. I then force myself to take a mandatory break after the estimated time is over. If I expect a distraction during the needed time, like a meeting or lunch, I do something else that fits the time slot. If I'm uncertain how long a task takes, I put aside 1-2 hours to hack a disposable prototype or do research. It's sad if growing vegetables was a positive impact because people stopped growing their own food a long time ago under the assumption that doing everything else was more productive. I wish I had more impact. There are a lot of big problems I'd love to solve but nobody is requesting my help to tackle them. I mean there is no stepping stone. I feel like I'm the only one who wants to make a difference, in a world where everyone is focused on selling fashion and cosmetics for quick money. There are big problems - e.g. energy, AI (AGI), destructive culture, corruption, education in developing countries. The big problems are terrifying to fix. They're not something that can be changed solo. It needs critical momentum. Unfortunately, outside of a few big cities, there is little momentum going towards the important things. This is not necessarily the best approach in this case, because taking the helm means doing a lot of management work and almost no coding. Think of it like sports. Programming is fun. But professional programming? It's very often competitive. You have to remain at peak (mental) fitness. You'll spend a lot of nights and family gatherings just looking at tech stuff to keep up to date. You become adored, respected, have a lot of money and power. But with that comes unrealistic expectations. People expect you to win and keep winning. You end up exhausted by the middle of the day and people will still expect you to keep going. You start taking performance enhancers to deal with the pressure. First, it starts with Jolt and Red Bull. Then you experiment with nootropics, going for any edge. Then you start hacking your own habits and routines. You end up on death marches. Heck if you're a startup, all of them will feel like a death march. You can quit and have your team lose, or march together with them with almost no chance of success. If this appeals to you, then you might just enjoy a career as a developer. It's not about the highs, but enjoying the lows as well. There are less stressful versions of the job, but then it pays a lot less than management consulting. A recruiter once turned me down for not having work rights in the US, then called me after I pointed a link to my blog. It helps. From Wikipedia: "In the early days of FedEx, Smith had to go to great lengths to keep the company afloat. In one instance, after a crucial business loan was denied, he took the company's last $5,000 to Las Vegas and won $27,000 gambling on blackjack to cover the company's $24,000 fuel bill. It kept FedEx alive for one more week." A story generator, based around tvtropes. Two ways worked for me: 1. Get away from everything for a month. Visit another country. Go somewhere completely foreign and immerse yourself. It jolts your brain away from whatever habit you have now. It can be a bit expensive so a lighter detox can work - cut yourself off from all websites and apps for at least a week. 2. Overwork yourself. It doesn't have to be hard work. Maybe work fast food at night, work in a warehouse by day. As long as it keeps you too busy to do the things you need to do. IMO a lot of blocking tools don't help. If you block FB or Reddit, you just replace it with some news site or game. A lot of legacy code just works. Building something new or updating means introducing new bugs, even if aggressive testing catches it. New tech isn't always better. I tried to convert one site from PHP to RoR once. At the time, it seemed like a great idea, now it seems pointless. Still, is it really necessary to change a site from C to Java? Another issue is that it can be very expensive. Google and Facebook is always cutting edge tech because their survival depends on it. Same with Boeing or Rolls Royce. But ask a bank if they can spend a few millions upgrading from C to Java and they'll be very unhappy. Advertisers don't care how many clicks they get. They care about how many purchases. FB/Goog both allow them to track ad efficiency down to sales. If I spend $3000 on marketing, I don't care so much on how many scam clicks it gets but rather that I make at least $3030 profit at the end of the campaign. I see more situations where they list a high upper salary but also high (optional) requirements. People who don't meet the optional requirements don't get above average pay. One interview I had people adding on expectations and requirements during the interview. She talked about how they were looking for someone who knew big data in a mobile job, which is not something normally expected. And that salary is lower for people who don't meet those expectations. Agreed, automation can take far more time than it saves. Especially in very early stages, when you don't even know which features are used often. Something like payment is a given, but not other things. This is especially useful in countries like Malaysia and Indonesia. There was this company with really poor reviews on Glassdoor - most the negative reviews were low salary. I practically canceled the interview on reading these reviews. I went to the interview to probe them on salary, which they brushed off and said there were two more stages of interview. This seems like a lot of hassle just to get to a stage where I'd possibly turn it down, so I goofed around in the interview to get rejected. A few years later, this company publishes salary range on job posts. They paid above average salaries for the country, great purchasing power. But most of their hires were Europeans, who got comparatively very low salaries. Basically they just screwed themselves by obscuring the salary, because they weren't meeting expectations for some people, even though they were already paying above expectations for others. Pay someone else to handle it. It might actually cost you quite a bit early on, but a relative or friend might be happy to help. This article covers it well: https://theawl.com/a-complete-taxonomy-of-internet-chum-de0b... It's about the ads you usually find at the side and bottom of dodgy sites. An exact quote from the site: "Like everything else on the internet, traffic flowing through chumboxes must be tracked in order for everyone to be paid. Each box in the grid’s performance can be tracked both individually and in context of its neighbors. This allows them to be highly optimized; some chum is clearly better than others. As a byproduct of this optimization, an aesthetic has arisen. An effective chumbox clearly plays on reflex and the subconscious. The chumbox aesthetic broadcasts our most basic, libidinal, electrical desires back at us. And gets us to click." So you get all kinds of disgusting, disturbing and yet fascinating things that entice you to click. Clicking the most disturbing thing encourages more content like that. I'm going to assume director means upper leadership of a project? The transition is not so hard. Think of it as another programming language, another architecture. Your team is like a machine. You are not in it. You don't work in it. You build it. You improve and iterate on it. Your job is to look at it from the outside and see what can be improved. You also have to make sure that information flows from top to bottom well. The lowest intern needs to understand that strategic goals and focus of the team. That's really what motivating is. As tech management, one of the most effective thing you can do is to train the ones below you. You should take complete responsibility for what happens in your team. One of your junior programmers breaks the product? Sexual harassment? A core member ragequitting? Your fault. Ben Horowitz's The Hard Things About Hard Things is what I'd recommend most on engineering leadership. Extreme Ownership by Wilink, Jocko is a good book on general leadership. Do avoid a lot of the things on Business Insider, Forbes, or other business blogs. I had the same issue around the middle of my job. I took a break, started a cafe, thought F&B would be something better. It immediately shocked me back into programming. That's one approach - just do something else (preferably low cost) and see what you like more. Some people did up liking F&B more than tech. It sounds like you're suited for management or teaching. You're humble enough to have impostor's syndrome. You're at the sweet spot for management/teaching age. Despite what you feel now, you've probably learned a lot about different kinds of tools and which one to pick in what situation, even if you're not great at using them. You have also learned how trends evolve in time and have better instinct for when to adopt a new technology or use an older one. Management isn't that hard either, but it needs someone who can understand what the engineers are going through and get things out of the way. My hack was to start a startup and see it all the way through, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you're really desperate. Another approach might be to teach bootcamps or some community college. You're probably extremely qualified by teaching standards, unless you hate teaching. I have seen a few individuals work longer hours and succeed. But more often it's the kind of project they would sneak away to do, instead of sneak from. Software is one of those industries that runs so efficiently on passion, although passion is a limited resource. I do think progress is proportional to time spent on it. The only question is how much time you can get in and at what cost. You can always push harder, but it can lead to burnout and deplete passion. For e-commerce, logistics. What product? It seems a bit colder here. HN is content oriented. No profile pics, no rep. It matters more what you say than who you are. It sounds like you would get 40k cash then but have to look for a new job. I don't see it as a bad deal. I don't see why not. You would end up working with the acquiring company. Often post acquisition jobs can be quite good, and it's an easier way to work at something like Microsoft. Bitcoin has historically gone up much faster than 7% a year and can go down much faster too. Currency being what it is, it is to everyone's benefit to eventually agree on one. In most cases, it is not useful to diversify, but with crypto's make or break, your $100 could be worth $100k in the future or $0. I would say don't try to do everything. A lot of frameworks - bootstrap, WordPress, etc start off quite well, then become extremely tedious because they try to be too powerful. I've stopped building "responsive" altogether and just go for simpler websites that look good on both web and mobile. But I would pay for components. I would pay for form validation for example. Or something that makes data and chart look good on a touchscreen. Just don't force me to take everything else bundled with it. It's hard to say who was the greatest. Very different. All the good mentors give you one on one time. I would say my thesis supervisor was the best. Taught me the whole process of engineering, how to actually build an epic project. How to break down a huge project into components and how to make sure each component works. Real mentors do personal, 1 on 1 sessions specifically with you. Books are great but a mentor is a step up. Usually the good mentors expect you to have already read all the main books in the industry. The saying is that the teacher will come when the student is ready. For one thing, people who become masters want to teach. If there's anything more fun than using a skill you've mastered, it's teaching that skill. But most people are not open to teaching. Sometimes they just end up talking to themselves on Twitter, reaching an audience that can't quite understand them. Proteges also offer another perspective on things. It's useful for mentors to bounce ideas off them, or even someone who can see things from a more naive, open minded perspective. Someone who has all these ideas but isn't yet cynical. So mentors are actually looking for proteges, even though they don't advertise it. I think all you need to do to find a mentor is to do things in a specific direction. Eventually you bump into someone who is impressed by your ambition and chooses to be a mentor. But a common theme in PG's writing is to hack... it literally is to be used for next week. Productivity is measured in lines of code. Technical debt is acceptable; as a lot of the code will be erased anyway in an early stage of a startup. Besides the designing before coding part, I don't think this was quite his intent when saying discipline. Nootropics are nothing magical. The effect is similar to listening to the right music or working at the right time. Effectiveness drops sharply past caffeine. The big ones are exercise, diet, and sleep. These do more than most nootropics. Exercise: A run, hike, some cardio at least once a week. Walking in a shopping mall doesn't count. Diet: Your brain runs on glucose. Keep your glucose level moderate. Caffeine is an obvious one, but I find that the side effect of caffeine is that it makes you more anxious. Personally, I'm already under stress so the extra kick from caffeine makes it worse. It's suitable if you're feeling exhausted, but not something to take every day. L-Theanine is the most effective I found. L-Theanine is both calming and focusing. It's great during a deadline, or stressful situations like negotiations and interviews. It's my go to drug for programming as often I have to calm myself down from getting too energetic. You can combine L-Theanine with caffeine, as they complement each other. It depends on how your day is going. Vitamin E injections (not pills) seem to work very well for me. The effect is similar to exercise in that it feels better, and it's really obvious when it wears off. I'm surprised there isn't more documented evidence for this. I thought I was the only one! It seems to be some primal fear that while I'm concentrating on something, someone will pounce me. So it discourages me from focusing too deeply into a problem. freecodecamp, for web development From your competitors! I'm not kidding. If there's a market for your product, there will be an alternative product for it. Like for me, I had a recipe app. My competitors were recipe blogs, Facebook pages, and groups. If you're building something SaaS, there might be a WordPress plugin doing the same thing. Your product should be 10x better than the solution they hacked together. If no solution was hacked together, it's possible there's no market for it or that you haven't done enough research before building the product. There might be some exceptions though, like a note taking app, where the competitor is a piece of paper with no community. After a career of developing MVPs, this really clicks with me on a deep level. This site isn't it though. I do think websites and apps need to be built really fast and easily, but they still have to look better. If you do brisk walking throughout the whole shopping mall, it counts, but if it's just window browsing where you have a lot of steps but low heart rate it doesn't. I've been in the exact same situation, to a point where it could be me writing the same thing. Before you judge anyone, get a proper diagnosis. Arrange for one-on-ones with every member of the team, even the ones who have recently quit if you can. Get them to honestly talk about their opinions. Especially on why they keep failing at their tasks. Make them comfortable, i.e. nobody is getting fired and you're just trying to fix things. Be open and honest with them. There are problems and you'd like their advice on how to handle them. If everyone says everything is fine, get the hell out. Otherwise, you should find a few patterns, and this should at least give you a few angles to move on. 10,000 hours is taken from the book Outliers, but it's not even true mastery. It's said to be the level where Bill Gates entered Harvard. 10,000 hours is more journeyman level than mastery. The book Mastery goes into much more detail, where it repeats that 10,000 hours is necessary, but there are other components to mastery. Among them is mentorship and creating some form of masterwork. The pro athletes have gone far past the 10,000 hours mark, but chances are they also had mentors and they've also taken some risks and invented their own styles. Keep practicing. 20th century sci-fi: Attack of the Martians 21st century sci-fi: Attack of the aliens from TRAPPIST-1 It starts off nice, but past the blog part, it seems to just be mixing some low quality things with the high quality stuff. Something like "Attend meetups or conferences for your target market" can be extremely dangerous because this is a great way to spend a lot of time accomplishing nothing just to tick something off the list. Whereas something like "cold calling 20 customers" is so important it should be in bold. I would recommend this to be a list of marketing ideas depending on your phase, rather than an actual checklist of things to do. Yeah, you will get shot down anywhere but sometimes you just have to do the least comfortable thing. I mean for example if your project is some plugin that makes pretty graphs. What you can do is email strangers screenshots between your plugin's graphs and the graphs they're using now. No pressure to buy, just a cold email suggesting it could help them. That is just going to be way more effective than putting up some ads on Instagram. I guess what I was trying to say is that if faced with something in checklist format, you tend to do the easiest things first, instead of the scary ones with the most impact. Thank you for the detailed reply. It's a very good one, and I think it does boil down into doing the harder thing instead of the lazy one, especially really tempting things like lying to yourself. Also in some cases, you are morally bound to work on the startup when you've recovered and not waste time programming some side project. But too burnt out to code at all. So, what many do is neither of the above - they read books, play games, have meetings, or some other time filling activity. I've been a similar situation lots of times. I'd say, without hesitance, that being the dumbest guy in the room is the best move and I'm trying to do the same. I also find that I'm at my best when surrounded by people who I admire. When I'm the smartest guy in the room or overqualified for something, I tend to perform very poorly because there's just this feeling of malaise when you stop learning. Connection speed in the 90s ran on about 3kbps. Connection speed now is about 3MBps. It's still more than 10x better, but browsers now eat all your RAM and still don't get there. I have actually been experimenting against responsive web lately, partly influenced by bettermotherfuckingwebsite.com (don't worry it's a CSS site) Responsive web was jaw dropping when it first started but now it's become extremely common. Do people really need to do several different designs for phone, tablet, desktop? A lot of major sites like Reddit do very well without responsive. And it wouldn't work for something like Stack Overflow because their user base are desktop people who prioritize low friction access. It takes a long time to load and a long time to build. So most people should really rethink whether they need all this. Agreed on the first line. I've been freelancing for people who sell my work at 10x what they pay me. But honestly, you get money equal to the value you create. Having played both roles, IMO, the sales part is much harder. It is a lot of work to tell a client how much something costs. Sometimes you deal with racist big company clients who lead you on but are just finding some excuse to reject you. You have to learn when to stop. Some clients are just using you as a point of negotiation, you offer them a cheap price and they bring it to some big shot contractor to negotiate. And finally there is the politics of contracts and getting paid. Some people will try to sharpen their negotiation skills on you. I have seen deals like "On contract, we wrote $3M but I can only pay you $2 million. And you were 1 week late on delivering this animated PDF feature on Android so technically you violated the contract." There's not really a strategy to it. Ideally, you want to always, always work with people smarter than you. But some companies have limited resources or smarter people may just be a luxury. So the only move is to move on. Get better jobs. Be in a situation you're uncomfortable in. First time: 6 months. Market validation in 1 month, very strong traction with no marketing. Spent 6 months trying to find investors. Started borrowing lots of money to keep it afloat. It had good revenue but not a profit (e-commerce profit margins were around 6%). Couldn't get investors despite two accelerators, so we sold off the company after 14 months. But we made a good profit even after paying off debts. Second time: years(?) Ended up trying to do too many features. Still "wasn't ready for launch" 9 months in, ended up building features with no market validation. I ended up quitting the company because no progress was being made. First and second startups were essentially the same, except the second one had a much bigger team, more ambitious. I'd say keep your runway as short as possible and try to launch something by 3 months. Some kind of procedurally generated fantasy world, designed around generating stories. It's not really due to competitiveness. Some people want the other party to be better. It's sort of like religion. My IDE is better than yours, my tech stack is better, and you're just ignorant for not being enlightened. I don't think there is a solution to the arrogance. One of the root causes is that everyone thinks they're hackers who found a better solution. The other cause is that they've invested a lot into what they learned, so they don't like it when better tools obsolete that. That's your standard cheap job board. I recommended one of my previous companies post on SO jobs, they're like "we can't afford any of the programmers there". Yeah there are a lot of sandboxes that generate gameplay, but few generate an actual plot. Rimworld seems to be the closest thing to that but I think they focus too much on trying to build drama. When I see the same thing, I think a lot of better stories can emerge - a lifetime bond between comrades, a romance between a prisoner and the nurse who comes to heal him, rivalries between factions, a 500 year old cyborg who questions her humanity. So many stories can emerge. As Paul Graham said, find people who are animals. The kind who aren't simply talented. They do it because they need to. It's in their base instinct, to build, to sell, to do whatever they need to. Also since this has happened to you twice, you might also want to look at yourself and see whether the problem lies with you. A lot of charismatic people actually have others flocking to them instead of trying to pull away once the vesting cliff kicks in. You might want to upgrade your leadership skills or at least your mission. * Killing things that are low profit margins, under some misguided Pareto Principle approach. Sometimes these things are loss leaders designed to pull customers for other products. * Spending too much on marketing/sales before people want the product. They usually just end up burning their brand if the product is too low quality. * Too much focus on building multiple small features rather than focusing on the value proposition. * Trying to negotiate deadlines for product development. "We don't have two months to finish this. Let's do this in one." In software estimation, there's the estimate, the target, and the commitment. If the commitment and estimate are far off, it should be questioned why, not negotiated. * Hiring two mediocre developers at half the salary of one good developer. They usually can't solve problems past a certain treshhold. * Importing tech talent, rather than promoting. Usually the people who have built the product have a better understanding of the tech stack than someone else they import. * Startups that rely on low quality people to skimp on the budget. These people later form the DNA of the company and make it difficult to improve, if they're not the type who improve themselves. More into details... I've actually been approached by recruiters in a few companies who want me to come in and "upgrade" the whole tech stack. I ask them what's wrong with it? It turns out management was not happy with it being built in a homegrown framework by a junior, even though it was functioning fine. Situation for the last point: I was asked to come in for a years old team. The team didn't know source control or agile. But because a large number of them were used to operating without these tools, it was extremely difficult to get them to adopt proper techniques, and we only got the juniors and testers to use Git. Competition. A lot of people generally like to harm their colleague's odds of success - they pass accountability, responsibility, work, force them to attend more meetings, force them to use more communication software. Basically trying to look good by making someone else look bad. It would be very effective if everyone worked together towards a common goal. This really isn't an issue in fast growing companies but the slower the growth of a company is, the more destructive competition sinks in. Agree with them. You can't get autism if you die from polio. Assuming both sides have credibility, there is still a clear choice. It's clear that vaccination is a successful way of eradicating diseases like measles, smallpox, polio. It's not so clear whether it causes autism and it's possible that the person doing such research was scapegoated. But which would you choose? A world with no polio or smallpox, or a world with 2% less autism? I almost took this seriously for a moment. There's an app I use to force myself to unplug before bed - SleepTown. I've been sleeping really well ever since. It's fine if it's not a tech startup. Something like e-commerce comes to mind. I've gone through the process many times. Most partnerships were failures. The only startup that succeeded was with this guy who added me on Facebook after I bought his book. But by far, I find that the strongest indicator of a good partner is whether you're adding them on Facebook. For one thing, partners that avoid you on social media are a little dodgy. Some would even see you as an adversary - this guy they negotiate against, that they're going to leave when business is over, that we're splitting equity with. And often there's some subconscious disgust to people you're not willing to add to your friends list. The reason for this disgust often becomes clear in about 3 months. But we have years of experience with people - if something is off about them, we'll know. The best partners to work with are the ones who you want to get closer to. The ones who match with you on an ideological level. The ones you feel that you can learn a lot from. And more importantly, the ones who you consider a real friend, or truly want to be friends with, and are willing to go to long extents to help. If you feel the need to test this person just because they have a nice business model, I'd suggest that they've already failed the test. Yes, it also attracts talent to your startup, especially at a time you can't afford to pay more. Assuming you write intelligently. Because it's not about optimizing every little thing. It's about getting it good enough. And even when something sounds better in theory, it might not be that way in practice. The whole thing is a struggle. Building a product, revenue, marketing, investors. Being stuck in a shitty situation, with no money, no food, no clear way out, only choosing between one risk or another. It's no surprise the topic makes for good HBO drama. There's no shortcut. Just stay calm in the chaos. Focus on one thing after another, especially when it's tempting to do many things. Don't outsource core stuff early on; it's tempting when time is always short, but it often makes things worse. Be honest, completely, brutally honest to yourself. Startups are the last place to lie to yourself. You don't have 'hope', you have plans and hypotheses. Startups are this long march. You either die or you make it rich. If you can simply avoid dying, you will be rich. That link seems to cover a lot of scattered topics. Care to explain more? I've read a lot of books on self discipline and IMHO that was the worst. Also pomodoro method is good for simple work, not great for programming as it interrupts flow and doesn't give enough break. I would recommend more like 2 hours work and 15-90 minutes break. What I found more useful: 1. Deep Work, by Cal Newport. This is much more applicable for software engineers. 2. anything by Jocko Wilink. This is sort of the Navy Seal route, build grit and so on. Jocko's stuff is not fun to read, but there's a lot of insights. 3. Peak performance, basically how to do really intense stuff in the long term. Spoiler: the secret is in working hard and resting hard, and often the rest is more difficult than the work. The plan I prescribe is just taking more mental breaks. Resting is difficult, but you obviously need more of it. Your mind is just as active when it isn't focusing compared to it being hard at work. When you rest, your mind sorts out the things in your head. This happens most effectively when you sleep, but it also works in smaller amounts any time you zone out, daydream, drift into the subconscious. When you don't get enough rest, your mind starts to do that processing wherever it can. This is what causes you to lack attention. A big part of it is bad habits too, often things like checking email or notifications every 5 minutes. 1. Quit social media, games, and forums (including HN). Social media is a tremendous drain on brain power. You can come back later, but I would recommend avoiding it until you have recovered. Basically, social media forces your brain to keep running, giving it new things to process, when what you want is some dead time. 2. Schedule the time when you have to do stuff. I recommend a block of work, minimum 30 minutes, max 2 hours. Schedule breaks too. 3. Get more rest. If you're feeling burnt out and not excited, you have too much stress, too little rest. You know that you have too much rest only when you are getting bored. 4. Resting means doing nothing. No TV, no games, no internet. It's all you and your subconscious. This can be meditation, walks, shower, spa, swim (or float), watching a movie with friends, sitting at a nice cafe or library. This is very hard and will make you feel anxious, especially if you are used to a hard pace. Anxious is normal. I split my days into two types: either "lots of pain" or "recovery". If you find yourself just wondering where the day went, you should either be pushing yourself harder, or taking a break. For more details, check out the books Peak Performance and Deep Work. I think it's less likely to happen at a startup, because there is more work to be done. Larger companies often have some kind of official training (even the boring enterprises). I know this, because I freelance with a training company and often do things like training courses to teach a bunch of companies how to do Material Design. It takes a lot of time and error to mess around, and some libraries have such immense productivity boosts that it's a waste of time not to do them. In my case, I once bought an ergonomic keyboard and realized that I was typing the wrong way for years. My typing speed halved for about a week, so I did some 30 min/day training routine until I got it back up to an acceptable rate. But I think that I could actually be typing a lot faster if I bother to practice with it. There are some other things - debugging tools, keyboard shortcuts. And there are some major things like learning RxJava, Kotlin, Butterknife, or some architecture, which isn't always possible with 30 mins/day, but may cost productivity if delayed and something you want the whole team up to date with. Any links to your content? Do you have any particular way of reading? Like just read the same book in your spare time, or flip between books as long as they hold your interest? Or even a way of choosing which books to read? I decide what to learn mostly from looking at job requirements of similar fields. Most companies usually adopt things that work and save them time. This was also how I picked up on the Kotlin wave before it went mainstream for Android. If something makes me uncomfortable, I try to look at it. Usually it's things that seem really powerful, which people hate, but don't really justify why. React and MongoDB are prime examples. I find that most of the "fun" and interesting tech isn't really that helpful to work with. The best tech is tiresome to learn, especially in Android. I freelance, so usually I would allocate a couple of days just to grind up programming skills in certain things. I used to do something like 30 mins a morning to warm up my typing speed, but it doesn't stick when I have to deal with deadlines. All my jobs were from people I met. Even when they have some interview, I get offered the job before the interview, and the interviews are rigged to let me pass. I normally get filtered out of phone interviews for some reason, with no technical questions. I do perfectly fine when it's a technical interview. I guess I just don't have an attractive personality. I actually like it this way. I think nested comments are hard to read, but that's the only problem. My first job as a junior. I worked with really smart coworkers. I got to build things that were used, and things that made money. Most other jobs after that I ended up building things that were never used, or used to get some kind of grant or impress investors, and wasn't even what the user wanted. A lot of the more senior jobs I get, I end up doing a lot of management and getting little work done. Sometimes when someone else does the hiring, I get complete idiots in my team, the kind who typo variable names, spend 3 days discussing specifications, but don't do them, refuse to use source control. I would really love to get back into a job where I can just build things that people use, with smart people. Yeah, this. Like the specifications say that the table name is "Product" and they name it "Products". An error every now and then is acceptable, but multiple errors create chaos among the team, especially when it's related to the API. I've been doing that for nearly 3 years. Part of the problem is that usually the client cares more about getting grants or ticking off some buzzword like "machine learning" or "uber for X". But things get better throughout the years as I learn which projects to avoid. You don't actually need hard science to make progress. Soft science gives hints on what the truth is. Sometimes it's best to move forward with what we have, rather than wait for more data. Mainly it's because it takes more willpower to do something at work. This makes sense; that's why they give you money. 1. Get enough rest, especially sleep. Without enough rest, your mind has little time to defrag. Without defragging, it wanders off easily. 2. Let your mind wander, but not at work. Avoid social media and gaming as these give your brain more things to process. Games and social media are especially dangerous because you think you're taking a break but only make yourself more tired. 3. Don't do anything tiring before work. I found my work productivity increasing greatly by avoiding morning exercise. These tap into willpower reserves. 4. Avoid caffeine. YMMV, but I found that caffeine made it difficult for me to focus. Caffeine tends to be a counter for lack of sleep. 5. Train yourself to be bored. Part of the problem is that your brain is already trained to reach for something whenever bored. When you feel the urge to look at HN or Reddit, just give yourself at least a 5 min time gap, to consider whether you really need to. Even better if you could give yourself 30-60 min gaps between the urge and the action. Mainly it is serving Allah. Everything positive is an act of piety, from smiling to strangers, answering Stack Overflow questions, to simply getting a contract done quickly and above expectations. Avoiding anything that pulls me towards sin - things like banking/finance institutions is the major temptation for sin, as well as day trading. Never focusing on money as a goal in itself. Money is there to do good and to invest into good deeds. I would invest all my money and energy into something if it is good enough for the world. Being honest, especially when it is bad for me. Never be deceptive. The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Never promise or commit to that which can't be done, never hide flaws when selling. Liberating others. People are trapped in dead end jobs, especially where I live. They are forced to accept bribes, lie, and other immoral things. I like to work with people whose goal is to train and improve pay for their staff and avoid jobs whose only goal is to disrupt and make life difficult for the majority. Craftsmanship. I see craftsmanship as not the process of creation, but extracting the meaning of what is already there. Like when you take photographs, you don't just look for a subject matter with beautiful lighting, colors, crisp focus. A food photographer tries to capture temperature, flavor, moisture. A wedding photographer tries to capture emotion and even inject a little sexiness. With programming or UX/UI, you are not just building features. You are solving a problem. You understand the pains of the user, the emotions, the process, find a way to cure it. It's not about creating something new, but deeply understanding, appreciating, and immersing myself in God's creation, both the good and the bad. Go ahead, no copyright lol my first instinct was that they would charge a fee, but forcing you to watch YouTube commercials sounds so Google. Yeah, I wonder if I can run this on some apps. Just tell people up front - this app mines crypto, pay $1 to shut it off. 2-3 years is extremely short. 5-10 years is much more plausible. Even then, it's tough; Yahoo and IRC has been disrupted like a decade ago and it still lives on. What I would do is the Snap or Telegram route. FB's weak link is that everything is too public. People can see things like who has read your message, what groups you like, who you are in an argument with. A medium that is less intrusive and lets you build more tight knit communities will be much more popular. Another problem of Facebook is that it no longer consists of real world friends. It's about acquaintances, not friends. A social media that is more about real friends can do better. I would actually attack it from the angle of some kind of community - gaming, certain hobbies, sports groups. Make something with similar features to Slack, Telegram, or Discord, but more suited between friends. A good hint that it's on the right track is that it should initially be a little repulsive to people who use "acquaintance" or "personal branding" kind of social media, like Twitter, Linked In, Instagram. But universities do a good job of teaching law, medicine, engineering, and art. I don't see why it wouldn't teach IT as well, especially when the facilities you need are just computers. Founders no longer work on it full time. This is an extremely strong indicator and I've never seen a startup recover from this. Employees get tasked to things other than the core business of the startup. Usually consulting or some other side business. Startups rarely ever die loudly. They just seem to crawl off away from everything else and try to die as quietly as possible. Ah, a quick run might help. Maybe to some people, it's the only exercise they get, which is better than nothing. I usually do my workouts on my break days. They help me sleep a lot better too, which keeps me rested for the work days. Unpopular opinion: Working longer hours could be fun and exactly what some people are signing up for. Some people might want more than a job. They want a lifestyle. A new family, a tech monastery if you will. They want to immerse themselves in work. Even with sleep, there's plenty of time for family, just not hobbies. Of course, if you're looking for just a way to pay the bills, it's not a very good one. Most of the companies that work extra long hours don't really accomplish anything though, and the extra time is used for busywork that doesn't change the bottom line. If your metric is hours worked and not work done, you tend to do a lot more light tasks that you can do for long hours, instead of the short, intense, really important ones. It's okay if they change core business. The problem is when employees do what they didn't sign up for, or when they focus on things that are not the core business (e.g. consulting or some other company held by the same owner). Personally, I do Android programming and the optimal machine to run Android Studio is not the optimal machine to develop on web. Like for Android Studio or even Java, you'd want a fast drive over high RAM and a lot of the bottlenecks are in CPU speed. But if you're doing web dev, you probably want bash and don't need a lot of HDD speed. So the cost effectiveness might be highest with a MacBook Air. I'd bet on Google/Alphabet for sure. 1. Product Facebook is basically a giant directory. Google is a search engine. Search engines are necessary to get any information anywhere. While Google doesn't have as much of a monopoly on this (i.e. Bing, Baidu, DDG), it is still the best by far and this alone is invaluable. 2. Side products Google has a lot of other killer side products - Waze, YouTube, self driving cars, Android. Facebook has... React, WhatsApp, and Instagram. Just Android alone gives them more power than Facebook. 3. Productivity Google regularly pushes the envelope on workplace innovation - 10% time, healthy catering, meditation. Facebook has open offices and they work on one of the most distracting websites in the world. They are no contenders to the legendary Bell Labs. In a race, I would say that Google will win. 4. AI AI will likely be the next big thing. Both are doing well in AI, but Google has been doing it longer. Google also has more important data and a broader perspective of how it all links together. 4 hours a day max. Any more and I get exhausted. I'd actually count design and scheduling as coding, because that's where most of the code is written. I can see how this can go wrong. * Don't look at porn for more than 30 minutes today. * Don't eat any chocolate or other unhealthy food. * Don't work on that side project. Find something people have built that has a lot of users but you can do better. Then do it better. It's both a good way to learn and accidentally stumble upon a business model. As someone who has been in the field for a while, I would say it's difficult. You face a lot of competition, meaning there is someone out there who is younger and can do it for cheaper. You also face older people who can do it better and faster than you. Like any other business, I'd only recommend it if you know your competitors and are convinced you can do it 10x better than them. If you're decent you probably make enough to pay the bills and have a nice car, and it's more profitable than, say, running a restaurant. So I wouldn't say no. Whether it's better than working for a web dev shop depends on how good you are at the business aspects. Because having a list of things reminding you what you should not do will often trigger the impulse to do it. I knew a friend who had such a list, she would immediately do everything on the list then vow not to do it again tomorrow. At some point, it became a habit to do those things on 'break' days.