Design wise, a $100 FPGA board with a bunch of peripherals won't actually be able to run many of them at once. I have however designed a ~ $150 or so board (for prototyping) that has 10 bidirectional serial ports, a fast USB 2.0 port, and 20-30 general IO on 2mm headers, and runs on either a high or low precision 27MHz clock. The rev 2 one also has an ethernet port, a TiWi module, and a RAM chip, and a better/cheaper clock, but those features add on a bunch of cost. Connecting the RAM makes for a much more expensive pcb. you do actual measurements to see what factor the ambient temperature has on the measured temperature of a phone battery? How about having the phone touch a 37 degrees centigrade heat bath on one side (in other words: a human body) and ambient air on the other? Before this paper, could you have made any reliable prediction on how big an influence ambient temperatures were on the sensors in the battery? There are mechanical engineering textbooks on the subject, such as http://books.google.ca/books?id=vvyIoXEywMoC&hl=en . Reliable heat transfer analysis has existed long before this paper was released. knowing what the change in battery level is would allow for a pretty good estimate. They've taken a very different approach to the problem though, and are filtering heavily such that they can ignore most transient phenomena as it gets filtered away. If they're unpaid, does that still count? If you don't plan on using your laptop for anything outside of entertainment, being able to rewrite the software on the micro that controls the battery charging circuit is not particularly relevant or useful. note, these don't show up on mobile I'd like to see this combined with a regular paragraph for reading. Say it sits on the right, and you have text on the left. While skimming, if I spot something i want to read more in depth, I click on it, and the spritz starts. Then I start speed reading through on the spritz, and if I get stuck on something, I click again and the spritz pauses and highlights the current word or sentence. That way, I can quickly figure out where to read next. Then when I'm done, I click again and it continues to the end of the paragraph. That said, reading the faq was rather tiring as it is. I was trying really hard to avoid reading, which my eyes were unhappy about. find some other chip you like, and write an interface for it. Being human doesn't mean you have to be an asshole though. ysihan is really on the side of politicized, sanitized, pretentious, weasel-wording sock puppet; minus the sanitized part. Consider his posts about the celeb nude photos leaks http://www.redditblog.com/2014/09/every-man-is-responsible-f... and http://www.reddit.com/r/yishan/comments/2frlxb/and_now_to_ma... compared to somebody who's actually speaking like a human being http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/2fpdax/time_t... a larger population than that of the Netherlands, mind you. from wikipedia, new jersey: ~9 million Netherlands: ~7 million the crux of the issue is that you, the licensed operator of the automobile, have been trusted to identify possible hazards and adjust your speed accordingly. if you're driving to fast to stop for a pedestrian from a crowded sidewalk, you shouldnt have a license. poor statistics, I would guess. when you're shooting that fast, there are few photons per frame. if you have enough pins, a custom asic can do just about whatever you want. the data flowing into the HPU is likely huge, but it is processed down into something the CPU can deal with. no, reddit's ban types just aren't well publicised The score is a bit silly; to get a better one, just add more points. A smattering of poits scribbled close together nets me 220000, while a single big ring earns only 700. Nah, Harper's worried about environmentalists, and other possible threats to the dangerous pipelines his friends from the oil business want to put it. C-51 allows them to brand people as terrorists, and C-24 lets them ship'em out to one of the USA's torture facilities. With windows, Ive done very well with goodsync. It tries very hard to keep things synchronised nicely, including when the connection between clients is patchy. Isn't that what https://news.ycombinator.com/show is? If you rotate the triangular grid, you get an isometric grid, which is nice for sketching 3d models What does realscout do though? it would likely burn up on entry here's the werewolf version: http://www.games-wiki.org/wiki/Werewolves_of_Millers_Hollow/ having cards available as reminders of who's alive is very helpful The US has been in a political meltdown for what, 6 years? I lock the door when I leave the house, requiring me to have my keys by the time the door is locked. you could start a consulting company macbooks are giant passive heat sinks though; a wooden laptop doesn't conduct all that well > what is _____ anyway? I feel like that's a relevant question I have for most HN posts What does that mean for IBM and Express? My TI 89 runs BASIC. ...but it also gives me access to great symbolic manipulation tools, which more than makes up for it. I write with lingo now and then, when I want to quickly try out some game mechanic idea > Finally I went to see my doctor and explained how I felt. I told him my brain felt like a steam locomotive and that it took an immense effort to get it moving. He was extremely helpful and made me try Methylphenidate to start. It was like having the fog cleared from my brain That describes especially well! A good hangover tends to help me for a day or two, but generally its a steam engine in fog that's hard to get moving. i'd say the old code decomposes when people forget how to code well with the older features. not sure if that will happen, but it might cant you avoid that by using a video element, and placing it over the canvas with CSS? I'm on my phone data, and if puts me on the east coast instead of the west with investment, those skills could be trained that gets boring quick streak of 6 with a mean error of 0.03 My acer s7 does pretty well; I've repaired it from severe rain damage, and it's generally easy to disassemble and replace the parts to. it's got a reasonably nice screen, nice build quality, and reasonably good performance, though you cant change out the wifi chip, nor the ram The webasite also said about enough to do well, and the windows install it came with just had some acer junk on it. a friend of mine is working on a company like that. http://sharesy.co bees turn nectar into honey if you need to lift that much weight, you'll be using a crane, in which case your strength is a moot point. Assuming strength does matter for loading/unloading, the real culprit is how truckers are paid, not the strength of the driver. boost is also a noun though I second that. I learnt it/redux/react-router on Saturday. an engineer is more like a plumber than an inventor though. you don't need to design a new type of screw to make a one off aquaduct, you don't need to design new bearings to make a gear box, you don't need to design a new opamp to make an amplifier, nor do you need to design a new MVC framework to make a one off CRUD app. You use off the shelf parts and combine them with your knowledge and skills to produce and effective solution for your constraints. If you can't do it with existing stuff, then you design something new that can do it. > Convenient proxy factory bean superclass for proxy factory beans that create only singletons. that actually makes sense to somebody? I grabbed a boilerplate[1] and read through it to produce a basic CRUD app for tracking mini libraries. mostly follow where the data flows through, and look up details on anything that looks like it could be doing a lot of stuff. the gyst is, you have your state [Redux store] which is updated through reducer functions. Each reducer tracks the state for its part of the system, and is called with an action name+data when the state should change. actions are called through a function, dispatch. it is typical to run a function as it's input, dispatch(makeAction()) where makeAction does things like make a REST request. the state object is passed into React components as state and properties, which you can use for rendering HTML. to receive them, you register what you want from the reducers, and it is automagically passed in, and you can pass properties down to child components as HTML looking markup. when something happens, like a user types into a text box, you call dispatch with the new text to be added to the state, which then gets reduced and passed into the next render call of the component, to update what's shown in the text box. specific to that codebase, containers are top level components. routing is done as a React component, where you render a tree of possible routes, pulling out variables as you go, to feed into the component/container leaves, and the matching route is rendered. [1] https://github.com/choonkending/react-webpack-node [2] https://github.com/jhedin/little-libraries you could also have 1 library that depends on 50 different libraries, where you trust somebody to lock and update them responsibly you could also have 1 library that depends on 50 different libraries, where you trust somebody to lock and update them responsibly "I'm pro calzone" sounds like a parks and rec reference if you have to wire thousands of LEDs, it will take significantly longer to setup the problem, and I think that should factor into the time complexity it would be easier if the manufacturer has it drive you to the police station instead they did a lot better with closing Google reader than this. at least then, they gave you what you needed to get the same service through a different provider, whereas here, theres nothing translation: they use websockets on AWS with insane numbers NPM modules. it's easy on heroku. I haven't done it with native modules though CV: farming/drone air photography based on those examples, I'm confused as to why they support GNU, considering it can be used with non free software such as a windows kernel. It looks like GNU is abhorrent to the FSF. wow, those are some poorly flown lines in [2] That looks pretty interesting; I might apply. One question about the non-optional meetings: when are they? If I am in PST, will I have to skip sleep or work to attend? http://imgur.com/ypBQEWx Add some noise, and use all the inputs, and one 8 wide hidden layer edit: works better with a sigmoid activation curve, but it converges more slowly wih that particular data set, it looks like it really just adds more data, and more importantly, fills in the gaps along the spirals which is where my setup was having troubles. The noise doesn't go far enough to start confusing points between different clusters, but it adds more points. That said, my knowledge of neural nets is fairly limited. Alrighty. In that case, I will send in an app. Word2Vec looks both interesting and challenging. do you have a comparison for the number of miles between human errors? since they're watching me, they should suggest the version that I use the most frequently That's basically server side rendering; ReactDOMServer.renderToStaticMarkup would do it? I on't know if it affects a real DOM though; it might have weird side effects on the app. it's in android as boatily. also of note, the US has precedent of making the first strike: against Japan. I don't think a president Trump would have any reservations about nuking "terrorists' families" most of the plants and things were thing of building on don't have atmospheres, so most of the heat loss is radiative? I don't think an airless gap would do much to reduce it. Thank you for clearing that up! I've been unable to visualize anything except taste since the age of ~10. I figured that was something I had grown out of! > Is there a beneficial reason for telomeres shortening with time? So that people die instead of reproducing when they're old it solved differences between older browsers. now, they tend to follow standards, and that melding is less needed what's your evidence that gun violence is going up? when do you run things over when racing? higher up in this thread, it is argued that the primary purpose of a gun is either punching holes in a piece of paper or a "tin can" or busting clay birds. those don't seem like times when it is critical to work every time. they should be keeping that secret; good gravity models are a major part of the difference in accuracy of American missiles vs Russian ones. For important things like ICBMs, you don't want to trust easily spoofable navigation like GPS. Instead, you double integrate over the acceleration data obtained from very accurate accelerometers and gyros. since these sensors measure acceleration, and gravity is acceleration, any change in gravity over the missile's path will cause it to think it had moved differently than it did. Knowing the precise earth gravity then you can account for these changes. Changes in the magnetic field will affect compass readings, which help you decide what direction the missile is facing. Knowing the (fixed over time) change will help account for measurement error in the compass. I'm not sure how much that helps though, since the compass' earth field is constantly changing anyways due to the sun and magnetisation of the missile itself. The actual surface shape has an effect on the gravity experienced above the ground, but is also important to make sure you know what height you're aiming for, and that there's nothing in the way. it's more like the skillset for being a getaway driver. running over people doesn't require that much speed, but lots of agility. if you're driving really fast,a person will get out of the way, and you won't be able to turn fast enough to intercept them. the most natural thing to do with a car isn't to run people down though, it's to travel from one place to another. target practice is to racing, as shooting people (or hunting) is to a road trip. how often does a todler accidentally slice and stab their parent to death with a knife, versus shooting them to death with a gun? a knife isn't designed to kill because it's difficult to kill somebody with a knife by accident. A knife is designed to maim, explaining the large number of injuries, but much smaller number of deaths. > He is asking that researchers produce code that he can put into production. Provided someone's willing to pay for it, that could be a fun engineering job: implementing research papers as production code. Alternate: have the bitterest chocolate around(90-100%), such that you can only eat a square inch or so at a time. What would be considered deep experience with OpenCV? also, assuming you have said experience, is there a function somewhere that lets you do a findHomography with ransac, but lets you assume there's no perspective transformation? estimateRigidTransform seems close, but doesn't like outliers? I feel like facebook could create such a thing without effort. They should already know whee you are when you're at home, so they could make groups that cluster people by location. I think I've poked around in the source enough to be able to do that -- running into failed assertions in ORB and such:P 2: Thanks! I'll give that a try! coming up with side projects is difficult. They might have failed miserably at translating these words i maintain that love, and continue installing mx2004 on things Google music does it nicely it also lets me learn by example, with a clear ipicture of how a tool or library or whatever fits into the puzzle. Id go for two cameras, and try to hack some 3D recording out of it. and replacement inertial sensors, those always seem to break on me. edit: actually, it would be cool to put an FPGA on there. thorium is not in short supply. It's very easy to find more There's someone in Halifax researching Sodium Batteries, which would be a fair bit easier to find than lithium, though less effective. React is complex because there are realms of new things you can do with it that you couldnt do before in a web app, and the best version hasnt been found yet. any time you make something, you find that out from the people that will make it. usually they can also improve your designs to make then cheaper to produce as well. ... I thought that was standard teachings in mechanical engineering? I heard back a no. This was interesting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM1iUe6IofM Reliable because it has to be is also a strong argument that what he's doing with his guns doesn't need that level of reliability. if that level of reliability was needed, non military grade guns would have it. I feel safer without the gun than I would with one. If you have one, you're the first target for everybody else with a gun. Kill you before you can start shooting back. that suggests that once born, an individual could have all of their genes removed, and be perfectly fine, other than not being able to pass on traits to a new individual. meaning is a nice convention to signify that something works well for some use case. like, you didn't intend to type anything, it was just a series random processes that resulted in some text, but by convention, it's nice to say that you meant to write something. what does that do for the unauthorized access laws? I would think "no expectation of privacy" implies that a computer is a public space. Wouldn't that make it difficult to say that an access was unauthorized? how do border crossings go for TNs. I'm about to get one, and am planning on visiting back reasonably frequently. Is that a problem at all? bikes in summer, cross country skis in winter for a fair bit of interactive data updating every second over websockets, ive had some success with DCjs. On ios, the performance wasnt the best though it was replaced with straight d3 i think, or maybe something rendering on canvas and there's a derivatived library called D4 as well for online tech talks, you could also have some kind of phone app that would show the slides yeah, and whats all this about mobile apps? a phone is for making phone calls, not browsing web pages and playing games. these thibgs would be better off if you called a phone number that would read out the weather to you and so on. If you want to leave a text message or an email, you should call up a phone service and tell them to write the email for you. you are not a fiduciary* you could easily be a financial advisor integers are frequently used to represent fixed point numbers anytime you're doing interesting math in an embedded system the tenths of a micron are such that you can get the micron measurements from the glass and thus the 5 micron prints i had that happen on my nexus 5. for me, it was a bug in the headphone jack, though i didnt bother to go about fixing it. in a call, the phone thinks theres another mic installed, and tried to use that instead. Id say both fox and NPR are unbiased. Bias is pretty well defined by comparison to the audience, unless you're clakmjng theres some magical neutral, but theres no way to define such a thing! so, fox's bias is the same as its audience, and NPR's with theirs, leaving no apparent bias for either of them. battlesnakes was soo fun this year! though part of my team spent most of the time in the food lines, which was a bit of a setback:P pepsi is really obvious though, it hs an aftertaste, and coke does not, along with being sweeter while i frequently agree with you, i disagree here. both code and travel regulations are lists of rules written in a terse language, and both are subject to bloat all of the time, abd parts become deprecated as times and priorities change. these are very comparable things, e cept that code can change quickly at a low cost, while regulations are costly to change. Because of the cheapness, software folks have put a lot of effort and study into optimizing how you make rule changes, which makes it very applicable to some other problem spaces the question is how to keep those cars clean though I recently accepted a job offer with Amazon and had fun with it. I got a random email saying they were coming to my hometown, so I did the "2hr" coding test everyone is complaining about... which was actually really easy and more like 1hr. then the day of, I biked down the river for coffee and lunch, then spent the afternoon coding on paper/laptop, and talking about past tech things I've done and why/how I did them. It was mostly a half and half split between the discussion and problem solving, then me trying to code one of my solutions in the last 10min of each interview, and mostly running out of time:P The next day they invited me to move to seattle, and out for beers that evening. You just wrote Facebook Fuck's Sake Syndication with 1 extra character, and with more reading difficulty! codewise, wouldnt the analog be writing a new set of unit tests for each dependency you pull? it'd probably make sense to do that, actually, so you can verfiy that the dependency actually fits your use case as time goes on. whooooooops I did a computer science degree. it's taken about 2 years from when I started it to pay off in spades is it the monarchy thats outdated though? or the idea of having a head of state? Id say it's the head of state -- one person shouldnt have that much power, and the list is even longer! constitutional monarchs do pretty well though, in that they avoid using any of that power to the largest extent that they can. in Canada, the CBC was pretty great until the conservatives annihilated their budget. In that time, they lost the license to the theme of their flagship show, Hockey Nightnin Canada, and after that, the show itself. Also, they lost the rights to report the olympics, and the news is much lower quality. its almost like public services dont work well when you defund them. In america, im sure most people would prefer leaded water if its half the price of unleaded stuff, too. roast your hazelnuts a bit! tthen you can roll them a bit and the skins fall off, and the whole nut gets more flavourful, too! Newfoundland is mostly cliffs around the ocean. im surprised that in each of these cases, the same company is used to deliver the package? why dont they send the first try with UPS, and the second with FedEx or someone else? the ruby versions isnt shorter though; you just included things you dont need: semi colons and 'let' theres a method for generating 3d point clouds from images using SIFT already i think i small windowed median filter would do a good job in this case the ones in my apartment really aren't compfy, and if you look closely, you quickly notice how much they cheaper out on everything depending on your mouth, you end up with your teeth covered in plaque, which protects them from cavities, but also gets you gingivitis and eventually your teeth will fall out your water might also have fluoride; when Calgary stopped fluoridating its water, i got a bunch of cavities. the wall was chat. there was one screen where you could check on who's online, then you'd write on their wall Not shown to have any medicinal properties* As it says at the bottom, if there are any, they're too difficult to isolate They could also pay their manufacturing workers higher wages They've added one good feature, not too long ago: a map view for housing That's why we always use bit shifts for division. it doesn't matter if we're using an exponential algorithm instead of a linear one: the thing we should care most about is how fast that division is. If you want to be fiscally responsible, that train clearly should not exist since it will be used by illegal aliens. Instead, they should spend the money on giving their law enforcement tanks to keep at each existing station and then if an illegal alien gets on board, they can quickly destroy the tracks and/or train. That way, no money will be spent on aliens, period. Plus, the police get the armaments they need to defend against this immigrant threat. The biggest ones are all from the government: computing and electronics/chip manufacturing GPS/inertial positioning internet new drugs and treatments its government r&d work isn't the problem in Flint that a set of politicians decided to switch the water source to a heavily polluted one in exchange for some financial compensation now that the lead particulate has gotten into all the existing pipes, it's an insurmountable problem, but still entirely a result of American corruption, rather than an engineering issue. a corporation will never have such liability in the US though... they can bribe a politician(s) into putting the risk on the government Who funded snyder's campaign? probably municipal bond holders be ause it's near guaranteed that someone made a nice profit on making Flint's water leaded each system is as violent as the people running it. An ideal king is just the land owner collecting rents from the people on their land, and lending rights to people they think can make more wealth from it. Capitalism is perfectly happy with slavery; it didn't end because it wasn't profitable. There's still some rather violent things in today's capitalism like "give me all your money or die from cancer" which when the capitalists gave you cancer, isn't much different than the violent king forcing you to farm. You give them what they want or you die. General consensus of people who've benefitted from said stealing* In each of the cases you listed, the person who would've had claims against them has power over the plaintiff Isn't that the wrong question? what I'd really like to know is whether banners are a worthwhile investment, not if they get clicked on. https://youtu.be/wYotaPjUE6A There's plenty of science in making better drugs You can still miss things -- you can only have so many interrupts fire at once. if all the pins change at the same time, you'll miss a few of em, especially if you're sending a serial message in the interrupt. you're also more likely to get more than you want, and have to debounce on the processor side. I'd go for a small fpga->ftdi usb controller. do a low pass filter on each pin, and when it goes above your threshold, throw it in a fifo that feeds the USB chip. your latency goes up with the number of changes that happen at once, but you're still using raw USB and not miss events that you're interested in. for the operating systems version of real time, i'd consider it polling to be real time. you ensure that part of your code will always take the same amount of time. isn't that Facebook's example for why they made react? the light is the number of notifications/chat messages you have available,and they could never get it to stay consistent? I use them for work to keep track of all the different systems' uis I need to use, but otherwise no: the address/search bar does better I'm not seeing anything unfair here. the society pays money to the government and in return have prisons. Society benefits from said prisons. If you're going to tackle unfairness in society, you should be aiming for the massive imbalance of wealth. Anything else is premature optimization that's somewhat less interesting than a per capita measure does it? it makes two big assumptions that leaves it open: 1. only state prisons are considered 2. only people in prison for a year or more are considered there's nothing in the comment showing that shorter term inmates are a smaller population, nor that they aren't mostly non violent offenders, nor that federal prisons aren't mostly non violent offenders. In total, the comment just shows that there are violent and nonviolent felons in prison I'm not seeing where you got "you wouldn't want this crowd anywhere near your house" out of this comment chain. Please elaborate its a hacked account. they might be trying to disburse money before amazon notices/refunds or maybe some scam for manipulating the bucket box? I do that. it's all it a neat folder, though I have not been required to show it to anyone yet the chances of the memory erroring in such a way that the checksum still matches becomes quite small Please elaborate. what do you mean by "anti-white" and "misandry"? that's a weird extrapolation, considering both "white" and "men" are represented in your commercial. If a company was showing off that their engineers quit within their first week, would you consider that a justification against taking a job there? There's information provided in promotional material lacking in women: the company isn't good at attracting and keeping women. If you're a woman then, it's reasonable to think that this might not be the right job. it's a competitive advantage in hiring. say there's five companies attracting just men, and there's one company attracting both men and women, all six are competing for the men, but only one gets the best women Isn't admittance to these schools largely oriented towards wealth/past wealth, and the preference in those "prestigious" schools just to make sure that only wealthy families get those jobs? In that case, if it's a meaningful amount of money to you, it's probably not worth the investment because those firms will still look at you poorly If I'm reading this right, the context still says that one should not give up their rights in exchange for safety. If it was strictly pro defense, he would've taken the money and given up on governance. Having tax authority is essential for the government, and it shouldn't give it up for the sake of temporary defence money; privacy is essential to citizens, and shouldn't be given up for temporary protection from terrorists. Prescriptivist linguistics is pretty silly though -- words mean what people use them fo what kinds of problems can we solve with an analytic solution to the 3 body problem instead of a numerical one? it doesn't sound like redux is the right tool for the job. You're looking for a stream/file. You could still have a redux store, but it's role would be to manage the stream(process updates, keep track of errors, kill the stream if there are too many errors) rather than store the data for the job. my mechanical watch keeps telling good time for days when I go out camping, whereas my phone will be dead or out of service. Otherwise, generally when I need to know the time, it's at the end of a night out and I'd like to catch the bus, or at least know if theres still another bus coming. My phone tends to be on its last legs by that point, and frequently is dead another benefit is charging -- when I'm wearing a watch, I wind it instead of fidgeting, and I'm not stuck waiting at an outlet for my phone to charge. The same could be said about the US. If they could transition to a better system of government, they'd be doing fine with globalisation. what about just adding a heavy watch? that would at least cut down the frequency of the tremors, which could help the brain get its act together it's also now getting towards time to retire my SP3 but by that point, the moment it's in the airport again, it's toast what's the second dimension on rotation? you can completely describe it using the angle. you could cut those ones off with scissors. I've got that problem; it's correctable either with prim glasses, or with surgery to tighten up some of the muscles that control your eyes You can also do some practice with 3d pictures to build up better control. I made a thing for that that uses red/cyan 3d glasses. http://web.uvic.ca/~jhedin/Other%20Work/tranaglyphs/ minerals and energy Which meat eating animals live into their hundreds? My SP3 was bent by the dock until the screen broke Left one day with it docked, came back to a broken screen oh hey, I work on a team that should prevent this kind of thing. This should be fun to fix. [I'm not allowed to say more on the topic, nor do I speak for Amazon, as per the current Amazon guidelines on what we're allowed to talk about on social media. We're hiring though, and it's a fun adversarial engineering job] You're saying that like it's a reasonable condition. Other sellers of things don't have such conditions like, having it be against ToS to resell your car or your forks. Yes, that's why we have labour unions. The cost should be high because we demand it to be so, not because of a shortage. I'm surprised there isn't a separate copy of all the code in French, or at least the code comments I imagine knowledge over whether those are the exception or the rule for the US military is classified. they don't have to tell you when they've been doing evil I doubt that Drumpf was ever destitute when declaring bankruptcy. Students get off easy as far as assets go. they don't have any yet, so there's nothing to get rid of. isn't the Amazon app store already banned from Google's app store? it's the engineer part that suggests the moral uprightness. without that, it's more "developer" "good" as in having the qualities required for a particular role, as per Google. exactly. before 2015, you had to pay Comcast extra if you wanted a package that included access to Google, and even more if you wanted reasonable speeds to get to your Facebook feeds those were the golden days that created the internet. remember when Microsoft payed out to isps to close down access to altavista so they could get more users to use Bing? what does the lack of a monarch have to do with how much representation an area has. truly, the US is an oligarchy. regardless of what votes say, actual decision making and power rests with the wealthy nobles, like the Trumps and Kochs. It is an oligarchy though. just because Trump has an official position now doesn't mean he didn't have much more political power than other citizens before that. just listen to how he speaks about senators and congressfolk, who will "do anything for campaign contributions" I'm surprised the packages are put in with the route in mind to add another data point: if I want a fresh baked good, I'll get it from a dedicated bakery or bake it myself Religions don't impose morality on societies; they're a marketplace competing to communicate the society's morals. when society decided human sacrifices weren't moral, they ditched those religions in favour of ones without human sacrifice. it doesn't have to be a relgion that communicates what the morals are; some other structure can do that. morality itself seems to be good for societies ability to reproduce, so it'll probably stick around regardless. maybe it's vision more than anything. you've got a thing you want to make, but you get stuck along the way. it's too slow, or doesn't fit in memory, so you have to figure out how to optimize what you've got before you can keep building. I think he thought produce was a verb and not a type of raw food Brittle things break with normal force. ductile things break in shear. it's probably not much different than waking up and saying "I personally have enough wealth to keep 100 people fed for three years" and not do it. link 0 is inaccurate. Reddit retracted that statement on CSS, saying mod created styles will stick around. Calgary made money on the olympics; our HQ2 bid isn't shortlisted though isn't the public school example already true? houses around favourable public schools have higher value, and thus higher property taxes. it makes the union workers the beneficiaries of automation. if automation lowers amount of labour needed, it's less work that the workers have to do, not fewer workers that the employer needs to hire.