I don't think anyone has trademarked the name. I don't have it registered and it doesn't show up if I search for it either. I can't say I implemented much but I did design out what I'd like to build (in a dated notebook) and pitched the idea a bit to get feedback. I didn't acquire anything (domain, handles, etc) with the intent of a shakedown (nor is it on my mind at all). I can tell from the domain registration dates that they registered their alternative name after me. My immediate reaction to seeing the competitor was validation, "whoa somebody else had the same idea as me... I guess it's not terrible!" I do really like the name (it's fairly catchy). I think a part of my attachment to the idea comes from that. At the very least it the catchiness keeps it in my mind. Greece has a massive annual deficit before counting interest on existing debt. Beyond defaulting on their existing debt they need to make large structural changes to their fiscal policy for recovery to be sustainable. Otherwise their borrowing costs would be beyond junk. Put it this way, if you make $100k per year and spend $160k, and you have no assets, what bank is going to give you a loan? What's the point of promises being part of ES6? I understand them and use them quite a bit. I just don't understand why they're in the language spec. They don't add anything new to the language ( vs say generators or symbols ). Is it purely for performance? > A modern "new deal" for elder care would also do the trick.. Oh please no! Boomers have already pillaged and mortgaged the futures of the youth enough already. The last thing we need is for them to stick it one more time with a new set of unpaid indefinite obligations. For a simpler approach, just give everybody $X (00 or 000?) either one off or repeatedly. It's as progressive as it gets and at least some youth will benefit. I don't think you have access to the actual private key file so this would be restricted to AWS services like an ELB. With letsencrypt you have the key file as well so you can use it for securing any type of connection (not just a load balancer front end). Is there a way to track uptime across kexec[1] restarts? That way you could differentiate between a hard reboot and "soft" one (ex: automated kernel upgrade). Having a system like that working for a 18 years would be insane! [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kexec That's still broken. They've just pushed the problem deeper. Now instead of having a timing attack on the number of operations in the compare, the timing attack is pushed to the number of bytes that is hashed by sha256. Also, this opens up a new avenue in that now hash collisions (as unlikely as they may be) would be considered equal. > OpenSSL provides the option SSL_OP_SINGLE_DH_USE for ephemeral DH (DHE) in TLS. It is not on by default. If the option is not set then the server reuses the same private DH exponent for the life of the server process and would be vulnerable to this attack. It is believed that many popular applications do set this option and would therefore not be at risk. Shouldn't that be "... do NOT ..."? Edit: Nevermind the double negative got me. Setting the option (which is not on by default) mitigates the issue and they're saying many apps do set it. > Could you imagine if oil prices went up and suddenly that $0.50/gal tax disappeared overnight? Great point. This is the same thing that's happening now with tobacco taxes and lottery revenue. Tax money is fungible so the repercussions will cascade beyond the original programs the money would be allocated to. > So labor should just take whatever management and politicians feel like giving them like obedient little servants? They can choose to work in the private sector. Nobody is forcing them to work for the public sector. > How has that worked out in the past? Do we feel that the civil service is sufficiently isolated from rapidly changing political pressures to ensure the rights of workers and to avoid the inherent issues involved in political control of a large group of government workers? The alternative is that public sector unions funnel money to career politicians. The latter are signing checks using other people's money (i.e. the tax payers) and it's in their (the politicans') interest to give in to union demands as they get a voting block come election season. It's interesting that this time around the bids didn't bottom out at the min. All but one are in the $300-$500 range. The first time they tried this the winning bid was one (1) dollar[1]. [1]: https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/11/06/micro-purchase-lessons/ Is there any more info or examples (demo, video, etc) of Magic Leap available anywhere? Every article has the same "mini elephant in hands" picture. I've never seen anything else. echo "deb http://repo.logdna.com stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/logdna.list sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install -y --force-yes logdna-agent sudo logdna-agent -k 6a7b7c622290d1a49bbe5a94dc6828d Haven't tried this yet but the install instructions don't include adding a GPG key. Instead it has the option "--force-yes" which I believe skips that check. That would work for the initial install but wouldn't it complain down the road when you try to update the package? > Being bilingual is just another proxy for a middle class or higher upbringing. ... or you could be raised by immigrants who continue to speak their mother tongue at home while the children learn English (or whatever else is the primary language) via TV/School/Public. There's nothing higher upbringing about retaining your parents' culture. If anything, it's more associated with lower class families. I don't see homemaker (i.e. housewife, stay at home dad, etc) on there. I wonder if it's because it doesn't rank high enough or just wasn't included in the data set. I'd imagine that the higher paying jobs would lean more towards a single income household. > Probably because that's not tracked as a profession beacuse it's not really one. Anyone who thinks being a homemaker is not a profession has no clue what it entails. If you consider a couple as a single unit, it's simply optimizing by specialization. When you look at the cost of baby-sitting/nannies it makes a lot of sense too. Why make $40K extra if I'm going to spend $35K on a nanny? > You are tracked by what you actually learned. No you're tracked by what your current position is. I'm pretty sure that office assistants who studied literature are still tracked as office assistants. > People become stay at home mums/dad in the relationship, not before. Exactly and this data represents a set of married people, not a set of jobs. If it doesn't include homemaker as an option then you've excluded all married single income households. > The official policy from schools lately has been "zero tolerance" for violence, meaning if someone hits you and you defend yourself, you get suspended for just as long as they do. While I think most would agree that endorsing violence is generally bad, I'd advocate children defending themselves in that type of situation. It's not the only thing to do (someone needs to call an adult/teacher/etc) but if kids are penalized for coming to the aid of a fellow in need, what less are we teaching them? [1] > It's set up to let the school wash their hands of any responsibility, but without having to have an uncomfortable "Your kid is an asshole who keeps starting fights" / "My kid is a perfect angel and I'm suing you for suspending him" conversation. > It's not designed to solve the victim's problem, it's designed to make it not the school's problem. Bingo. That's the issue with a lot of these so called solutions to social problems. They only solve the legal problems of the org where they're taking place. [1]: Spoiler: The lesson is don't get involved in other people's problems. You missed this equally sparkling gem (emphasis mine): "The most obvious revenue stream could come from ‘ad words’, where a Giphy search could turn up sponsored content based on what the user was looking for. If it worked for Google, there’s no reason why it wouldn’t work for Giphy , and founder and CEO Alex Chung hinted on the phone that this would likely be the main source of revenue for Giphy when it decides to flip the switch." I don't want to see homeless people, drug deals, vomiting drunks, or pantless vagrants on my commute to work either. Does that make me heartless? I would hope not because otherwise these problems are not going to be solved. You need people who do NOT want to see that kind of crap on a daily basis to do something about it. How much does it cost? (I don't see any pricing information on your website) Is the business model taking over the management of on site SaaS applications? If so, what's the difference between this and outsourcing maintenance (i.e devops) of your application to a third party? var array = []; client.addListener('message', function (from, to, text) { var time = Math.floor(new Date() / 1000); var obj = { nick: from, message: text }; var item = '\"' + time + '\"\:' + JSON.stringify(obj); array.push(item); fs.writeFile(file, '{' + array + '}\n', function() { // console.log("updated"); }); }); This will buffer all the messages in memory (in the variable "array") and rewrite the file on every message. Besides the lack of atomicity mentioned in another comment, that's also really inefficient and will eventually run out of memory. Plus 1000 incoming messages will lead to 1000 sequential rewrites of the same file! > I like how the articles specifies men's sperm as opposed to women's sperm. Although that does bring up a point about whether someone should research the effect on corresponding female parts. Where did you go to school and what exactly do you think is "woman's sperm"? Do you mean her cache of eggs? > Certificate Transparency-style public ledger for all firmwares that Apple has signed. Refuse an update if the firmware version has not been published to the ledger. This would make these backdooring attempts public, since we can assume people would watch the ledger and ask questions in case of an unknown version being published. That's seems like a fantastic idea but without open source firmware I don't see how it could be enforced. Maybe a stupid question but is there a publicly hosted GitLab that provides free repo space (and the usual pay for private repos) or is it only self hosted? Ok I didn't see that. The rest of the copy on the (particularly the pricing page) seems to indicate it's only local. If I'm reading the pricing copy correctly, the contracts themselves are free and invoicing service charges $1 per invoice. Is it possible to be profitable (in a successful startup sense, not casual/bootstrapped/side project sense) at that low level? Maybe I'm missing something but I don't see a lot of room for revenue growth here. I'd figure that the average freelancer as a handful of contracts a year so you're looking at $10-20/year per customer. I'm not saying the idea itself isn't good. Anybody that's freelanced or done corporate invoicing knows the annoyingness of " We'll pay you within 30 days of deciding to pay you "[1]. Solving that problem would benefit a lot of freelancers. I just don't see this being a sustainable solution in the form that's being presented. [1]: Quote is shamelessly stolen from a patio11 comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9076590 Edited to add link to quoted comment Interesting angle. For a while I've wondered why nobody does a tech/startup version of "Company in a box". This looks like it's exactly that. Incorporation, payment processing, the works. Is Stripe getting a cut of the eventual revenue from the service providers that are providing the offerings? What's the incentive on their side? Or are they just hoping to scrape by on the transaction fee revenue (which are way less than people think they are because they pay out most of it upstream[1]). Also, what's the expiration on the $15K of AWS credits? The usual one year or longer? [1]: If you're wondering why just think about how you get " 1% cash back on all purchases! ". From my experience the difficult part of a FAQ isn't converting the questions and answers to rendered HTML, it's writing the content itself. > Why shouldn't all service providers benefit from the tax break? Is it ethical to give a tax break that unfairly gives one corporation a competitive advantage against another? They should. As the law is written there's nothing wrong with what Comcast is doing. There's no shame in taking advantage of tax breaks, whether by a large heartless corporation, a different large heartless corporation, or a small time individual. The answer to this isn't to rail on Comcast for taking advantage of tax breaks. It's to get lawmakers to fix the law by adding a price cap or equivalent on it so it has its intended purpose. > Crypto is math. Nobody can monopolize math. This is pretty damn close though: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illegal_prime Or in modern idiomatically insecure install scripts: curl http://bogus.example.com/install | sudo bash > Also interesting to note is that a lot of negative children statistics do not apply to single mother widows. Selection bias? The only way something like Gravatar works is by having something that's directly computable from the source email address (or whatever the identifying field is). Whether it's a MD5, SHA256, or whatever is irrelevant. Similarly having it be a salted (instead of the currently unsalted) hash wouldn't help anything. The salt would need to be public for separate web sites to reference the same avatar for the same email address. Short of authenticated requests to Gravatar (which again kills the point of how it all works), one alternative would be to make the computation function more expensive, either by performing multiple rounds of the hash function or switching to a "slow" hash function (ex: bcrypt or scrypt). The latter would require a fixed salt and wouldn't really work for the use case as it'd slow down any webpage that links to multiple gravatars to a crawl. The real issue here is that the email address space is fairly predictable. If you want HASH($EMAIL) to be unpredictable then instead of first.last@example.com switch to ~ [a-z0-9]{16}\@example\.com. While we're at it let's get rid of leap seconds. ... and switch the entire planet to a single timezone (UTC). ... and require everyone use the same text encoding (UTF-8). ... and pick a single format for separating fields in numeric fields (commas for 000s and dots for decimal points). Why bother supporting both MySQL and Postgres for the backend? Wouldn't picking one ( ~cough~ Postgres ) simplify things? From my experience, attempting to support multiple backend stores leads to either crippled functionality, i.e. lowest common denominator CRUD usage, or lots of messy if/then logic to use DB specific features. In the Wiener case he was sending the pictures of his crotch via SMS. There's no expectation of privacy from content that you've shared willingly, no matter how perverted the content. He didn't send it to his spouse, he sent it to non-spouse woman he was flirting with. It's not the channel of SMS that makes it fair game, it's that he explicitly shared it with a third person. It could have been a telegraph message, a voicemail, or a hand drawn picture. The point is that he publicly shared it. > Do you have an account recovery flow? Delete it immediately. Lol. Have fun doing this at scale for any consumer site. Like everything else in security, having a password reset/account recovery flow is a trade-off between security and convenience. For the vast majority of websites, convenience wins. I'm curious who the target market for this is. Any tech worth his salt wouldn't go near GoDaddy for even a domain registration. Who the heck would trust them to run cloud servers? I'm not saying they don't have customers. The advertise to non-techies and tons of non-techies use them as a registrar and mail host. I just don't see that same set of people running cloud servers. It's too low level. > Anyway, they can't do that, since the ACA has mandated that insurers spend at least 80 or 85% of premiums on health care costs since 2012. That part of the law is particularly terrible. It directly incentivizes keeping costs high as the profit of the insurer is a fixed (says max but that means exactly 15%) percentage of the gross. It's in their interests to have the price of everything go up! In the "office" pic of you two those monitors look low relative to your head/eyes though the posture is eerily familiar. Doesn't that hurt your back? > Increased property taxes for those who already own can force even long-time residents to move, regardless of whether they actually want to, simply because their home has suddenly and unexpectedly increased in value. That's not really an issue in California as property tax growth is fixed: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_13_(1... Cash poor home owners get "stuck" in their homes because if they sold and bought a new house, they'd have significantly greater property taxes. Theyre better off keeping the home and either living there or renting it out. > I wonder if it is because USPS Weekend delivery isn't the normal "route" person, and they just don't try to get into multi-unit mailrooms? I'm pretty sure they don't try to deliver anything at all. Every time I've had a Sunday order and everyone else that I know, it gets marked as either "Delivery Attempted" or sometimes "Delivered" without the package arriving. I've NEVER heard of anyone actually receiving a Sunday USPS delivery for an Amazon order on Sunday. Literally never! I think the Amazon/USPS deal has the latter paying a penalty for late/undelivered packages. It's possible that they don't have the resources to actually deliver the packages and lying (either from corporate or from the actual mail carriers) is the only way to cover their asses. > Like you said, we are willing to pay, but for about $7 per user we aren't getting much more than the free plan... In comparison to a free plan sure but in what real business is $7/user/mo too expensive for anything? That's less than an hour's minimum wage[1]. [1]: Technically it's quite a bit less as min wage in the U.S. is $7.25 and that doesn't include corporate payroll tax or medicare/social-security matching I'm no JS expert[1] but this doesn't look correct: # https://github.com/marlabrizel/genius-blocker/blob/master/lib/genius/blocker.rb#L11 var annotated = window.location.href.indexOf("genius.it/") != -1; if (annotated) { window.location.href = window.location.href.replace("genius.it/", "") } Wouldn't this match any instance of "genius.it" throughout the URL, not just at the beginning? For example it'd match " https://example.com/blog/how-to-block-genius.it" and redirect the user to a (probably) non-existent link with that string removed. [1]: I just play one on HN. > The whole Open Source community? Volunteer driven, donation funded projects? Non-Profit charities, mostly composed out of volunteers? None of those are businesses. Maybe I should have clarified but I meant a business as one where employees work for an organization that derives value from their work (say $A), the organization pays the employees some form of compensation ($B), and the expectation is that the value derived by each employee is more than the compensation (i.e $A > $B). In that model I don't see many places where ($A - $B) Bart: [through a bullhorn] Hey, Coast Guard! Try to stop us now, you lousy Americans. Coast Guard: [through a loudspeaker] We can't hear you! Come three hundred feet closer! Bart: Nice try. You're not going to nail us. Coast Guard: But we just want to party. Bart: Oh, really? Then play some rock music. [Man on cutter mimics the guitar riff from "China Grove"] Homer: [joins in] Come on, Bart! The Coast Guard's covering the Doobs! > Because if you're really running a business then any decision other than just paying the $200 to not have to think about certs more than one day every three years is probably not justifiable. From the same data I came to the reverse conclusion, having auto-renewing certs from LetsEncrypt is awesome. Combined with bog standard cron jobs you now don't have to worry about any manual intervention down the road. Compare that with creating a new key, creating a CSR, comparing SSL cert prices, getting aggravated at paying $10/year for 1ms of compute time (to sign the cert), grumbling to yourself, buying the cert, waiting for email confirmation, confirming domain ownership via insecure SMTP email, waiting for the cert to be issued, downloading a zip of the cert that somehow isn't the same name/format as your notes from last time, unzipping the zip file, figuring out the order for the cert chain, uploading it via SCP to your server, copying it over the old cert yet also accidentally keeping a copy of the cert/key in the default ubuntu@myhost home directory with 644 permissions, and finally testing it from your browser (only to find that you didn't send a SIGHUP to nginx so it's still providing the old cert). So yes, having to think about certs more than one day (the day I set it up) is not justifiable. PS: Why the hell are you paying $200 anyway? At most it should be $30, i.e. $10/year x 3 years. That looks more in line with wildcard SSL prices. Note: I wrote this up as a reply but the parent was deleted in the interim so posting at the top level instead. > Which server is this? A Whois lookup returned nothing. The whois command works on domain names, not IP addresses. To get the DNS name associated with an IP address you can try a reverse lookup: $ dig -x 185.100.87.84 Unfortunately that only works if the the reverse record has been set up and it hasn't in this case. You can still see where the server is located via tracepath: $ tracepath 185.100.87.84 [truncated] 12: lon-tel-01c.voxility.net 86.537ms asymm 16 13: buc-ird-01c.voxility.net 147.516ms asymm 17 14: buc-ird-27sw.voxility.net 136.914ms asymm 18 15: buc-ird-46sw.voxility.com 149.699ms asymm 18 16: 185.100.87.84 143.626ms reached So most likely the server is hosted on voxility.com which looks like an IaaS provider. Wow I didn't know you put IPs directly in there. If so, it returns back the ownership info of the IP from ARIN. Not quite the same as getting the contact info for a domain name but still quite nifty. Thanks! [emphasis mine] > A couple examples of little things they do that are clever and should be copied by everyone else: check your bag at the gate 30 minutes before boarding and you can board early ; a guarantee that your checked luggage will be in your hands 20 minutes after landing, or you get $20. Is that (gate check bag) for free? 20 minutes or $20 sounds like a great idea too. I had one of these on a key fob for an apartment building. I thought the exact same thing every time I saw the HID letters embossed on it. I have yet to find a use for Grunt that would not be better served with either a more modern replacement or, more commonly/simply/pleasantly, an older replacement like plain old 'make'. > There were clearly some very upsetting situations, but in nearly every case I could potentially see both sides of the equation. Nearly, sure but not all. From the article (emphasis mine): "A new big shot executive joined the company as our new CTO. He had no agile background and our company was transforming and pushing for a lot of agile principles at the time. Two weeks into his new appointment, the new CTO published an internal document titled “Controlled Chaos”. After reading the document everyone immediately realised that he was describing waterfall. The document was shared as a Google Doc and was open for comments, so people started asking hard questions. Weeks later, many of us who were vocal about his document were let go ." Asking for feedback and shooting the messenger(s) is pretty up there on the " How to make sure you never get honest feedback again and screw things over the long term " scale. Where/how do you house and query YC data? Formats, file types, databases, tools etc... > One excuse for pushing out older workers is that technology changes so fast that older people simply can’t keep up. Veteran coders don’t know the latest programming languages, but young ones do. This is bunk. There’s no reason why a 50-year-old engineer can’t learn a new programming language. And frankly, most coding work isn’t rocket science. There's plenty of reason why it'd be more difficult for a 50-year to learn a new programming language, here's a big one: time As people get older they have more time constraints and generally have "better ( or just other ) things to do". This is true for 30 vs 20, 40 vs 30, and probably 50 vs 40 (you could argue that as your kids get older you have more free time but then again people have kids at an older age now). A young person is more likely to be able to forgo those other things and learn the latest transpile-to-js-lang-of-the-week (v2.x). Sure, people need to be evaluated individually but if I interview 100 people I'd bet dollars to donuts that the older crowd would have less free time than the youngins. > This is a huge deal for folks outside the US. What makes you think you'll be able to stream this from an IP address outside of the US? Would non-ASCII data and escape codes have the effect of vim-injection[1]? [1]: Think SQL injection but with vim commands. ... but they still think they can keep cryptographic backdoors secret. /s From the article: > She believes that a decade from now, she expects to see “tons of women-founded unicorns." Tons? Remove the women-founded filter and it's still not believable. I don't think it's realistic to expects tons of unicorns in general. How many have there been (total) in the past 10 years? Does this support native modules and is it running on Linux 64? If so it'd be an interesting "hack" to have it run arbitrary code. You could have the default "npm run" script download a python/ruby/golang/foobar runtime and kick start an app on the expected port. > Services that do support client-side encryption (AeroFS, BTSync, SpiderOak, etc) seem to have other issues (Closed source client, poorly performing client, etc). As far as I know, Box's KeySafe also only claims that Box won't have access to your keys. They will still have access to your files (which is what the keys are supposed to protect anyway). I can't imagine anyone with any understanding of security being willing to use a closed source client to handle encryption. If you don't know how it's working, you don't know it's working. > What file sync solution do you use today? What kind of issues do you have with it? For servers, configs, and general "small stuff": tarsnap For big/static things: GPG + S3 For ultra private: pass + git on a private server No issues with any of these and all three are highly recommended. What's your business model? Will you be open sourcing the backend server? Why would anyone want to us this over the plethora of other choices for a persistent storage layer? Honestly, your example syntax doesn't look that appealing. I'm not saying SQL doesn't have its warts but if you're going to replace it, doing it at the language level integrated with a 4GL makes more sense (ex: like how rethinkdb rolls queries). Who's the target user for a new system like this, why would they use it, and why would they pay you? > Yeah. I think that's inevitable with an XML syntax. XML is good at some things, but representing math expressions clearly is not one of them. What is XML good at? (by good I mean better than alternatives like JSON, YAML, HAML, etc) The only thing I that might qualify is a long term/archival quality document format like ODF/OOXML. The inherently embeddedable nature of XML does seem like a nice fit but it gets very bloated very fast (deflated wrappers help though). Can anyone who's tried this out comment on the terminal? Does it have all the same issues as gitbash/cygwin/mingw/winpty (garbling, bad resizing, etc) or is there finally a decent local terminal on Windows? More of an ER modeler than a database designer. The interface is pretty slick/simple. Here's a sample I just cooked up: http://dbpatterns.com/documents/570699101514b428de8893a1 I can't imagine using it for anything real but it was fun to play with. If the creator is reading this, here's a bug report: If the user hasn't hit "Save" when they export the schema, they get an empty text file and they'll think the app is broken. It should either auto-save or prompt the user " You have unsaved content, do you want to save before exporting? " UPDATE: One more bug report, the export doesn't escape the columns names at all. It just naively adds double quotes around them. This breaks with double quotes in field names ( yeah yeah which is stupid but still.. ): CREATE TABLE "foo" ( "id" int, "baz" varchar(255), "bar" varchar(255), ""test"" varchar(255) ); If they add a "--download-over-tor" flag[1] this would be awesome. [1]: Yes we all know that it's not a good idea to download torrents and other large content over tor (for various technical and non-technical reasons) but it'd sure be convenient! Haven't heard of torify before but it looks cool. Does the app being invoked by it have to be able to use a SOCKS proxy or does it auto wrap all socket connections? In person. Anyone that's tried doing anything modern with Lamda is smiling as they read that subject line. Bye bye repacks! The sandboxing is interesting ... Each process is running in a directory on the same server. Also there's some files that are visible that probably shouldn't be, including one named "codechecker-android-release-key.keystore"... For the curious, try running the code block. You can uncomment/commment things out to see different results as there's a cap on the amount of stdout printed. import java.net.URLClassLoader; import java.io.*; import java.net.*; class Solution { private static void printFile(String path) throws Exception { System.out.println("File: " + path); InputStream in = new FileInputStream(path); byte buf[] = new byte[1024]; int len; while( (len = in.read(buf)) > 0 ) { System.out.write(buf, 0, len); } System.out.flush(); } final protected static char[] hexArray = "0123456789ABCDEF".toCharArray(); private static String bytesToHex(byte[] bytes) { char[] hexChars = new char[bytes.length * 2]; for ( int j = 0; j >> 4]; hexChars[j * 2 + 1] = hexArray[v & 0x0F]; } return new String(hexChars); } private static void printFileHex(String path) throws Exception { System.out.println("File: " + path); InputStream in = new FileInputStream(path); ByteArrayOutputStream out = new ByteArrayOutputStream(); byte buf[] = new byte[1024]; int len; while( (len = in.read(buf)) > 0 ) { out.write(buf, 0, len); } byte bytes[] = out.toByteArray(); System.out.println(bytesToHex(bytes)); System.out.flush(); } public static void main (String[] args) throws Exception { Class clazz = Class.forName("java.lang.ClassLoader"); URLClassLoader cl = (URLClassLoader) Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader(); System.out.println("Classpath:"); for(java.net.URL url : cl.getURLs()) { System.out.println("" + url); } File local = new File(""); System.out.println("Local path: " + local.getAbsolutePath()); System.out.println("Files:"); File root = new File("/"); String list[] = root.list(); System.out.println("# root files: " + list.length); //printFile("/etc/passwd"); printFileHex("/etc/codechecker-android-release-key.keystore"); System.out.println("# root files: " + list.length); for(String base : new String[]{ "/etc", "/bin", "/sbin", "/usr"}) { for(String name : new File(base).list()) { System.out.println(base + "/" + name); } } } } There's a lot of cases available for public defender and the standard bill rate ranges from $50-$100/hour. That easily covers a $10/case fee[1]. Assuming this will save the attorney 6-12 minutes of total time (over the life of the case) it's a net win for them. [1]: I'm making up the $10 number. No clue what pricing they'll be doing. Amen brother! Defined benefit plans without sinking funds are a time bomb across this entire country. What I really wish they'd do is abolish all defined benefit plans and instead switch to defined contribution plans. That way they'd be forced to pay them up front and couldn't defer the payment to the next generation. Otherwise whoever is in charge now gets to mortgage off the future by caving to demand after demand. If people want defined benefits then the private sector can meet in the middle and handle the conversion/risk transfer. It's a tough sell but long term it's better for the fiscal stability of the country. Wow this is seriously cool. Took a while of going through it and the links to Unicorn to understand what it was (your top level comment wasn't up yet). I think this snippet from your Examples section sums it up best: usercorn bins/x86.linux.elf usercorn bins/x86_64.linux.elf usercorn bins/x86.darwin.macho usercorn bins/x86_64.darwin.macho usercorn bins/x86.linux.cgc usercorn bins/mipsel.linux.elf I wonder if MSFT will include readline. There's been discussion of such a feature but AFAIK it's not implemented. If you consider a data warehousing situation where queries may run for multiple minutes (or longer!) adding a second of additional processing to come up with a better plan can be well worth it. The reverse situation is an OLTP plan where the query itself will execute in 1ms; additional planning time is pointless. A more complicated ( though if you ask me wayyy cooler ) approach is to spend X time units finding a decent plan, start executing the query, and then keep planning in the background. If you come across a much better plan and you're not done yet, switch to that plan instead. The MVCC semantics of Postgres would allow for this as the new plan would see the same data "as of" when the query started. Again this isn't implemented yet but has been tossed around. > The newly discovered evidence underscores the difficulty of maintaining trustworthy computer systems that do what they're intended to do. In this case, it took only one insider to defeat the auditing that the lottery system was required to undergo. It's not clear if officials have tightened the requirements to make future tampering harder. Wouldn't hurt to open source it too. It's not a silver bullet as you still need to ensure the build is stable and the final product is actually running that same code, but at least it gives the public something to eyeball. That plus separation of duties (develop/validate/deploy) delegated to separate people is as good as it gets. To get around that you'd need collusion across all the groups and if you've got that, you're totally screwed anyway. > It would seem open-source is not always advisable when it comes to sensitive information. For behavior models like risk ratings sure. A similar example is threat and fraud detection; if scammers know what you're checking it'd be easier to work around. In this case though the output is supposed to be a "fair" random number. If knowing how it's generated allows you to be able to predetermine it, i.e. exactly what the offender in this case did, then the code itself is bad and public eyeballs might find it. How about taxing wealth then? That way the 99.99% can reclaim back that money via mob rule. Because if there's one thing the world needs, it's paper with DRM. Question to the down voters: If you think this is a bad idea, how else do suggest we redistribute the pool of capital to something more evenly distributed? Oversimplifying a bit but the choices are either, 1) Tax income 2) Tax wealth 3) Seize wealth. Option #1 clearly isn't working as long term those with wealth (i.e. capital) grow their power, influence, and wealth further. Thus increasing the divide. Option #3 doesn't work because there's an inherent "unfairness" to arbitrarily seizing the assets of others. Option #2 has it's merits. Arguably a billionaire is getting a larger value from the security/tranquility of a peaceful existence than a pauper. Should the billionaire not pay more as a result? Think of it like negative interest rates but rather than doing it on just cash in the bank, it's on total assets. If I own a bunch of stores in a city, I arguably have more incentive to prevent riots and looting. What about non-land based wealth? Say an empire of digital services running on virtual servers in a data center owned by a service provider? Are there any closed source block chains? I've never heard of Juno before and it took some serious A-level googling to find their website. Only PR articles (like this one) show up when you search for them and none of them actually link to their site. That's some seriously odd SEO. The Java simulation would be just as fast as the C one in the median case. The two problems with it are that 1) the big bang would have taken forever to start up and 2) the universe would eventually skip a beat for a stop-the-world GC cycle. > "Use stored procedures instead" - in most use cases this is prolly a really really bad idea. This is a common recommendation. The basis for it is two fold, 1) You strictly define the inputs for your transaction as the parameters for the stored proc and 2) You have a single round trip from the app to the DB. For a complex transaction involving says 10 separate operations (insert X, query Y, update Z, ...) that's 10 network roundtrips that are saved. Add to that eliminating the transit of data from the DB to the app server. What's this crowd think of this idea for solving this problem? 1) Offer an option to opt-out of all automated account recovery. If set, no more email resets, support PINs, or similar. This would be targeted at people truly care about security and have no issue with "forgetting passwords" (i.e. you use a password manager and you're not an idiot about backups). 2) Offer in-person, manual recovery. To participate in this you'd need to pre-register with full contact details (name/address/etc) of the valid people who could use this feature. The person would have to physically come to the office of the company, present two (or more) forms of identification. To add further security, you could add a mandatory wait period between initiating a reset and it taking effect (ex: min 7 days). That way a combination of fake ids and social engineering could (in theory) be stopped by getting an alert that " You initiated a manual reset of your XYZ account. Did you actually do this?? " EDIT: For #2 you could also add a non-trivial fee (say $500) that would need to be charged and cleared in advance of the person showing up. Ha! That sounds like certain for-profit conferences. "You've been selected a speaker for our super elite conference! You can invite your friends to attend for the paltry sum of $XYZ. Oh and it'll also cost you $ABC..." Not quite as old (circa 1978) but TeX is still alive and well: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TeX Fear not as we'll eventually track down these 13 people once we combine these disparate DNA data sources. They might not have identity information in this particular dataset, but if one finds that same sequence in another dataset that does have that information, it's not too hard to piece these together. Best part is that we don't even need it to be exact! We can look for their relatives instead and use that to narrow the search: http://fusion.net/story/215204/law-enforcement-agencies-are-... Are you against eating all animals or is there a cut off point of intelligence after which it stops being okay? Most of what is/isn't acceptable to eat is based on history and popular socially accepted practices, not whether people think their prospective dinner is intelligent. Pigs are more intelligent than dogs yet the latter are not eaten in the western world and I wouldn't want to live in a world without the (delicious) former. > Agreed with everything up until your last sentiment. I assume it was hyperbole, but it's still a ridiculous notion that without this specific food item (that currently requires harming other sentient, intelligent individuals), that life would not be worth living. I didn't say it wouldn't be worth living. I said that, given the choice, I'd rather live in a world with ham, bacon, and baby back ribs. > The part GP highlighted wasn't the museum, or restaurants, or the lake. It was the short commute to work. Slashing the commute from 1 hour to 10 minutes gives you at least 1 and a half hours more each day, or about 10% more life. If you count it in "time spent with the family"(subtract work hours, personal time and various other engagements), it's anywhere from 20-50% more time spent with the family. Is a house worth that much time? Well, it probably depends on the people. While true on paper here's what really happens to most people: 1) They spend the extra time working instead of what they would otherwise consider family/fun/relax time. 2) If buying a place costs X and renting costs Y, they end up spending (Y-X) frivolously and getting accustomed to that level of spending. If nothing else, owning a home tricks/forces/cajoles people into saving money. Sure you can argue, "I'll save the difference and invest it at Z% ... Win!" but that's not what the VAST majority of people will do. > The question tho is simply: Are they happier? Having done both (short and long commutes), I'd say yes, but only in the short term. There's a distinct joy in not taking any form of powered transit to work. You feel it with every step you take walking in the mornings. Eventually that joy wears off though as you realize that you haven't saved squat over the past N years and if that trend continues, you'll eventually get priced out of renting too! Pure guess (no affiliation to npm) but they're probably running it within a container to normalize the environment. If you read the docs it says they support both RHEL and Debian based distros (specifically Debian, Ubuntu, RHEL, and CentOS). By running in a container, all you need to set up on the host VM is docker. After that, the app itself is the same within containers on each of them. If you do it DIY then you can also use the same packaging for your on-premise deployment as well (i.e. no AWS). ECS etc are great but not everybody is running on AWS. I'd be more interested in seeing the distribution across submissions that actually made the front page. There's a daily deluge of articles from ars, techcrunch, nytimes, etc, so the (tons) of articles that do get to the top get penalized by the ones that don't. I don't think there's a flag for "hit front page" so might have to estimate that with a min point filter instead. How does using paxos compare to standard 2PC/XA transactions? Does this only work for append only unique data structures (ex: immutable log style)? It doesn't matter if they keep the money, donate it to their self run slush fund[1], or launder it through the Democratic Party[2]. The ethics issue is taking money from people who you're supposed to be regulating and misrepresenting your allegiances to voters. [1]: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton_Foundation [2]: http://www.mahablog.com/2016/02/23/elaborating-on-the-dnc-cl... Are bash processes entirely hidden from the task manager or just not shown by default (i.e. similar system services)? What's the legal jurisdiction of the ISS? Is it split by country of origin of the separate modules? On a more comical note, I wonder if "worldwide copyright" applies after escaping the worlds atmosphere... Oh duh ... My mistake for writing as I think rather than after! From the article (emphasis mine): > “We have historically been contracted with Express Scripts as a retail pharmacy, which is what we’re licensed as in the state of New Hampshire”–where the physical pharmacy is located–”and they want us to contract as a mail-order pharmacy,” he explains. Though the retail-vs.-mail order question isn’t a legal one, traditionally pharmacies that dispense 30-day prescriptions with typical copays are considered retail, and those with 90-day prescriptions and discounted copays are mail-order. Although PillPack does mail its medications to patients (that’s a major selling point), everything else about the business model hews closer to the definition of a retail pharmacy . I would think mailing the meds to the customer is the defining characteristic of a mail order pharmacy. > Anyone know if the quoted cost of $0.04/GB for Transfer Acceleration is instead of the $0.03/GB for standard S3 ingress, or in addition to it? Ie. is the final cost per GB $0.07 or $0.04 when using Transfer Acceleration? S3 ingress is free. You're thinking of storage pricing. Don't forget the most important part: sudo make install Bug report for devs: 1) Edit a doc in tab A 2) Open same doc in tab B 3) Edit in tab B 4) Edit in tab A Result: changes in tab A are not saved and there's no notice/indication/error message. ... now bugs aside, why would I want to use a text editor that isn't local? Even assuming it works fine, what does this get me that $FAVORITE_EDITOR combined with the plethora of other sync methods (dropbox, google drive, onedrive, etc) get me? >> We have no retirement savings, because we emptied a small 401(k) to pay for our younger daughter’s wedding. > The author isn't mysteriously broke. Money is not being stolen from his account. Rather, he's spending a lot of money on things which he believes are necessities (like paying for a child's wedding), and sacrificing a lot of things which he believes is optional (like having retirement savings). Some would suggest both categorizations are wrong. Bingo. As much as I think of social security as a ponzi scheme, one thing I do like about it is that it forces people to contribute and they can't touch their contributions. Sure you might only get $.60 back for every dollar you throw in there but hey at least you'll get something. It's sad to say it, but the majority of people are not financially savvy enough to make sound decisions. Left to their own devices most people wouldn't save diddly squat, work till they're fired, then be destitute. And they probably won't have kids to take care of them anymore either because " Kids are expensive ... you can't afford that! ". Sure but that means I also have to create a github account and sign in there too. I have no interest in that. > These are not trips to Vegas with hookers and blow, but rather core human experiences, closely tied to the concept of "middle class" themselves, and not financial back-breakers for middle class families in the past. I have more respect for someone who blows all their money on "hookers and blow" ( or whatever their personal equivalent is ) than keeping up with the Jones. If you're gonna flush your wad of cash down the toilet, pick your own stall! What is snap? I can't find mention of it anywhere on the release notes page. Prior to clicking the link I really thought this would be about concussions in the NFL Baltimore Ravens. I chalk that up to a working "raise awareness" campaign. I bet you could solve this with ZFS and automatic snapshot creation for each new command. Want to undo the past N commands? Roll back to a previous snapshot! Bold is the man that tests leaked credentials against .mil domains. FYI, this is the same company that sues farmers for re-planting seeds that blew onto their land: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monsanto_Canada_Inc_v_Schmeise... I don't use the phrase "evil" often to describe corporations but Monsanto makes the cut. What business is it of there's how I ended up with it? If I didn't sign a license agreement then I can do what I want with those seeds. That includes planting them, spraying them with roundup, then planting the survivors. Their business model depends on farmers agreeing to licensing their seeds. Nothing says that those farmers have to agree to that. If those same seeds are available elsewhere, whether brought by the wind or just bought locally, a farmer who has NOT signed any sort of agreement can do whatever they'd like with them. > Your allegations miss a crucial detail, Monsanto sued farmers who planted seeds and then sprayed them with herbicide[1]. Ie the farmer knew what he was doing and used the patented trait. Why shouldn’t Monsanto sue over that? Like many things in GMO land the myth that they sue accidental contamination is wrong. I disagree that anything is wrong with doing that. The way I see it, he identified that a number of plants were resistant to RoundUp and efficiently figured out which they were. It's not his fault that Monsanto's business model fails to meet up with the reality that plants have plantable seeds. > Monsanto has the worst PR team in history, which has made my company’s work much harder, but ‘Monsanto is Evil’ is a marketing slogan developed by Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth etc. These environmental groups are actually the true evil in the industry. Their campaigning has held back progress in the industry by many years. Smarter folks than me argue that their actions on Golden Rice meet all the criteria to be considered a crime against humanity[2] Friend of the earth ( lower case without a ™ symbol ) sure, but I'm no tree hugger. I'm not against GMOs and think Golden Rice is amazing. I just don't like the idea of imposing licensing restrictions on farmers. It's a dark road that we don't need to go down. > The entire legal concept concept of patents disagrees with you. I'll leave it an exercise to the reader on whether I agree with idea of patents on plants (or software). Running as root within a container means your still running as root on the host as well for the underlying process. If there's a security issue with containerization, you'll end up with root on the host. Running as a non-root user in the container is an extra level of protection and follows the principle of least privilege. I have no clue what the advantages of OSBoxes are but I know what like about Vagrant: being able to see how the box is provisioned Rather than having a VM be some magical preconfigured black box, I can peak at the Vagrantfile to see all the steps to convert a stock Linux host into a database/cache/MQ/xyz. From a security perspective it's much nicer too as one can reduce the level of trust to: 1) Do I trust the root box? 2) Do I trust the subsequent commands? Ha! My initial reaction at the combination of "Whatup" and .gov TLD[1] was that this is a government sanctioned WhatsApp replacement. [1]: That is before realizing that it's nasa.gov Oh I'm sure it'd have encryption. Heck it wouldn't even have any backdoors either. Only sidedoors ... Short of building/installing your own router how can a highly sensitive business protect themselves from things like this? Obviously you don't want to be running random vulnerable hardware that is never updated. But what else? I was thinking about having multiple layers ( security loves onions! ) with interchangeably components that you roll over at random. That way any given attack vector at one point might be mitigated by a different interface below it. Literally unplugging and plugging things in to shake things up. Paying for shill comments would probably be cheaper: https://xkcd.com/1019/ Not the best writing but it reads like a modern hardboiled[1]. Fun piece. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hardboiled > There will be kids showing off homemade spacecraft, Ebola test kits, and environmentally safe batteries. Homemade spacecraft - okay we've all had fantasies of doing this and depending on how far you've gone with it the primary material starts off with sofa cushions or cardboard. The sky is limit ( no pun intended ) for ideas on it. Environmentally safe batteries- okay there's a lot of room for this one too ( potatoes come to mind ). Not sure about the last one though. How does a child develop an Ebola test kit?! "Dad can you get me some Ebola ... it's for a science fair project!" So who's the real crook? Is it the sleazebag who legally takes advantage of the terrible system that we refer to as the US health insurance system? Or is it the 435 representatives and 100 senators who are in the pockets of the insurance companies and pharma companies that perpetuate our current system? At a moral level, yes the guy is as bad as they come ( and those youtube videos of him are just plain weird ). But I'd argue he's not the cause of our problems, he's a product of the system that we've cornered ourselves into. > He's a real crook in a system that's awful. It's not either-or in my book. The "either-or" is figuring out which one to go after and where to change things. If you only go after the Shkrelis, it's all for show and probably is a waste of tax payer money as he'll get off the hook for not legally doing anything wrong. People need to wake up and go after the real problem and replace the healthcare system and corrupt officials that perpetuate it. I fail to see what laws he's broken. If you're going to allow a "free market" healthcare industry, this is the result. Being a dick isn't a crime. Neither is being a price gouger. > Take a look then... > http://www.marketwatch.com/story/these-are-the-charges-again... . Did you actually read that article? It has nothing to do with price gouging prescription drugs. That's for an unrelated securities fraud charge for juggling hedge fund money. I'm not saying he's not at fault in that situation (honestly not sure) but it's unrelated. That's definitely closer but he hasn't been charged with anything on it. The only charges are for (unrelated) securities fraud. I put this in the same category as that snooping device insurance companies want people to install in their cars (tracks speed, breaking, etc). It's optional till it's not. To put it another way, it's only optional till its prohibitively expensive to maintain your privacy. I think both of these should be banned at the Federal level before they become too pervasive. The slope is too slippery. But I want it now! $ nvm ls v6 N/A $ echo ':(' :( On a more serious note this really is an awesome release. Kudos to everyone that works on Node.js! Ever since the "reunification" of node.js/io.js there's been a whirlwind of great activity both in adding features as well as LTS releases (which are critical for long term adoption of the platform). $ nvm ls-remote v6 v6.0.0 $ echo ':)' :) Sweet! Maybe I've got Stockholm syndrome but I prefer the module.exports style. Does Jenkins 2.0 use the same plugin based architecture as 1.0? Does anyone actually prefer to use plugins for project types rather than a hand written build script? (i.e. using Jenkins to just kick off a shell script) In your experience what's the usual time between battery replacements? That's been the only "killer" for phones for me. With a decent case I feel like they otherwise last forever. My personal upgrade cycle usually involves someone else's (ex: spouse or parent) phone breaking, giving them mine, and buying a new one. Otherwise I'd probably still be on an iPhone 4. I've wondered why there isn't a "big player" in the cloud space for this. Felt like a hole. My operating theory is that the people who would really make use of something like this have grown beyond managed offerings and would take it in house. For smaller operations Redis is more than enough for pub/sub. Ditto for SQS for externally triggered eventing. +1 regarding reading that essay on Kafka. The explanations, illustrations, evolution and use case are all well thought out. By "this" I meant a managed Kafka cloud offering. I generally a fan of these types of services as there isn't as tight a binding as proprietary ones. Migrating from Heroku Postgres to RDS or self hosted is well defined. Ditto for Redis migrations. SQS, Kinesis, and other proprietary ones not so much. You can insulate your code base but if you're really going to leverage the ecosystem of those services then you're going to be stuck there. That's why I find something like this interesting. The "out" is there so it makes it easier to accept getting in. If you're a Walgreen's investor, blame their management for not doing the proper due diligence. If you're a Theranos investor, blame yourself for not doing the proper due diligence. Does anyone here have bad things to say about TypeScript? I haven't used it for any large projects yet (couple toy ones) but seems pretty legit. Based on my anecdata, people who have used it at scale seems to like it. I can't tell if that's because they're still in the honeymoon phase or if it really is a step forward for the long term. > The main knock against KeePass for teams is that it's all or nothing. ... and the binary format makes KeePass merges impossible. Even if it's just you, if you have multiple computers you need to make sure you have the latest copy before adding something. That's what's nice about pass, it plays nice with git, rsync, and just about everything else. Last write wins per credential. If you tack on history with git (or ZFS snapshots!) you have a central copy that you can share among a team. Someone should make a slick UI atop a pass directory with a browser plugin. Most states have laws on the books that require you to agree to a sobriety check as a precondition of getting a driver's license. I think that also includes agreeing to a blood-draw if you get booked for DWI. Refusing is grounds for revocation of your license. Now all that aside, this is quite a stretch ... If the 5th amendment protects you from disclosing a password under a court order, there's no reason you should have to unlock your phone just because a police officer asks you too. Come to think of it, pretty sure that applies that unlocking your trunk either unless the officer has a warrant. > But the second cause is something that goes against the conventional wisdom. It's that teens -- despite their portrayal in popular TV and movies as uninhibited and acting only on hormones -- are having less sex . Could rising childhood obesity be contributing to this as well? > Similar to e.g. how property tax works in the US, you would pay something like 1% of the value of your "property" in taxes each year -- and when you sue, you can only sue for how much of that "value" was taken away from you (with perhaps treble damages or something). Then, all of a sudden, it's not enough to claim that your copyrights are worth $18B to sue Google for $9B - you have to have actually paid $180M/year or so in taxes in the last few years to make that claim. So poor small time developer can't sue any large company for a substantial payout because they can't afford the $N x 1% fee? I don't think that'll work. The real solution to this is time. We'll eventually get a new set of judges and legislators that understand technology. The former is all that's really needed though their extended terms make change very slow Once you've got level headed judges willing to throw out bullshit cases and impose punitive fees on trolls, this entire problem goes away. Until then, it makes financial sense for trolls to operate and even legitimate companies have to play that game to survive. Check out 33mail: http://www.33mail.com/ I believe it's exactly what you're looking for. Two fold: 1. Putting aside friends, family, and religion to focus on the task(s) at hand. 2. Saving enough "fuck you" money to be able to do whatever I want. Both are related and the former is pointless unless it's going to lead to the latter. Everybody[1] who's actually owned a gun (or plans to) hates smart guns. [1]: Okay maybe not everybody but based on my anecdata it's everybody. I not only use Google frequently, I use it to search for things I myself have written in the past. I can't count the number of times I've Googled for a programming question where the answer is found on a Stack Overflow page I've written. If it's a particularly old answer that I've completely forgotten, I've even thought to myself, " Wow this genius sounds just like me! "[1]. [1]: ... as well as " This idiot has no clue what he's talking about! " Even better ... I tried to downvote myself to the same result. This is really cool and it's pure js (no plugins)! This song is nice: http://tinyrave.com/tracks/27-more-midi-dk-country Rather than dealing with these cockamamie laws piecemeal, lets attack the root of the problem: term limits and age caps. That way instead of waiting for these half senile and all corrupt politicians to meet their maker, we introduce new blood into the system that hopefully understands the modern American people and modern technology. > It takes 33% (or so) to keep your job in the mid-term and you run unopposed. Who votes at the 4-year mark? The senate, congress, or national election? If it's the latter, electoral or popular vote? If it's via popular vote I think it'd be next to impossible to eject anyone. From the article (emphasis mine): > Mr. Cahill was one of the worst off. As he regained more than 100 pounds, his metabolism slowed so much that, just to maintain his current weight of 295 pounds, he now has to eat 800 calories a day less than a typical man his size. Anything more turns to fat. Presenting the numbers like this seems intentionally confusing. Casually reading this seems like he's eating 800 calories a day and still gaining weight. What they're really saying is that he's eat $AVG_295_LB_MAN_CALORIES - 800 per day. That's probably around 4000 calories a day. > Bonus: My business partner was given the same one and the same thing happened at BUR. TSA asked if she wanted to mail it home, she said "toss it" and never heard another word! Free business idea! UPS/FedEx/USPS packaging site at the end of the TSA line. When they say you can't take your cologne, knife, or toothbrush because it's too dangerous, you can immediately give it one of our helpful agents and they'll instead mail it your home! Good security has layers. That way if one falls through, hopefully the next layer will catch it. I'm not sure if the HN code allows it but it'd be nice to hide the point totals until after voting has closed. EDIT: I just noticed the randomization of the entries. That's a plus! EDIT #2: Point displays are now gone. Nice turnaround! Domains have been deprecated since at least 0.10. As of yet there's no replacement for them and all node apps should be using them. There's no other way to catch " But ... but ... that can't happen! " type errors. > Now Telcordia, a Swedish-owned firm, is being compelled to rewrite the database computer code — a massive undertaking — to assuage concerns from officials at the FBI and Federal Communications Commission that foreign citizens had access to the project. These officials fear that if other countries gain access to the code, they could reap a counterintelligence bonanza, learning the targets of U.S. law enforcement and espionage investigations. I hope they didn't use an open source database because otherwise the bad guys will have access to that too! Seriously how stupid are the people in charge of this kind of thing if they can't differentiate between programs and data? Now having a fear that there may be back doors somewhere in there is a valid concern, but the answer to that is sunlight on the code and layers of least privilege on the execution environment. > If Satoshi disclaimed the identity of D. Nakamoto in 2014, why wouldn't he disclaim the identity of Craig Wright today? What if he knows the real Satoshi and that the real Satoshi wouldn't out him? For example he knows that the real Satoshi is deceased and/or won't come forward. In what world would a cross domain version of this be a good idea? Maybe there's a legit use case within the same domain (think 90's HTML frames), but cross domain?! Actually thinking about it more, it's same world that connects to remote servers over plaintext telnet. Oh and you don't need to verify your identity either, user's will just say who they are and we'll trust them. Yeah I was tracking that via the API. It's interesting how close #2 and #3 were along the way. Neck and neck for hours. At the end of the day society has to decide, are we going to let people make there own decisions or are we going to decide for them? It might very from topic to topic (ex: tobacco vs. unhealthy foods), but it's one definitive answer per topic. Redis is in a very small category of software that's been pleasant to work with from day one and continues to be on a daily basis. Kudos to antirez on everything before this and another great release. > What do you use it for? The answer to this question is one of the reasons I like Redis so much. It's not one thing, it's many things! I've used it for a "dumb" cache (key => bytes), a "smart" cache (key => data structure), a message queue, a pub/sub engine, and even a lock manager. For many of these use cases it's the best, for others, it's more than good enough and not having to add additional infrastructure components to a system is always a plus. Here's a configurable version by Mozilla: https://mozilla.github.io/server-side-tls/ssl-config-generat... Slick interface and arguably the top domain name possible. Nice! The youtube integration and cropping is really cool as well. It took less than a minute to try it out. I can imagine this getting some heavy usage which begs the question, how do you support the costs behind this? The video processing cpu time isn't free and the end result is an image hosting site which traditionally are impossible to monetize. What's the secret sauce for sustainability? > For supporting the costs: we ended up raising $ from some awesome individuals. Okay but that's capital, not revenue. > We've built out a team (we're hiring! rory@gifs.com), and the team has done a lot of work to ensure that gifs/webms/mp4s are transcoded insanely fast. A great dev team can arguably keep costs down with efficient systems but that's still not revenue. Also, dev teams cost money too so that's more expense. > We've had over 4,5000,000 gifs made, and over billions of .gifs delivered, which has started to run up some cost Okay sounds like some traction but I read that as about $11.5K/month of bandwidth spending[1] (just bandwidth, not counting transcoding costs). > ...which leads us to sustainability: we look at the gifs player almost like the youtube embedded player, but for, well, short media. Maybe one day ever gif/webm will be in the gifs player. As we continue to build tools for empowering people to augment videos, we hope to see more people make cool short clips within our ecosystem. So where's the revenue? Embedded player licensing? Intermingling ads? Changing the overlay icons for Brazzers to link straight there? I love VC fueled fun as much as the next guy, but I'm genuinely curious what the end game is. Ride it out and hope the user base becomes worthy of an acquisition before the money burns? [1]: 1 Billion Images x 100 KB/Image x $.12/GB[2] [2]: Based on the IP I'm guessing they're running on GCE with rack rates for bandwidth at $.12/GB. Probably over estimating though. This apology is definitely worth more than the $20K. Well spent and nice turnaround. > Shockingly, some of them even post at hn. Why is that shocking? Given the scope of active users, I'd be surprised if you didn't find supporters of every major candidate. Hell yah. It's not a coincidence that America is the only country that allows direct to consumer advertising of medication. Here's another one: ban all forms of compensation from drug companies to doctors. No more bribes^Wconference trips. I didn't know about NZ. Also, I think the Brazil info is out of date. It's not Indian specific either. I've seen it in a number of places throughout the world. It works anywhere that does not charge to receive calls (i.e. any sane place outside of the U.S.A.) as long as the caller doesn't get billed for cancelling. You can get more than 1-bit of information as well if you sync the clock on your phone with the recipient. That gives you approximately 3.3 bits of information if you use the minute modula 10. This only works if you previously agree upon a meaning for values (Mod 0: Yes, Mod 5: No, etc). > Fingerprinting through a government clearinghouse is typically reserved for employees. Source? Financial services corporations fingerprint both their employees and contractors. I've never seen a distinction in the process for either. I feel like I've seen source code that reads like this. Wow that's as close as it gets to the original article. I was thinking of something more general like: foo = foo.foo("foo"); ( And yes the reassignment is intentional as the returned object isn't necessarily the same as the caller. ) > It seems naming things is still one of the hard things in Comp Sci: http://rack.github.io I think rack is a pretty good name for something that is meant to be the infrastructure for running services. Not sure of the etymology for this project, but to me it conveys images of a server rack in a datacenter. Having built an entire app stack atop it, what's your opinion of ECS? Specifically on the scale of easy/works to painful/bend-to-will? (emphasis mine): > It says for Access to Source: Lite - Limited, Pro - Unlimited In the software world I'd consider anything less than BSD/MIT licensed source code limited. Life guards are a lot like teachers, the ratio of eyeballs to swimmers matters. A 100 to 1 ratio is impossible for any one person to track. 4. Throw it away and rebuild it now that you know how it really should work. You can do that with local storage. Not sure if there's an existing project that simplifies the process but the general idea is to use it as a hash map that's available to all tabs attached to the same domain. You'd have to synchronize things yourself to prevent tripping over yourself. Ditto for firing off functions in response to events (i.e. Poll loop and fire handler). > I find it hard to fault them for calling the police on shoplifting, even of $2 items, since that's the kind of product they sell. I'd take it a step further and say good job on actually following through with it. Otherwise what's the alternative? A private police force for Wal-Mart? > TL;DR: our body emits different chemicals according to our humor , including while we're watching a movie. So that's what people mean when they say I smell funny? It's a grain elevator. If you give out monopolies, then this is what happens. Here's a simple idea to fix this: capitalism. Mandate at least two providers at each prison and let them charge whatever they want. Let them race to the bottom so you get the same cheap voip rates the rest of the country has access to. Oh and if they collude on pricing, throw the management in the same prison. I bet they'd also start competing on the features the prison cares about too. Like tracking who's calling who, speech to text transcripts, and service levels. Problem with this approach is that it doesn't allow for the cronyism that is ripe in this type of industry. Wow this is a really interesting way to make inroads into chat apps. Plus since it's at the keyboard level it transcends to all installed apps. Anybody familiar with the iOS APIs for this to know if it's an "always on" type of thing? i.e. can they use this to track everything typed everywhere as long as the keyboard is enabled or does it require the "G" button like in the pic? Parallel query will probably win for sexiest new feature ( rightfully so! ) but remote apply is very useful in the real world. It will greatly simplify reading newly written data off replicas: http://michael.otacoo.com/postgresql-2/postgres-9-6-feature-... Postgres currently uses a single process per connection. That means at most one CPU core is used per query executing a connection. Parallel query allows breaking up query plans to allow multiple processes (and by extension cpu cores) to process a part of a query plan. The classic example is a sequential scan, say for a COUNT(*) or SUM(foo). A single process would scan through all the blocks in order. A parallel scan would split the blocks into N buckets, scan them via N separate processes, and then combine the results. > How about taxing net worth of an individual? Calculated by market participants like they do today. Nobody in the USA has the balls to propose or implement this. It does make sense though. Why tax the guy making money? You should tax the guy hoarding it! By hoard I meant "be the owner of". Doesn't matter if it's cash, real estate, stocks, bonds or shares in a lemonade stand. Call it all wealth and throw a % on it. Make it progressively increase up and 0% on anything less than $X. We could call it a Robin Hood tax. This will also have the incentive of causing the wealthy to invest in riskier things. Ex: 5% growth doesn't make sense with a 6% wealth tax. EDIT: Moved some sentences around. They gave it to themselves. > First, approach your collection as a single unit of stuff. Don’t dwell on individual photos or letters yet. Think about the entire collection as a mass of related things. Kells said, “You’ll scare yourself if you think, ‘I have two hundred things.’ The project will seem bigger.” It is one collection. This is good general advice for solving any problem, from archiving a lifetime of curios to building a complicated software project. > “We’ve had a lot of people converting. Around 40% of users were turning off their ad-blockers,” said Lewis DVorkin, Forbes Media chief product officer. Those numbers are bogus. There's no way 40% of people will disable ad blocking just to read Forbes. Education doesn't translate to intelligence and being "liberal" is a pretty wide catch all bucket. There are big differences between socially liberal and fiscally liberal. In what situation would a rogue process be able to perform this exploit and not already be compromised? So would this be a way to circumvent W^X? I'm still not understanding what situation is made more vulnerable from this that isn't already entirely compromised. I'm not against unions, I'm against public sector unions. Private sector unions can do whatever they want. Let them strike, collective bargain, walk out, sit in. The damage is isolated, the dollars involved are relegated to business owners and workers, and there's competition on both sides of the equation. Public sector unions are were the trouble is at. Government work stoppages[1] are bullshit as are unfunded future concessions that will have to be paid by our children's children. [1]: Yes we can all make jokes about how they're not doing anything to start but you know what I'm saying... > but then, how should public sector employees ask for better conditions? The government already has to compete against the private sector. If wages rise there, whether through union action or labor shortages, then government will have to act accordingly. This works in the opposite direction as well (lowering wages/costs). The main issue is that the current government does not have an interest in long term planning. The current mayor/governor/steward is more than willing to push the true costs of things down the road because they won't be around to account for them. That's how you end up with massive unfunded pension obligations. Public sector unions are just one part of this problem albeit a big part.