I’m sorry if that takes money out of retailers pockets, but I really do think that the talented people who sweat blood making these games deserve the money more than people who only know how to push people to buy used instead of new. Then the developers should just charge more up front. I only buy used (or deeply discounted) games because $60 is just too much to spend. If they make it where I still have to spend close to $60 even on a new or discounted game I just won't buy anymore games. Wow, so it's been so long since I've had a 'programming' test I had to go look up the FizzBuzz test. A first year compsci student should be able to whip up a solution in minutes. I can't believe that people try for programming jobs and fail FizzBuzz. First read "How To Win Friends and Influence People." If you apply the rules in the book and are at least an average looking guy you should not have any problems finding dates. Add in some gym time and some pop culture into your daily RSS feeds and you're all set. When you find a girl you like, slowly introduce your geek side. She'll think it's cute. Plus, nowadays everyone uses computers in one way or another so any geek tendencies are not going to be that big of a stretch to understand. Really, it's not that hard. "The system must be completed tomorrow." There are so many things wrong in this post I'm not sure where to start. First, 5 reps is fine sometimes. Look up periodization. The body adapts quickly so while 5 sets of 5 might work for a few weeks you eventually need to change it up. Plus your joints, tendons and ligaments get tired always lifting heavy. Cardio has nothing to do with 'toning.' The old saying is 'abs are made in the kitchen not in the gym.' If you want to look tone (horrible term but we'll go with it) you need to have some muscle and then remove the fat from over top of it. The easiest way to remove fat is the cut calories. You can burn calories through exercise, but not nearly as much as people think. Dips and pullups is nothing close to enough for a well rounded workout. If you want to do a workout without a gym Google bodyweight training. If you have access to a gym then look at the books 'Starting Strength' or 'New Rules of Lifting.' Both are good books by excellent authors and give you plenty of workout plans. With either, expect to spend about an hour in the gym 3 times per week. Have you actually lifted heavy for any amount of time? If you have you'll know that you need times where you let your tendons and ligaments rest. Your joints will thank you too. Muscles recover much faster than your connecting tissues (and your CNS for that matter). Look at something like the 5/3/1 workout. It's set up in a manner that you can do it indefinitely because it has built in periodization. For 3 weeks you work up to near maximal weights then a 4th week of deload. This 4th weeks gives everything else (again - connector tissue, CNS) a chance to fully recover. A complete program is not necessarily complicated. Running is NOT a replacement exercise for a squat and DL variation. Adding a weighted vest is much different than adding ankle or wrist weights. I would advise against ever adding weights to your ankles or wrists while doing cardio. In that scenario your legs and arms are acting like big levers and even light weight can wreck havoc with your mechanics that in turn can lead to injuries. The body just wasn't designed to operate in that manner. While not exactly the same issue look up 'open chain' versus 'closed chain' exercises. The Metalab guys should be happy about all the free press they are now getting. Not saying that Metalab did this, but I wonder if there is a PR lesson here. Anonymously upload your companies design to a popular FOSS project and then pretend to be all dejected when you 'find out'. Air your grievance publicly and boom, instant PR! It's not neccessarily sociopathy, but points to a lesson the be aware of who you hang around with. I heard a stat last year that said that most people make within +-10% of their 5 closest friends salaries. It makes sense when you think about it. If you're hanging out with people who work dead end jobs and simply get blasted every weekend your most likely going to be doing similar things. Likewise, if you hang out with people are always coming with ideas for companies and following through you'll likely be doing same thing. “Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.” -Howard Aiken I agree that Apples reasoning for charging for the Touch updates sounds shady, but you're comparing a touch (NOT a phone) to a nexus one which is a phone. If you compare it to the iPhone the updates are included. Did you really buy a Nexus ONE to replace your touch and don't use the phone portion of the Nexus? Looking at random pictures on the chat roulette map is pretty disturbing lol. I wonder if these people knew a) they were being tracked and b) they picture was being saved would they have still done what they did? "Google did spend a lot of dough trying to roll this out." Where exactly did Google spend all this money? I see DRIOD and iPhone commercials nightly and have yet to see Nexus One commercial. I also don't see any Nexus One advertising in stores or anywhere else a typical consumer might go looking for a phone. Google did some web advertising and had some business news sites cover the phone because well they are Google. I have yet to see any sort of advertising from them that even comes close to the iPhone or DROID (which incidentally has also done very well). Totally agree! Mercury and other heavy metals make it potentially dangerous to eat much fish anymore. I think what your stats and the comment you replied to is showing is that America has gotten better, but there is a growing class divide between the haves and the have nots. I'm not talking about the super rich or the wall street guys, but by and large the knowledge/new economy/professional workers and then everyone else. I believe most(all?) people on HN would by default be in the haves. They are educated and understand what it takes today to be successful. They may be broke, but rarely poor. Then there is a large group of people who are not only uneducated in these matters, but they are also poor and have no means or understanding on how to change their situation. The problem is that the gap between the two groups is growing larger and larger. How we get those on the have not side to make the jump is a growing challenge. * I was the computer science grad student of the year back when I was in grad school * I am a member of Upsilon Pi Epsilon http://upe.acm.org/ * I've been to Tokyo and competed in the web service composition challenge * I have climbed 2 out of Colorados 53 14ers so far. My goal is all 53 in CO and then the North American continent. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourteener * I have surfed big waves in Costa Rica When I was young my dad told me "never quit your job until you have another one lined up." I think that advice still holds, but I will expand it some. Get some side work lined up or something, but don't just quit without a plan. That's going to put you in a pinch and you might have to take another, even worse job because you need money. When I've worked jobs or had lulls in jobs where I was working below my level it always led me to create new projects at home on my own time. These projects kept me learning, stimulated my desire to solve problems, and some have made me a bit of side money. Sadly none have yet taken off to the point where I work on them permanently. I have an app (nowhere near top ranking tho) and I agree with you for the most part. My first submission took 2 days and any updates have taken less than 24 hours. One took less than 6 hours for them to turn it around and get it on the app store. My only issue with the app store now is the returns. I have had 1 return and all I got from Apple was the form letter that if you have a lot of returns it might be a quality issue. What I would like to see is at least the questionnaire the customer fills out in order for Apple to grant the return. At least this way I can know if it's some sort of serious problem or just someone who made a purchase by mistake. I think developers need to treat math like any other framework - continue practicing. When I was an undergrad and then a graduate student I was always doing math. Now that I work in the business world, not so much (although I do use my statistical analysis skills often). My math skills have degrade some because of it. As an aside, the picture at the end of the article gave me flashbacks to when I tore my ACL doing backrolls on the wakeboard...ouch! I think the point of the "either works or it doesn't" is a comparison versus analog. With an analog signal you could get slightly better results by getting better cables (or worse with worse cables). If you have a poor digital cable it flat out doesn't work. If the cable you're using works, buying a more expensive cable isn't going to make it work any better. Either the 1s and 0s made it from the source to the destination or they didn't. No one is claiming that there isn't engineering that needs to happen to make a digital signal reliably travel from the source to the receiver. You're confusing what I was saying. In an HDMI situation if you use a cheap cable and the picture and sound are fine, buying a more expensive cable isn't going to change anything. With HDMI in particular, if the cable is failing you'll know right away with either a poor picture or sound. It won't have the gradations that were possible when pushing an analog signal around - i.e. the picture looks could, but it could be sharper with a better cable. I'm not sure why you brought ethernet into the mix, but generally you're talking about much longer runs than HDMI and it's often not as easy to see when your are losing packets without specifically checking if you are dropping packets (IMHO poor network performance IS failing outright, but not as easily seen as a bunch of blocks on the TV). Even then, the cable you use is either delivering all the packets or it isn't (up to an acceptable level of errors/loss for the length you are running). Delivering a stronger 1/0 isn't going to change anything as long as it's strong enough for the receiver to differentiate. That's where it either works or it doesn't comes from. IMHO, seeing sparkles on the screen means 'does not work.' Hearing audio errors means does not work. When pushing a digital signal around if you have significant errors you'll know quickly at the receivers end if the cable is bad. If you hook up your cheap cable and don't notice any of these errors, getting a better cable isn't going to make the picture sharper or sound clearer like in the days of pushing analog signals around. I don't think the AMD way is necessarily the "right" way. What Apple needs to do is add more options. Make the options part of the power control applet. You should be able to have different settings based on plugged in/not plugged in, API usage, integrated/discrete always on/off, etc... IMHO, a combination of Apple's way and AMD's way is the right way. Drinks != music. Alcohol is known to slow reaction time and cognitive skills. Instead of substituting music with drinks how about wonder if doctors also listen to music while they work. When I was pre-med (prior to becoming compsci) I went and observed a few surgeries. The surgeons were some of the most focused, professional people I've ever met and they had music playing in the OR. Go figure. It's a tough question. The problem is that AAPL makes a lot of their money off hype/fad products (and don't flame me on this, they make some nice products, but the AAPL marketing machine is genius and could sell the Brooklyn Bridge right now). Not that this is a bad thing, but fads can change on a dime. Remember how cool the RAZR used to be? Rightly or wrongly AAPL is seen as a personal extension of SJs will. What happens when he leaves? AAPL has also just had a HUGE run up. I'm not saying it's going to drop anytime soon, but you don't want to be the last one on the train. AAPL makes premium products at premium prices. Has the overall market (jobs, financials, housing) really recovered enough that people in general are okay with spending again? Some statistics say no, but recent earnings say possibly. All these are questions you need to answer for yourself. I would be a little gun shy today (either buying or shorting) because I think there are easier/less risky investments to be in right now. I use win7 in a VM on OSX in order to do my day job. Prior to that I was using XP. I tried Vista, but resource wise it was horrible. Win7 stays out the way for the most part and it works - a lot like XP. Am I going to switch back? No, but you're right that for most users win7 is just fine. I have one even better. Comcast is actually a big group of companies split up by state. I was told multiple times that each state does not share data, accounting etc... I got to this point because when I moved from one state to another I had to close out my account in one state and open in another state. During the move I happened to accidentally double pay my final bill. Now, any reasonable company would just credit me my overpayment on my new service (in the same company right?). Nope, everyone kept telling me it was impossible. I'd either talk to someone from my old state or my new state, but neither could see any data from the other. After 3 months of this they mailed me a check. Just so happens my mailman is horrible (completely different story, but this happens all time) and somehow managed to tear the numbers on the bottom of the check so I couldn't deposit it ugh. Once again on the phone with comcast telling me I'd have to wait for them to cancel the check before mailing me a new one and still telling me it's impossible to credit the account. After 10 days I called back and the CSR acted like I had never called. So they started the process over again. This went on for over a month. Finally last month (nearly 7 months after the original overpayment) they CREDITED my new account! Something I was told over and over was completely impossible across states. EDIT I wanted to add that actual internet and cable service from comcast has been fine, and the people on the phone were generally nice. If it wasn't for the scalper though you probably wouldn't have even had the option to go it you had wanted to. MS has made many missteps, but I think with the Express versions of their development tools they are attempting to (and seem to be doing pretty well at it) migrate through a disruption in their developer tools and mindshare. Only time will tell if they were too late with the free tools. Well you could be pushing people to only be about themselves and their team and not the company as a whole. Why would I want to work with and help another team if it means I may move them above the 10% line and me below? So while you're right that it would push people to do their job well it could also push them to submarine others. Here is a good back and forth with Lustig and why his science could be suspect. http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/01/29/the-bitter-truth-ab... http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/02/19/a-retrospective-of-... There is no secret why people are fat. People are doing less exercise wise and eating more crap food wise. Trying to blame it on one trigger such as HFCS is clearly ignoring the big picture. I agree to avoid it with a web framework. It's just not worth the hassle in that sort of application. Where I still use it though is for reporting systems. Have your datasource output XML and then have an xsl for the web report and a xsl-fo for a printable PDF report. At the time I wrote the reporting system it was to replace Crystal which I found to be much more of a pita and more expensive. Always do it the right way? What way is the right way? The right way from an engineering standpoint or a business standpoint? In my experience the right engineering way and right business way are often at odds. My boss just says I'm 'developing under protest' in these situations. :) Haha so true. I spend 10 days in costa rica surfing and get by with just bringing a small back pack. Surfboards take up a bit of space tho ;) Finally. I've been wondering when all the people on Facebook would start wondering about their privacy. Hopefully facebook will see some backlash and have to stop making it harder and harder to remain private. I wonder if this is the opening for a new, more private social networking site? Exactly. It's best to assume everyone is biased and judge arguments on their merit and not on who is delivering it. I agree with you that right now it probably makes little sense for Apple to offer the service for free. A couple reasons that I see that they may change though are: 1) A slight jab at Google. Right now I have my mac address book, iPhone, and Google address book all syncing OTA. It was a bit of a PITA to setup, but works now. If Apple offered the same service for free I would most likely switch. 2) Making the service free could add another selling point for macs, iPhones, and iPads. A "buy this item and you also get into another exclusive club" type of thing. The problem with this reason is that Apple doesn't seem to need to do this right now since demand already seems quite high at the moment. My guess is that mobile me will not be free anytime soon unless Apple rolls out some new base technology that requires MM to function. Get a nice laptop. An iPad will not be enough for CS/EE degree. I would argue it's not enough for any degree, but that's off topic. Get an iPad later if you want to simply because it's a cool device that seems like a good ereader/entertainment system. My rationale is this. In undergrad and then graduate school many times I would sit with my laptop with the professor going over various problems. Impossible to do with an iPad. Many classes required X that wouldn't work on an iPad. For example, embedded systems required usb connection to the external HW device and then software support. Linux was required for many classes since the code is available to learn from. In the end my optimal solution was a 17" MBP with linux and windows VMs. The GPP sets up a strawman argument by saying that people are expecting EA to give their product away for free. No one is expecting that at all. To address your point, they are getting paid when someone buys and uses their product. Currently the $60 price tag includes usage of the game servers for a single person. If that person sells the game why should the new owner have to pay an additional cost? The old user is no longer using the servers and as far as EA is concerned their cost didn't change. In other industries it's theft? I've never bought a new car so all the used cars I've bought have been theft? What about used cars that still had original warranties intact? Should I be forced to buy a new warranty since I wasn't the original person who purchased it, even though it's tied to the car? Yeah, whether or not you agree with Hayek, he is obviously a smart guy who has no problem articulating where he stands on an issue. I wonder if it's a generational difference. My grand parents for example have no problem telling you what they think and their reasoning on why. Exactly. The effort required to meet insurance and then government regulations for a doctor or hospital to get paid is through the roof. I was at the doctor not long ago and noticed a sign at the desk that if you paid in full with cash or credit he would give you a price that was close to or below many people's rising co-pays. "There's some comfort in knowing that a non-profit agency is looking into the safety of a drug before it goes out to the public for consumption." You're kidding right? At least with a for profit corporation I know their motives. With a government agency I have no idea if they are returning a favor, taking money, or simply like the person. With that said, the FDA still requires a large profit motive since no one would spend the millions required to get approved unless they expected some return. I wonder how many possible working drugs for esoteric diseases are floating around that will never be released because of the expense of getting through the FDA. Just make it part of the science research grants they give out. I'm sure there are some scientists out there who love to work with venom and anti-venom :) That's the thing, I fully expect for-profits to accept bribes and would act accordingly. Assuming that the FDA is some high and mighty agency that only approves safe drugs is the problem. Because when you start talking about good revenue numbers you bring in competitors to the market. This advice is especially true in markets with very low barriers to entry like iPhone apps. Would it be easy to duplicate what maxklein is currently doing? Probably not, but $40k/month is going get some people to at least try and those people may end up being his competitors. I understand your point and agree with you. There was a movie not long ago that had just came to video. I checked the xbox and I couldn't rent it, only buy the SD version. So I check netflix steaming, not available. I check netflix movies and it's on a wait to rent. I can see why people go to P2P networks after I tried many ways to get the movie legally. I still haven't seen the movie since after all that I didn't feel like watching it then anyways. And don't even get me started on the impossible to skip commercials! I agree. I only do BJJ anymore, since really I'm too old to get punched in the face now :) I look at BJJ as a kinda of physical chess match. Every move has a counter and so on, with the question being can you execute it given how physically and mentally tired you might be at that moment. I try to focus my non-computer hobbies to things outside: -any board sport (surfing, snowboarding, wakeboarding) -high altitude hiking/mountaineering -outdoor photography http://picasaweb.google.com/michael.atwood/PublicPhotos# -weight lifting/power lifting -basketball Where are all these mythical talented engineers working as cashiers and waitresses?! Last time we hired I interviewed tons of people who frankly had zero clue about programming. We finally found a kid fresh out of school who is super smart, but barely takes showers. At least he gets work done though which makes my day easier and that's what counts ;) At worst a CompSci person should be able to go into government contracting. They are nearly always hiring, mostly require minimum schooling, and the pay is usually pretty good. There are some fields that usually require more than an undergrad degree to do much with them, but that's isn't anything new. Psychology is a great example, where you have to get an MS or PhD in order to go anywhere with it. If the student didn't realize that till graduation day, well that's their fault. You're assuming that intelligence somehow leads to employment and income. I believe intelligence is only one part of the total equation. IMHO, the larger and more substantial part of the equation is discipline and the ability to execute. This is HN, so look at all the startups that people do around here. Are they really that much more intelligent than everyone else on this list? I'm sure they're all smart people, but what they really have above others is the ability to execute. While the average american is watching American Idol they are working on their business idea. While the same american is playing video games or posting on HN ;) they are working their website. Obviously some level of intelligence is required, but I just don't think it's as important as many people believe it to be. Whoops, ignore me. I missed withOUT :) Sorry about that. Where is that story about how it's impossible to multitask again... I use Google as my offsite backup, so I would lose pretty much nothing except for my email address. That would be a pain. Best non-programming job I ever had was a waiter in a fine dining restaurant. I made great cash and met lots of interesting people. I also got eat very well and learned a lot about food and wine, something I still very much enjoy today. Also, keep in mind that fine dining is nothing like Outback or Applebees. I happened to be in college at the time, but many of my co-workers were people who waited tables on the side of their regular jobs. IIRC, one guy was a minister, another owned a catering business, and another was a teacher. Another big plus if you're not married is that you meet tons of girls :) I would think that any kind of analytics might fit your description. The problem is that you might end up tied to Excel. Another one might be some sort of civil engineering or any job where you need to physically build something. Also, any job that you have can require thinking if you want it to. Learn about the job and then think about you can do it better, faster, or cheaper. I agree. I replaced a SR MBP (2.4 C2D) with a new i7 and normal tasks really are that much faster. I had expected better performance, but was pleasantly surprised by how much the upgrade provided. It looks like they have room in the MB for an i3/5 and a separate Nvidia GPU since they have a 320M in the new one. The reasoning for the C2D in the 13" MBP though was that they didn't have room for both the i3/i5 and the Nvidia GPU so you'd be stuck with only the Intel IGP /shudder. Part of the blame I think needs to fall on Intel for making it so complicated to support other GPUs now. Honestly, what it sounds like you need is more RAM and/or an SSD. I recently upgraded to an i7 MBP just so I could get the 8GB of RAM. My last C2D MBP could only use 4GB. If it could have gone to 8GB I would have stuck with it and just added more RAM since that would have been the most cost/benefit way to improve performance with my usage (VMs for Windev, XCode for Apple dev, everything in between). Now that I have an i7, my next big performance changing upgrade will be an SSD. I'm just waiting for the next gen or maybe the next gen after that. Exactly. I put a majority of the blame on these companies that for some reason can't be bothered to check an ID. On the back of my debit and credit card I sign it with "Check ID" since the cashier is supposed to at minimum verify the signature. I've had cards stolen multiple times and have had them used before I could cancel them. So much for verifying the signature. This is why I think companies that incorrectly send you to collections or give credit to someone using your identity should not only be on the hook for the money they lost but also liable to the person they are forcing to clear their name. Years ago I rented at a crappy apartment complex. When I left their check out basically meant you always owed them ~$200. I paid and moved out of state. 6 months later I get a collections call saying I didn't pay the bill. I told them I paid it, she said it wasn't and said it was going on my report unless I paid that day. Luckily I paid by check and my bank (like all banks I guess now) keeps canceled checks online for pretty much ever. So now I had to go back 6 months and find this check then call the apartment then the collections agency, etc... A HUGE hassle and time waster for me all because the apartment complex employed incompetent people. The kicker was that the girl trying to collect from me said "people make mistakes and you can't blame them." Um, when I make a mistake and forget to pay a bill you guys jump all over me. You make a mistake and it's still my problem to solve. Obviously I don't expect them to do a point by point comparison of the signature, but they are supposed to at least make sure it's there. Writing 'Check ID' should get them to check my ID every time, but so few even look at the card. This is a funny prank where a guy went out trying to get people to actually look at the back of the card :) http://www.zug.com/pranks/credit_card/index2.html What did a full license of VS give you over just using the Express versions of the tools? From what I've seen unless you have a huge team and need the team features you could probably get by using the express versions. I do agree with that the SQL server licensing is a huge PITA and in your case you really didn't need all its ancillary features and instead just needed a simple, fast data store. The article was a great read. No, the worst thing is buying the car new . When you drive off the lot a car gets hit with immediate depreciation. The first year captures a lot more of that 30%. If you simply buy cars that are 1 year used you save a ton on the deprecation to the point where a 3-5 year loan at 6%ish never puts you underwater if you put a little money down. I don't know how it is in the EU, but in the US it makes very little sense to buy a new luxury car. Many people who like luxury cars also like owning the newest one. This means they lease and/or buy them and only keep them for 1-2 years. If you look in the used luxury car market you can find great deals. So great in fact that I'm amazed anyone buys one new, but that's what people like to spend their money on I guess. The general definition I use for 'underwater' is if I were forced to sell my car today would I get enough money for it to pay off the bank? Nowhere did I mention viewing a car as an investment. There is no rationalization. Of course it's more cost but there is also cost associated with reducing the amount of cash you have on hand. With that said, a car is the second biggest purchase most people make. It would be great if they all had the thousands of dollars to buy a reliable car with cash, but many don't. Personally the last car I bought was used and I got a 6% 5 year loan. I typically make double payments on cars so the loan is almost over less than 3 years in. I did the math the other day and accounting for interest I've done much better by buying the car on credit and leaving the rest of the money in my various investments. Over 2-3 years 6% isn't much to begin with so it's pretty easy to beat with other various investments. Where are you banking that your used car loan is 13%?! The one I have now is 6% and bank rate lists current used car loans for 48 months at 6.38%. You need to find a new bank :) I really hope you're not using dealer financing...ugh. I agree that buying a used car does take a bit of leg work. The last one I bought took me almost 3 months of looking. At the time I bought my last car the dealership wanted $33k for the base trim new. I bought the 1 year old version with 12k miles and higher trim level for 24k. The car was a 4-Runner, not exactly luxury, but a nice reliable car. I'm looking at Range Rovers now and the price difference between new and 1-3 years old is amazing. I also get a mechanic to check out any car before I buy it. Luckily I have multiple mechanics in my family. Oddly enough I have bought 1 new car in my life and it was the car that gave me the most problems. I had it in the shop every other week because of some computer/vapor exhaust issue. When I finally sold it, the engine light had been on for about 3 of the years I owned it. The mach3 is great. Other things I've noticed about cheap disposable razors is the blade spacing. When they put the blades too close together it's a PITA to rince the razor after each stroke. The Mach3 seems to be the perfect balance between the number of blades and the spacing. Look into the details of WIFI and/or cell technology sometime if you want to see something that's best not to know and just be glad it works ;) Obviously avoiding sugar is going to mean you consume less calories and thus likely to lose weight. Sugar is not on its own unhealthy though. Avoiding salt means you're avoiding tons of processed foods and drinks. I would bet that it's the avoidance of those foods that are making you healthier and not necessarily the salt. The thing that you're missing is that MSSQl is much more than just a database server. Now, I agree that if all you're trying to do is install the bare minimum RDBMS then IIS shouldn't be required. .Net though is always going to be required because you can write extended stored procedures in c# and have full access to the .Net object library (very cool btw). IIS is going to be required when installing parts of MSSQL like SSRS or MSAS since they can interact with client tools and users through IIS. Yeah, I was about to mention that MSSQL has had this 'feature' for years. I've used it a lot for retrieving organizational structures from the typical parent-child table structure. The best part of it, is that it is MUCH simpler than either trying to roll your own through cursors or dealing with it in whatever language outside the database. First off, great job! Working out really doesn't take that long. Most studies have shown that a typical non-steroid using weight training session only needs to last 45 minutes to an hour. After that time period, unless you consuming calories during the session the results you can get drop off dramatically from diminishing returns. I agree that the biggest hurdle with people going to a gym is the intimidation factor. I'm in the gym 4 times/week and love seeing people who start and keep going. I want to tell them how awesome it is that they are doing it, but am never sure if that's the right thing to do some stranger lol. If you can afford it the personal trainer is a great idea. The only problem is that many PTs plain out suck. I would try to do a session with one before committing to anything long term with a particular person. There are personality and knowledge factors that as a client you want to find out early. Your story is also very common and is why a friend of mine is opening a gym that will cater to people who need a PT and are generally intimidated about the process. Obviously it will be a smaller niche gym, but I think it will work out pretty well. At some point though you shouldn't want to lose anymore weight. Unless you start out really overweight, simply losing weight shouldn't be the goal anyways. Lowering BF% is a much better goal that reflects your overall body composition. I'm 6' 1" and almost 200lbs and weight wise I could be considered overweight, but my BF% was 11% the last time I had it checked and I've since gotten leaner. In short, don't get depressed about the scale. Look in the mirror and keep making body composition changes. The problem with machines and that most enforce 'bad' form. Every person has their own natural motion that a machine simply cannot match. The best way to learn a free weight exercise is to simply start doing it without any weight. Start squatting and dead lifting with just your body weight (use a broom handle to simulate the bar). Once you get that down start adding weight. There is a very little that a machine will do to help you with exercises like that and in fact it could end up enforcing bad habits. Ah, the dead lift. The single most effective exercise ever invented. I don't remember where I read it, but the quote goes like this: "A kid walked up to me in the gym while I was dead lifting and asked 'what muscle does that work.' I responded by asking the kid 'have you ever watched a football player run across the field and tackle the player with the ball?' The kid responded 'sure.' To that I said 'that muscle.'" I point and laugh at those guys :) Great advice! The 2 angles you generally want for a video are the front or back and the direct side angle. Luckily I haven't had to post and vids because I have a trainer friend who is very good at form and correction. He just adjusted a few things in my DLs and I'm closing in on 500lb DL again. I've tried sumos off and on, but I don't they are right for my body type. I have long arms and legs and I just get so much more leverage with the traditional DL. I do sumo holds though as accessory work to keep my glutes firing properly. And yea, the guy quarter squatting is generally a dumb ass. There are times to quarter squat, but for most people they should never need to. You picked a trainer the right way. If you know what you need to be pushed and motivated then look for that in a trainer. They each have their own styles and personalities just like anyone else. When it comes to random complements it's really me projecting my anti-social tendency while at the gym. I'm there for one reason and it's to work out. I put headphones and generally don't talk or interact with anyone the entire time I'm there. I guess if the opportunity presents itself I'll try and offer a complement in a non-creep way :) There is nothing wrong with yoga or pilates, but they are not a replacement for good old fashioned weight training. If you really enjoy yoga mix it in with weight workouts. Do weights a couple times a week and yoga a couple times week. Also, as someone else mentioned, don't be afraid of doing weights. The only way to gain weight and thus more muscle is by eating a surplus. So many women shy away from weights because they don't want to get 'bulky', when it's the food that makes you bulky not the training. I've worked in numerous jobs in the US and have never had to sign a contract. One tried to make me sign one of those 'anything you invent even on your own time is our property' documents and I told them no to which they said don't worry about it then. The company I work for now was acquired awhile back and the software I work on is one of the main reasons for acquisition. I fully expected them to try and present some contracts, but they didn't. Most likely they correctly thought that I wouldn't sign it without some increase in pay and benefits, and they didn't want to give me any additional money. I go back and forth on things like lol. It's hard to convey in writing when something should be take lightly or as a joke. Without the standard facial cues of smiling it's easy to take something the wrong way. And in general your heuristic is correct, but the gym is an odd place. I'm pretty social, but would prefer no one talk to me while working out. I'm usually so busy watching the clock and focusing on the task at hand that I don't want to seem rude to someone by having to eventually ignore them to finish my workout. You might be onto something. In my old city I used to go to an older gym with mainly people who wanted to workout and get strong. The bars had rust on them and the crowd was all very friendly, not big family friendly but they would all say hey when you showed up. My new gym is a big box gym. It's super nice, and I keep telling a friend of mine that really it's too nice. The people aren't very friendly, but I think that's because there are so many more people working out here that you rarely see the same person enough times to form any relationship. Plus, many people are there to just hang out and act like they are working out. One time I actually overheard a guy ask another guy for a spot and the guy told him no and then walked over to another bench and just sat down. I was stunned and in all my years of working out had never seen someone not help another when asked. Even in their most competitive days I couldn't imagine Arnold telling Lou no if he needed a spot. This has been my experience also. I have a friend who is a SVP at a very large company. She lives in one state while managing offices in 6 other states and 3 other countries. This means she is either working out of her house or traveling to the various offices. The only real requirement (and mainly to keep her sanity) is to live near a city with a major airport. SMS is it's own beast, but call minutes are already very cheap. I remember when 100 minutes was insanely expensive and now my only phone is a cell phone with enough minutes that I never think about it when I'm talking to someone. Carriers could compete on talk minute price, but they know that few people care. Those that do have already moved to something like Boost Mobile or one of the other low cost providers (most are owned by the big boys, so you could say they are already competing with lower prices just with a different brand). SMS messaging while a ripoff from a production cost standpoint is not all that bad from the consumer view. For $10-$15/month someone can do unlimited SMS. From a cost to communicate with anyone and everyone as often as someone likes standpoint that is a very cheap price. Also, people don't really care enough to move providers in order to save $5 when they would rather have either coverage, service or a certain phone. Are the carrier prices really artificially high? I will say they have some wiggle room, but they are walking a fine line of price they need to charge in order to build out the network across the entire US with the lastest tech and still somehow turn a little profit at the end of the day. Net Profit Margin for the 1Q of this year: VZ - 8.49% T - 8.36% S - (10.7%) Not exactly price gouging numbers above. I have no problem with charging for usage, but what I want is a flat rate per GB. Simply charge me $6/GB (rounded up is fine) and I would consider that fair for wireless network access. Of course the companies will never do this because I would only end up paying $6/month instead of the $25. I know ATT did their math and realized that most users are just above their lowest plan, but way below their highest plan. The goal is to push people into the higher plan and hope they use nowhere near that amount. You could always check out moissanite. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moissanite Someone would have to really study the ring to realize it wasn't diamond. Plus it first came from meteorites which puts it high on the geek scale ;) You shouldn't feel uneasy about quitting within 90 days. Most employes have the 90 day provision to fire you if you don't work out, so just use the same logic. I agree. I don't each fast food much at all, but the only craving I get is for McDs fries. When they are done right they very tasty regardless of how unhealthy they might be :) 50s best business move was hooking up with Vitamin water early on. He advertised for them and in return got stock options instead of cash. Vitamin water was eventually bought out by one of the big drink makers and 50 made out with ~100M. I got an iPhone 4 today and even in weak signal areas where I have less than 5 bars I can barely get it to drop another bar (it'll bounce up and down in my testing). I thought on day 1 this whole fiasco might have been a manufacturing defect in the first batch phones, and my experience seems to add some support to my theory To those with a phone that goes from 5 bars to no signal, simply call it defective and exchange it. There is a difference between shipping some defective units and shipping a defective design. Some defective units are expected because it happens. Like the other person who replied to your post, I can't imagine an engineering group putting the antenna on the outside and not testing it. I believe it's an issue. I'm also starting to think it's a manufacturing problem that primarily effects first or second shipment phones. I just got my iphone yesterday and cannot replicate the problem. I thought maybe I was in a good signal area so today I went to an area where I know signal is poor. When not in my hand the phone sat at 3 bars. If I touched the spot I could get it to bounce around from 2-3-4 bars. Never once did it go to no signal. Also, no matter what hand I hold the phone in my particular grip doesn't naturally touch the spot. A friend of mine who also just got his phone has has the same experience as I have. No real issue. Another friend who received his phone on launch day can touch the spot and go from 5 bars to no signal in minutes. The only commonality between the 2 phones that appear to have no problem is that they were bought at best buy from a very recent shipment. The phone with the problem was bought from Apple and received on launch day. IMHO, the biggest problem with the whole situation is how Apple has handled it. Clearly some people have issues, but Apple being Apple has been arrogant about the whole ordeal. This is one time where a little communication would go a long ways. I'm going to guess they still aren't sure of the exact problem and that's why they have been totally quiet on the issue (other than SJs typical quips). Also, the whole design defect thing needs to have some logic enter the equation. Do people really think that the phone went through an entire hardware design cycle and a group of engineers never thought to test of the phone was held? Even the worst developers I've worked with and managed do better testing than that. I think it's much more likely that there is/was either an issue with software and/or manufacturing. I was front row at one of her matches. Her reputation will always be fine with me ;) You keep saying this like it's news. Any platform, and not just mobile, is going to end up with winners and a long tail of losers or those that are not as successful. The current iPhone sdk and app store gives the lone developer a decent chance at making something that is successful though. Apple doesn't advertise the fact that they do keep a list of your purchases. If you call them you should be able to get them to let you re-download all the content you have bought through ITMS. IMHO, Apple should be putting a feature like this front and center, but my guess is that the labels are against it. Who else wants you to buy the same song first on vinyl, then tape, then CD, then digital, then... I agree with you, now if only the movie studios got on board. The day a movie comes out on DVD it should also be available to rent through every digital service out there including Netflix. I wondered the same thing awhile back, although the word 'evil' isn't something I would attribute to a game like Farmville. See my blog post on the issue, "Are Social Obligation Game Psychological Malware?" http://www.thepensiveprogrammer.com/2010/05/are-social-oblig... Google needs to be concerned about Apple, but FB threatens their main revenue stream. As more and more people get on FB and put all their information on FB, those same people have less incentive to go to Google to do any searching and instead will just search FB. It's interesting how the internet exploded and had content popping up all over the place and now the content has ended up self aggregating to a few sites like FB and youtube. I don't believe so. That term has been used for years prior to 2000 in competitive offshore fishing. Interesting thoughts. I had an acquaintance years ago who did a type of HFT. He built and ran a team of people for 5 years or so before 'retiring' with his FU money and traveling the world. With respect to your news about a CEO, what he told me is that any stocks that had news or upcoming news were simply pulled off the table from trading. I always thought that there could be some value in parsing and understanding news, but from his standpoint it simply took too long. His other point is why deal with other variables when you don't have to. Find low news stocks and you find something that is more easily predictable. That leads me to the next point he made, time. I asked him about using exotic analysis techniques and again he said most of their algos were variations of regression testing. Now, he didn't go into how they figured out the variables in their regressions, but he said the reason they stuck with those variations is because they were fast and they allowed them make decisions quickly before the window of profit closed. Last I heard he retired at 30 traveled the world with his wife got bored and now runs a hedge fund. I don't know if how he was doing it 10 years ago would apply to today. Yeah, he learned the hard way that you can't expect to compete in the pros without pro level access. The thing is though that the pros are dealing with ms or seconds when he should have been looking at things outside their range like minutes or hours or possibly even days. The currency market is even more cut throat (hey, insider trading is encouraged! :) ), but I have a friend who works with a single other guy managing about 10M leveraged out close to 100M. All they do is trade currency. On a typical day they make 1-2 trades for their clients and the rest of the time play golf and hang out. Pretty much the ideal job :) They got started years ago while in grad school by writing an algo to analyze currencies. After showing it worked they rounded up a bit of funding and have gone on from there. Ever since then they have just honed and tweaked the algorithm and both make a good living off the commissions from working a couple hours/day. This. The best user feedback is someone actually giving you money for your creation. I feel that I owe each person who buys my iPhone app the best type of that app possible. I wouldn't have down voted you, but anyway. FBs value is in connecting people. Humans are social by nature and FB extends that social nature out many orders of magnitude. Like you, I do wonder if the value is being over hyped. Who needs or even wants 100s of 'friends?' Real friends take time and effort and I wonder if we'll see backlash where people get back to less friends, but closer relationships. I've worn various Oakley sunglasses for years paying $100-$200 each. I usually keep them 3-5 years before they get too beat up to keep wearing. I've tried switching, but I haven't found any optics that I liked as much. I guess it could be a mental thing...dunno. One thing the article didn't touch on was comfort. I hated wearing sunglasses until I bought Oakley Zeros years and years ago. They were so light you could forget they were on. The next time I need glasses I'll go out and try to find some cheaper ones that fit my criteria instead of being lazy and just picking up another pair of Oakleys :) What a great time for me to read this essay and in particular this part you left out. My small team operates as a startup inside of a large company. We have produced more software at a faster pace than any other group in the company. We had a conf call today with the powers that be who have decided they want more process. Why would they do this? Well, while other groups are sitting around talking about resource this and ticket that we have simply been churning out software that meets the operational needs. The problem is that by doing this we are stepping on all sorts of political toes..."why did your team do this it's not your area?" Sigh, I guess it's time to move on so I can get my mindset back to solving problems with software. Yeah, taking credit is definitely a big part of it, but it's more than that. By simply doing what we do we keep making other groups in the company look horrible. I don't think we're all-stars, but in big corporations it seems that just doing your job with a results minded attitude easily sets you above the rest. Also, don't think we anti-process :) I'm a stickler for SCM and testing, but we operate in an agile manner. Most projects start out with a 'hey, this would be cool' and then we iterate based on user feedback. Early on code changes can roll out daily, while the new process wants us to bundle our code and hand it to a 'deployment team' who might take 2 weeks to get around to deploying. How this is acceptable is beyond my comprehension, but it might explain why other groups never seem to deliver anything (or put 6 months on any timeline). I told my boss today that if this goes through that it will likely destroy what makes us so successful and he agreed. I'll just look at it as motivation to work harder on my own ideas and maybe once and for all escape ;) Huh? DPs are simply proven ways to address common problems. Would it make sense for each of us to have to solve the same problems before we can get on to the new problems? Maybe we should all have to write our own programming language before coding our next business. Why innovate when you can just use an existing programming language? Also, it's not as easy as copying a DP. There is a level of understanding required of both the pattern and the problem at hand to even know if the pattern is appropriate. I will take a GoF solution as at least a starting point to my problem over rolling my own any day of the week. It sounds like they may not have really wanted you to begin with and used your high number as their out. If they really wanted your tech/app/whatever they would have come back with something closer to what they wanted to pay. At 6'2" I've always paid for more room when given the chance and a reasonable price. Last time it was offered at checkin I think it was $35 each way for 6-7" of extra room. It doesn't sound like a lot, but it makes a huge deal. I don't really have a bad list. I first look for flights on Frontier then SW and Jetblue. If none of those work out I default to Delta for the skymiles and most of their planes have in flight internet from what I have seen. What always gets me is that long haul flights seem to have less room than domestic flights or the regionals. The most uncomfortable flight I've ever had was from ATL -> Tokyo because the seats were so close together. I ended up spending hours just sitting in the galley with the flight attendants. Just so you know, Rails 3 RC plus all the associated dependencies with rspec now core dump on integration ('requests') tests even though controller testing works fine. It looks like there is a webrat/rspec usage issue. I assume they'll get it fixed in a few days. Here's the rspec ticket to keep an eye on: http://github.com/rspec/rspec-rails/issues#issue/140 >The short walk down a plain street is more difficult for me to understand... what does it really change? It changes you. What wasn't said is that during that short walk down the street you need to leave all your devices and gadgets at your house. Then, simply walk down the street and observe. Be in that moment of walking and focusing on all that is going on around you in that very moment. It sounds easy, and is a very zen thing to do but is a lot harder than you think. My mind is always racing with everything that needs to happen so that it's easy to become vapor locked. I take a walk outside and focus on feeling the warmth of the sun, the sounds, the visuals and everything that I need to do simply unfolds in front of me. It's hard to explain, but works. Honestly? Suck it up! I wasted 3 years of my non-work life 20s playing an MMO (DAoC if you're curious), and I've had more failed relationships than I care to count (in a good one now though). I could have let that sort of thing get me down, instead I use it as motivation. No matter what there will come a point where you simply have to suck it up, and that means doing stuff even when you don't feel like it or you can get away with not doing it. This isn't an insult to you, but you probably had it pretty easy your whole life so you've never had to dig down deep for intrinsic motivation. You've taken the first step of realizing that what you are doing now is not what you want to be doing. The next step is taking action to change, so get off your ass and get to it. I enjoy high altitude hiking/mountain climbing so I'll leave you with this quote that I think epitomizes willpower and motivation: "When I rest I feel utterly lifeless except that my throat burns when I draw breath...I can scarcely go on. No despair, no happiness, no anxiety. I have not lost the mastery of my feelings, there are actually no more feelings. I consist only of will." Messner on the first solo ascent of Everest While you're here :) I wanted to say that your book/tutorial is really well done. I was working through the 2.0 version and simply figuring out what needed to happen for 3.0. Thanks for the link to the 3.0 version. I'll let you know if I any problems or confusing parts. It's utopia in the since that pleasure is used to control people instead of pain. The basis of both novels is control. The people in power always want to control those who are not in power, and that is what the individual must always be on guard against. I look at TV as a type of soma. Imagine if tomorrow TV* was gone. What would people do? No longer could they easily escape from the things they don't want to think about. I'm guessing some would turn to drugs, but many others (I hope anyway) would wake up and realize their own reality and thoughts instead just what has been spoon fed to them over the years. * Like a lot of other 'drugs' TV has many good uses for information and entertainment. The problem arises when large parts of the population watch so many hours/day. That's the only experience I've ever had with Dell and I always thought their CS was fine ;) When you're buying 100s or 1000s of computers from them the level of service they give is much better than the person buying the single $300 laptop. "Sales" isn't that easy to measure. Sure, the sales person might have been the face to the other company, but were they the real reason the sale closed? I've written a bunch of small pieces of software for my current company and many new clients have said the only reason they picked my company over a competitor was my value add software. Did I see any of the sale commission? Nope. I think anyone who is in the HN environment has already realized that the people and, likely more importantly, the ability to execute* is the #1 secret in a successful startup. People outside the HN circle don't understand this though. I have friends who are still looking for that perfect idea and then they'll start working on something on the side. I just don't see it working that way, instead you keep working on the side until you morph whatever you have into that perfect idea. *Execution really is king, but is greatly helped by being smart and fast. Basically if you have all three you can take a whim idea do it quickly and see 'what if.' The faster that someone can iterate through that process the more chances they can give themselves at finding a good business. Who do you think is more likely to spend money in a way that not only transfers but creates more wealth. The government or a business owner? As an aside, what do you think top owners/earners do with their money? Hint, they are not stuffing it in their mattresses. Sentiment plays a huge part of any economy. Whether or not it's true, the overall sentiment is that Obama is bad for business. This leads businesses to hoard cash, not hire, and in general prepare for the worst. The only thing businesses, the market and the economy in general hate more than bad news is unknowns. That article sounds like politics in general is bad for business with which I agree. I think government works best when it's basically staying out of the way and keeping the rule of law intact. Obama is the President so it's easier to say him rather than the current government in general. As it stands there are many uncertainties around new regulations and costs (healthcare, taxes, potential cap and trade). I'm not saying I agree or disagree with any of them, but business hates uncertainty. It's hard to play the game if the rules are constantly changing. Here is more detail of the study in the original article http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/07/13/small-business-conf... "Owners do not trust the economic policies in place or proposed and are distressed by global and national developments that make the future more uncertain," the NFIB said. ... "Nine out of ten small businesses reported that all of their credit needs were met last month, according to the NFIB report. Just six percent of owners said 'finance' was their single most important problem. Rather, poor sales, taxes and government red tape took the top three spots." The OP said business owners and top earners. Wikipedia says that in 2006 the median income in the US was $32,140. I'm going to guess that most here on HN are making more than that (and some probably much much more). It's easier to look up towards the people making millions of dollars and miss that statistically you could also be considered one of those top earners. Are you ready to give up huge portions of your income to the government and let them decide how to spend it? I think the recent hoopla over the financial reform bill and how it shut out small investors from investing in a startup shows how disconnected the policy makers are with reality. Are those the people you want making decisions on the next startup to fund? Even though they revised the bill, they kept the net-worth requirement of $1M excluding ones primary residence. http://www.angelcapitalassociation.org/resources/public-poli... Rails 3RC works pretty well, but you should stick with latest Ruby 1.8.7 for now. If you're having any gem issues make sure you're using ones from --pre since those will have likely have the changes required for the new rails. Bundler does a pretty good job at handling this for you though. Android and the N1 are a good combo. My problem with your statement is that other than activation the iPhone doesn't ever have to be plugged into a computer. Your example only shows that iPhone support on Linux is a not perfect, not that a computer is required. I download music and apps all the time directly to the phone, no computer required. My contacts, calendars and emails are all synced to the Google cloud that then syncs back to my mac. I got CS degree from a liberal arts school. I really considered it the best of both worlds. I enjoyed the art, music, and other arts classes I had to take, and I think they kept me from getting burned out on math/science. I feel that I received a very good education for the money I paid. I agree with you. I remember getting my first job beyond cutting grass. I had gone out and dropped off resumes at all the grocery stores, etc... I came home and told me Dad I tried and needed to wait. He asked me what I did and told me to get back up and go back to each store, but this time ask politely for the store manager and hand him my application. First place I went back to and handed the manager my resume hired me on the spot starting the next day. It taught me an important lesson about really looking for the job and putting the proper effort in. And yea, get a job doing something while you look. I haven't been jobless since before my first job at 15. Depression? Grow up. It would depress me to sit at my house all day for 2 months while borrowing money from my friends to pay the rent. How would some side work suck up all your energy? It's not like you have to think to serve fries, stock shelves or wait tables. Working crap jobs is the best motivator I've ever had to do better for myself. Never done it? I've had a job of some sort since I was 15. I worked overnights while in HS stocking shelves in addition to landscaping during the days in the summer. I put myself through college waiting tables so when I graduated I had Come up with all the excuses you want, but at the end of the day you're still mooching off your friends when you're perfectly capable of doing some job while you look for more work. IMHO, that's not acting like an adult. Define 'rich.' Most of my public place time is in a local coffee shop where I know everyone (owner, employees, other customers) and they know me. I can leave my stuff there no problem and if I need to leave to run an errand I can pack my stuff up and leave it behind the counter. In unfamiliar public places I generally will pack up completely. It only takes a second for someone to steal your stuff and that's the last thing I need :) I'm in the US and can only get 1 bar to drop. Overall the i4 signal is much much better than the 3GS though. AT&T uses 2 different frequencies from what I understand so I'm wondering if one is more impacted than the other? You can add a 3rd person to your analysis. I've had the iPhone 2G then the 3GS and now the 4 and the 4 has the best signal of the 3 by far. In my experience all the cell phone companies in the US suck. Go to any of their message boards and you'll see the same complaints over and over. The nature of Apple tends to draw a lot of hype from both sides and that certainly spills over to AT&T. Personally, I had zero problems with AT&T when I lived in the south east. When I moved to Denver I just happened to move into a dead zone and would lose calls constantly. I used the mark the spot app and complained a few times and they apparently did something on their end to the point where I can't remember the last time I dropped a call now. If I start with full bars it's hard to lose a bar at all because of the 20db drop and how the bars are calculated. When I start with less than full bars the most I can get to drop is a single bar. I've never been able to replicate the youtube video even in areas with a weak signal. My guess all along has been that yes you can get a 20db drop in signal with touch, but that also some phones from the early batches had manufacturing defects. Combine the two (plus the software that showed more bars than you really had) and you can get the go from 5 full bars to no signal problem. I just got an iPhone4 so obviously that would be my recommendation. I don't think you could go wrong with it or one of the new Android phones. Since you're already on AT&T and don't mind staying I wonder if you could buy one phone and try it out for a couple weeks and then take it back and try another. That's the only way to really find out about each (Android vs. iOS) since most discussion on the internet about them has reached emacs vs. vi level. When I used to work in an office we had this kid who worked with us who I don't think washed his clothes ever. He would have stains on his shirts and pants and was just generally disgusting. We finally had to tell him that he needed to clean up. His clothes are now cleaner, but he's still pretty dirty. It's especially noticeable right after a new game comes out that he spends all night playing (WoW, and I'm told now SC2). I'm very OC about this. Anytime I eat or feel my fingers have become oily or dirty I have to wash my hands before working on the keyboard. Of course my keyboard still gets dirty over time, but not nearly as bad as some peoples I've looked at. Ligher roast coffees actually have more caffeine than the darker roast. The roasting process destroys caffeine. Alton Brown mentions this on the Good Eats episode about coffee :) Even then, from my additional readings on the topic the difference appears to be very small. I don't know about Linux since I quit using it on the desktop years ago. Someone responded to me a couple weeks ago in another iPhone related thread and said linux works fine with the iPhone - YMMV though. I know the owner of the local coffee shop I go to. His internet is locked, but he gives out the code to any customer who asks. I've talked to him before about giving away internet and he didn't seem to think it was a big deal. As long as he has people in his store he's happy because they will eventually buy something. He also has book readings on the weekends and recently started staying open later hoping to catch kids who need to study now that school is cranking back up. Last time I talked to him he said the night time thing was doing better than he expected. He is a bit more expensive than the chains, but his coffee also doesn't taste like crap :) Yeah, they just made that change a month or two ago. I'm going to guess that they figured out they were losing business to either smaller chains or mom and pop stores who were offering free internet. I just found this and it makes sense. http://coffeefaq.com/site/node/15 It seems the difference is very small regardless of which one has more. I'll have to check out both books. Good Eats has inspired me more than a few times to spend a Sat. afternoon attempting to recreate what I just watched ;) It would probably help to have something a little more concrete in front of me. Not only that, but you also need to stay at healthy eating habits past the diet. If you're cutting so many calories it's makes it near impossible to keep at it, much less adjust back up to a maintenance level once weight goals are hit. Calories make you fat. The problem with carbs is that they are generally very caloric dense and they are everywhere. Cutting carbs is an easy 'diet for dummies' way of doing it, but I'm going to guess that you put yourself in a caloric deficit by cutting out the carbs, thus experienced weight loss. Just for reference, I eat a ton of carbs are part of my total P/F/C intake and am still cutting down with a goal of 9% BF. The problem with many of these types of books is that the science behind them is very weak. Here is an article where Alan Aragon looks at the problems with the glycemic index (I know you didn't mention it, but it shows the problems with many studies dealing with food). http://alanaragon.com/elements-challenging-the-validity-of-t... I know I've read an article from him dealing with no carb, but I can't seem to find it right now :/ Here is a good article from Alan Aragon about the GI. http://alanaragon.com/elements-challenging-the-validity-of-t... Unlike most books out there, he includes all his pubmed references. Obviously if you're fructose intolerant you need to avoid it, but HFSC isn't the evil it's been painted to be. I like reading this guys blog because it's no nonsense nutritional information with ALL his sources. http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/01/29/the-bitter-truth-ab... And there's the problem. Most people don't drink just coffee, but instead some bastardized triple caramel pump, white chocolate mocha espresso. For the record I like my coffee black (mmm espresso) and maybe a little milk :) Up your calories. Since you're a vegetarian keep eating tons of veggies (snack on them all day if you can), actually everyone should take this advice. Eat nuts, great source of cals, good fat and healthy. Personally I like something better than peanuts. Find a whey protein powder that you like. This will require some trial and error. Drink a serving post workout. In a pinch, chocolate milk will work fine. http://www.bodyrecomposition.com/muscle-gain/an-objective-co... I have found Muscle Milk to taste the best, but it's not cheap. Take a look at www.trueprotein.com for a good deal on protein, but you have build your own mix. If you get unflavored whey you can mix it with all sorts of things to simply up the protein content. Something to think about. Finally, if you're still not gaining weight drink milk. The classic bulk was to drink 1/2 gallon or more/day in addition to your regular meals. I promise you'll start putting on weight then :) One more thing, check your workout. Get a book like New Rules of Lifting or Huge in a Hurry to get a set of great professionally made workouts that will last nearly a year. Intermittent fasting with nutrient timing: http://www.alanaragon.com/an-objective-look-at-intermittent-... It seems that the research points that body comp levels are either unchanged or lead to more fat with the more meals/per day. The benefit of spreading out calories has to do with satiety and hunger not the gaining of fat. From the well researched article summary: § A haphazard/randomly variable meal frequency, not necessarily a lower frequency, negatively impacts thermogenesis, blood lipids, and insulin sensitivity. § Within a day, a higher frequency has no thermodynamic advantage over a lower frequency under controlled conditions. § The majority of controlled intervention trials show no improvement in body composition with a higher meal frequency. Sigh. So much misinformation in this thread. The main person who champions that fructose interferes with satiety is a guy named Lustig. Here some real research is placed up against Lustig's claims: http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/01/29/the-bitter-truth-ab... and http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/02/19/a-retrospective-of-... From the article: "Hold on a second…Lustig is forgetting that most fructose in both the commercial and natural domain has an equal amount of glucose attached to it. You’d have to go out of your way to obtain fructose without the accompanying glucose. Sucrose is half fructose and half glucose. High-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) is nearly identical to sucrose in structure and function. Here’s the point I’m getting at: contrary to Lustig’s contentions, both of these compounds have substantial research showing not just their ability to elicit an insulin response, but also their suppressive effect on appetite [3-6]. But wait, there’s more. In studies directly comparing the effect of fructose and glucose preloads on subsequent food intake, one showed no difference [7], while the majority have shown the fructose preload resulting in lesser food intake than the glucose preload [8-10]. A recent review of the literature on fructose’s effect on satiety found no compelling case for the idea that fructose is less satiating than glucose, or that HFCS is less satiating than sucrose [11]. So much for Lustig’s repeated assertion that fructose and fructose-containing sugars increase subsequent food intake. I suppose it’s easier to sensationalize claims based on rodent data." Insulin is not evil. Studies have shown that proteins elicit the same insulin response. http://www.weightology.net/weightologyweekly/?page_id=319 Man, that sucks. I grew up and lived in Charleston for years before moving to the Denver area (I'm planning to move back next year...yes it's that nice there :)). Like you I also got screwed (though not as bad) by my potential co-founder. He flaked out after I moved here, but luckily I hadn't quit my job yet. There are not that many tech companies in Charleston. I'm curious who exactly were you working for. The situation sounds a bit shady and right up the alley of a couple of companies I know of there. I'm not sure if it's equivalent, but setting up the iPhone to treat your Gmail account as an Exchange Active Sync account gives the iPhone most of the cloud push features (Mail/Calendar/Contacts). I can add a contact on my iPhone that syncs OTA to Google that then syncs to my mac address book. Google voice texting and messages don't integrate perfectly yet, for example if I get a GV text on my iPhone and read it it doesn't show read in GV on the web (unless of course I use the GV app/html5 site to read it). Also contact groups do not sync from Google Contacts. 55-45 is pretty close to equal. His comment still stands that get it would be hard to find straight fructose. In addition, I'm not sure how 55-45 invalidates any of his argument, mainly that glucose is always around with the fructose. Really? I love solving problems, and I'm lucky enough to get paid to solve problems for other people. Often times the solution requires software, sometimes it doesn't. The thing is, if I was able to quit working today I would still look for problems to solve. Sure they may be different problems, but I would still be working even in retirement. I think you're going to see a lot of people work their entire lives because a) they really do enjoy it and b) as long as you have your brain you can keep doing knowledge work. It's not like any of us are digging coal out the ground to the point where our bodies break down. I never understood how anyone could believe the priced out forever argument. A friend tried to argue it to me, but could never explain if everyone is priced out then who is left to buy? It just never made any sense to me even at the high point of the bubble. I was successful at keeping 2 of my friends from making horrible financial decisions, but a third went ahead anyway. Now she's stuck owning a crappy apartment with an upward adjusting mortgage. I'm roughly your same age and have similar exposure to the internet, but have no problems reading a GOOD book or watching a GOOD long movie. Content used to be hard to find. Either you had to get a recommendation from someone for a book or watch whatever happened to be on TV. This led to a lot of mindless consuming of stuff that people simply did not enjoy, but it was all they had. The internet has made me (and many others) acutely aware of the back button. If you don't like the content you can move on since there is so much else out there to pick from. I now view books and movies the same way. If I don't like a movie I simply turn it off and pick another or go do something else. I do the same thing with books. If I'm not into it after 50 or so pages then I put it down and try something else. Why force myself through content that I don't enjoy? I take fish oil capsules now and don't care for the fish burps that can come later even when I take them in the middle of a meal as opposed to after. I couldn't imagine just downing a spoonful of the stuff :) And it shouldn't impede you as an adult. Everyone does stupid stuff as kids and a lot do even more stupid stuff while in college as young adults. I've never known a job to DQ people because of something they did at a young age that could be considered stupid kid stuff. Even government jobs don't care as long as you're up front about it. My company paid for my grad school and let me build my work schedule around classes and big assignments. This is what I thinking about #2. Given FBs currently available event setup and organization tools it would seem trivial for them to simply make it more prominent. I guess there are people not on FB, but are those people going to be on this new service? This is what I do, although it took some practice. Not only did I like trying to optimize something like a flight, but I was also competitive about it for some reason. Now I usually check flight twice depending on how far out in the future the trip is going to be. One time to get a base price, and then depending on the trip (and how many flights I saw while checking the base price) I'll book the second time I check. Do I end up with the absolute best price? Probably not, but it also means that once booked I don't have to think about it again. I thought this sort of thing was common knowledge? Searching and sorting a certain number of items under a threshold is fastest through brute force. The problem is figuring out what that threshold might be and then have the sorting and searching programs make use of it. I remember this topic being discussed back in undergrad. I have been wondering if others were noticing what the OP is saying. I noticed it on the last article about weight gain where I posted links to research and people whose job it is to understand and comment on that research showing that insulin is not some magic weight gainer or the boogey man. I simply got down voted, I'm guessing because the research conflicted their view regardless if they were based in fact or not. I still like HN and just understand that every group at some point solidifies its own social mores. >Seriously? You want to get into real estate in the middle of the biggest depression we have ever seen? When property values are still way over-inflated? Depends. In general when everyone is panic selling you want to be buying. Obviously you never want to be buying crap (bad stocks, bad property, bad anything), but the panic times open up great opportunities for those with cooler heads. Looking specifically at property many people still need places to live, but again it comes down to good versus bad. Should I invest in an apartment complex out in the middle of the desert, probably not. If I find a good deal on a complex in a city near a college, now we're talking. Rates are currently low and a lot of people are being forced into selling which makes many prices low. You can also look at the financials of a rental property and value it much easier than say a residential house. Examining a rental property is much closer to examining a business than pricing residential. Now, the above ignores the work that goes into owning rental properties. Depending on the income level your property targets you may end up spending a full day in court every month throwing people out. Does the owner of the property have the stones to throw out a mother and her kids because they don't pay? Then you have repairs and other complaints. You can get a company to handle most of this, but that does cut into your profit. A better comparison might be to compare countries in the EU to states in the US. Some states use the lottery to provide tuition to any in-state student going to a state school. I'm as free market as they come, but when companies are using a limited public resource (the spectrum) they need to be regulated. The limited spectrum provides a nearly impassable barrier to entry for newcomers and thus competition can't effectively regulate the market. Every country is different. In Tokyo I was through customs so fast I wasn't sure I was through. Last time I entered Jamaica I was shaken down. After going back and forth for a few minutes I realized it was a shake down and simply asked him "how much?" $50 later and I was on my way. To make a long story short I had brought a few gifts for friends who were meeting me there and the customs agent claimed I was bringing items into the country to sell. Um yeah, I'm selling 4 towels? In and out of Costa Rica was interesting. When I went I only took a backpack and surfboards. They didn't say much entering the country and only checked out the surfboard bag. Leaving the country they searched everything multiple times prior to leaving (once at security then again plane side). They were all very polite though. Admittedly I don't do a lot of international travel but I've never had any problems entering the US have always answered the 1-2 questions with yes/no and "I'm glad to be back." The problem with illegal prostitution and drugs for that matter is that since they are illegal a lot of other illegal activities come along with it. In the case of prostitution you have kidnapping, violence, and forcing people into underage sex (and from what I've read most prostitutes start very very early by being forced into it). If the girl is already doing something illegal and gets beat by her pimp what is she going to do? Pimps prey on this thought that there is nothing she can do. Drugs are similar in that by making them illegal you bring in gangs, guns, and even move violence. If someones pot dealer screws them over what is their only recourse? Violence. You also have the violence of territory to sell on, etc... IMHO, the illegality of things like drugs and prostitution actually causes the social effects to be worse then if they were legal. I completely agree. Not only that, but users will typically deal with lots of software annoyances, but one thing they simply will not tolerate is late or lost email. And I have experienced the exact opposite when entering US. The agents have always been friendly and courteous. I wonder if it has to do with what airport you enter the country from. All of my international flights end up going through ATL. "I am not a fan of the iPhone because of its dependency on iTunes. iTunes is an overweight bloated piece of junk and I won't go back to Windows just to run it." You do know they will activate for you in the store and then only time you ever have to use iTunes again is when an update comes out? Now, this means your phone will not get backed up, but if you set Google up as an Exchange server all your emails, contacts, and calendar items are stored on the cloud anyway. On linux you have http://www.libimobiledevice.org/ which worked until the most recent update to iOS4. I'm going to assume they'll get it working again shortly. Doubletwist also syncs music on the iPhone. Then you can always download music directly onto the phone or use any of the streaming apps. Actually you bring up a good point where it's much better for the consumer because mobiles are so hard to upgrade. Joe consumer can buy the cheap laptop today and then pay an upgrade fee later to simply bump the processor up without having to buy a whole new machine. Sounds like a good deal for him. A coffee shop isn't a sit down restaurant so $/table/hour isn't a very good metric. A friend of mine owns a coffee shop and he's told me that most of his business is walk in and outs. He doesn't mind if people buy a single drink and hang out for a few hours (IIRC he said 1 drink/2 hours and he comes out ahead). He even has one room that groups can 'reserve' for an hour or two if they want to meet in a more private setting. Keep in mind this is a very local shop with great coffee, and he runs it with 2 other employees. His biggest complaint/cost/profit issue is the price of milk and how much is used in a latte. This is one of my big complaints about the app store too. I've had one user get a refund on my app, but Apple wouldn't tell me why or give me any way to understand what happened. All I got from Apple was the boilerplate, make sure you app doesn't crash etc... One thing Apple could do to make the app store a much better experience for developers is to set up some type of communication exchange between the developers and users. They could still keep it anonymous, but when Apple issues an update that breaks my app and then takes over 10 days to approve my 1 line of code fix I'd like to let my users know that it's out of my hands. I have also tried adding my direct email in the app and have never received an email from a user. Admittedly, I have a lot less users than you do though. You mean putting a dollar number on a human life? This is done everyday by actuaries primarily for insurance purposes. "Why fly to the moon when you can simply stay here on Earth and watch someone else do it on TV? Why run a marathon when you could drive instead? Why read a programming book when there's a perfectly good movie sitting in your DVD player?" I get asked these sorts of questions about a lot of things I do, and honestly I often don't have a good answer. Why do I keep trying to start a business? Why do I climb mountains? Why do I go to the gym? The best I've come up with is to prove to myself that I can because it's certainly not fun all the time. In fact it's often quite painful, but once you've tasted the elation of success it's like a drug and keeps pulling you back in. It's also the wrong way to go about because once you end up on the friends ladder it's almost impossible to cross the abyss. ;) http://www.laddertheory.com/ladderconstruction.htm Things are finally changing but slowly: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/16/nyregion/16rubber.html "Under the agreement, teachers the city is trying to fire will no longer be sent to the rubber rooms, known as reassignment centers, where the teachers show up every school day, sometimes for years , doing no work and drawing full salaries. Instead, these teachers will be assigned to administrative work or nonclassroom duties in their schools while their cases are pending." Your long term vision is a good one and one that I have often thought about. Traditional schooling fails many of the practical and soft skills that are so crucial for today. Parents should be teaching these (that's where I learned them), but it doesn't seem to be happening as often as it should. Outside mentors can also help, groups like Big Brothers/Big Sisters as well as coaches, etc... would fall into this category. Well they don't seem to be doing a good job since discipline seems to be the most lacking quality in todays youth. That logical fallacy always bothers me especially in cases where experience and inside knowledge are crucial to forming an opinion. The people listed above all have experience, knowledge and are more qualified to value companies than many other people. Of course it doesn't make their opinions absolutely correct, but it does lend some legitimacy to the FB valuation argument. Life expectancies != a countries medical care performance. For example, no amount of medical care can overcome the US obesity problem. I responded to someone who attempted to show the quality of medical care in a country by looking at the countries life expectancy. The problem I pointed out is that many factors play into life expectancy with medical care being one of the many[1]. From what I have read obesity leads to many early deaths and people who are obese have a much higher rate of disease. The US is one of the more obese countries and is far more obese than Japan. The difference in life expectancy could be attributed to the poor general health of the citizens and not to any difference in medical care. In fact, with how poor Americans seems to treat their bodies it's amazing that many live as long as they do. Perhaps it's through access to much better medical care than available in other countries? [1]Other life expectancy lowering factors that have little to do with the quality of medical care include murders. For example wikipedia states and [Japan] experienced 1.1 murder per 100,000 population, compared with 3.9 for West Germany, 1.03 for England and Wales, and 8.7 for the United States that same year . I use a method similar to yours with a personal wiki and the free Evernote. I get lots of ideas while in the car or in bed and it's easy to jot it quickly down in Evernote and then transfer it to my wiki later. I think your view is spot on. This was large companies engaging in collusion to artificially hold down wages in the labor market. The article mentions that employees should know their worth, but doesn't mention how? The only way to know is to either actively seek a new job and get offers or be approached through cold calling. This ruling clearly helps the employee. The second option, and the one the gov. appears to be attempting, is to keep home prices steady and eventually let inflation catch up. This stinks for people who want to buy because they have to wait, but looks good for the gov. in charge. I'm with you and think they should just let prices fall. I can't find the video right now, but at one point President Bush was asked why he wasn't doing anything to prop up home prices. He responded that it's giving people who were priced out the opportunity to buy so he didn't see the need to do anything. His statement was early on in the recession and eventually he was pressed to do something though. I mostly fly Delta and Frontier and telling jokes is a common occurrence on both. Are there airlines where this is forbidden? If you talk to people in the real estate biz (I too have been looking for a house), you'll find that banks have about twice as many properties sitting empty as they do out in the market, and they are trickling them out because if they put them all on the market at once prices would crater (which would incidentally trigger another wave of repossessions). That right there should tell you that prices are still artificially high. In this case banks are controlling the market to hold them up. By the way, putting them all on the market would not necessarily lead to another wave of foreclosures. If it's the government propping up house prices, kidly explain why prices are stable when there are ~300,000 homes in various stages of foreclosure: Foreclosures are primarily driven by the owners ability to make their mortgage payment. Current house prices have little to do with that ability. A lower price could prevent the owner from being able to sell, but that assumes there would have been buyers at the higher price. Seriously, what information are you basing these conclusions on? Prices have come down, but the government has done it's best to hold interest rates artificially low so that people could refi and possibly get out of the idiotic loans they took on. These low rates have also helped those with money buy houses at the still over priced prices thus propping them up. There are also government sponsored loan modifications that help to keep people in homes that they can't afford. House prices are 'sticky' on the way down by nature, but the government has helped make them stickier through all the help they have been giving. Historically house prices have been set by the average income of a given area (and in general prices raised along with inflation like salaries)[1]. This is because people buy a house based on the monthly payment that they can afford. Low interest rates lead to higher priced homes and and vice versa (as an aside the best time to buy a house would be when irates are sky high and likely to fall because the absolute price of the house would have to be lower for anyone to afford it), but what stays roughly the same is the payment. What happened during the bubble is that money was so cheap that house prices ran way out in front of most peoples ability to afford a house without taking on a crazy loan. Even in areas where prices have fallen, if you compare prices to average income you'll see that many houses are still way beyond the average persons ability to afford them. In addition to the supply situation you mentioned, if you also add in that many people have been permanently put out of the market with banks now requiring down payments, better credit scores, and conventional loans the demand side of the equation has also fallen (and may never return to those levels). [1] Like most rules there are exceptions, in particular location. An area where many rich people buy second homes for vacation purposes may not reflect house price as a function of average salary for the area. Common sense will tell you if you're in one of those neighborhoods versus one where the people living there work nearby. I was going to say just this. I think voice calls in general are obsolete. Unless it's an emergency, email or text me and I'll look at it when I have time. Your story is my goal. I don't need cars or giant houses, I just want the freedom to solve interesting problems and the responsibility of making the business decisions. In Boulder, CO they have a few red light cameras and huge signs before each intersection warning drivers that they are there. It still didn't stop the idiot next to me from running the light. I saw the flash from the cameras as he went through. I guess the point is that you'll always have idiots even with some sort of active deterrent. States and cities are looking for anyway to increase revenue right now. Expect to see more shortening of yellow times and increased law enforcement where fines can be levied. I would love to have an HSA that is completely portable that I could drop some tax free money in each month and save up for when I need to get healthcare (like when I had ACL reconstruction). IMHO, the fact that Obamacare did not expand on HSAs shows affordability is less important than control. There is no single reason, but [edit] doctors salaries are not even a large part of the costs even though they do factor in. Much larger drivers are over use of insurance, and the cost of malpractice insurance for doctors. By overuse of insurance I mean people going to the doctor every time they have a cough and expecting it to be covered and having every routine visit covered. In comparison, I have insurance on my car, but I don't expect it to pay for oil changes. Many people in this country have their health insurance completely backwards. They are over covered for things they should be paying for out of pocket and severely under covered for what insurance should really be there for, a serious, expensive and long term medical issue. When you think about a simple doctors visit and then the paperwork and manpower involved to push it through insurance it's no wonder the costs are through the roof. Many doctors have recognized this and now offer nicely discounted rates for people who simply pay cash at the time of service. "It just sucks that consumers are getting caught in the middle." Yes and no. If the rumors are true, the original iPhone was offered to VZW and they wanted to do their standard load it with crapware, limit standard features and then charge the customer to get them later, etc... game. Apple refused and they ended up stalemating. That lead Apple to then Cingular (IIRC) who let Apple have all the control it wanted, and even gave them a cut of the subscription pie. VZW and others still put extra crap on phones [1], but at least it seems it's getting better. [1] http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2010/07/android-j... I've driven very nice cars, drank super expensive wine, and done other things that cost lots of money. They were fun for a short period of time, but were not lasting. Time is what I want. I want to be able to do what I want when I want to do it. If the waves are good I want to surf, if I find a cool OSS project I want to work on it. IMHO, that is where real pleasure comes from. All people who create things, whether it's a website or a screenplay, do it for the love of creating that thing. How do you know this? Is there some research to back this up or have you talked to everyone who creates things? Motivation (and conversely demotivation) comes from all sorts personal factors. "Love of creating" is just one of many factors that drive people to do what they do. Great job! You found a niche and ran with it. I'm not an iTunes hater since I use it all the time, but it does have it's issues. The primary issue is that it is SLOW. I have an i7 MBP that everything flies on except iTunes. Now, to be fair iTunes seems to work fine when just playing music. I have a decent library (30GBs +) that it handles okay. The problems arise when doing anything else with iTunes like podcasts, movies, updating apps, or anything having to do with ITMS. Apple has made iTunes the centerpiece of their entire ecosystem. One would think that they would have at least tried to optimize it while throwing everything and the kitchen sink in featurewise.