He was really looking forward to downloading the compiler. When I take friends climbing for the first time, I start them on top-roping. That way they get used to how climbing works, without the fear of falling or having to learn how to climb down. (Down-climbing, even with extra handles, can be difficult when you've used up all of your energy getting to the top.) And they get to enjoy coming back down as a sort of victory lap. After that, we go bouldering. There are plenty of intro and V1 problems they can do even on a first try, now that they've got a general introduction to the concepts. And I get to show off a few mid-grade problems to aspire to. (I'm only a V3-V4 climber myself.) I prefer to boulder myself, because I can do it without any coordination. But you need somebody there to help you on your first day, and top-roping has a lot of advantages for new climbers. UBI is not so attractive that most people will choose to do nothing with their lives. UBI is intended to keep people from starving, but it's not a very pleasant life, devoid of comforts and aspirations. Sure, there will be people who want that, but there will be many others who don't. The most important tool there is a good education, which is mandatory for even the children of the laziest and most shiftless. That's where they get exposed to the possibilities of what they could do, and be engaged by. They'll be presented with role models in the form of teachers, who do get up and do work every day, and live better lives because of it. Maybe they'll create nothing more than pointless forms of art. But even so, what would be wrong with that? Movies and video games are both pointless idleness, but they create genuine joy, and there were lots of mis-steps as people learned what forms of them would be worth doing. Similarly, a lot of the most advanced science seemed like navel-gazing until it turned into transistors and lasers and GPS. I don't mean to be blandly utopian. There are many ways UBI can fail, and we will probably do all of them in varying experiments. But neither would I be so dystopian about people doing nothing at all with their lives. People enjoy comforts and they enjoy having purpose. Between the way our existing technology creates more than enough food and shelter at little cost, and the desire of many people to improve their lot in ways that also continue to move society forward, I think we can afford to experiment with letting some people live lives of complete (but unenviable) idleness. Ah, but the question is, are you willing to stand up for that fact, at the total cost of the economy, as well as the individuals directly affected? There is a person with a literal veto who believes that the wall is a good thing, and who seems resistant to persuasion. How long are you willing to risk damaging the economy before you give in to that person? At this point, it's not really about just how bad or good an idea it is. (And, of course, I agree with you that it's a monumentally bad idea.) It's about perception: how much suffering you can stand (and stand to watch), and how much you're willing to risk being perceived as causing that suffering by failing to knuckle under. Also take into account the fact that this unpersuadable veto-holder seems to genuinely enjoy watching that suffering, and that his supporters appear to agree with him on that. In terms of the facts, the choices seem fairly obvious. But our choices are often made primarily not on the facts at hand, but the fact that people disagree despite that. Indeed. People have come to treat the news not as a dull obligation to be informed about the world so that they can make boring but important decisions, but as a form of entertainment. It's more akin to watching sports on TV, except that we actually have skin in the game and some affect on its outcome. You don't really need this news on a daily basis. News that actually affects you is rare; news that you can apply is rarer. You do get to make a decision every couple of years, and you do have some ability to affect things even between elections, but the vast majority of daily news consumption is more about getting to shout at the players on the TV rather than actually achieving anything. So I applaud your decision to opt out of it. You can get everything you need to know about the next election in a few hours, two Novembers from now. Unfortunately, in the meantime, a lot of people will be using the shouting-at-the-TV to reaffirm their preconceptions of their own righteousness and the villainy of their opponents, and their decisions will be based largely on exacerbating that. Does that really cover everything that goes into a good measure of their code? ;-) It seems premature to claim that it's "clear". It's only been a year. We're talking about the major providers, who can only be expected to move so fast, either to expand things or to fall apart. Neither the best nor the worst cases materialized. I'd say it's sufficient to leave the burden of proof on those who demanded the change, to at least defend the notion that great improvements are coming. At the very least a risk occurred without any payoff. But it seems to me that there is still plenty of time for both the risks and rewards to materialize. I suspect for most people, it's because a full marathon is at the very limit of their abilities, and a rare event. Most runners will run exactly one; even runners who keep at it will run only one per year. They'll need course support (including the enthusiasm of onlookers and other runners) just to be able to complete it. And they'll want to celebrate it and commemorate it with all the rigamarole that accompanies an organized race: the shirt, the medal, the banana. None of that's necessary, of course, but if you think of it as "150 dollars per year" invested in the sport, rather than "a really expensive day doing the same thing you have been doing", the fees don't seem like all that much. For me, those fees are motivation: I don't want to fail or look stupid at something I paid to do. Stupid, I know, but it's kind of a dumb event anyway. I'd be in overall better shape if I didn't run 26 miles in October and then take two weeks off to recover. And in many places, commuting is precisely the time when shared car-sharing would work best. It's more flexible than carpools, but a lot of people are headed from general-residential-areas to general-work-areas at generally-the-same-time (often with a little flexibility). I'm not a lawyer, but the answer may well be "no, this isn't already covered". Especially when courts like to construe things narrowly, and that anything not specifically mentioned in a law requires relief through the legislature rather than the judicial branch. There will surely be people who claim that this isn't covered by existing defamation laws, and I would not be so sure that a court wouldn't agree with them. Which are pretty much exactly what you think they are: more flexible, more comfortable. Without addressing or acknowledging any of the difficulties (a whole new set of distractions, lack of casual interactions with coworkers, narrower communication channels, pressure to never disconnect). In theory you don't get the course support, though I doubt anybody is ever going to say "No race number, no Gatorade for you!" I'd feel weird about it: they put a lot of effort into closing the roads, coordinating volunteers, getting the water ready, etc. But if I were broke I'd probably put that aside. Hang on, how does that work? If it's something either parent does because it's what they want, then it is indeed not servitude. But in 1973, it fell almost exclusively to the female parent, whether it was what she wanted or not. Many women may well have been happy with that arrangement, but practically no men would have "received positive utility". And either there's something unique about the Y chromosome that makes it impossible for them to enjoy that, or a lot of women weren't so much "happy" as "accepting". We should indeed embrace opportunities for more personal involvement in families -- for both parents. Generous leave is a big start on that. But "100% leave, as long as you're female" is not. The tl;dr on the headline: Penrose tiling -> quasicrystals -> nonstick cookware. But the risk of "we fucked Earth" to the point where it's harder to colonize than Mars is effectively nonexistent. You could set off every nuclear device at once and it would still be easier to live here than on Mars. Even a dinosaur-killing asteroid would still leave the planet easier to live on than Mars. (Many species did survive last time, even without technology.) Because you know something about UX. Good design is a cross-disciplinary activity, mixing the domain knowledge in users' heads with the design knowledge in the heads of developers/designers. This is hard to do well, with few hard-and-fast rules, but it often benefits from collaboration. There are often big a-ha! wins when you're watching a user and ask a question like "why did you do that that way?" or "what if I redesigned it like this?" Users often can't ask those questions because they're focused on doing their job rather than the meta-job of improving it. They often don't realize what's possible. That's no excuse for ignoring their suggestions, and unfortunately many users have been specifically discouraged from thinking how to improve their own experiences by developers who were lazy, incompetent, or merely bureaucracy-laden. But fostering a collaborative environment, where developers learn something about the domain and users learn something about how their tools are created, can lead to much better user experiences than either could do alone. I don't believe that's what it says. They talk about specific things that they don't act on, which are not in and of themselves harassment. That is to say, if somebody is harassing you, you need to have a better justification that it is indeed harassment than merely that it's "reverse racism". Similarly, they're saying that if somebody refuses to explain "cultural appropriation" again, that isn't in itself harassment. I'm perplexed as to why they even felt compelled to say that, since these aren't harassment. As far as I can tell, the point is to specifically call out techniques that are frequently used to harass people, badgering them to justify the same arguments repeatedly, or using frequent reports in the hopes of getting them removed. These are things that occur in a lot of online communities, taking advantage of the large numbers of people in the majority to shut down people who aren't. Moderation is an imperfect process, and they appear to be publicly acknowledging ways in which it fails. And that they will attempt to compensate for it, in ways which are easily misrepresented as "abuse" by people in the best position to benefit from a nominally "fair" process. It's clear that it's not a declaration that marginalized people can engage in harassment. She's not herself a high-powered scientist or philosopher, but she does spend a lot of time around them. For some time her co-host on her podcast was Massimo Pigliucci, a philosophy professor of some moderate note, and whose PhD is in biology. A great many genuine scientists and philosophers are guests. That association does not in itself, of course, give her any accreditation, but she's widely regarded as somebody who takes the philosophy of science seriously, including by organizations like the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (formerly CSICOP). Having heard her speak many times on her podcast, I'd say she's not the greatest interviewer or the most insightful thinker. But she is more than competent in the domain. "A historian with an eyewitness account knows what happened. A historian with two is never sure." I'm not convinced that "originalism and textualism" is the same thing as "little innovation". The claims of originalists to divine the meaning of the text, and how that meaning applies to new objects and social structures that did not exist at the time, often strike me as remarkably innovative -- in a sense they would find pejorative. The "conservative" judges votes align extremely well with each other and with the wishes of the political party that nominated them -- which is itself frequently not "conservative" in the sense of "conserving" something. In both cases, the claim to "conservatism" strikes me as having a lot more to do with group identity than any consistent ideology or approach. The distinction between "database schema" and "data type" is the same impedance mismatch problem we've had for decades. You end up making an arbitrary transformation somewhere between your operational code and the persistence layer, at which time you have two different formats to represent your data. Any time you represent something twice, at least one of them is wrong, sooner or later. The "schema" is the persistence-layer discussion of the contracts that programmers use to keep separate parts of the program consistent (even when they're divided up among developers, or with yourself over time). The persistence layer may use that information to provide additional services that it can't provide on a blob, like indexing. It's "natural" to do that for performance reasons: you want to lay stuff out on the disk, and limit network traffic. But in terms of code maintenance, that's optimization, and the root of all evil. Few programming environments really take seriously the idea of eliminating that distinction. What I want is a language that pushes up notions like transactions and persistence right into the language itself, and let the compiler/VM take care of whether a piece of data is persistent or not. Ideally, I'd love a programming environment that could just be shut off at any moment and restore itself transparently, including unwinding that had become out of date. I gather that Inferno took that approach, but I haven't had a chance to use it. The relevant bit of that is that it would eliminate the arbitrary distinction between "database schema" and the rest of your program. You'd use the same data specification for both, without a translator (or rather, with the translator completely hidden in the operating environment). I think that there's a typo, and it meant to say "not that this has been proven..." Still not a documented assertion, but it's kind of a negative statement that's hard to prove one way or the other. It's believable that we've simply become hedonically accustomed to gadgets that made us happy to get, and would be unhappy to lose, without actually contributing to an overall increase in happiness -- but that's hard to quantify. I'm sure people have tried, and such attempts should be cited, but it doesn't seem unlikely. Same as with variable scope in the language. Every variable is persistent until deleted or released. Such a language would need to manifest transactions (or some other behavior for consistency), but much of it would be handled with existing language concepts. As with previous discussions about file sharing, although data is replicable, the people who own it will go through some hoops to prevent replication. Many felt that meant that the data ought to be free, and it was widely pointed out that they likely didn't feel that way about data they owned. Some of the same artificial-scarcity tools are applied: when Facebook sells its data, the use of that data is limited by contract, which includes not selling it on or giving it away. Running a nonprofit, the expression that most gets my hackles up is "What you ought to do is..." I'm not lacking for things to do. I'm lacking for hours in the day to do them. I've never understood how those small parties persist. Either they're aligned permanently with one of the two dominant parties, where they can be given positions of trust and power, or they flop around (in which case nobody can make long-term deals with them). They strike me as the "ideas guys" of politics, carping about the way things are done without the risk of having to actually implement their own goals. I think the category of "people who want to spend a lot of time planning their wedding" is a large enough category to merit a name. Perhaps not as broad a name as "the wedding industry", since as you show it's quite easy to disrupt that. But a lot of people do sign up for these web sites. I don't think it's too hard to understand why. A lot of it is cultural inertia, some of it rather sexist. There's a strong notion that this is "her day", as if the rest of her life is going to be "somebody else's day". But even if she does escape the worst of the indoctrination, there are a lot of people who want to plan a once-in-a-lifetime party for a once-in-a-lifetime (hopefully) event. The dream about that is on par with dreaming about what you'll do with your lottery tickets, or planning your next vacation, enjoyable on its own merits even aside from the event itself. Not everybody will buy into that; clearly you didn't. But I don't think it's unreasonable that other people do. It's just another form of entertainment. The immediate alternative is to accept that life is not a meritocracy, and ceasing to act as if it were. In particular, it means not using fairness as a justification for policies that might be fair in a pure meritocracy, but not in the real world. "Fairness" sounds compelling, but when applied an unfair system, it can end up magnifying injustices. It might be a good thing to push towards the "pure meritocracy" you mention, though the article does offer arguments that it's not possible. If it's not possible, then some things that push towards it potentially make the problem worse. One of the virtues of pure meritocracy is that it is simple, and if a system accepts an impure meritocracy while rejecting complications based on that virtue, then it will fail to achieve what you want a pure meritocracy to do and enshrine the evils of an impure one. Even if it is possible, it won't happen immediately, and you will have to deal with that. Don't be surprised if people reject it when you say "Oh, I'm working towards a pure meritocracy, in a way that just happens to benefit me first, and I promise that as soon as I've got that I'll be sure to make it a pure meritocracy for you, too." Essentially, I'm saying that if you want pure meritocracy as your alternative, you need to offer some evidence that there's a practical way to get there from here. And all the way there, not just a few things in that direction, unless you can show that they really do benefit everybody (or at least that most people would agree is a better state, not just some, and especially not when those "some" are those who are already better off). These are wonderful primary source documentation of the day-to-day mundanities of life, and I believe that's more important to history than solving the Big Mysteries of Great Men (and Women). Sadly, they're not in her handwriting, aside from her signature. But stuff like "salt production, the selling of meat and the building of a bulwark at Leith" tells us a lot about the details of 16th-century life in Scotland. Of all the people who might make that claim, News Corp is the one who I am least interested in. Not solely because they're like a second-place runner looking for excuses to call foul on the one in first place, but because they mix politics and propaganda in both the US and Australia (among others). I can practically guarantee that News Corp's first action on diminishing Google's hold over media would be a ConservaSearch. It's not that they're necessarily wrong about Google's power, but that their motives for it are at least as evil. Except that that's perilously close to telling a patient that we don't completely understand the mechanism of action for this medication, so they're just going to have to die. Government, like medicine, means making decisions based on insufficient information. More and better information should be preferred, but it's important to recall that doing nothing is also a decision. Its being a default decision does not make it exempt it from the possibility of doing more harm than good. We want to make the best decision possible, but that needs to take into account that any multi-dimensional problem is easily diverted into taking no action even when there is widespread belief in favor of some action. "Belief" is one of the ways we cope with the absence of information: we just ask people and do what the majority wants. So it's very easy to take a complex problem and present multiple competing solutions, any of which would be preferred by a majority but no one of which will be the single best choice for more than half. Sorry that that went into an abstraction, and you probably know all that. It just raises a red flag for me when somebody says "It's complicated" but means "Well, not doing anything just happens to suit me, so I can continue to declare that it's complicated indefinitely, because it is." One possibility is to take a Lyft to the train station and then an Uber to your office. Which is slightly easier if you've automated the cars so that you don't have to load-balance the wetware part of it, but it's not entirely necessary. Getting more people into the city is also helpful, but that's a lot of change. A lot of people have become adapted to the pace of suburb life, including me. Getting me into the city is less about cost than about the stress of having so many people around all the time. A lot of people want that, but a lot of people will want to live in the big empty green space, and would pay the costs -- including externalities, if we were to price them in. Improving city mass transit is good, but ultimately I think we'll also have to cope with a lot of people who just want to disperse at the end of the day. The semantics of negation is like security: there's an urge to ignore it at the beginning because it's not the use case you have in mind, but it turns out that it's absolutely fundamental to everything. You have to build it in from the beginning; you can't layer it on afterwards. Different negation semantics put you in different computability classes. And there's a tension: you want more powerful semantics, but they take longer to run. Full first-order logic is great, but it's also exponential time to evaluate. (Also, the semantics of negation for FOL are easy to explain but not actually very similar to what you expect negation to mean in real life, leading to unexpected semantics.) Not everything is perfect here in Laurel, either. The track grounds are in disrepair, and there is a brewing scandal over housing conditions for workers. I'm not sure that even the weak case is true: while it could be that language colors thought, it could as easily be the reverse. We may pick our languages to reflect the thoughts we have. Those thoughts are heavily influenced by culture, and language is a strong tool for communicating culture, but it's not the only one. Apes communicate culture by watching rather than speaking, and my cat learns that she's not supposed to go on the table even though she doesn't understand when I tell her. So while language and thought patterns may be correlated, the arrow of causation isn't necessarily one way. Experiments that show people thinking in certain grooves divided by language, but concluding that the latter causes the former may be putting the cart before the horse. I haven't been able to compare the Impossible Burger. I had a Beyond Burger, and it was very good. If somebody were to hand it to a meat eater at a cookout, without calling attention to it, they'd eat it without noticing the switch. Pile on a few toppings (which people usually do because of the flavorless nature of most fast-food and grocery-store beef), and most people would be hard pressed to tell the difference in a blind tasting. It's pretty clear that it's not beef if you're looking for it, but not nearly as distinct as your standard veggie burgers. Most vegans, though, aren't especially craving meat simulacra. I think of them more as transitional for meat eaters rather than as targeting vegans. Beyond Meat products are at a lot of stores, including Safeway and Target. In mine they're located over by the fresh meat. The web site has a locator: https://www.beyondmeat.com/where-to-find/ It does a remarkably good job of giving the texture of a mediocre burger. Not a great burger by any means, but it might fill a niche that you don't get from the Morningstar-type burgers. The "why" is "they're not social animals and we didn't breed them for sociability". Many friendlier cats do respond to their names, at least some of the time. Cats aren't completely asocial: feral cats form associations. It's just less pronounced than with dogs. The article doesn't really get into why the cats ignore you, though I figure it's mostly "because they can". LeMaitre wasn't imposing his superstitions on science. He's not insisting that Genesis is somehow a simplified account of the Big Bang. That kind of "scientific creationism" is mostly for American Evangelicals trying to justify their biblical absolutism. LeMaitre is a Catholic priest, and despite their anti-science reputation from the late Medieval era, the Catholic Church is quote pro-science. They've accepted both evolution and the Big Bang for a very long time. They treat Genesis as a myth, a spiritually informative story that is not literally true. They do believe in genuine miracles, but they downplay them substantially (though they're still quite popular with many individual Catholics). But the official teaching is that human beings evolved in a universe that began 14 billion years ago. There were many miracles in it, including the ensoulment of human beings which makes them categorically different from nonhuman animals, but that soul is metaphysical and immune to experiment -- and therefore doesn't conflict with science. Catholic faith isn't faith in the world, but faith in the soul of humanity and the promise of an afterlife. That faith is unscientific while being compatible with science. There are many reasons to criticize the Catholic church, but it's not guilty of imposing superstition on science. (Even the Medieval crimes against science are more complicated than the common story is told.) Christianity as a whole seems very anti-science from an American perspective, and that taints our perception of religion as a whole since it's our dominant religious force, but it's not absolutely impossible for somebody to be religiously faithful and a genuinely skeptical scientist. Like you, I apply Occam's Razor, and tend to dismiss "faith" in that sense as an unneeded hypothesis. Catholicism is all about a "salvation" you and I feel no need of. Especially since, as I said, the Catholic Church has been guilty of so many recent crimes, and does not seem like a force for moral good. But I do think it's important to understand that there are people whose faith doesn't have to conflict with either science or ethics, and LeMaitre is one example. That's why the quote is there up front: "If spending $5 a day on fancy coffee puts your retirement at risk, you’ve got bigger problems." If you don't have a safety net, then indeed that $5 adds up. But if that $5 is critical to your safety net, then you're still not saving for retirement; you're saving up for the inevitable crises. This was originally in Bloomberg, and what's really going on there is an implicit critique of everything Bloomberg stands for. Bloomberg's target market does not include that significant minority for whom $5 a day is a big deal. Bloomberg tends to advocate policies that make life easier for its target market, and if it acknowledges that significant minority at all, it's with a tacit assumption that those policies will somehow trickle down money on them. The lesson is really "You have plenty of money. Spend it, and while you're at it, think about what we can do for those for whom $5 a day is a big deal." He's challenging the assumption that everybody is so poor that we need to scrimp every dollar and maximize our retirement funds. Maybe we should be more generous, starting with ourselves, including enjoying a latte now rather than decades from now. I caught an interview with Gilliam on the Big Think podcast, on which he was charming. He speaks very highly of Jonathan Pryce in the lead, but I'm even more interested in seeing Adam Driver. I haven't really enjoyed Driver's work in the past, not because he's bad at his job but because he's typecast as the broody annoying guy. To hear Gilliam describe it, he seems to start that way, but then gets to exercise comic chops that I haven't seen him hit before. I'd love to think Driver has more range than I've seen so far. You probably saw some of Lost in La Mancha , a documentary about the disaster that project was. This is a revival of that project. They resuscitated the script and completely re-cast it (since, among other things, original lead Jean Rochefort passed away more than a year ago). That's... disappointing. It seems awfully tone deaf for him to lament how easy it is to offend people, while himself being easily offended. It's hard for me not to read the headline as "I really liked it when I was in a position to hurt other people and they weren't in a position to hurt me back." "I’m tired of being, as a white male, blamed for everything that’s wrong in the world," he says. But he's missing that white men have been running the world, and running it in a way that favored other white men. Or rather, dis-favored everybody who wasn't a white man. That didn't give him success, but it did mean that success was a possibility that it wouldn't have been for many others. So Terry, just shake it off, right? You got blamed for stuff you didn't do. We'll all just have a good laugh about it, ok? The title is terrible, but the story is interesting. Germany was using ground-based radio waves to guide aircraft, possibly including unmanned ones. It was clever, but easily jammed, especially since England had a BBC tower readily converted to a jamming system. One wonders if they would have discovered frequency-hopping spread-spectrum, famously co-created by actress Hedy Lamarr, but her patent in 1941 was after the Germans abandoned their project. I suspect that the distances were too great for it to work well (they were trying to guide planes to specific target from transmitters in Germany and France, hundreds of miles away). That is definitely a lot clearer. I'm dubious that it's a viable product, but it's at least coherent. This story eloquently captures what it is that people who like baseball really like about baseball. It's a game of small elements and subtle differences. It's not a game of force against force or jamming a ball into the place it needs to go. It's about secrecy and expectation, experience and intuition and how to subvert them. I'm not really a baseball fan myself. The things that fans love seem to require intimacy; it's not something I could acquire with casual acquaintance. But I think the story presents a compelling case why that acquaintance could be worth developing. Much less clickbaity, thank you. It's a really good article. Most of this seems like a perpetual problem for UX designers. Feature creep doesn't (usually) happen in a vacuum. Each feature exists because somebody somewhere wanted it. OK, sometimes it happens because a mucky-muck wanted to roll out a new product release, for income or attention, but that's not GMail's line, since they make their income from ads rather than sales. I honestly can't tell you whether the decluttering here is better or worse for the average user. It's the kind of thing that's hard to measure, and the aesthetic judgment is subjective. I can say that desaturating some of the widgets looks nice: I myself have to constantly fight with my team who wants to draw attention to their new feature by giving it a color pop. But I myself don't feel that GMail's UX is so radically broken that it's worth the effort of installing a browser-specific extension, thus binding me to that browser and requiring me to re-install on every device. As somebody who just bought an almost-assuredly overpriced cellphone (Pixel 3), I can say that in my case it's because -- despite being a professional software developer -- I can't tell which $200 phone would actually serve my purpose. While I know that laptop and desktop systems have reached the point where pretty much anything will serve -- my laptop is over five years old and works for what I need -- I haven't found that phones have topped out yet. There is a massive array of features, including durability and battery life, where there is at least some potential to get more by paying more, and where I might actually use that. I could possibly learn more by reading reviews and trying to read in between the lines, but as somebody who tries to upgrade rarely, I was content to pay more and hope that I'm actually getting what I need. And then try not to do it again for several years. I fully admit to ignorance -- and that's your answer. I don't work with many cell phones; mostly, just mine. So you might well be able to recommend me an acceptable $200 substitute. But I bet somebody here would disagree, and I wouldn't know who to believe. That's my experience. I can't tell you if it generalizes. (I can say that I waited until I got it for half price, which removes some of the sting.) With 2019 a third over, it would have to be ramp up pretty sharply to be a "big trend". Maybe it'll be a big tend in announcements , followed by a big tend in actual purchases for 2020 rather than 2019. Nor does it help the obese people, of whom we have an increasing number. The causes of obesity are complicated, but at least some of it is due to poor-quality food. We grow a lot of food, but a lot of the same thing: starch (maize, potatoes, wheat) and meat (beef, chicken, pork). Those were great when the problem was to few calories, but that stopped being the case a long time ago. We still eat as if we were starving. It would be great if it were easier to encourage farmers to grow a variety of non-starchy vegetables -- including having quick-service restaurants that would serve them. That would take a pretty substantial reconfiguration of the American diet, but it would be better for us. Note that she does not intend it approvingly. She's using "fantastic" to mean "of fantasy", as in, "not grounded in reality". Despite her claims to the contrary, I do find her tone "obnoxious". Their fault was not in their interpretation, but in asking the author to confirm it. A great story will "go on expanding for the reader the more he thinks about it", but I find it self-important for a writer to declare that their piece achieves that lofty goal. I agree with her assertion that their interpretation is dull and simple, but if that's where they've settled, it's as valid as any other. I feel like she's said, "No, I've written a great work of art, and if you've reached a boring conclusion from it, that's your fault." I find it dismissive of her to say in two sentences that there's "no lessening of reality" but simultaneously "not meant to be realistic": that's a cheap way to excuse vagueness. It's not that difficult for a work to be open to multiple interpretations the longer you look. You can achieve that with ink blots. So if they find merit in the work, they should keep reading to appreciate that merit more fully rather than ask an author to affirm their decryption. But I feel like she hasn't engaged well with the work they have put in: she's dismissed it entirely and missed an avenue they have a right to explore. Unless you're using TOR or another anonymizer, which eats a lot of the clues that the bot detector uses. if you aren't trained enough to read the study, don't post an article about it The problem, as I see it, isn't just that the journalists can't read it, but that their audience don't care about it. The journalists are supposed to serve as intermediaries between the two, but frequently, proper journalism on the story would fail to excite the reader. The vast majority of science is important to other scientists, but science that actually matters even to scientifically-interested readers is not that large. The readers want more content that interests them, and science fails to provide it. No journalist could bridge the gap between the dull progress of science and the reader's real interest level. The market for "mind-blowing" science -- sweeping technological and philosophical advances -- is far greater than the market for incremental improvements and novel but minor insights. The niche does exist. I find it filled fairly well by Science News, which has about a dozen pages of real science news every two weeks. I only just got an issue about the black hole photo, which was fine with me: real discoveries are still true and important two weeks later. But most readers would find every other article in that issue terminally dull. I don't know how to fix that other than to ignore any science "journalism" that comes out more frequently than that. It exists, and I ignore it. It doesn't contribute anything: it's peddling effectively-fictional stories to readers who want sci-fi. I think that the finest science writing promoted well might attract marginally more eyeballs than it currently gets, but most readers simply don't actually care about science, and it's not something journalists can fix. The article seems to focus heavily on China and Russia, which makes for kind of an odd notion of exactly who the "you" is in the title. Most of their readership is not in those two countries. (It also seems to have an extremely America-centric view of the state of the Internet in those two countries, which does not strike me as especially well informed. Its view of China's "social credit" system reflects Fox News version of it and has little to do with reality.) The main argument it makes that actually affects its readers is that the social media giants are cracking down on what they consider antisocial behavior. It doesn't seem possible to me to make you "less free" by banning you from doing something that was impossible before the Internet. Alex Jones may not be able to post to YouTube any more, but he's no less free than he was in 2005. It's vacuously true that Facebook and YouTube are less "free" than they were before they began the crackdown; it needs no article to tell you that. But the Internet is still "free": Jones is welcome to support his own infrastructure. As far as I can tell, this is little more than yet another person demanding access to other people's resources. Which strikes me as inconsistent with its obvious conservative, libertarian leanings. Methane converts to CO2 on its own. That's why it receives less attention than carbon dioxide, even though it absorbs more infrared energy. The CO2 lasts effectively forever, and is more important for the long term change in the climate. It would be less-bad for the climate overall if we didn't get the extra temporary energy bump from methane, and it were "only" carbon dioxide directly. But no, there's no way to do that efficiently. The methane stores are spread over many thousands of square miles. It's just to diffuse to operate on directly. Though not TV and the telephone. The interviewee isn't really blaming the Internet, but rather many of the trappings of modernity. The Internet and the smartphone may exacerbate it, but the overall thesis is that we've spent about a century becoming more and more connected, and more and more continually entertained. I'm not entirely sure I buy the notion: Shakespeare describes characters who troll for entertainment(Don John, Iago), and Jane Austen's characters often grapple with boredom. Our expectations do seem to ratchet up with our technological ability to fulfill them, but I feel like it's more of a hedonic treadmill. Boredom and loneliness may be, on some scale, roughly constant. I do believe that social media has allowed us to ratchet up the effects of the "angry" and "stupid" part, possibly to unmanageable levels. force manufactures to build cars with performance characteristics nobody wants Well... performance characteristics that everybody wants -- for everybody else. They themselves want warp drive, but prefer everybody else help hold down the price of gasoline and the carbon content of the atmosphere. Or at least some indication that this article is somehow different from every other article about clickbait. Though I'll admit, having read it, that I'm unclear on just what that is. All of the lawyers I've spoken to (liberal, conservative, and other) seem to feel that it's a necessary evil to avoid exposing every public official to constant harassment on every decision. That is, it's not perfect, and bad things do happen, but rarely, and the alternatives to fix those rare cases are worse. I'm not entirely sure I buy that. It does sound an awful lot like collective ass-covering. But I do try to take into account that prominent, widely-noted failures do not necessarily invalidate a system that functions reasonably well most days. "Why are we, the users, not allowed to have access to the fruits of the labor that we are forced to provide for free?" Well... you are being given access to a resource, aren't you? I mean, you're being shown the reCAPTCHA because you asked for something. You could have paid for it by letting them track you, but you decided it wasn't worth that. So the backup price is doing some work for them. But you're not doing it for free. You're doing it because you want whatever it is that's being guarded by the reCAPTCHA in the first place. Maybe that price is too high for you, but you were the one coming in with a request in the first place. You do the thing and you get "paid" immediately. I can think of one upside: it does make your keys more distinct. I can tell at a glance that /pets/12345 is a different category of entity from /people/98765. That could aid in debugging. It's a bit like a type system. And of course since it is a type system, it now means you've got yet another type system to deal with in your universe. One with unknown and inconsistent semantics, and no natural support built in. Conceivably those semantics could be added and software built to support it, but rolling your own is going go yield a lot of effort with much less benefit. That's kinda the problem with any domain-specific language: it either requires a full language for support, or it becomes one (and generally not a very good one). Every language is an opinion about what things should be easy and what things are allowed to be hard. I've got nothing against DSLs and template languages and such, but most of the ones I encounter make me sigh and say, "I know you thought it would be easier but it's just one more thing I have to figure out how to debug, without any of my usual debugging tools." I wonder why they do that. It seems to me like it would be more effort to leave the Google Docs files out of their calculation, and with no real benefit. For conventional use of Google Docs it would be hard to use a significant amount of disk space, so it's not like users would be clamoring for additional space. Perhaps it's just marketing, trying to prize people away from Microsoft Office with a thing that doesn't actually cost them all that much? And indeed, it was discussed on Hacker News at least once before: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19491517 Wikipedia defines a "natural monopoly" as "a monopoly in an industry in which high infrastructural costs and other barriers to entry relative to the size of the market give the largest supplier in an industry, often the first supplier in a market, an overwhelming advantage over potential competitors." That's the case for Facebook. The barrier to entry isn't the cost of the machines or software, but the Network Effect: if your friends aren't on the new network there's little reason for you to go there. Once large network is more effective than many small ones. Facebook could give up that natural monopoly, if they chose to, but they won't unless forced. Isn't that exactly what you get to do with contractors? One of your criteria in picking a contractor is showing up. Kind of a problem, I'm told, with housing contractors. And as with housing contractors, the best way to get them to show up is to offer more money than their other offers. Perhaps true in general, but I had no trouble talking to a real person when I recently had a problem with Google Fi. They didn't even make me hold; they took my number and called me in a few minutes. I missed the call, and they automatically swapped to chat. The problem took a while to resolve, and while it wasn't exactly fun, I feel like they did as good a job as was possible. (Remote debugging is always a pain.) Since they were asking people for their identity, then their data is about gender. If they'd looked between people's legs, then it would have been about sex. Presumably the basis of the observed differences is biological (genetic, hormonal, etc) though there's a good chance that clothing choices figure into it, and that's gender rather than sex. It would perhaps have been also been correct if they inferred sex from gender in their study. The correlation of gender to sex is close enough (given the wide error bars in their data) that it would likely be sufficiently valid. There weren't nearly enough people in the study to segment out trans, nonbinary, intersex, etc. data. Arguably they're being precise in their reporting, though really they just didn't think about it one way or the other. Apropos of nothing, however, the study was performed at Middlesex University. I'm reminded a bit of a Tensegrity[1], except that it's relying on friction rather than tension. I wonder if there's a parallel: could you construct a tensegrity that corresponds to each of these tennis-ball towers? Or vice versa? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tensegrity The article (and comments) focus on the sites, but I believe we should look at it from the consumer end. Consumer behavior is far harder to change, but it's more important. The news web sites could just up and vanish for all I care. The question is, what do consumers need and how do we get it to them? The news web sites can go ahead and flame all the dumpsters they want. They're entertainment, and might as well be superhero movies or Angry Birds. "News" is just the hook for novelty. It's consumer behavior that has become quite terrible. Some of it is the realization that most news doesn't matter. It's far away and of little direct meaning to you. That's why the news sites need to dress it up to make it seem interesting. There are things that might be relevant, but they don't happen every 24 hours, and they require a lot of background to understand correctly. The politics are relevant in that you do in fact get to make a choice, though our politics have become more about tribalism than good choices. Voters have never been good about absorbing news and deciding, but mass media have made them easier than ever to distract and derail. We'd like to think a good news site would fix that, but you can't force the horse to drink. Consumers don't want it. And I'd say that doesn't even matter, except that they're making some terrible choices based on it. The best I can think of is for each of us to model better behavior, which means shunning bad news and thoughtfully discussing real news, but I don't honestly believe that will succeed. I would love a better answer. Unfortunately, what it probably means is "make as much money for shareholders as possible". At least, as determined by executives whose pay is going to ultimately be a fraction of that profit, and who thus have a vested interest in that interpretation as the sole interpretation. Ugh. Restauranting is a difficult business even on the best of days. It barely works, and any shift you make (even one with a net benefit) will throw things off. Adding a delivery service means you can serve more customers without having to add wait staff or tables. But your existing overhead doesn't go down. You still need the same kitchen and the same line cooks (or more). Your insurance doesn't go down, or your heating and cooling costs, or ingredients. Even an uptick in customers doesn't help if it throws off your ordering, and you start running out of one thing and having to trash another because your customer base changes. I don't know if I'd blame that on the apps, exactly, though it does sound like GrubHub is being sued over some shady practices which do sound a lot like the kind of shady practices "disruptors" like to play. A restaurant can't just add delivery without a significant change to its whole practice. The delivery itself costs money (even if the provider isn't demanding dotcom-level profits, which they probably are), and the savings aren't as immediate or massive as you'd hope. Especially in the studies they're talking about here, which are about cancer drugs. It's life-and-death stuff, and it's not so simple as "Well, we haven't proven this yet, so you just run off and die while we run a few more studies." We have a hard enough time keeping desperate people from trying things that we know for a fact are scams. Perhaps doctors could put the studies in clearer context when prescribing, but they are always clear that these drugs aren't perfectly effective and that it's kind of a crapshoot. When you've got patients who will die anyway, it's no surprise that we end up treating them as a final stage of clinical trials. You need to be honest about that and get consent, but many will give it willingly. You can short it: borrow, sell, and then buy back when the price drops to pay back what you borrowed. Shorting exposes you to effectively infinite upside risk. If you shorted one BTC at $4,000 a few months ago, today you'd have lost almost $5,000. If it goes to $20k again, you could be out $16,000. It's not like a regular asset, where the most you can lose is what you put in. You could lose literally everything. In the case of stocks, there is some limit in the sense that there's an underlying asset. There's some dispute as to the real long-term value of a share of Facebook or Netflix or Google, but ultimately there is one: your share entitles you to a piece of the profits of that company. It's still possible to lose a huge amount of money shorting stocks (say, you short a nearly-worthless stock in a drug company whose product is surprisingly approved), but it's very rare. With bitcoin, there's no underlying value to the asset. That makes it extremely volatile; there's no sound way to guess what it could ultimately be worth. Further, unlike stocks, there's no regulator trying to put a damper on price manipulation. (Basically, every dirty trick that was ever tried in the stock market now has rules against it, but they all get dusted off and tried again.) So shorting BTC puts you at significant risk. Some people are long on BTC because they think that ultimately there is a real value there, and happens to be higher than the current trading price. Their willingness to do so is what will ultimately determine that long-term price. Shorting it is betting that they're wrong... assuming you have the financial wherewithal to wait for the "long term". Or are willing to assume the risk that you're right in the short term, too. Does CVS have lettuce? It's a charming theory, though it's important to note that Williams Syndrome also comes with a huge range of other problems that impact physical health. Both impact the neural crest, which is suggestive, though the fact that dogs are healthy indicates that the "canine equivalent" is also very different. I receive $0 bills from some sources, and while they don't keep sending them, my bank's website (CapitalOne) does keep reminding me about it as an unpaid bill. And it won't let me pay $0. I have to mark it as "I paid it myself, outside of your system". That makes it shut up. It doesn't really affect FB one way or the other. They made their profit at the IPO. That's all the cash they get out of it. Zuckerberg himself (and other executives) would lose a lot of money if every investor pulled out, but Facebook would continue happily along. Ultimately, you can't get every investor to pull out because the stocks still entitle them to a piece of corporate profits, even without control. Facebook has a P/E of 24, corresponding to earning about 3% interest. There will always be a market for that cash. (Investors seem to think it will ultimately be more profitable than that, so the price is higher than the last 12 months of profit indicate.) I had foam-based bike tires 20 years ago, and they were quite awful. They cushion by flattening out on the bottom, creating an enormous rolling resistance. It was like pushing uphill everywhere. This isn't quite the same, but in calling it the "first airless system" it sounds like they had done zero research on previous systems and have no idea what the potential problems are. The new Michelin system is a rather different concept. I dunno if it will adapt to bike tires or not, but it would be great if it can. But the ones who sent you those links would care. They want you to join the community, because of the network effects: having you there makes it more valuable to them. Each person there finds is more valuable because of the other people there, rather than just dropping by. It's the same reason people have one Facebook page rather than thousands of small social networks. Even people who also participate in the smaller networks with a specific focus also have a Facebook page for their generic, lowest-common-denominator activity. You may want to do nothing more with the Medium page than read it and leave, but they're going to keep pushing you do more than that. Despite the network effect there is still room for a few very broad social networks because they suit different communication styles. That's why Instagram exists. (It's also why Twitter exists; I can't figure out the merit there but its denizens seem to like it.) Medium is one other such niche, for longer-form content. Or at least, they'd like it to be. It's not yet so big that the network effects are obvious, and that's why I don't have an account either. I was also very late to FB, and I still don't like it. But I'm there because the network effect of having all of my other friends there made it a thing I needed. You can stay out of it forever, but you'll continue to get pressure to join until either it dies or you do. I think the intention is a quote rather than a scare quote. It's a little awkward to quote a single word like that. In that circumstance the following words "... you're referring to" serve the same function. But it does highlight the notion of "you were looking for science, here is science". People used to rent movies before Netflix (and before DVDs, for that matter). The big win with Netflix was that there was no due date to a Netflix rental, rather than having to rent by the day. (Plus, done by mail, and a bigger catalog than your neighborhood video store.) I find that most of the time, the ad-riddled article wasn't worth reading. The number and intrusiveness of advertising grows in proportion to the desperation of the author to make the most of what little time you're going to spend. The Internet is exhausting because the Internet is exhausted. Good content is hard, and there's less of it than you'd hope. The web gains perhaps a few minutes worth of meaningful content per day, if that. And unless you particularly enjoy being the one trying to ferret it out of the torrent, it's better to let some other aggregator do it for you. Read that, then turn it off and go do something else. In the late 80s, Virginia Tech's CS department mandated A/UX on a Mac 2, making us incompatible with every other computer on campus. It was great having a real Unix, but since networking wasn't a big thing yet, it was still pretty isolated. (The campus had a computerized phone system that could have been adapted to networking, but it wasn't set up for it, and in fact hampered even dial-up networking because of the nonstandard phone jacks.) CS assignments were submitted on floppy disk. It does sound like the "LA" part of the original title is kind of important, though. It's implicit in the source (latimes.com), but the architectural details are only part of the story. The real point of the story, as I see it, is that these architectural changes are happening in Los Angeles. That's a new development in the type of business that LA caters to: it motivates architectural changes, and will motivate all kinds of other changes as the people actually occupy those buildings. To me, it's our inability to solve climate change that makes me so pessimistic. Not because of the climate itself, but because of the ability of a smallish set of people completely insulated from reality to thoroughly prevent our ability to do anything about it. Climate change is a relatively straightforward problem with a somewhat-less-straightforward set of solutions. Whatever solution we choose, it will involve a group effort. Few people want to take on the costs of it while everyone else benefits. And it just so happens that one set of people, among the very largest polluters, deny that it's even happening -- in a variety of mutually contradictory ways. Their failure is obvious and overwhelming, and they are a minority of the world, but it's sufficient to derail progress worldwide. That's why I'm pessimistic. I used to believe that anybody that far out of touch with reality must surely be booted out of power sooner or later. I've been proven wrong: they gain more power by the day. And that one belief comes with a constellation of similar false beliefs, mutually reinforced, and each participant goading the other to proclaim the falsehoods more loudly. I'm sorry that means I'm contributing to the problem you're citing, but I've only seen it get worse in my lifetime. The upward progress of the world had so much momentum that it took a long time to turn around, but the exponential increase in insanity means I just can't see any way that it doesn't do so. I try, nonetheless, to behave as if I were optimistic. I do make my own small contributions to progress. But I expect to see them all wiped away or made irrelevant. They can "sell" a lot of it back to the US government. The debt is held in bonds that mature. Big bondholders regularly roll their bonds over, so it acts as if they're just holding the same debt indefinitely. But some fraction of their bonds mature every month, and if they don't buy new ones, the government has to give them their money. It doesn't directly impact the dollar, per se, but it does mean that the government has to find the money elsewhere to continue operations. If it has to look harder, it will have to spend more, and that ultimately has to be backed by the taxpayer. It's an impressive feat, but this article fails to mention that she wasn't "climbing" in the sense that most people use the term. She was jumaring, where you use devices to climb up a fixed rope. It's exhausting and not without skill, but it's not at all like free climbing by holding onto the rock. (See, for example, https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/10-year-old-girl-climbs-y... ) (Free climbers use ropes, but only to arrest falls, not to climb up. Free soloers like Alex Honnold don't even use that protection, though that's very rare and incredibly dangerous. This is "aid climbing" with ascenders. It does have dangers of its own: protection points can fail, and she's wearing a helmet because rocks do fall.) To quote the tl;dr: ['1', '7', '11'].map(parseInt) doesn’t work as intended because map passes three arguments into parseInt() on each iteration. The second argument index is passed into parseInt as a radix parameter. So, each string in the array is parsed using a different radix. That's hilarious. Everybody loves the syntactic sugar that makes things easy, until the unexpected point where it makes things very hard. I'd be all in favor of that, but it's not quite as easy as it sounds. A lot of labor relations has resulted in health care being used as part of the total compensation package, a carefully negotiated, hard-fought conclusion. To wipe that benefit away would be a step backwards for a lot of people. It should be possible to reopen those negotiations and reach a fair conclusion, but there's going to be a lot of fighting on a case-by-case basis (with a lot of cases). I believe it would ultimately work out better for everybody, but the "ultimate" would be years -- if not decades -- away. It's basically the same as canned tuna. In fact, since both are massively overcooked, they're barely distinguishable. More or less. It goes on to mean that nothing really "has a meaning" for a photon, so it's hard to really talk about a photon's perspective one way or the other. We generally just say that the photon doesn't have a perspective, i.e. that any discussion of the photon's rest frame is meaningless. So to the degree that your question has an answer, the answer is "yes". But a better answer is that it's misleading to think that the question even has a yes-or-no answer. In this sense "classical" means "not quantum". General relativity is "classic" in the sense that position and momentum are variables rather than operators. They have real values rather than functions. So it's distinct from "classical" meaning "Newtonian" (or, perhaps "Newtonian + Maxwellian"), which is the sense in which "all of classical physics was special cases of quantum and relativistic physics". In a theater I worked at, I discovered that one outlet was accidentally built using the two live wires instead of neutral and hot. Unfortunately, I discovered it while testing a lighting instrument, promptly blowing out its $30 lamp. (And like a proper scientist, checked to see if it did that every time, blowing out another $30 lamp.) Once I stopped destroying expensive equipment, it did amazing things for my circular saw. (Probably not good for that, either, and fortunately we promptly moved out.) If the alternative is to wait for Congress to pass a law, then the precedent is long since set. The Congress sets a bar for passing new legislation very high (two separate houses, one of which has a 41% veto, plus the chief executive). The "laboratory of the states" thing is a legal nightmare in a networked world, but it's inevitable under the current organization. Well-crafted nation rules would be better, but a lot of people seem to want it this way. ... because their cooling water is becoming too hot. Also droughts. As I understand it, it's the opposite. I recently grew out my hair, and all the women insist that I've been doing horrible things by shampooing every day. Washing out the oils that protect my hair and keep it from drying out. I've been washing my hair with just water, and it works better than I expected. In the past, if I didn't wash my scalp before bed I'd feel itchy and sleep badly, but water seems to do a sufficient job of convincing my brain that I'm clean. When I feel sufficiently gross I use shampoo anyway. Conditioner is required to get a brush through it; my hair is very curly and will form knots if not brushed. I am not planning on ceasing to use body soap. I think he's referring to union dues. One of the jobs of a union is to advocate for their workers. But that requires paying somebody to do it, preferably without having them on the corporate payroll (and thus subject to management's orders). The raw foodies don't rule out grains and pulses. They make them more bioavailable by sprouting them, which uses the enzymes found in the plant itself to convert starches to something more digestible. (Which the plant does anyway in the process of converting its stores to something it can use.) It also makes them softer, so they don't spend quite as much time and effort chewing. It's still going to be a lot of effort spent eating, and it does seem like they're going for calorie-restricted life extension. But it's not quite as impossible as it sounds, and with a bunch of effort it's actually quite delicious. (And involves at least as much time as cooking.) It's definitely not my thing, especially since there's so much woo-woo associated with it, but I've had some raw vegan meals and quite enjoyed them. (Omnivory means getting to try everything, which I really like.) The USDA[1] gives 23g sugar for a large apple. And 34 grams of total carbohydrates minus 5g fiber yields 29g net carbs, which are nutritionally not all that different from sugar. So they're not identical, but I'd say that "more or less the same" is sufficiently accurate. (The apple, however, does have fiber and some other vitamins and minerals, so it's definitely a better choice. It's just best not to devote too much of your diet to it.) [1] https://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/fruits-and-fruit-juices... Indeed, thank you very much. I listen to a lot of podcasts while commuting and exercising, and I'd wondered about how the business end worked. I receive an extraordinary amount of great content for nothing more than the price of ads (which I skip a lot of; sorry but it's true). I have gone out of my way to purchase products that advertise on podcasts: I'm typing this as I eat a lunch flavored with hot sauce from FuegoBox. I don't know how well most podcasters do from that. You had a wonderfully lucrative target audience; most of what I listen to has a larger market but with less money. I don't know how many Casper mattresses and MeUndies they can possibly buy. The impression I get from the IHeartRadio-branded ones hint that by the time the marketers and support get their cut, it's poverty-level wages. Again, thanks for the look behind the scenes. That was incredibly informative and very well written. I'm a little confused on what they mean by "fail". The key sentence seems to be, "We can’t chastise an artist when a piece or project does not work out." If an artist can't take chastisement, they're not prepared to do art. They are putting themselves out there: if nobody sees it, it's not art. If there wasn't a risk to it, there would be no point in the success. People not liking it is one of those risks. That's referring to artistic rather than commercial failure, but the skill set is related. The money spent on the project is part of the artistic process. It's a permanent problem that there is never enough money to fund all of the arts projects worth doing, and no way of knowing beforehand either artistic or commercial successes. The article is correct that people with money, who wish to fund art with it, will have to take risks and suffer commercial losses, just as the artist will suffer artistic failures. So to the degree that the article says "Let's put more money into art that might fail," absolutely, yes. But that's not solving the ancient problem of finding that money, and we already knew that one of the problems is that a lot of people don't want their money going into any art except the most broadly appealing. As an American, I am now going to bang my head into a wall. The offer is made, but the reason for doing so isn't made clear. I didn't understand it at the time; I availed myself of it in a minimal way. Most don't do that. Some of that is the accident of geography: it simply wasn't necessary. Today, we are more connected to our Spanish-speaking neighbors, and the value of learning that language is becoming increasingly obvious. I don't know whether the schools are doing a better job of stressing that than they did when I was in school. I have indeed chosen to learn other languages, several of them. I wish I'd done it in school, at a time when my brain was more open to it. Unfortunately, that was also a time when I didn't know very much and put my priority on other things that ended up making less of a difference in my life. But it's still dubious when a board member is calling out a competitor for a problem that they also share. It looks a lot less like a sincere desire for protection and more like calling the cops on somebody you don't like. Runaway greenhouse effects are global, not local. It would be caused by a self-reinforcing feedback where the warming releases more CO2, but that would quickly spread over the entire planet. There are lots of possible causes for the extra warming in the Arctic in particular, but the high-level view is that ice is more reflective than water, so the increased area of water surface absorbs more heat. There's going to be a lot more to it than that, from the way water and air flow within and around nearby regions, but it was expected that the Arctic would warm faster than the rest of the planet. Kind of ironic, since the name "podcast" comes from the Apple iPod. If anybody would have first dibs on the name "podcast", it's them. "No wireless. Less space than a Nomad. Lame." It's gone now that everybody has a pocket supercomputer, but it's stunning just how far it went in completely changing the way we relate to music, and audio in general. For those wondering how somebody sits still for 100 hours in an MRI, the answer is contained in the word "postmortem" in the subhead. This isn't functional MRI, which observes the brain as it's working. This is a very high resolution static picture at a tens-of-microns scale. Assuredly very useful, but different from fMRI, which is what I first associate when somebody says "MRI" and "brain". I don't think you're really missing anything beyond the fact that podcasts have diversified to the point that you can find one in whatever niche you're curious about. There's also a huge array of artistic and fiction content, with a panoply of sound styles. The problem, of course, is finding the niche that fits you. It's classic long-tail stuff. I'm sure there are lots of podcasts that sound like indie radio stations, though I have no idea how you'd go about finding them except by trial and error (and referral). Once you find it, the medium is conveniently offline, requiring neither airwaves nor a live connection -- as well as the ability to speed it up or slow it down, skip, etc. If nothing else, I suspect a lot of those indie stations make their material available by podcast, which would give you access to similar content from all over the world. I feel like there's a gap in the "tip jar" market. I have a lot of podcasts for which I'd happily pay about 10 to 25 cents per episode, but it's not trivial to do. If it were, it would take a few thousand people to do so -- which isn't a small audience, but not enormous. Currently there's a voluntary "if you like us, find us on Patreon". Even being able to provide a "connect to Patreon" button on the screen would be a boost. UX and web site designers are well aware of how many people you lose with each step. Such a button could also auto-switch to the ad-free stream; I once paid for the upgrade but managing the different feed was a pain. I'm still using Pocket Casts, so it's possible that an integrated app like Stitcher is already doing that. If not, I see a niche that would make it easier for amateurs to scratch out a living. I think the money is there if you make it easy for people to give it. That's why people are attracted to Twitter: it's live. You get Twitter in real time, and you can't un-say what's been said. Even when people try, readers make screen caps. Typos and other mistakes just scroll past; readers have already moved on. They're still accessible, because the Internet never forgets, but it only retains focus when you've monumentally screwed up -- and even then only briefly. It's that living-in-the-moment feeling that has kept Twitter alive to this point, and if anything takes it down, it'll be by something that manages to be even harder to edit. Perhaps a live feed directly from your keyboard, or your mouth, or your camera -- or brain. If you don't want to participate in that, you stay off Twitter. I find it bizarre myself. I like to get my moment-to-moment experience from what's in front of my face. But that's very limiting, and a lot of people seem to prefer the stream of consciousness from the entire rest of the world. I think that since podcasts are often subscribed to, we might be able to mitigate the micropayment problem at least a bit. There are a lot of podcasts for which I'd be willing to pay, say, $10 per year -- though not enough to go through the trouble of finding and connecting to them on Patreon. "Osse" is so obscure that Wiktionary didn't list it as English. Merriam-Webster[1] gives two different obsolete definitions. I suppose the verb one ("attempt") makes more syntactic sense than the noun ("ominous utterance"), but English makes verbs of nouns so fluidly that it's hard for me to tell which he meant. Ordinarily I'd say that makes it a poor word choice, but in this context it just seems to heighten the tone. It's one of the few things to admire about it, which seems too on-the-nose for me to think of as one of Auden's better works. (I'll admit to liking "we like huddling in gangs and knowing the exact time", because that's a way I'm grumpy too.) [1] https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/osse I found that the cost of transit subtracted substantially from the benefit of Ryanair. They tend to fly from out-of-the-way airports, requiring an additional transportation link. It wasn't very expensive, nor are other airports exactly downtown, either. But between the money and the time, it shifted me away from Ryanair on some legs. In the long term, people shorting for bad reasons only hurt themselves. But in the short term, it does harm people who are long in the stock. People sell for a variety of reasons: unexpected unemployment, retirement, emergencies, home improvements, etc. They may simply want to rebalance their portfolios, and don't want to wait a decade for the shorts to get caught with their pants down. That's not an argument for banning shorts, which are a necessary part of the market. But it may contribute to a case for regulating prominent news sources which may have a conflict of interest. The SEC regulates pump-and-dump schemes, so there are precedents. Again, not claiming that this is the case here. (I have dark suspicions that there are political and ideological motivations, rather than profit.) But it's important to recognize that short selling, and slanting the news to depress the price, are not without short-term consequences. I think in a side-by-side test of the bare burger, you'd have no trouble telling which is which. But most burger chains serve their burgers with an array of toppings, sauces, condiments, and other things that make it nearly impossible to taste the actual patty. There are so many layers that all the burger itself provides is a bit of chewy texture. The texture of an Impossible Burger doesn't have quite the same mouthfeel as one made out of cow, but if you're not expressly looking for it, you'd easily miss it. If they accidentally substituted it for a meat burger, I'd wager well over 80% of the patrons wouldn't notice. I haven't tried the sausages, but I am looking forward to it. I'm neither vegan nor vegetarian, but I do try to reduce my meat consumption for the same reasons you do. That's easy at home, but harder when I eat out, especially when I'm trying to be expeditious about it. I don't expect to eliminate animals from people's diet, but I have hopes that eventually we'll be able to break the assumption that meat is somehow necessary at every meal. Just breaking that assumption would enable people to consider a wider range of possibilities, and encourage more places to support those who don't want to eat meat. As other respondents have said, a good journalist does not rely on a single expert. Good reporting cross-checks multiple sources, often seeking out conflicting ones, and trying to form a coherent story out of that. Unfortunately, that often leads to false dichotomy. It's not sufficient to seek out a contradictory source... especially if that contradictory source is not credible. But it's very exciting journalism to say, "We spoke to X and Y, who bitterly disagree with each other. We'll gloss over the fact that X has a PhD and the support of the entire community, while Y is funded by motivated donors and has been repeatedly debunked. We'll go to Y every single time because they only fund the one." So yeah, journalism is in trouble. Not for reliance on experts, but for failing to rely on themselves when a story seems fishy... and for relying on the public to care about whether they have or not. The way I see it, that's basically the definition of philosophy. When some sub-discipline of philosophy becomes clear enough to define its questions, they give it some other name (cf linguistics, economics, "natural philosophy") What's left as "philosophy" is always the stuff where we don't even really know what questions to ask. So we kick them around for a few centuries, or millennia, in the hopes that something will eventually take on a shape that can be pursued in a better-defined fashion. It doesn't, in itself. But when a PhD with very widespread support disagrees with somebody so lacking in the relevant discipline that they keep making the same elementary mistakes over and over in support of a preconceived notion, it's a really strong sign that they're not really talking on an equal footing. It's not always easy to rule out outsider with novel ideas, but there are lists of warning signs of crankery and motivated reasoning that a journalist should be able to identify. There will always be a gray area, but that's no excuse for lazy journalists to repeatedly seek out anybody willing to disagree just for the purpose of presenting an equal-and-opposite story. It's true for unorganized labor. Organizing has been a powerful tool for people who are "unspecialized" (i.e. easily replaced). If the workers agree to support each other, they have the power to stop work. But it only works if they all agree to it. That's where the organization comes in. It helps when government regulations exist to reduce employers' ability to find replacements. That's the fundamental conflict that employers can exploit: when they can appeal to each individual to work at cost to the advancement of the entire set of workers, the organization fails. Employers can then reduce pay and worsen working conditions to the poverty level. A variety of things have reduced the effectiveness of labor organizers over the past few decades, but they were responsible for things like the 5-day, 40-hour workweek and safety regulations. The ability of the Internet to reach out to an even wider set of unskilled workers makes the job nearly impossible. Equivalent places do exist in most US towns, though they're a bit further from the highway. The cuisine doesn't change as rapidly, but there are regional differences. Sadly, quality varies considerably. People go to the big chains because they're a known quantity. A fair number of those mom-and-pop restaurants don't make from scratch. They heat up what comes off the Sysco truck or the warehouse club. The Internet makes it a bit easier to find a restaurant with real local character, though reading the reviews is kind of an art form: they'll get a lot of praise for generic, boring food and few reviewers will recognize a gem when they find it. The US can't match the food culture in Italy, but with a bit of knowledge you can eat well here. TIL: The "run rate" is extrapolating a year's revenue from some shorter period. So the headline means, "Google Cloud earned $2 billion last quarter, which will be $8 billion a year if we can keep it up." So it makes the numbers more comparable with "per year" as the standard rate, but with all the obvious hazards of extrapolation. Some of it may just be the general economy. We've had a very long expansion that has been surprisingly general. It was considered slow growth, and the Fed is still talking about cutting rates as if a recession were in the offing, following very reasonable indicators. The S&P's P/E ratio (a decent measure of it's over-priced-ness) is around 20, a bit high but not ridiculous. The tech-heavy NASDAQ, however, is at 45. For comparison it was at 29 before the last big crash. The NASDAQ P/E is always speculative. People often bid up companies with low current earnings but expecting future earnings. That got very silly during the 90s tech bubble, where it would require profits of the entire world economy to justify some of those prices. But 45 suggests that we're due for a market crash. It's textbook irrational exuberance, and the whole economy is in a weird place. All signs point to a pending crash, and at least some of the companies that the article is talking about will fail. But we've been talking about that pending crash for half a decade now, and it's still not here. Bizarrely, investors sometimes do seem to be content to wait forever. Surely AMZN, with it's P/E ratio, isn't a startup any more. They're making a ton of money, but not 80-years-to-recoup-your-investment money. They're investing a lot, but these investments would have to quadruple their profits to get the price back into justifiable range. Apple, meanwhile, steadfastly maintains a P/E under 20. Investors seem OK as long as there's a new generation of investors to sell to when they retire. Everybody is content with the fiction because somehow the economy keeps chugging along at its tolerable 2-3%. You can short the overpriced thing all you want, but you're gonna run out of cash waiting for it to fall. Got me. I keep expecting this long, slow boom to end and reset everything. I've been expecting it for a decade. So what the hell do I know. I do much the same in a different medium. I direct Shakespeare, and one of the first things I do is take out a lot of redundancy in the script. That's a different kind of redundancy, since it's not just repeating the same words. But writers of the period tended to emphasize things for an audience who wasn't always paying attention: theaters were noisy and busy. Shakespeare also tended to expound on themes in a way modern audiences enjoy less. Not every word Shakespeare wrote was gold, and audiences use to the timing of movies prefer that you move the plot along in two hours rather than three to four. I can tighten focus on themes that are important to me, and cut out things like jokes that aren't funny any more or references that are lost. Audiences greatly enjoy the result, without having to be extensively taught to like Elizabethan theater. Some currencies require less faith than others. Like when a large organization with an enormous infrastructure insists on paying in that currency and demands payments in that currency. And when that large organization is in control of the land you live on -- including depending on that organization to defend that land in case of invasion. There's a whole lot more behind those currencies than with Canadian Tire Money or Flooz. When you live in the place you're committed in a way that you just aren't with any other currency. Losing faith in that currency is bad for you in a way that goes far, far beyond the exchange value of a token. Is that such a bad thing? It's like a framework: if it's not necessary to download a thousand pages of Kant in order to arrive at the correct conclusion, is it really all that important to get the rigorous version instead? Indeed. The article isn't about developers in general, but about NPM in particular. Other repositories are more stable. I don't think the problem with superdeterminism is the lack of free will, but with the way it doesn't really give you anything mentally to work with. It posits some early state from which everything could be deterministically extrapolated... except that state is both very complicated and completely hidden. It takes all of the probabilities and shoves them in a black box and says, "The answers exist, and they're in there. But you can't actually look in the box for the answers. You have to go do the experiment and wait for the speed of light to propagate the answer to you." Like all interpretations, it's mathematically equivalent to any other. It's just a question of what helps you think about the problem, and I don't think many people find it very edifying. You can replace the box with a random number generator, which is at least small enough to fit in your pocket. The superdeterminism box appears to have been crammed full of untold centillions of answers... none of which are accessible beforehand. If there were reason to think that the superdeterminism box were somehow smaller -- if it all really came down to just one random bit, say, that had been magnified by chaotic interactions to appear like more -- that would attract some attention. And I suppose it would be conceptually testable, by running Laplace's demon in reverse, except that that's not possible either from inside the universe. So it doesn't really come as a surprise that superdeterminism falls behind MWI or Copenhagen or even pilot wave, because each of those hands you something that you can use to mentally organize the world. Superdeterminism just seems to hand you a catchprase, "As it was foretold in the Long Ago -- but which I just found out about". I don't believe you'd need even a million random bits. It's conceivable that only a few random bits are actually required, and then let iteration take care of the rest. There's nothing wrong with that. I just don't think people find it very useful as an organizing principle, so it doesn't attract a lot of attention. Yeah, not quite sure what it's doing here. It's kind of a glimpse into a domain that's quite foreign to a lot of the regulars. For us, you can sort of think of this article as a self-fulfilling prophecy. Sociology is a very different approach to academics than we generally get in STEM. The things you learn are more complex and more open-ended. It's not like a science class, where the correct answer is already known and it's up to you to learn it. Even the best ideas are open to critique, because they're very preliminary. Learning to learn in that environment felt very unfamiliar to me. I would throw up my hands on the first day in class, because it felt clearly wrong. And it was, but that didn't mean that there wasn't something to learn. The field advances by discussion, but constructing that discussion is difficult because it's potentially open-ended and very prone to being derailed. So the article is kind of interesting on that score, if only to see what other people have to be told. Though I'm not sure it'll inspire really good discussion here, either. Er, that's "bios", not "BIOS". As in, biographies. The article has it right. If female scientists have a BIOS, I haven't figured it out. But they do have biographies. Or at least, they would, if overzealous deletionists didn't have it out for them. Seems to me it would be even safer to represent it as an object: amount: { dollars: 60, cents: 00 } or some such. In addition to being ready for foreign currencies, you can build in type safety to ensure that nobody does something meaningless like "60 dollars times 90 dollars", and prevents you from accidentally asking for $6,000 when you meant $60. It's less efficient, to be sure, and you have to implement all of those operations like "addition", but it's a case where being excruciatingly, provably correct seems more important than a few extra bucks on servers. Yes, exactly. That's the advantage. You need to display pounds different from yen and dollars and bitcoins. It's good to have the code say, "Whoops, I was only expecting dollars and cents, and I'm not prepared for this thing you handed me" rather than accidentally displaying the wrong thing. At the very least I'd want the currency marked. And once you're representing currency as a structure/object rather than a bare integer, you've got a lot more opportunities to ensure safety. They were speaking of medicine rather than policy, and getting it wrong. PReP is not the same course as treatment, and prophylaxis is always a thing given to healthy people rather than sick ones. The side effects are considered manageable: you watch for signs of liver problems and you don't give the drug to people prone to them. I'm not a doctor but I can read the prescribing information[1], which they don't seem to have done. [1] https://web.archive.org/web/20161221124917/http://www.access... I find I can carry at least 4 times as much stuff in a reusable bag as a disposable one. They've done remarkable work in making those disposable bags thinner, which is especially helpful when you're only buying a few light items, but for larger trips it's simply not a 1:1 substitution. There are so many factors involved (CO2, petroleum drilling, microplastics, other pollution, etc) that it's not easy to provide a definitive ratio. I do think it's good that the discussion has reduced the amount of plastic being used in the bags themselves (though I'd need to see a study if that ends up reducing the total amount of plastic involved, or if they're just using more bags). I think it's good that people are now in a better position to forego bags entirely rather than put a single item in a bag simply because they're there and free. Mostly, though, I'd caution against citing numbers that assume that one reusable bag is exactly the capacity of one disposable one. You're correct about that. I apologize. Or doing away with districts entirely, which amounts to the same thing. Right now we elect people as if geography were the only concern that could link voters. That makes it prone to ignoring voters whose concerns differ from that of their immediate neighbors. And very susceptible to manipulation by those who get to define "neighbors". Geography will always play into it, especially in our odd hybrid system where we insist on devolving many laws to the states (such that even obvious crimes like murder, and apparently-unrelated notions like real estate or health care, end up with 50 separate laws with small but crucial differences). But there are lots of ways to change the system so that you're not solely linked by geography and hoping that, if you're in a local minority, somebody else will elect somebody to represent your view. Does GS do HFT itself? Is there a conflict of interest? The goal was to reduce friction in the purchase. You had to walk to a computer, bring up Amazon, look up the product, click the version of it you want, and push "one click order" (or maybe two or three more clicks) -- that's a lot of opportunity for you to just add it to your shopping list and just buy it at the grocery store. Or from your point of view, that's a lot of effort for a product that you already know you want. If you're busy doing laundry, you want to keep doing that, rather than stop and order detergent, or risk forgetting it in the next five minutes (and then not having it the next time). The price is somewhat variable, but the variation is likely below your threshold of caring. These aren't huge costs, but it's very much web-UX thinking: people have very short memories (and attention spans) and even a single extra click is an opportunity for people to change their minds or get distracted. If your washing machine came with an infinite supply of detergent, or your cat food canister were infinitely deep, your life would be a tiny bit better. If they knew the cost were comparable to other sources, many people would take that deal without worrying too much about whether the exact price. That's Amazon's schtick. They make your life a tiny bit better and take a tiny profit on that. It works only if they can get that tiny profit on basically everything you buy. Everything everyone buys. They've since discovered other ways. As you say, you know the rate at which these things get used up, so it's even better for them to just replace the button with a recurring order. I feel like we do know how much liquidity is too much, in the sense that the HFT traders are siphoning profits from value-seekers to rent-seekers. The total of their profits is the amount by which there is too much liquidity. It's not necessarily clear whether it could be reduced to seconds of liquidity, or minutes, but it's clear that milliseconds is too short. The money isn't remaining in the market long enough to provide value -- especially when the market has already been made and they're just trying to figure out who gets the surplus between ask and bid. And they're going to have to think of something to do with that wood, if it's going to be part of a carbon reduction methodology. The trees don't live forever, and if they are left to rot or burn, they release all that CO2 back into the environment. Lumber would be one use. So would charcoal, or paper. Or possibly even burying them. But either way, growing them is only half the battle. It's "usq"; that's a medial S (ſ) rather than an f. It's short for "usque", meaning "up to" or "as far as". A rough translation of the sentence would be "The experience teaches you as far as it can; the author can't say beyond what they've been given to speak." Not much, but a little. You don't find yourself thinking, "I'm running out of shampoo, surely I will remember it for the five minutes it will take to finish my shower, then put it on my list." I fail at that all the time. It's the firstest of first-world problems, and I sure as heck don't see putting a "shampoo" button in the shower. But it kinda doesn't surprise me that at least some people wanted them. Well, "record profits, low unemployment, and general economic gains" are precisely what happens before a recession. That's not to say that they're indicators of an immediate recession, but that's just the nature of the boom and bust cycle. If the profits were low and unemployment were high, then we're already in a recession. They always do well when the economy is overheating, and gains are driven by paper rather than real-world value. At some point people chicken out, cash in their paper gains, and you have a bust. And then the cycle repeats. That cycle has happened dozens of times, and at some point in the cycle people start saying, "No, this time we've figured out how to keep things even, the gains are all real, and we'll never have a bust again." And then there's a bust... though when, exactly, is hard to forecast. Just beware of "this time it's different" talk: maybe this time it is, but it has a lousy track record. Recessions are opportunities to buy... if you have cash. If you were long in the market at the peak, then you don't have any cash. If it's something you were going to "buy anyway", then you'd have already bought it... unless you were holding cash and trying to time the market. You can sell something, and buy at a discount, but only by selling something at the same discount. I believe that's what the parent meant. At any given moment your money is somewhere: stocks, cash, bonds. You transfer from one to the other when you feel the time is right for it. In that sense every move is market timing. That does imply that most people shouldn't move their money very often. Do some research, buy and hold, and don't worry overmuch about whether you bought near the top or the bottom. Put new money (e.g. salary) into something with low overhead, like an index fund, unless you've got good reason to think you can do better with a specific choice of stock. If you find a bargain, buy it. But buying bargains is a matter of timing: it's only a bargain if it goes up eventually. As the guy who said "we are going to send Mr. Obama home to Kenya" I doubt Meadows has a very broad-minded approach to delegating responsibility to those with more experience and expertise. I wouldn't automatically discount the value that a restauranteur or real estate developer could bring to office. At least it would bring a bit of diversity of opinion compared to the roomful of lawyers. Though in this case, we're experiencing the opposite problem: people who have absolutely no idea how legislation is done or how the government functions, and who cannot be convinced that they're not experts in every domain they touch. It would be nice if people came to DC with the intent of listening, discussing, and coming to conclusions together. But the system is adversarial by design, and grows more adversarial with each passing year. Voting by mail has an even more massive security hole, in that ballots can be stolen, or people coerced (or paid). To my knowledge that hasn't happened yet, either in Oregon or in absentee voting, but with the level of discourse being what it is, I suspect it could easily become a problem. So if you come to the mainland from Svalbard, do you have to go through an entry process as if you were coming from outside the Schengen area? Any idea how they get the movie distributors to buy into it? The infrastructure cost overhead is small, but as I understand it, most of the cost of a movie ticket ends up going straight to the distributor. I doubt the distributor wants them giving away complimentary tickets without getting something. I'm not sure how these deals are structured, whether there's a per-viewing cost or a bulk "we rent this movie and show it as many times as we want to whoever we want". Interesting. Thanks The problem is that this doesn't track correlations between people. The implication is that each user has an independent risk, but that's not always true. In particular it was the problem with CDOs during the last crisis: people assumed that one person's default would not cause another's, and what seemed like a collection of moderate-risk loans was actually very high risk in aggregate. If you're aware of that fact then you know what you're getting and can deal it. But it's the tacit assumptions, magnified by aggregation and automation, that caused a disaster. The moderators help determine the community. Insufficient moderation changes the community: the most obnoxious voices drive away reasonable ones. New users who prefer that mode of discourse stay; users who want "reasonable discussion" are discouraged and go elsewhere. It's easy when a community is small. The more prominent the community gets, the more it tempts people who enjoy stirring things up. In the end I'm not sure if any moderation scheme can prevent that, to be honest. There will always be people who consider it a challenge to see what they can get away with, either by trying to stay just under the moderators' radar or by returning every time they're banned. Provocation makes people defensive, and then their own replies turn harsh, contributing to a negative perception of the community. I do hope that this community avoids it as long as possible. I've discovered it only recently and am enjoying it. But past experience suggests that it, too, will one day degrade. Seems to me that "myths lists" are most useful for, ya know, actual "myths"[1]. If somebody is likely to google for X, they'll find your page, and read your refutation. As a matter of SEO, the closer you get to repeating the commonly-repeated story, the more likely they'll get to your page. If the myth isn't something common enough to be googled for, then you're just confusing people. Just state the facts, in as concise and clear a fashion as you can. I think people are drawn to the "myths" structure because it breaks up the page visually. It tells people, "Here is a small unit of information. You don't have to read the whole page to get a story". There are lots of other ways to indicate that: headers, lists, images. It's a correct intuition that a flat page full of paragraphs is intimidating, but there are other ways. [1] in the sense of "myth" as "commonly-repeated falsehood". Most falsehoods aren't myths, and a better use of "myth" means a fiction that resonates deeply and universally. Fictions aren't mere falsehoods, either. I think you're burying the lede. You do finally mention, in the seventh paragraph, that your problem with existing browsers is that you have too many tabs. Your solution, apparently, is "spaces", a word mentioned zero times in the article -- just the name Space Browser, and no suggestion of how spaces work. It would be more interesting to discuss the UX factors and why you think that is a sufficient diffentiator from existing browsers. Just "I wrote a browser and I hope it competes" is a far less interesting story. "Light" here is a misnomer. What they're doing is taking the wide array of infrared wavelengths and channeling them into a single wavelength. It's easier to build a solar cell that's tuned to that wavelength. I don't know why they're calling that "light". It's not clear to me if it means visible light. The paper seems to imply that it peaks in the near-infrared. They appear to be using "light" in the general sense of "photons"... but it's all photons. They're talking about very high temperatures, the kind that emit significant visible light as well. Has this actually been tried? I know there's no way to do a proper controlled test, at least in humans ("OK,you take this pill, and you take this placebo. Now, here, breathe this."), but is there any naturally-occurring data that might imply that this actually works? Say, distributing pills in a place with a natural radioactive iodine source, or counting up thyroid cancers after Chernobyl and comparing people-who-took-pills to people who didn't? I assume there is at least a rat study. I bet we've all experienced the bit in a movie or TV show where they're portraying your job and go, "It's not even slightly like that." I bet everybody in every profession gets that. Usually the problem is at the writing stage, or perhaps in the directing. Sometimes the goal is to seem real to a general audience, even when the writer/director/actor knows better. Audiences wouldn't want to see the job of a programmer; it's deathly dull even when we're doing "exciting" things. I prefer to handwave over such things: if it's not exciting to look at, then just don't depict it rather than fictionalize it. If the story has to go through a moment like that, get a better story. I appreciate that Radcliffe is here mimicking some of the dull, prosaic work. It's kinda neat to see an actor be excited to momentarily be somebody else. It's a great feeling on stage to be able to convey some of that to an audience. I'd worry less about fatcat executives than about success. Fighting homelessness is hard, and the problems are rarely about what most people think they are. Perhaps the most important thing Bezos could bring (aside, of course, from money) is a sense for finding people who know things. That's the true talent of a great CEO, being able to assess sincerity, intelligence, creativity, and the ability to manage people. Writing hundreds of pages of grant proposals is probably less effective than being able to tell a good story, which contains the crucial hints about how you assess what's important, how well you communicate, and how you think about the people you'll need. There's a good chance many -- perhaps most -- of these will fail anyway. Homelessness will remain hard. But it could well end up being very cost-effective to let creative and industrious people try things, even if some fail. That's very Silicon Valley, at least in myth. I have no idea how much of that myth is real and how much was just lucky executives in the right place at the right time. There won't be any radiation from a supermassive black hole, or a stellar mass black hole. The bigger a black hole is, the colder it is, and any black hole bigger than a thimble is colder than the Cosmic Microwave Background. Its brightness isn't technically zero, but it's still darker than the background, and it's absorbing heat (and getting slightly bigger) rather than giving it off. Honestly, John, you were responsible for a massive hit Broadway musical, one that's entirely acceptable to the out-of-towners after their visit to Times Square. You didn't "become respectable". You sold out. Getting gross stuff shown in a modern art museum is hardly an accomplishment. Manzoni did his "canned poop" thing in 1961. You're gonna have to try a lot harder than clips from porn movies. Pink Flamingos is still gross. You could do that again, if you wanted. Though these days you're competing for attention from everybody on YouTube. You were an attention whore when it took some real effort to get it distributed. Now everybody can do it. They'll censor Pink Flamingos to put it on TV, but I'd be shocked if there weren't a dozen imitators on YouTube. (No, I'm not going to look.) Congrats, you lowered the bar on bad taste, and I guess that's enough of an accomplishment to make you a commencement speaker. But once people figured out your formula, the bar lowered pretty far pretty fast, and rather than get ahead of it you let 'em make Hairspray. That's partly because the market boom is itself a self-fulfilling prophecy. Stock markets go up because other people think they're going up. People who buy securities for the purpose of re-selling, rather than holding, bid prices up, based not on fundamental valuation but on the thought that it will become more popular. Stock markets aren't the same as the economy as a whole, but stock market bubbles boost the economy when irrational exuberance increases the total apparent wealth. And when enough people decide that it's peaking, it does, and the same process works in reverse, causing a recession. So yeah, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy, but that doesn't mean there's a way to avoid it. The market prices are already high; they must eventually revert to something closer to a true valuation. But since that time is determined almost entirely by consensus, nobody knows when. Indicators like this one are a sign that people are changing their minds, but it's been that way for a while. They're just indicators of public perception, and the public takes them into account, too. I don't mind him making money. I mind the "Oh, poor me, I used to be so outre" tone of his article. I'm glad he got rich. That's cool. Bawlmer kid makes good. But the article feels like flaunting it, without providing either insight or introspection. It's not just the art market, though. The numbers are absurd in the fine art market, since it's a place where rich people go to compete with each other in games the rest of us don't get to play. But eBay is full of sci-fi memorabilia with certificates of authenticity. A uniform actually worn by Patrick Stewart on screen sells for more than one that was made for him but not worn, which sells for more than a copy made with the same materials. You might actually be able to wear the latter, but the first two would just be set out for display, like the Mona Lisa. That's a game we can all play, and while I'm not really much into it, I am proud of my author-signed Klingon Dictionary for no good reason -- especially since I never even look at it. It's weird watching hundreds of millions of dollars exchange hands for trinkets, but when you're talking about multi-billionaires, it doesn't really surprise me that they would similarly want to own truly one-of-a-kind things with a poorly-defined "authenticity". Mocking people in power is a time-honored tradition. It's not even really all that subversive: they were playing with well-worn, easily recognizable tropes. It's all part of the film's pretty conventional message: believe in yourself. I suspect not. I get the same experience with a wetsuit. And I've seen it happen with dozens of people on their first dives. Once they get down and stay down for a minute or so, they begin to trust that there is in fact air in the regulator, and that it will continue to be there. Until then, they'll fight panic every time. Different people get over it at different rates. Some never do. People do seem to have odd opinions about what something is worth to them. Yes, I'd rather pay $5 than $10. Obviously. That's not the question. The question is whether it's worth $10, and that's on a par with what other services cost. It will depend primarily on their content, and to some lesser degree how easy it is to use. (Apple has an amazing, if unreliable, talent for hitting a sweet spot in feature levels.) Is that the kind of thing that would show up in an audit? That is, if you're hiding millions of dollars, you're not just fudging the numbers. You've got a web of places to stash money that aren't directly connected to you. It would take a deep investigation of your finances, not just an audit. Party loyalists are the opposite of prostitutes. Prostitutes can be bought. Party loyalists are True Believers. They don't make a lot of money, and they spend years refining their messages with each other. They have a sincere belief in what they're doing, and believe it to be the best way to run a country. They may well be wrong, stupid, or even malignant. They certainly have some strange bedfellows: winning elections or votes means crossing that 50% level, which requires making friends with people whose interests are only partially aligned with yours (as opposed to the people whose interests are diametrically opposed to yours). Their loyalty is at least partly sunk-cost fallacy: it takes a long time to be a party insider and they can't just hop over to any other party without losing those years of trust built up. But what they aren't, is prostitutes. For better or worse, they believe. "Left" and "right" have been pretty arbitrary ever since the French Estates General set up their seating plan with monarchists on the right and republicans on the left. That fight, like all fights before and since, was really divided along multiple axes with overlapping but not identical motivations. I don't think there's a single thing to be misunderstood, so much as a rough analogy between many different kinds of political battles. Anti-intellectualism does seem to present a kind of newish element to that fight, though I suspect it's always been present in various guises. (I will say that I'm particularly unhappy with the version of it that has dominated for the past 30 years or so.) That was also the last expansionist era in world history. The US was able to expand into new, fertile land and exploit new mining resources. The land wasn't completely empty, of course, but it was not being intensely farmed with the new large-scale agricultural techniques. The expansion wasn't all of it; it was also an era of technological innovation in which the Americans were leaders (though Europe also produced a fair amount of innovation). But the expansionism had another advantage: while Europe was busy fighting a series of wars for control over the same territory, the US had a lot more freedom to devote to increasing production rather than destruction. So the 19th century may not be an accurate model for the 21st. Isolationism was more feasible then because it was a large, self-sufficient nation. Today, capitalism has broken production down into finer and finer pieces and it's much harder for even a very large nation to compete against the combined strength of the rest of the world. If we don't collaborate, and others do, they'll gain a relative advantage that will slowly eat into our dominance. We can't simply conquer new territory because there isn't any, and even if we did, ownership of land isn't as important in a technological era. Strictly, there are other forms of consequentialism besides utilitarianism, though utilitarianism is perhaps the most familiar. Consequentialism means (duh) judging your morality based on the consequences of your actions. Utilitarianism means making that judgment in terms of some quantifiable "utility" or "value". But there are other ways to make that judgment, including applying intuition or even applying some kind of deontological deity-given rules. The utilitarian framework is so broad that it can be extended to cover all of this, and to cover deontology for that matter ("utility is defined as following the rules of X ethical framework"). Conceivably "the Americas" could mean "the western hemisphere minus the US". It's an awkward way to put it, but it's an awkward concept. I did, in fact, just bring a friend to Paris for their first real baguette, so I got a kick out of your comment. As you say, bread is now spoiled for them. So is cheese. And croissants. The iPhone isn't spartan, but it does a great job of illustrating how Apple pares away features for a better user experience. Apple is famous for eliminating things that stun hackers: the disk drive, expandable memory, replaceable batteries, audio jacks. Slashdot famously pronounced the iPod "lame" for not having a bunch of things that a cheaper competitor offered, but Apple had zeroed in on exactly the things that people wanted. Their app store is much less open than Android's, but gives most people the things that they want. Developers in particular seem to have a hard time remembering that most people don't want a product that can do anything. They want a product that does exactly the things that they want it to do and is optimized for those. Finding that sometimes requires a great leap of insight -- or faith. The best way to block it would be to provide direct support for it. Rather than each site rewrite the user experience with Javascript, the browser could support a standard paginated HTML. Then it could render that as infinite scroll, or pagination, at the user's preference. Now that the Javascript genie is out of the bottle, you can't stop single-page apps from doing their own navigation. But if you make it simple enough for developers, many new sites will choose to support a standard HTML feature rather than continue to manage it themselves. That would, of course, take time and be the usual HTML-evolution clusterf *. But if Google or Mozilla decided to start it, in conjunction with one or a few major blog/social-media providers, it could probably be widely supported within a decade. 1. No, there is no way to visit other branches. 2. The benefit is that it's a very direct translation of the math into concepts. If you actually build the mathematical model, the "other worlds" are right there in the model, as the other half of a superposition. It doesn't go away. You just can't get to it. Nor can you ignore it, because it's sitting there as a term in the equation, persisting as you evolve it over time. It just becomes smaller and smaller without ever becoming zero. That's why you observe a classical universe even though it's really quantum: the odds of the other parts of a superposition having an effect are on the order of Avogadro's-number-to-1 against. Copenhagen works by just arbitrarily defining that number as zero, which is easy to work with but conceptually incomplete. MWI keeps it there in another "world", which is more in keeping with the math but unedifying because it sounds so unfalsifiable. Hope that helps. (Which is always code for "... but it probably doesn't", I'm afraid.) The subhead is slightly more informative: "The recent discovery of eight new signals means astronomers may finally have all the clues they need to solve a longstanding mystery." Which could perhaps be shortened to "Eight new signals provide data on fast radio bursts". I've also had some very good experiences. One immediately identified a thing I needed but had no idea of (a coupler to join a PVC waste pipe to an iron one). Another recently spent 20 minutes trying to locate a thing that inventory said was in stock but wasn't in the assigned bin. (It's not his fault that the system can't distinguish between items on display and items stuck, unsorted, in the high shelves requiring a front-end loader to reach.) It's very hit and miss. The biggest issue is that it can be very hard to locate anybody at all. If they could paint the solar cells directly into the surface of the car, it would add little additional weight. Most of the weight of a solar panel is the backing and frame to provide stiffness, and you could use the car body for that. That's a big "if", though. Photovoltaic paint is currently around half as efficient as commercial solar panels. I also doubt it, though it's not quite 2x. The number they cite is "6,000 calories a day", which presumably includes the ~2,000 calories one burns just by staying alive. A marathon runner burns ~2,600 calories on the race itself, totalling ~4,600 for the day. So it's about 1.3x rather than 2x. The numbers all have very wide error bars, so it puts 1.3 in the range closer to 1 than to 2. Still hard to believe, but I'd consider "comparable to a marathon" far more likely than "twice as much". I'm a bit disappointed to hear that. There is a magnificent plotline on the TV show Slings and Arrows, attempting to get a friend's skull made into a prop for use as Yorick in Hamlet. That's based on real life: various skulls are passed down in the theater tradition as possibly belonging to famous actors[1]. (On the show, they ended up using a disreputable taxidermist.) I had a vague notion that some day my own skull might become part of the properties of my own theater troupe. It's probably a very bad idea and it's more than half a joke, but it's a bit disappointing to hear that it's not really possible. [1] http://www.borrowers.uga.edu/782717/display The Wall Street Journal in particular seems to define any kind of government interference in markets as "socialism". For example, this is what they said in July: https://www.wsj.com/articles/a-reality-check-for-solar-and-w... The successes are capitalism by definition; the costs are socialism by definition. Shylock wanted much more than just a pound of flesh. Shylock was very clear about the injustices that had been committed against him. The famous "hath not a Jew hands" speech is far more than just an incidental "Oh, yeah, antisemitism" add-on to the play. Shylock's plight is complex and real, not just a cardboard villain. There is a passing reference to his wife, who had given him the ring that his daughter stole, and it's utterly heartbreaking. The play is actually quite sympathetic to Shylock, even if none of the other characters are. Antonio is no more a cardboard hero than Shylock is a cardboard villain. Neither is Portia, for that matter -- who is herself struggling with the injustice of her father controlling her from beyond the grave, marrying her off almost by lottery. The play is of its time, to be sure, but the people then were just as complex and conflicted as we are now, and a good performance of it today isn't easily dismissed as "look at the awful way people behaved 400 years ago". I was a little confused by that. My best guess is that they're hoping that they can shuffle enough people off onto credit monitoring that the hundred million people getting a nickel apiece don't demand they re-open their settlement? That seems unlikely. Perhaps they're hoping that some of their new credit monitoring customers will like it so much that they'll pay for the service after the term expires? A surprising number of English people don't know that there was an English Civil War. When you've got a thousand years of continuous history to pack in, Oliver Cromwell ends up being kind of a footnote. Maybe if it had occurred before Shakespeare, instead of after, he could have written a cycle of plays about it, and we'd remember it as well as the Wars of the Roses. But as it is, English schoolchildren forget it as soon as class is over... and I suspect the rest of the UK cares even less. I think it would also help to increase the visibility of those costs. The impression I get is that a lot of people take for granted that roads just appear, for example, while the taxes for commuter rail and public transit are an imposition. A quantum computer doesn't work much like a classical computer at all, so any analogy to transistors fails pretty quickly. One key aspect of that is that all of the qubits are entangled. The qubit isn't in more than two states, but in 2 states at once, and N qubits are in 2^N states at once. It's not quite as simple as that: you can't really just set up any algorithm in a quantum computer the way you would with a classical one. But for those problems amenable to quantum computation (including, notably, prime factoring), they can be solved very fast. With 2^53 qubits we should be able to factor some very, very large prime numbers. Any idea where this arms race comes from? Were the colleges holding classes with empty seats because they couldn't get enough students? One would like to think that this would allow new schools to materialize that opt out of that race to the top, though of course the overhead is very high. I've been watching Signum University, an online-only school, work its way to accreditation over the past several years, and they're nowhere close. (A big bolus of cash would probably help; they're trying to do it with only small-donor donations.) I feel like college has become not-worth-it in the three decades since my degree, though unfortunately that's not true: even with the ballooning costs it's still a net positive. It just seems as if they're raising prices to absorb as much of that net positive as they can, and in doing so the people on the left side of the return curve go from positive to negative. Since the schools get theirs up front, that's pure positive for them. As a software engineer, I laugh bitterly every time a lawyer tells me that they are being rigorous in their interpretation of a law. Even when all the lawyers agree on interpretation, their notion of "rigor" bears no resemblance to the way a computer applies the term. A test engineer would have zero problem fuzz-testing a law into nonexistence. The way I see it, that's what a developer is: a tool for translating fuzzy requirements into rigid definitions. Sometimes they're just plain lazy about that task, but even when it's done well, they discover vagueness and incompleteness in the specifications. They use their judgment to fill that in, but they're often wrong, especially when they don't really know the domain. Programmers want rigid requirements, because that makes their job easier. Indeed, it does their real job for them. If we had a really rigid way of writing specs, you'd just write a compiler for it. The real job of a programmer is precisely about playing intermediary between the true rigor of the computer and the pseudo-rigor of requirements. The biggest thing that Uber added was the ride-summoning app. I gather that these are beginning to come into existence for taxi companies, but especially at the time, it was a huge boon to download one app and be able to summon a ride wherever you went. Instead, you often had to place an actual voice phone call -- or multiple calls, since different companies had different dispatchers. You would get no feedback on when your taxi might arrive -- or even if it was. I've answered plenty of panicked phone calls from friends whose prearranged taxis didn't arrive and were desperate to get to an airport before their flight. If the taxi companies had acted professionally about it, Uber might not have been able to take off. As it was, using Uber was simply a better experience than taking a taxi -- except perhaps right in the middle of the most taxi-heavy cities, where you could stick out an arm. It wasn't so much about price as about just knowing that the ride was coming, and not really caring who precisely provided it. The taxi companies were not competing on anything I cared about. The actual car-sharing aspect of their service is of dubious merit, and I prefer Lyft to Uber anywhere I can. But I'll take either to having to actually phone a dispatcher, or having to download Waave in New York and myTaxi in London and god only knows what in Cinncinnati. Oh, definitely agreed. We programmers do rather suck at our profession, especially as I define our profession. Not all of us, and not all the time, but we get rather feted for our technical sk1llz while failing to deliver the thing we're actually supposed to be doing -- even just outright ignoring it. Presumably, it's because the regulators concluded that these were areas where we'd be cutting off our noses to spite our faces. It's widely thought that that applies to the entire bill, but even aside from that, this is basically what lobbyists are for. They are representatives from the various American industries, hired to make their case in front of the regulators. The regulators are full-time bureaucrats, who know a lot about the domain at hand but also need to know what particular American companies want. There's no one answer to it; what the bureaucrats do for a living is make judgments about what's needed and what's not. A big company that hires the best lobbyists (the ones with the most experience and the most contacts) definitely has a leg up, but the regulators aren't solely at their beck and call. (Usually. It's not that regulatory capture doesn't exist, but the vast majority of day-to-day dull grind of government really is just ordinary people trying to make good policy.) Often, small companies band together to hire a decent lobbyist; DC is chock full of organizations with names like "Vegan Caterers of America" and "Society of Diesel Mechanics" that don't have tons of money but they do show up at regulators to make their cases on matters nobody cares about except them. I'm not really here to defend the system or make the case for it one way or another. It's just that DC works very differently from the way it's portrayed on TV (including the news), in ways that are simultaneously more interesting and excruciatingly boring. I don't have any specific info on this case, but it does sound like exactly the kind of hodgepodge that results from making a lot of little decisions rather than one big sweeping gesture. Part of the problem in this case is that it's not 50-50. It's more like 33-33-33 for hard brexit, soft brexit, and no brexit, with varying second-choice preferences depending closely on precisely how you phrase the question. There's no option that doesn't leave most people angry. Especially since it's more like 25-25-49, such that the largest single group is outweighed by two other groups that are almost, but not quite, as sharply divided. It's a pretty fundamental flaw that interferes with "near tossup means it could go either way" as a philosophy. It's a pathological case, but not uncommon.