> Once you begin with the premise of “I need an open source business model”, it leads you down a path of “I need to monetize my project” rather than “I need to build a product that delivers value”. This is exactly how I feel as well. I am working on an open source to-do list + calendar ( https://getartemis.app ), source at ( https://github.com/satvikpendem/Artemis ), and I try to subscribe to the same philosophy as Sentry[1] and Ghost[2], two popular products that are also open source but do not avoid generating revenue because of that. One must always strive to compete, whether it be through business model, or more often, product. You can release a good proprietary product, or similarly, a bad open source product; the quality of being open source does not necessarily add nor detract from the quality of the product itself. Sure, one can `git clone` the product, but due to the other factors in the business, the "soft skills" such as marketing, branding, sales and general business development, no one can reliably copy the company still generate substantial revenue [3]. This is not to say, however, that if your company is infrastructure such as a database, that no one will copy and monetize that better than you; they may, even in general usage of the product, but what is missing is the lack of vertical integration within the product. A database is just a part used in the whole of a new product, not the whole in and of itself. That is why if I desire to make substantial revenue from an open sourced product, I would make it a fully integrated product, just as any proprietary one, and that is what I am to do with Artemis. [1] - https://github.com/getsentry/sentry [2] - https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost [3] - https://ghost.org/about/ I'm creating an open source todo list + calendar webapp ( https://getartemis.app , source at https://github.com/satvikpendem/artemis ) made by just me, and I can tell you how I approached the problem. The video you see on the front page does not exist in code, it is simply a prototype designed with Figma ( https://figma.com ) and animated with Principle ( https://principleformac.com ). I created the landing page and video, added a Mailchimp form, and I posted on Twitter, Reddit, and here on Hacker News, the communities in which it made sense. For me, it's a productivity / task management tool, so I would post on reddit.com/r/getdisciplined or reddit.com/r/productivity. It's all about creating a minimum viable product, as you might well be aware, but what you may not know is that an MVP need not have code. Indeed, it could be a video as I did, and I think for software, a video works best as people can actually see what it looks and feels like, without you necessarily creating the product architecture (full frontend and backend plus devops etc). Now I have over 150 subscribers in only a month due to rapid creation of this type of MVP, and based on this feedback, I changed my designs, and only now I am beginning to really create the heart of the product. Using non-code MVPs is the best way in my opinion to sell quickly before building. I'm creating an open source todo list + calendar webapp ( https://getartemis.app , source at https://github.com/satvikpendem/artemis ) made by just me, and I can tell you how I approached solo development. I sell first before coding anything. The video you see on the front page does not exist in code, it is simply a prototype designed with Figma ( https://figma.com ) and animated with Principle ( https://principleformac.com ). I created the landing page and video, added a Mailchimp form, and I posted on Twitter, Reddit, and here on Hacker News, the communities in which it made sense. For me, it's a productivity / task management tool, so I would post on reddit.com/r/getdisciplined or reddit.com/r/productivity. It's all about creating a minimum viable product, as you might well be aware, but what you may not know is that an MVP need not have code. Indeed, it could be a video as I did, and I think for software, a video works best as people can actually see what it looks and feels like, without you necessarily creating the product architecture (full frontend and backend plus devops etc). Now I have over 150 subscribers in only a month due to rapid creation of this type of MVP, and based on this feedback, I changed my designs, and only now I am beginning to really create the heart of the product. Using non-code MVPs is the best way in my opinion to sell quickly before building. I'm a somewhat frequent contributor on IndieHackers actually. To promote the page, I basically posted it everywhere I could (without getting banned) and started asking my friends to critique the site. When applicable, I would also answer questions on fora as I am now. In terms of time, I'm not really sure, it's an on and off commitment as I also have a job. Anything other questions or anything you're working on as well? Many subreddits have rules on when you can do self promotion, such as a separate thread or a specific day for posting. That's when I do it. [See this post for example]( https://old.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/comments/a3oz48/meth... ). As well, you can see in that post that I don't directly promote my app but instead I ask questions regarding the process by which people schedule their day. Provide value without expecting value in return. If you look on [/r/entrepreneur](www.reddit.com/r/entrepreneur), you can see some posts where people use their blog posts as a reddit post, which provides value for those who don't read their specific blog. Then, you can link back to your own blog at the end of the post. In doing so, you provide value before you promote yourself, and so any products or services you then promote will be associated with quality to your readerbase. The vast, vast majority of people who buy new phones don't care about security. They buy them because they're the "new shiny thing." I follow you on Twitter! Great content, as always. This is exactly it. I'm building https://getartemis.app , which, as you can see on the home page, has an automatic muted video playing of the demonstration of the product. Most people without such autoplay will not want to click play, and thus my email sign-ups will decrease, which is the same rationale as every other site with autoplaying videos. When I first learned Chrome disabled autoplaying videos, I converted my video, which was around 500 kB, to a GIF, which was now 30 MB, with a noticeable decrease in smoothness and quality. Companies will not stop autoplaying videos, they will merely find other ways around it, because autoplaying videos work for the vast majority of users. If you go to your local supermarket, you will see many branded items with varied fonts and pictures. This packaging is essentially an ad for the item. If you removed that, which you could do, as some brands like Brandless have done, people would not know what to buy. The packaging itself provides value. So too with ads online. Actually, in some cases, they do. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masterpiece_Cakeshop_v._Colora... You would like Vue's Single File Components, where HTML, JS, and CSS are all in one file. It's great. Worse, USA It's basically an RSS feed of people rather than sites. I get a lot of tech and programming info from it, as well as networking with high profile individuals. Perhaps, if they have an interesting justification for doing so, I could see accepting it. They might just be young-faced individuals that want to increase their network and you might have a mutual sharing of ideas. Is this true even if I'm solving a problem for myself primarily? Would talking to other people fragment my focus on what I should be creating? Or would you say that this is not the case? Perhaps it's not a necessary but rather sufficient condition of evaluating consciousness. Humans may have other metrics with which to be evaluated. Paul Graham wrote about the advantages ITA had by using Lisp, interestingly enough. http://www.paulgraham.com/icad.html SEEKING WORK - East Coast, USA - Fully Remote I run a machine learning and data science dev agency ( https://arialabs.io ), particularly for high growth startups and established companies, usually for big projects. How it usually works is we talk with you to figure out your problems, and solve them with a custom assembled team from around the world. We also do projects integrating web apps with backend machine learning pipelines. For example, we created a messenger app that automatically runs machine learning prediction jobs in the background and displays them through the app. Technologies: - Python - TensorFlow - Keras - Pandas - Other ML and DS related libraries - Web technologies - React, Vue, other JS libraries - Node and other backend technologies Problems solved: - Clients (lab scientists) wanted to efficiently clean and categorize lab research data. We ran OCR on the handwriting, and used NLP to categorize the types of data from a previous training dataset with a 95% accuracy level. - Client (a big consulting company with many employees traveling) wanted a messenger app to book flights and hotels directly from various messengers such as Slack. We used NLP to automatically parse and identify intent for the incoming data from these messengers, searched optimal flight and hotel combos, sent the data back through the messengers, and automatically booking these flights and hotels if wanted, saving many hours of manual searching by executive assistants. - Client (an Amazon product seller) wanted to raise and lower prices based on product demand in real time. We built a custom solution that would analyze many factors on Amazon to figure out when and under which conditions to set a specific price for each product. Price: $100k+ USD. The clients above either saved or made tens to hundreds of times more in revenue through our efforts. Email me at satvik (at) arialabs (dot) io, or just fill out the form at https://arialabs.io Location: East Coast, USA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: Python : TensorFlow, Keras, Pandas, Other machine learning and data science related libraries ; Web technologies : React, Vue, Node, other JS etc. Resume: My name is Satvik Pendem and I run a machine learning dev agency called Aria Labs ( https://arialabs.io ). We primarily use Python and associated libraries for machine learning related tasks (Tensorflow, Keras, Pandas, etc), and we also create web apps (React, Vue, Node, etc) that combine the backend machine learning predictions with a great user interface to make a cohesive product rather than simply a trained model. Here are some problems that we've solved in the past: - Client (a big consulting company with many employees traveling) wanted a messenger app to book flights and hotels directly from various messengers such as Slack. We used NLP to automatically parse and identify intent for the incoming data from these messengers, searched optimal flight and hotel combos, sent the data back through the messengers, and automatically booked these flights and hotels if wanted, saving hours of manual searching by executive assistants and generating 20% more billable hours. - Client (an Amazon product seller) wanted to raise and lower prices based on product demand in real time. We built a custom solution that would analyze many factors on Amazon to figure out when and under which conditions to set a specific price for each product. This generated more than $10 million over the previous year for this client. - Clients (lab scientists) wanted to efficiently clean and categorize lab research data. We ran OCR on the handwriting, and used NLP to categorize the types of data from a previous training dataset with a 95% accuracy level. Email: satvik@arialabs.io I've heard the adage, Be the best version of yourself you can possibly be. Become your Platonic ideal. Try Revery [0], written in ReasonML [1], a dialect of OCaml created by Facebook. It's high performant as it's compiled into native code. [0] https://github.com/revery-ui/revery [1] https://reasonml.github.io This is what Spacemacs and I think Evil Mode do as well For native, there is Brisk[0], "A cross-platform set of tools for building native UIs with Reason/OCaml. The goal of the project is to allow developers efficiently create fast, native apps for all major platforms. It's the best of both worlds: speed and portability, simplicity and great APIs." [0] https://github.com/briskml/brisk I'm ready for when I can have my books read to me with machine learning à la WaveNet or similar, effectively cutting out the middleman and making a very cheap audiobook version. Google Books can already do this with epubs but it's not at the same level as a professional audiobook however. I assume the commentor you were replying to was being sarcastic. It is much more approachable, especially moreso than JSX. It combines the benefits of React but with single file components where HTML, JS, and CSS are all included in one file. https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/single-file-components.html If you really want to, make it AGPL and most companies, especially large ones like FAANG, won't touch it due to the virality of the license. I am a software engineer. I recognize the need for good tools, as computers. In the end of the piece I imply that tool use in and of itself is not bad of course, nor that one shouldn't strive to use better tools. However, one should not strive to research tools as a end in and of itself rather than the means to do real work. Don't spend a literal week of time researching. This is the crux of what I aimed to say. I spent so much time researching tools that I forgot what I really wanted to do, and in that same amount of time, had I spent it doing the work I wanted to do, I would have finished the project. I talk about true obsession over material things rather than mere research of them. The latter is fine, but the former can have severe psychological consequences. This is my first attempt at writing a blog post and maintaining a blog. I wanted to write with interesting prose that still has clarity. It has two parts, a section for general topics and ideas I've thought about, and another for practical tutorials, mostly about programming and personal discipline. It's just HTML and CSS for now but I'm interested in using ReasonML, React, and some static site generator in React such as Gatsby and react-static. Do check out other pieces on the main page for other interesting topics (most yet forthcoming) and let me know what you think: https://satvikpendem.com As well, not to plug myself too thoroughly, but the project I was working on mentioned in the article is a todo list + calendar web app for those who'd like to time box their day: https://getartemis.app I see, so you think I should continue to iterate and try to solve the problems I purport to solve, even if it doesn't reach an idealized version? Not to plug my own product here, but I'm working on a todo list + calendar app ( https://getartemis.app ) because I think I am the same way as you (even though I don't have diagnosed ADHD specifically) with regards to todo list apps. I want to know exactly what I'm doing at all times, as it's too easy to procrastinate with a todo list ("I can just do it later..."). Google Calendar doesn't have the same advantages of tracking even though it works well for knowing what to do when; it can't for example, track that you're working in a specific project with its own subtasks, as each event/task in GCal is discrete and has no semantic connection to another. Additonally, why can't I say, for example, that I want to work on a project for 10 hours a week, and my calendar automatically schedules it for me, to work on an hour and a half each day, based on some preferences like morning, afternoon, evening time periods? These are some of the things I want to address with my app. You may be interested in my app that has subtasks as calendar events: https://getartemis.app I only read the comments 99% of the time. This is usually because there are more interesting insights in the comments than in the post itself, and usually at least one person finds a mistake that renders the entire post nullified in its teachings. This may be a methodological error in a research article, a financial error in a business article, and so on. In the off chance that commentors say it's good enough to read, I skim it, and very rarely, I will read it in depth. They'll probably lose much more than $100k on the bug impacting their systems. For those who like React static sites but dislike the complexity of Gatsby and GraphQL, check out react-static. https://github.com/react-static/react-static YouTube example: https://youtube.com/watch?v=OqbJ5swVpDQ Isn't that basically natural selection? The Hardcore History podcast episodes on Genghis Khan (Wrath of the Khans) is quite good. If you've listened to it, is the book similar to the podcast? Perhaps they should switch over to Elixir instead. It's somewhat similar to Ruby, but the performance of the Erlang VM (BEAM) is second to one for multithreaded and multiprocessed workflows, as is usually the case for many clients on a server for a web app. Of course, Elixir is not as fast as say Rust or perhaps even Java for raw computational work, but I'd say the tradeoff is worth it. This approach was coined as "forced empathy"[0] by Chris Voss, author of the book on negotiating Never Split the Difference[1]. I would highly recommend reading it. Blackswan LTD is the consulting group he made based on his experiences, also mentioned in the book. [0] https://blog.blackswanltd.com/the-edge/the-1-tactic-for-nego... [1] https://info.blackswanltd.com/never-split-the-difference https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JfNAbUX_lN9K3MCNHO15... SEEKING WORK | US East Coast | Remote Full Stack Engineer with experience in machine learning as well. I have particular skill in melding backend machine learning and big data processing services and APIs (usually Python/Node) with a great frontend experience, usually in React. Frontend - React (Redux, Hooks etc) - Typescript (ES6+ and all the other JS build tools like Babel, Webpack etc :) ) - GraphQL Backend - Node / Express - MongoDB, Postgres - Elixir / Phoenix Machine Learning - Python - Tensorflow / Keras - Apache Spark DevOps - AWS / Lambda / Google Cloud - Ansible - Terraform - Docker - Kubernetes Looking for part-time positions, up to 20 hrs/week. Email: satvik@arialabs.io Resume: https://linkedin.com/in/satvikpendem for the latest version, resume reflects the same content as LinkedIn Correct, you can buy the commercial license if you don't want to open source. This is a benefit of AGPL to the creators, and should you choose to open source your product, to the community as well. If you don't have the money, you can negotiate with the creator for the price. Note that this is a pricing/business problem and not a license problem. The creator, knowing your plight, may offer a commercial license for free, or a cheap, negotiated price. Remember the Innovator's Dilemma. Worse is better for new products, because competitors over time add so many features that they become bloated, and so a newer entrant can create a basic version that doesn't have all the features, but it has the top 1 or 2 or even 3 features that most customers want, for a lower price. This usually will win out and the cycle continues :) I've used Fasthub for Android before which was great. There is also a fully libre / FLOSS version that has the paid features added in (which you can do since the entire app is GPL). I remember a Github issue where the creator was mad about it, but well, if you pick GPL you should know what you're getting into. https://github.com/k0shk0sh/FastHub https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.fastaccess.github.libre/ Read Patrick McKenzie's blog. In particular, this: https://training.kalzumeus.com/newsletters/archive/consultin... For one of our classes, we implemented a Google Maps clone, complete with turn by turn navigation as well (although no AI voice, just text). You can do the same if you wish [0]. Note that this project took us a semester, it might take you the same amount of time. The main insight is that 2D data can be represented by quad-trees, like binary trees but with 4 branches rather than two. This enables you to break up a square are into 4 parts, one for each branch, and further subdivide them. In each branch, you can store some information, such as a location or city. If there are two in a leaf, you break them down until there is only one piece of information in each leaf. This is just one type of quad-tree, there are others. Some subdivide each square evenly, some don't. Curiously, you can do the same sort of thing with oct-trees, with 8 leaves. In general it seems that for whatever number of dimensions N, you need a 2^N ary tree to represent its internal data. A binary tree works for a 1D line, everything to the left of the line and right of the line (this is how binary search works); quad-trees for northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest; oct-trees for those four, plus front and back; and so on. [0] http://www.cs.umd.edu/users/meesh/420/ProjectBook/ www.refactoringui.com/book is a great book/course that I used for designing my apps. I find that as well. I've also read Book of Why but it's difficult to know when and how to use them. Perhaps it's just more practice of writing causal diagrams, as Pearl seems to do with ease, just due to the years of practice he's had. Something like programming, I guess. I am not sure if this is covered in the podcast, but from the title, I wonder if in deep neural net research there are papers and implementations of a system 1 and 2 like model. One part of the neural net could be system 1 for fast decision making, and other could be system 2, with more deliberate analysis. They could communicate over some shared medium. The browser becomes the VM for all apps. I've been tinkering with React Native and it looks like you can do something quite similar to Proton Native here, while also targeting mobile platforms. Here is how you can cover the gamut of platforms: - iOS and Android - React Native - Web - React Native Web - macOS - Apple's Project Catalyst (run iPad apps on macOS) - Windows - React Native Windows by Microsoft - Linux - none yet, you could use Electron but that's undesirable Perhaps one could instead use Proton Native for desktop and React Native for mobile, I wonder what the code sharing capabilities are for that. I love Udemy. I've learned so much from their courses, including React and Flutter most recently. Our employer has an unlimited subscription which is great for checking out a lot of these courses, I definitely don't watch every single one available however, but enrolling in a few courses of the same topic shows me what's possible with some technology and which teacher is the best. I personally prefer Andrew Mead's courses as he actually waits for you to complete a part by yourself before moving on, which I don't see as concretely with other teachers like Girder or Schwarzmüller, who sometimes say to try it on your own, but Mead actually has a moment where you can pause the video and try it, built into the course. With regards to not having informational density, I've solved this problem by downloading the courses locally [0] and watching them at 4x speed. In a browser, you could set `querySelector("video").playbackRate = 4`, but since the video changes every few minutes, especially at high speed, this isn't too useful. I've actually made a Chromium extension that changes the video/audio playback speed globally since I watch a lot of YouTube at 4x speed as well [1], but again it isn't smart enough to detect when an underlying video source has changed. Therefore, I use a local player, SMPlayer in specific [2], which is an mpv-based player. The problem, however, is that Chrome is very good at allowing you to understand voices at high speed, and nearly every other player, such as Firefox [3] and others, do not. This seems to be because they saccade the audio, where they skip parts of it, so that it sounds tinny or not understandable (edit: looks like it's fixed in Firefox!). Chrome does not use this approach. I've tried loading playlists into Chrome for this exact purpose, to simply use it as a video player, but the tab crashes because the video files are too large. Now, we return to the local player, SMPlayer. SMPlayer, as it uses mpv, is able to pass any command line options to mpv. In this case, we are able to change the time-stretching amount by ourselves instead of waiting for Firefox or another player to do so. To do so, go to Options -> General -> Multimedia Engine: mpv, and then Options -> Advanced -> MPlayer/mpv tab -> Options: --speed=4, Audio filters: scaletempo=stride=10. You can play around with the speed and stride, but for the stride, around 8-20 sounds good [4]. It's still not as good as Chrome but it's usable and understandable. I wonder if there's a full way to solve this bug. Edit: Looks like from [3], someone figured out that you can use the following filters with mpv as well. This just adds the overlap and search arguments in the audio filters. This sounds significantly better than without the overlap and search arguments as above, Chrome level basically. mpv --af=scaletempo=stride=8:overlap=1:search=10 --speed=4 test.mp3 Anyway, hopefully this helps others move through content faster. You might balk at 4x, but you need to start at something smaller, like 2x, before gradually moving up in speed. I like experiencing content at high speeds personally, and I use similar hacks for other media as well, such as audiobooks and podcasts. For audiobooks (on Android), I use a fork of the Voice Audiobook player [5] which supports speeds up to 6x because the original author did not seem to want to raise the maximum listening rate, citing simplicity concerns for most people. As well, it also seems like only AntennaPod goes up to 4x for podcasts, most podcast players I've seen only go to 3x [6]. [0] Udeler - https://github.com/FaisalUmair/udemy-downloader-gui [1] Speed - https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/speed-global-video... [2] SMPlayer - https://www.smplayer.info/ [3] Firefox bug with time-stretching - https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1427267 [4] SMPlayer solution for time-stretching - https://forum.smplayer.info/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=9069 [5] Voice Audiobook Player fork - https://github.com/brandonocasey/Voice [6] AntennaPod - https://antennapod.org/ I've found this person's courses [0] to be very high quality, and they go through pretty advanced topics, such as convolutional neural networks for natural language processing, which might be to your point. [0] https://deeplearningcourses.com/course_order The word "gif" now means both the format GIF, and also any generic short, looping video on the Internet. As a result, you can just use a webm or other format, as Gfycat does, since it's highly compressible and no viewer actually cares about the underlying format, only the content. https://nextjs.org/ It's a server side rendered framework for React. It can also do static sites but doesn't have as many plugins as Gatsby JS, which focuses on static site building with React. I am looking into a Threadripper 3990x (64 cores) with Proxmox, which is free, rather than dealing with licensing with ESXi and all that. Literally has not meant what you perceive it to mean, as a wholly intentional and really existing condition, since at least the 18th century. Your response seems to nitpick to the point of pedantry, rather than addressing the steel-manned version of the argument, or even necessarily arguing the argument itself. That would honestly be preferable. It cuts down the noise, however Facebook-like reactions may seem. If it drives action, no. However, being angry all the time isn't very productive. It's the same principle as adrenalin. https://web.archive.org/web/20150928214855/http://news.ycomb... I found this Hacker News simulator in the archive. You could also look into /r/subredditsimulator for related stuff. It's a hard question to answer. It's healthy in that it encourages discussion due to skeptics of all kinds. However, it can get very pedantic at times, where some people nitpick not over the post itself but some non-pertinent detail about the post, such as the title, website loading speed, trackers, and so on; the content metadata, as it were, rather than the content itself. This is quite annoying to read through. If I were to make a new forum, I'd want something like the following stipulations for posters: - Steel-man all arguments: consider the best possible interpretation of the argument, and if you need to, consider playing the devil's advocate not only for the post you are replying to, but also your own post. I've written a lot of philosophy papers and they strongly advocate this point, that you must consider each and every single counter objection. I know that HN rules include consideration of the best possible interpretation, but it may not be enforced strictly enough. - Do not comment if you cannot do the above. This includes short one sentence comments that should be permitted if they truly and exemplarily contribute to the conversation, such as a necessary piece of information. Too often I see pithy quotes or humor, which, while interesting, are not very suitable to argumentation in the formal sense. - Focus on the main content, not metadata. As above, many posters comment on something that is not part of the content but its metadata. This goes hand in hand with the "best possible interpretation" clause. If you so feel the need to nitpick over the title, do so only after addressing the content at hand. How does one achieve this? People run on incentives, so the design of the forum must incentivize people to act in this way. On one end you have Twitter, which incentivizes short, flame-baiting "hot takes" over long-form discussion. This is inherently and entirely due to the _design_ of the site alone, where the 140 (now 280) character limit creates these incentives. On the other hand, you have academic paper communities, which incentivize understanding long-form content lest a reader misunderstands a paper, creates an opposing paper, publishes it, and is socially ridiculed for not having noticed the misunderstanding sooner. In other words, the design of the forum incentivizes the reader to digest content fully. The hypothetical forum would stand somewhere in the middle. Now, to achieve this in practice, versus theory, there are certain designs you can have to do so: - Strict moderation. This is similar to the moderation levels of /r/AskScience or /r/AskHistorians on Reddit where low-effort comments and even branches are removed. This is the easiest to implement technologically but also the hardest sociologically, due to needing manpower and choosing acceptable moderators. - No downvoting, and no showing numbers of votes. HN does this well to some extent, but you still see branches downvoted for differing opinions. Perhaps one can only downvote or report posts with a rational reason, basically held to the same standards as if they were to reply to it. - Randomizing content to a certain degree. HN and Reddit have algorithms to do this so that the top-most content is not always shown. - Sorting and filtering any and all posts based on content and votes. This is more of a convenience feature but I wish more sites could let you sort and filter by certain tags or number of votes, and by date, like reddit and HN with the Algolia search. That's what I've thought of for now, I know it doesn't exactly answer your question but these were a few things that annoy me about most fora. Yeah I suppose they are different modes, I see comments exclusively nitpicking things without any other discussion, and I see other comments not doing any nitpicking. The balance is most likely nitpick only after you've addressed the main points, just like in real life. You wouldn't talk to someone and only comment on their grammar for example, without discussion the content of what they're talking about. The version is called 2004 so presumably April 2020 unless there are delays due to COVID-19. Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki was also quite interesting, it's all about the feeling of detached loneliness and trying to rectify it, in this case due to some catastrophic incident, but loneliness nonetheless. I also liked his What I Talk About When I Talk About Running, it's more philosophical and about the progress of art, the nature of creation. Hasura can run as a Backend as a Service, ie standalone with a direct connection to your database and nothing else. For custom queries you can use Hasura Actions. Prisma and others like Apollo server are libraries you need to add to your Node app, ie not standalone. They give you more customization because you control the entire server and what functions to run. The difference is just in how custom you want it and how much setup you don't want to do. Like ? Or something more complex? What's the problem exactly? I assume you looked into putting that input element inside a dialog element and it didn't work, is that the issue? Yes, landing pages are places where you can use static HTML, CSS, and JS. However, React (and similar frameworks) might still be better, especially with a landing page with multiple parts. This is because React combines two different paradigms, one of creation and one of distribution. In creation, React breaks up large parts into smaller components. In distribution, it renders them at runtime, not build time (with a standard create-react-app app). However, there is no reason to have both at once. Components make the page easy to reason about, and they can be used to compile a site at build time, as Svelte does. React also has its own libraries for this, like Gatsby and Next JS. You do say that the landing pages have low volume but they can certainly grow to encompass a larger amount of things, such as multiple feature pages or a blog, so I'd rather not rewrite everything later on. You could also use Web Components but they don't have as much support and are generally not as good as React (one can disagree of course), so I like to use React + Gatsby to build the pages at compile time and use them without any Javascript whatsoever [0] but still have the developer experience of creating a page via components. [0] https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-no-javascrip... It looks very Flutter-like, with Column, Text, and other elements. It seems it renders to canvas potentially, not sure though, if that's how the cross platform compatibility works, also like Flutter. I notice that in many of these GUI frameworks that effort is duplicated. Flutter creates a lot of widgets for iOS and Android, but if you don't want to use Dart, we'll, you'll have to reimplement those widgets yourself again. Instead, what should happen is that they should compile to a standard format, most likely WASM, and then you can use any language (that targets WASM, which I think will be most of them in the future) to interface with those widgets or components. They can be in the form of a canvas renderer such as Skia, which is what Google uses for Chrome and Flutter, and also used by some other GUI projects like Revery for ReasonML. This way, there's one common format and people can write the functionality code in whatever language they'd like. Not to the same extent though. Usually they're provided as mixins which can be useful but aren't as powerful because there is programmaticity to them, they simply output HTML without consideration for the life cycle of a site, if any. Again, useful if your site is simple, but anything more and it gets complicated, even for a landing page as these days landing pages have a lot more dynamic parts. OpenGL would be cool. Skia is nice because it's designed for UI as opposed to other uses. I'm not sure what other alternatives for Skia exist however. These days, I simply don't. I used to have multiple ways of storing content but I found that they were write only, as I never went back and read what I was storing. These days, I simply read the article now or don't bother with it, rather than procrastinating on reading it. Just use a web extension like Dark Reader, it renders dark mode for all pages. I use GraphQL for most new projects nowadays and I like the types and fetching only what you need, if that's what you're talking about. For applications it's actually quite good, if you use the WASM renderer instead of the DOM based one. I say for applications and not websites as this method will not have any SEO since it renders onto a canvas element. It does have accessibility as Flutter constructs a separate semantic tree on top that accessibility devices can read. So Flutter Web is pretty nice if you're not making a forum for example but moreso any type of CRUD or business app where text is not a big factor. Of course, since it's Flutter you can then build mobile and desktop apps as well from your application for those who want more control. Looks like a few people are starting to create their own budgeting apps. I've seen Lunch Money in the space for multi-currency support. I'm also building an app, using Flutter and some backend server/database, haven't decided yet. Main features I'm thinking about: - Open source, self hostable with a paid hostable subscription option that syncs to different devices. Unfortunately one time payments don't really cut it for sustained development. - Native performing clients for web, mobile, and desktop (iOS, Android, Windows, macOS, Linux are all supported by Flutter, but the app will not necessarily have native UI though). This can be done through Flutter which compiles ahead of time without running on a JS VM like Electron or React Native. Hopefully you should get good performance. - On the feature side of things, rolling daily/weekly/monthly budgets, with the envelope system where you allocate a budget per day/week/month and try not to go over it. If you do, you'll have to pull from another budget. Also gonna have a way to budget for some event in the future, and split up that amount into timeperiod based increments. For example, if you estimate you want to take a 6k vacation in a year, the app would help you budget 500 a month. - Undecided on whether it should be manual transaction entry only or whether it should integrate with banks, Venmo, and the like. Some people like one, and not the other. - Analysis over timescales and categories. Especially annoying in Mint to mark a merchant like "AMZN" into "Amazon" and not have it propagate across all findings of the word "AMZN". - Similar to analysis, have forecasting as to what I might spend in the future. This can be from recurring transactions, pattern recognition and the like. - Have good splits. Other apps don't let you split money easily, if from Venmo or whatnot. If I split dinner with a friend, I don't want to see that I've spent all of it in my food budget, only that I actually spent half and my friend recompensated me. What else would you want? I have, at least for the free trial amount. It didn't really stick for me, because of no mobile app so I can't add transactions on the go, and the budgets just seemed...forgiving? I want to control my spending, I don't want to be told it's okay and that I can spend more. At least for me, I want hard cut offs. It's a fine service, it just didn't work for me necessarily. I also don't use their multi-currency support as I don't travel or have multiple currencies. Do you have a link to this Money app, or perhaps a news source? I only found the older desktop version from some time age when searching Microsoft Money app. Just note that if you're making something that needs to rebuild, such as a blog, it will take time for new pages to build into static sites. You can get around this by making template files into which the API will dump data. I would advise you check out Gatsby for JAMStack, they seem to be the best for this stack currently. Thanks Jen, looking forward to it. I've heard about your story from IndieHackers, very inspiring, it made me want to create an app for my budgeting needs as well. That may be true for you, but I like the flow of the kiosks, where I can take my time and not be rushed, and I don't have to interact with someone just to take an order. I'm not sure why it has to be a process that requires a human at all, just to be a cashier. Regarding 1, skeumorphism looks fake, because it is, since we're not using physical controls on a digital device anymore, so the metaphors are not as useful. Vector art, as you say, is less physical but conforms to digital devices better. Now neumorphism is up and coming, but I think it still looks bad, for the same reasons as skeumorphism. What do people think of services like www.undraw.co, or www.humaaans.com? I like them, even if they are overused. I think we're beginning to see an evolution of this style to start using more gradients, as we did about 10 years ago: - community - https://dribbble.com/shots/11051166-community - Miracle - https://dribbble.com/shots/10836129-Miracle - Together - https://dribbble.com/shots/10804716-Together You should check out Flutter then, it compiles to native machine code for mobile and desktop (Android, iOS, Windows, macOS, Linux are all supported with native compilation), and uses WASM for web. It's a much more performant solution than Electron. Only thing is the official Flutter desktop implementations are unstable for production, but there are unofficial implementations which are stable [0] [1]. You can use those until the official implementation is stable. You can also use Dart's FFI if you want but since it's compiled instead of interpreted like JS and Electron, you probably don't need to, the performance will be there. You also said you don't like the layout system, but there are packages for that [2]. Let me know what else you would find annoying, there are usually packages for most things. There are even algebraic data types in Dart through code generation. [0] https://github.com/flutter-rs/flutter-rs [1] https://github.com/go-flutter-desktop/go-flutter [2] https://github.com/ReinBentdal/styled_widget I can't see a Rust framework becoming one of the top web frameworks simply by virtue that Rust is more complex to learn and implement than Javascript. However, I can see your second point coming true, a fully native framework that eschews the DOM by compiling directly onto a canvas, just as a game compiled with WASM would. The prime example is Flutter Web, which has an experimental WASM renderer that displays onto a canvas. Of course, now they have to reimplement all of the functionality such as scrolling, accessibility and so on. It also somewhat addresses your second point, where you can compile to iOS and Android but also to the web so you can make a Flutter app a progressive web app. You can't say yes or no without qualifying your statement. What software specifically is worth getting a Mac for, for you? Google Glass is still used for enterprise. https://www.google.com/glass/start/ I see this concern a lot with Flutter or similar WASM -> canvas frameworks, and I think it's unfounded. Just because it's a canvas doesn't mean there's no accessibility. Indeed, even desktop apps are canvas like in that one cannot view the source and they can render using similar frameworks like Skia, or even Skia itself, yet they still have accessibility. Flutter's developers have specifically included accessibility settings that devs should use, such as Semantics widgets, just like aria labels for the web. Flutter also constructs a separate semantic DOM like tree that screen readers hook into. So there are both built in things and things that devs can use to make their projects more accessible. This video shows more about it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWbBgbmAdQs https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-local... https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/Semantics-class.html Looks good. I follow this 16 year old on Twitter named Ethan, and he's built something similar: https://kanbanmail.app . I know of him due to his prevalence in the indie maker community, and he streams his development on Twitch sometimes. What are you (hypothetically) building? You may not need VC as that isn't the only path to a software business. Many do so by simply making them profitable, charging money up front. Only take VC if you have an exponential growth opportunity. I don't mean merely superlinear, as in cubic or quadratic, but actually exponential growth. Your question seems to be searching for such an answer as the Indie Hackers forum, touted as founders (some solo, some groups) building profitable internet businesses. Exactly, think of these apps as more of a lead generation service, or a search engine even, and being on their platform, even losing money, is akin to taking out search engine ads. Sure, perhaps the first few times people you lose money, but you might gain more long term by having repeat customers, who may even order directly once they see how much they spend in service fees at the end of the receipt. I know I definitely have. The inclusion of algebraic data types, coming from someone who uses TypeScript on the frontend and functional languages on the backend, already makes Rust the best choice for me, and conversely makes Go a non-starter. Rust definitely takes longer but I've been learning it through the Book and also by doing the exercises on Exercism [0]. The exercises really help in understanding, as for example, I didn't understand borrowing too well until doing the prime number generator problem, using a sieve of Eratosthenes which can use a mutable vector of previous primes. [0] https://exercism.io/tracks/rust Apparently hyper focus can be a symptom of ADHD, and many people on HN seem to have realized they have ADHD as an adult through such symptoms. Perhaps you too could look into this. Use something like the Dark Reader extension, as I do. In the article they say they want to make 2k MRR in 2 months so it seems like there's some external pressure present. You can even compile your own custom kernel for it. I've had to do so in order to run some modules that the WSL 2 kernel currently doesn't have. That's interesting, I'm making something similar ( https://getartemis.app ). A lot of calendars don't seem to solve the issues of using tasks as events, as one does with time blocking. Then, tasks can't be easily moved around, duplicated, and so on, they're rigid on the calendar. It annoyed me so much that I wanted to make something myself. Something similar is Revery, written in ReasonML (OCaml) [0]. I saw some comments here about a WASM renderer-based editor, I think there is something in Flutter that is similar, where Flutter uses Skia to render its components. [0] https://github.com/revery-ui/revery You could use Flutter. It has the first point, but I am not necessarily sure about the latter ones. I tried using this a few months ago, as well as React Native for mobile and React Native Web for web, and I felt like they were all just hacks glued together to get cross-platform support, and RN isn't even native, it still includes a Javascript bridge. Build dependencies and packages were a nightmare, things continuously broke. I tried Flutter afterwards and it just felt like a breath of fresh air. Everything "just worked", on all the platforms I tested it on: web, iOS, Android, Windows, Mac, and Linux. Updates on one are hot reloaded to another. In contrast, Expo sometimes just broke. This was all wrapped up in one package instead of needing to use separate build chains for each platform. I wonder if React Native can do all of this officially, but I suppose that's not their prerogative, given that RN is mostly used by Facebook for apps and these other platform efforts are by third parties, like Microsoft here. I've seen both uses of the term "native"; it's an overloaded term. Some use it to mean "native UI", and others use it to mean "natively compiled". I meant it in the latter case. I actually prefer wholly custom UI, as most apps do these days that are cross-platform, because it allows for very interesting user experiences. Of course, some people disagree, wanting everything to be native-looking and feeling to their platform, such as Linux apps all using GTK or macOS all using Cocoa. I suppose Flutter is Dart's killer app, since you're comparing frameworks and languages. Rails is to Ruby as Flutter is to Dart, as it were. I suggest you give it a try. Personally, this felt like the "killer" feature to me, fully advanced animations that I'm not sure are possible on native widget based frameworks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCyoHclCqc8 Yes, Flutter is useful for when you have GUI heavy apps, not necessarily ones with platform integration like menu bars and cameras, although that is progressing pretty well I'd say, people are writing plugins for platform capabilities. Regarding Windows and Linux, I too was surprised at how well everything worked. You can't build to production yet for these two platforms (officially at least, see flutter-rs for unofficial implementations), but the debug builds still work as well as the Android and iOS emulators. I used them on a lower powered machine to run my Flutter apps and it was great that they worked well. In contrast, https://www.simplethread.com/cant-replace-redux-with-hooks/ https://daveceddia.com/context-api-vs-redux/ https://medium.com/javascript-scene/do-react-hooks-replace-r... TL;DR Context can replace some but not all of Redux. Redux can figure out which components to rerender based on what's being computed. Context doesn't, so it's basically the same as refreshing your entire component tree every time something changes. You could build it yourself, but at that point, you're just reinventing Redux. I also like the Redux Toolkit ( https://redux-toolkit.js.org/ ) which is an opinionated way to write Redux that cuts down the boilerplate a lot. createSlice is easily one of the best features, you can encapsulate Redux logic for each different type of content, like authentication, users, posts, etc. Flutter has a few different state management techniques, and even a Redux implementation. Provider is the most commonly used one. For Redux with React, you could check out Redux Toolkit ( https://redux-toolkit.js.org/ ). It solves a lot of the boilerplate issues with Redux. createSlice is especially valuable. Sounds like Agile to me. The book should mention that one should use rust-analyzer rather than RLS as the code completion engine in VSCode. The former is much better. Thanks for your Elixir tutorials! For those who don't know, Alchemist Camp is a YouTube channel and website for learning Elixir: https://alchemist.camp Static compilation of JS into a binary is also being worked on (albeit slowly) with `deno compile`[0]. This is the feature I'm most looking forward to personally, goodbye JS slowness. [0] https://github.com/denoland/deno/issues/986 Ah that's disappointing. i wonder if there is any work to create a JS compiler. This is probably a better article directly from Microsoft: https://devblogs.microsoft.com/directx/directx-heart-linux/ OpenCL, DirectX and CUDA all seem to be available for GPU acceleration on WSL. One other exciting thing is GPU accelerated GUI Linux apps on Windows. You may not need an X server anymore. I'm looking forward to using i3 on Windows. I would hate to have microtransactions on the web, could you imagine paying to see every webpage? It doesn't even have to be a large amount, just the psychology of free versus paid is quite powerful to compel the user to not use as much for fear of overspending. I can see it being useful for small transactions such as services but not in the general web. I can block ads. I can't block micro transactions. But that's not even my main objection, it's more that people will explore the internet less if it's paid per page, and in doing so, the diversity of websites is diminished and the major players become further entrenched. See related, the Dribbbilization of design (2013): https://www.intercom.com/blog/the-dribbblisation-of-design I'm not even sure how Glitch makes money. It's a useful free tool to spin up a server or full stack app quickly but I don't see anyone using it in production. It befalls a similar fate as CodeSandbox, but at least CSB can be used as an online editor similar to Microsoft's GitHub Workspaces. Also hilarious is the opposite, French being used in English feels more sophisticated. It just has un je ne sais quoi about it. I see other commentors saying book clubs as primarily social gatherings and about the book second. This strikes me as odd. If you want a social gathering, why have the pretense of reading books, just organize the social gathering, perhaps a weekly meeting at the local pub or someone's home. When I attend book clubs, it's about the literary aspects of the book first and any social interaction is incidental, such as if I really like another person's opinions, I'll go chat with them afterwards. Indeed, I would be particularly annoyed if I spent time reading a book and went to discuss it, and all I got were people not talking about the book, either in depth or at least shallowly, and I'd find another book club. In regards to the ongoing nature of book clubs, discussing every chapter, I think is is a great idea, and the best avenue I've seen it happen through is a medium like Reddit (or Tildes.net), with a nested forum post for each chapter that people can not only look back on now but in the future. Indeed, r/bookclub and even other media related subreddits, like r/anime or your favorite TV show like r/gameofthrones, have such weekly threads for reading or rewatching the requisite media. This feels to me the best way to accomplish the author's goals. Of course, there is no real social interaction, but again, if you want social interaction, go to a social event that is explicitly (or sufficiently implicitly) stated that it is for socialization, such as a pub gathering. No one's going to be reading books with their friends at a pub. I found this while searching reddit: https://www.old.reddit.com/r/books/comments/3ibtw5/the_many_... If that's the case, why have a "book" club at all, rather than make a social gathering? Let me be clear in that I also attend social events, but they're called social events on the face of it. If I'm attending a book club, I expect to talk about books. Yes, I agree with you. If I'm at a book club, I'd go to discuss books, and socializing comes second, as in if I like someone's opinion I'll hang out with them afterwards. If I want a social gathering, I'll just call a social gathering together with my friends with no pretense of another activity. What about going to a party? That is a purely social event without any hobby attached to it. Hell, you can find random parties to attend on Meetup or similar if you really wanted, which I've gone to. That's understandable. I wish there were a way of separating these two types of book clubs then, a casual versus hardcore variety. I think by doing so, fewer people would be disappointed when it turns out to be the opposite variety of what they expected. Thanks for your viewpoint, it helped me understand the idea better. Sure, and I now understand the dichotomy. Some people are expecting book clubs to be casual and others hardcore. Our definitions are not the same so our conclusions as to what book clubs should be are also not the same. I like both approaches but I like them to be delineated. If I'm with my friends I can appreciate it being a social gathering with a theme, but if I attend a "hardcore" book club, well, I expect it to be hardcore, talking about the book itself for most of the time. I said this in another comment, hope it clarifies my understanding: Sure, I get smalltalk, and I now understand the dichotomy of book club types. Some people are expecting book clubs to be casual and others hardcore. Our definitions are not the same so our conclusions as to what book clubs should be are also not the same. I like both approaches but I like them to be delineated. If I'm with my friends I can appreciate it being a social gathering with a theme, but if I attend a "hardcore" book club, well, I expect it to be hardcore, talking about the book itself for most of the time. Nice, this is like an open-source Firebase Authentication. I was wondering whether such a solution existed because, even as Firebase Auth is free for unlimited users, it still is a hosted service whose terms could change at any time. How many pen companies are there? And yet, people still make pens. It's the same with competition. Don't worry about it as inevitably you'll be making different choices throughout building and selling your product that won't be replicated by others. Some customers will like your choices over other companies', and that's why they'll stay your customers. Just do this but for other job sites and aggregate. You seem to know Pieter Levels from your Make book reference, and I'm not sure if Remote Ok has an RSS feed or Slack notifications but this could be a pretty useful feature for that. Also add categories and keywords to filter by for Upwork jobs if you haven't already. Contact Upwork users directly and message them about your product. Do things that don't scale as they say. I'd say contact maybe 500 people and see the response and subsequent sales. You could also contact marketers so they can post their jobs on your platform perhaps. There are many ways for future development it seems to me. You can email me if you want more advice, I run a SaaS as well ( https://getartemis.app ) and I do some of these marketing tips I talk about. Reminds me of StaticKit ( https://statickit.com ) by Derrick Reimer who built Drip and co-hosts the Art of Product podcast. There might be some interesting lessons if you listen to their podcast, many of Reimer's insights on static site forms are made public through it. In SaaS, you're not going to find many products that don't use trackers and are open source, as much as that may be philosophically interesting to see. I actually want a SaaS company to track my behavior so they see what's wrong, fix bugs, and improve the product as a whole. Similarly, in the Western world, the most popular name seems to be some form of John. Well hopefully people find it too annoying to use deno modules and we get some sanity in development. From this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5O2Yjn3OXRk Actually it seems to have started as Yohanan, Yo coming from Yahweh (god in Hebrew), and hanan (gracious). Well they don't have to, but I think most companies are not going to spend time and money creating their own tracking tool like Hotjar and screen recording when they could spend those resources on their own product. Comparative economic advantages and all that. Interesting, I haven't listened to the latest episodes. Netlify already has forms, as do other vendors, so I don't see too much of a use for StaticKit, unless you host your site on your own servers rather than a CDN. You can make a pure CSS theme toggle as well. You can even use SVG to do it with a custom animation. https://codepen.io/demilad/pen/bZRjpb Yes but sometimes I want a choice. For example, I use the Dark Reader extension with a pure #000 background. Many dark modes use some grey or other non-black hue, which can be quite annoying, so I usually turn them to light mode and then Dark Reader can properly convert the light theme into my preferred black theme. Wow that looks great, I might give it a go. Where is the screen recording feature, I saw it was advertised on the landing page but don't see it on the demo. Also is it open source? What do you think about all of the advances that happened in your time, especially with what machine learning is capable of these days (fully artificial human faces, for one)? Any advice (technical or life) for us younger people? Are there opportunities for partial remote, or WFH when you want but go into the office sometimes as well? In my case I'd like to live in the city and go in but also work from a coffee shop or at home on certain days, to get some variety. Sounds good, Patrick. You'll be seeing my application later this year :) I've been using Windows and before I'd get a Linux VM, but now I can just do it through WSL. Yes, technically WSL and Windows itself runs on Hyper-V (a type 1 hypervisor) as VMs, albeit with virtualized GPU passthrough. I use WSL on my laptop, but on my desktop, I use Proxmox with Windows, macOS and Linux VMs, each with their own GPU passed through with one for the host. Makes it super nice to see all three OS on one ultrawide monitor, especially if I'm testing desktop apps (usually written in Flutter). I couldn't really navigate your blog easily. Any posts you'd like to point me to that you think are good? Audiobooks at 4x speed while walking or other menial activities. Sounds right to me. The vast majority of people are expecting the movie rather than the time period, so of course Google would show the movie's length. Paul Graham says that many of the biggest companies initially start out as toys, or solve small problems [0]. Gates and Allen thought about whether they could create a BASIC interpreter and sold it, for example, and used that to eventually create Windows. You can't know whether your company will be a billion dollar one ahead of time, unless you're really working in a large problem space, such as biotech, space exploration, etc, but it doesn't look like you are. Therefore, just solve the problems you have, make money (preferably without raising venture capital), then use that money to fund your business and hire employees. Check out Indie Hackers for more examples of profitable internet businesses [1]. [0] http://www.paulgraham.com/startupideas.html [1] www.indiehackers.com This is because an engineer's interest is not in the actual writing, but the creation of such a blog. To such engineers, I'd say that this is fine, but don't delude yourself into thinking that these are necessary steps to writing when there are much simpler ways, such as Medium or Wordpress as you say. I've been reading this for the past few days, it's been really great! It's curated, and you can click on each one to expand the list. That's on Substack, not the creator, you can click the "Let me read it first" link to see the articles. What is annoying, and understandable based on your perspective, is that clicking the link doesn't change the URL (it's entirely client side routing) so that OP couldn't have posted just the articles but had to make it show the email form first. The book Blockchain Revolution covers this well. It postulates a decentralized autonomous organization (a bot, basically) that controls its money and can trade with other bots via smart contracts in cryptocurrency and self improve via machine learning. Its goal is to maximize profit, which it can do in various ways, both savory and unsavory to the human race. The mentor feature is basically useless, there are way too many people using Exercism for mentors to be able to contact each and every one of them. Your best bet is to just do the exercises themselves and search for any errors. What do you do if your app is cross platform, for example iOS, Android, potentially a web app as well? Unfortunately, without static typing, I can't use Elixir, no matter how good they say Dialyzer is. I've been using Rust these days because it has algebraic data types. That is what I said, that I can't use Elixir. And I have used Elixir before, often learning via your tutorials. This comes just from my personal experience, not to be taken as a dismissal of the language as a whole. Of course, many people use Elixir and Erlang, and Whatsapp even built a 50 billion dollar business out of it before acquisition. You can use free stock sites like Unsplash, Pexels, etc. Are you referring to more specific stock photo shots? Time in the market beats timing the market. If you continue to invest regularly even in a down market you will eventually make more than those who target peaks and dips. With regards to interviews, there is no free lunch. Interviewees don't want to do at least one of the following: 1. Data structures and algorithm questions - they don't want to study for months 2. Take home exercises - they don't want to spend hours unpaid without knowing whether they got the job 3. GitHub / Stack Overflow / Open source contributions - they don't want to code outside of work One last one, paid interviews about the work itself, may be untenable for employers to pay every single interviewee. Yeah even for this, if you already have a job, you can't quit your current to work full time for this other job without even getting the actual job. Correct, however most people don't have the discipline or money to put in all their money in the beginning of the year, or whenever they get it. It's better to automate the habit of deposits rather than not doing so. You can even construct memory palaces which are very easy to learn. I still remember them from 10 years ago. What's wrong with being open source but also for profit? I'd rather they be open source, make money and be sustainable than be closed source. At least this way I know I can continue using it if any unwanted changes are made, perhaps via someone forking it, and also continue to self host it. https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=asvetlia... This is using a real neovim instance rather than emulation, and performance is excellent for me. Agreed. Open source has a specific definition. People shouldn't repurpose it to mean something it's not, however close it may be. I'm not against the business model of blocking cloud vendors, it's your code if you wrote it, do whatever you want, but don't call it open source, call it something else. You can have an open source SaaS, they're not mutually exclusive. Sure, it might be better to bootstrap their product then rather than taking VC (which I know is the point of the article but I digress). Actual revenue will validate whether their product can work or not, and VC can definitely obscure this validation. Have you seen Superhuman? This already occurs currently. Most systems that beat humans already use much less than 25 watts. I write daily, through a Markdown file for each day. The sections include: - Dreams: recording dreams to enhance lucid dreaming - Notes: daily notes about what I'm thinking - Plan: nested todo list of what I need to do today - Next: what I need to do tomorrow or later. This is copied into the next day's Plan section, so tasks roll over if not done - Research: things I want to research. I write them down here so I don't waste time if I think of something interesting and want to follow up later. Lists require a new line between each item: - One - Two HN does implement Markdown to some extent, such as lists, italics , quotes, code blocks, etc. I can make lists just fine: - One - Two And quotes Good work. I've been following Hello Code (the company that makes this) and Exist (another app of theirs) as well as your podcast for a few years now, nice to see you're making 5 figures MRR! Rust is great. However, because of the ease of creating crates (packages), it seems to be beginning to suffer the same fate as Node and node_modules, with authors bringing in crates (just a `crate install` away) and ending up with ludicrous compile times for the end users. People use code blocks as quotes quite often, much to the chagrin of mobile users, but nonetheless, their being used as quotes make them de facto quotes on this site. With regards to lists, as I can create them, that's all that matters, again the formatting doesn't need to be special, it just needs to exist. Yes, as this is the main reason that Facebook created GraphQL, it is expensive for mobile phones to query that much data. Something else interesting is that while you begin to write the tailored server side call, and you optimize it, you will end up with something that looks like GraphQL anyway. Looks like the purported range is analogous to stated phone or laptop battery life: ideal and unrealistic. This makes sense because the car is, in fact, run by a battery. I want to get a 240hz ultrawide personally, both for games and instead of having 3 separate monitors (I hate the bezels between them). Samsung is making a good one, 49 inches, HDR 1000, 240hz, and adaptive sync [0] https://www.anandtech.com/show/15396/sausng-odyssey-2020-mon... Yes, and even with React, one can use a static site generator to turn it into HTML, CSS, and minimal JS, so I don't see any reason not to use React, beyond the oft touted ones. Murakami is great. Have you read his other books? The latest one, Killing Commendatore, was a good read. This is an interesting point. Why does it feel like these blogs are getting shallower? For PG, more of his older blog posts were more interesting than his newer ones, with more concreteness in advice and experiences. The latest ones seem more observational of trends instead, which can be more vague in nature. If I were to ever hire, I'd optimize first for clear, written, long-form asynchronous communication, second for ability for the job at hand, and anything else third. Having hired some freelancers recently, I've found that there is a world of difference between those who can communicate clearly and those who can't. Engagement. The majority of the people that such a blog would be shared with won't read it because it requires clicking an extra link. Tweets can be read in-line. Also, tweets in a tweet thread can be commented on specifically rather than on the blog post entirely. Figma approaches design from an engineer's perspective. They have features like auto layout [0], swapping elements in a list, scaling multiple elements at once while preserving each aspect ratio, and so on. Can you imagine that if designers before this wanted to move an element in a list, they would have to move every single one instead of having some drag and drop swap functionality? That if they wanted to dynamically change a button size for the text inside it, like we can do easily on the web, they simply couldn't? Basically, Figma is turning design more into something like front-end development, doing things in a design program that engineers could do normally with code. This is because the developers of Figma are themselves coders rather than designers, so they know what real ease of use should look like (ironically). This is the fundamental corporate culture shift that is the difference between Figma and others like Sketch. Of course, you could go all the way and simply turn the design software into a web/mobile development framework, which is what software like Framer [1] does, which is literally a design software built on React, and it can spit out React code for you once you're done designing. [0] https://www.figma.com/blog/announcing-auto-layout/ [1] https://www.framer.com/ Figma approaches design from an engineer's perspective. They have features like auto layout [0], swapping elements in a list, scaling multiple elements at once while preserving each aspect ratio, and so on. Can you imagine that if designers before this wanted to move an element in a list, they would have to move every single one instead of having some drag and drop swap functionality? That if they wanted to dynamically change a button size for the text inside it, like we can do easily on the web, they simply couldn't? Basically, Figma is turning design more into something like front-end development, doing things in a design program that engineers could do normally with code. This is because the developers of Figma are themselves coders rather than designers, so they know what real ease of use should look like (ironically). This is the fundamental corporate culture shift that is the difference between Figma and others like Sketch. Of course, you could go all the way and simply turn the design software into a web/mobile development framework, which is what software like Framer [1] does, which is literally a design software built on React, and it can spit out React code for you once you're done designing. [0] https://www.figma.com/blog/announcing-auto-layout/ [1] https://www.framer.com/ That is an odd way to put it if you had read the article. It notes that precisely because Figma was on the web that it was able to have collaboration features, have linkability to specific Figma files, and other such features, and thus serve the customer. As well, I am not sure how they sacrifice speed or usability exactly, when they even use Rust compiled to WASM in order to create the entire UI. I can concede that SaaS can be, in many cases, be merely investor driven, but I cannot concede that Figma is one of those. Even being investor driven, such as having a subscription business plan, is not bad for the customer per se, as a sustainable business is better than a dead one. Software costs money to make, and more importantly, to upkeep and add features too. I am not sure how you can expect one time fees, especially for enterprise software like Figma is (personal plans are free), in this day and age. Not really. The tweeter in this case isn't stopping between each tweet to address comments. It is asynchronous versus the synchronous example you gave. I do want to see less pedantry about the medium and more discussion (and if that includes pedantry, so be it) about the message itself. Sure you may not use the components wholesale but you can still pick out specific parts, such as full CSS code or bezier curves as the sibling poster put it. Something somewhat related is Mighty by Suhail Doshi, cofounder of Mixpanel and eventually pushed out from the CEO position, but that's irrelevant. Mighty is Chrome but prerendered on some powerful machine. Sounds like a parody but it isn't. www.mightyapp.com It really depends on the developer. Look at Star Citizen. Self funded to 300 million dollars and still it seems to be stuck in development hell, with Chris Roberts creating yet more feature creep. I say this as a fan of the game but even I can concede that he wants to make the ultimate space simulation game which just isn't feasible with how long it would take in reality. I think having a free trial is a good idea regardless of in app versus out of app purchases. That it had to be done so hastily is unfortunate, though. Total compensation, includes salary, bonuses, stock, etc. Check www.levels.fyi for more details. Revenue sharing venture capital for small valuations ~tens of millions. TinySeed, Earnest Capital, etc. Wreaks, not wrecks. Not necessarily, TS issues are found in the editor which is where most of the use is. I don't test types only on compile but usually through VSCode itself. Just a note that "bootstrapper VCs" are coming up that fund ideas whose revenue will eventually be in the So this question might have some interesting answers if we take this knowledge into consideration as well, as some of the ideas here could potentially be funded by these VCs even if not by traditional ones. It really is interesting just how much tooling plays a part in a language's success. It has to "just work" without any kind of crazy build steps. Rust with cargo handles this well, as does ReasonML with esy, Elm, and so on. One might ask how NPM succeeded and well, it was the only way to write code on the Web, so people had to use it, one way or another. Those are all grafted on afterwards, and they don't see too much use apart from the people who made them (ie Stripe with sorbet). Compare that to a language that has first-class support for all of these built in. As you learn such language you're forced to learn these concepts as well, so more people in the community use them, thereby increasing their effectiveness through sustained development because they're popular features. This is a bad faith argument, the parent is not saying to use C, but surely you can concede that there are better languages for performance and are useful for web development? Even Node is faster than Python and it's chugging along well in the web dev community. Probably because the domain was cool and similar enough to the stated purpose. Maybe it's a wiki of other people's thoughts.