Is that using the latest mainline kernel? Burning cds/dvds is still a very convenient and dense affordable form of offline storage for backups and/or content hoarding. SD cards are not intended for long-term archival purposes, not 10+ years. They don't go bad per se, but the data on them may not be readable after slowly discharging offline in cold storage for a decade or more. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_rot#In_storage My personal experience has been surprisingly good even with cheap TDK CDRs I burned in the 90s still reading just fine decades later. For especially valuable data you want to preserve for 100+ years, there are "archival quality" discs [0] [1]. [0] http://mam-a-store.com/goldcdr.html [1] https://www.mediasupply.com/mamgold.html The last 10-15 years has transformed Santa Cruz into something I barely recognize anymore. It used to be really great. Abundant free parking, a huge multistory used book store (Logos), and a house turned cozy coffee shop overflowing with college students where you could spend entire days studying/working without going broke (The Perg) and without being a jerk occupying one of the few tables at the Starbucks or Peets. The last time I went there ~2 years ago I couldn't find any free parking other than the grocery store lot, and the coffee shops were hipster cafes without outlets and overpriced everything on very limited menus. At least there's still the Red Room. I'd like to know where the students go to study now instead of The Perg. I hope they're not paying through the nose at Verve Coffee. The free parking had a significant impact on what kind of people you encountered in town. I lived in a redwood forest near the coast at the time, so what Santa Cruz offered in those areas didn't really affect me. I didn't go to Santa Cruz to see redwoods or the ocean, I went for the quirky town and to hang out around interesting people in a nearby urban center (I lived in Butano SP). I guess if you were hostile to hippies living out of their vehicles parking in town and being visible on the sidewalks and at cafes like the perg. The town has changed since then, there's a lot more traffic and yuppies everywhere. The loss of free parking is just one symptom of how the place has changed. There's a lot more people and money now. It's not like the elimination of free parking has reduced the number of cars in town, it's changed the kind of people parking there. The lots still fill up, just instead of run down vans and RVs/buses and beater student vehicles it's more nice expensive vehicles. I fully expect downtown Santa Cruz to look like downtown Burlingame in the future, complete with polished stone pavers for parking spaces. That's the trajectory they're on when I last visited. > Don't live in the redwoods it's why we have fires. And I'm not sure what you're upset about here your nature destroying frontiersman fantasy is still very much alive in Bonny Doon It wasn't illicit, the area around the park isn't well defined and there's plenty of private property out there which the park's trails run straight through. I don't know what you're talking about WRT "frontiersman fantasy", my downtown Santa Cruz complaints have absolutely no relation to a frontiersman fantasy. How long is SLC flash good for? Archival quality optical discs are marketed as having a 300+ year lifespan. I've never viewed SD cards as something appropriate for long-term offline storage, is SLC flash exceptional in this regard? I was comparing the convenience of optical to tape, which is bulky and annoying, and in my experience quite unreliable. You don't even need to personally know CA-17 commuters, just try drive CA-17 during commute hours. Over last 10-15 years it's become very congested. And this doesn't even capture the many tech folks who have the luxury of working either 100% remote or commute to the office once a week. Copious and well run state parks, CA is a really great place to spend time outdoors. The local organic produce is very good too. That's just like, your opinion, man. In my experience when doing illegal modifications the transaction is not only in cash but also 100% off the books; there's no need for POS receipt shenanigans. I'll have to give that a try, I used to use the Kiss My Face 100% olive oil bars before they shut down and were acquired, now their products are awful. I've been using this [0] as a replacement which has been good but the Laurel blend seems to dry my skin more than the straight olive oil KMF bars did. [0] https://www.amazon.com/Aleppo-Soap-Hand-made-All-Natural-12-... I'm not sure what your expectations are, but I've done a lot of hiking and camping across the USA and CA does it pretty well. Typically the fees are proportional to the facilities provided. CA often provides well maintained and regularly cleaned flush toilets and even hot showers at the state parks w/campgrounds, this is far less common in other states. CA does it so well I generally prefer camping there over staying in hotels. It's typically too much of a hassle elsewhere in the country, where KOA "campgrounds" are often the only options with such facilities. I've also done a lot of day hikes in CA state parks where there's no fee. You just park at a trail head and off you go, and these sometimes even have pit toilets at the lot, still with no fee at all. Your perspective strikes me as misinformed. > There are over 100,000 flights daily. They account for about 2.5% of CO2 emissions yearly. The generally accepted emissions weighting factor for aviation co2 emissions is ~2.6. So it's more like 6.5%, and growing fast. This doesn't strike me as sad. What really strikes me as sad is: Despite understanding how inaccessibly distant alternative potentially habitable planets are, people here on earth seem utterly incapable of living sustainably on what will very likely be the only planet their species will ever comfortably inhabit. Presumably the return policies will change once there are no more brick and mortar local mattress stores to buy from. At that point, you'll only be able to buy online, and they won't need to offer returns. You have no choice but to have something delivered, or go without a mattress (my personal preference). I mostly just sleep on an area rug with a head pillow and blankets, sleeping on anything significantly more compliant just bothers my neck and back. You can achieve very similar results with a more elaborate arrangement by going traditional Japanese style, check out tatami mats if curious. Indeed. I regularly burn around $1k/mo when living simply in a cabin on my rural California property, with property taxes under $500/yr. There's a lot of rural California. The combination of modern tech enabling comfortable and connected off-grid living and UBI opens up pretty much all of it for residence, as long as there's a grocery store accessible. I chuckled, but there are actually three road courses in the NASCAR Cup Series. > Kids have nothing to do with it. Kids do tend to consume time which may have otherwise been used for work or work-related personal development. Time is finite, it's not just a binary matter of caring vs. not caring, it's also higher priorities displacing lower ones. > I often think about that when I'm waiting for my meal in a plane, seating in row 33 or higher. Odds are my choice won't be available when they finally get to me. I can choose not to eat, but it's more likely I will end up choosing from what's available. Considering what we've come to understand about the benefits of fasting and the mediocrity of airplane food, you're probably better off skipping the meal. Obligatory Carlin on the topic of voting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIraCchPDhk Edit: American Dream chaser: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-14SllPPLxY > These things are nigh indestructible in my experience. Not in my experience. When new the plastic has enough flex to tolerate some abuse, but that doesn't last very long - especially if exposed to UV. Polypropylene does not like being exposed to direct sunlight. Most used examples I've encountered are brittle and break easily if not already cracked. They're disposable plastic garbage. The broad side needs to face the sun for optimal thermal gain, so they all end up ~parallel to one another, and ~perpendicular to the sun's rays. FWIW I've setup Raspberry Pi W cameras [0] as security and garage door opener (w/relay on GPIO) cameras for friends/family, using MotionEye [1] as the interface. I just use a cheap VPS like Vultr [2] to terminate persistent ssh tunnels from the cameras and run a self-signed https gateway into them. It's under $5/mo for the cheapest VPS option. It's a bit of work to get it set up, but nothing crazy hard if you know your way around something resembling a LAMP stack and ssh tunnels. There's no third parties integrated so you control the data and have a lot fewer privacy/safety concerns in general. If there's no wifi available, at&t offers mobile hotspot prepay service for as low as $25/mo. [0] https://www.adafruit.com/product/3414 [1] https://github.com/ccrisan/motioneye [2] https://www.vultr.com/ I've been relying on the command= syntax of .authorized_keys to restrict what's possible, but I'm not 100% confident in that being impervious to intrusion should someone get access to the on-camera SSH tunnel private keys. Wireguard is somewhere on my mental todo list for possible replacement of these tunnels, but they do the job and SSH is going to be listening either way to admin the VPS. Not really, the best thing you can do is not expose the car to salt in the first place. I once worked on an enthusiast's classic car back in the midwest which was exceptionally clean. The owner said every time he drove it in the winter or rain, which was rarely, he would put it in the air on the lift in his garage, and spray the car from below with WD-40 he purchased by the drum. That seemed to have helped, but it's no panacea, and there's definitely rubber stuff which will be unhappy about getting WD-40 soaked regularly. Aluminum gets pretty gnarly where in contact with steel, especially when you add salt water. I'd be surprised if Tesla's fasteners and sub-assemblies were all aluminum. Source: In a former life I worked as a mechanic in the rust belt. I've had absolutely zero problems with them overheating, and that's even using them as security cameras in a desert cabin without AC, where outside ambient temps exceed 120F. The only thing I did to prepare them for that abuse was adding a small adhesive-backed aluminum heat sink [0] to the CPU. It only required some filing of the fins to fit in the tight packaging of the camera enclosure. I never attempted running them without the heat sink, knowing it was going to be a rough desert life for them. So I can't even say if it was necessary. It's also possible my software settings which are optimized to minimize wifi bandwidth and storage consumption are helping keep things cool. The `motion` process is only using around 15% CPU continuously, and the loadavg hovers around .27, FWIW. [0] https://www.adafruit.com/product/3084 Hence the word implementation accompanying experience , which was not omitted in the citation you're responding to. Neat writeup, I haven't played the game but was surprised to see so much aliasing around objects in his screenshots considering everything was on "max settings". Does TW3 predate ubiquitous use of MSAA or FXAA techniques? That rationale works for motorcycles, general aviation planes have both a dismal safety record and can destroy an entire home or crash into a sky-scraper, etc. For some reason I don't get creative and productive until the hours I should be sleeping. Throughout my teens and twenties (I'm in my 40s now) I indulged this tendency and it served me well, often staying up for multiple days without realizing it and the productivity was incredible. Since then I've become more interested in preserving/improving my health and how such behaviors may be harming it, so I try to keep a regular sleep schedule and it does seem to be better for my general well-being. The down side is, I am never anywhere near as productive as I've been in the "sleep is for the dead" mode of operating. Occasionally I'll revisit that mode to get something that's been dragging on finished, and it's always incredibly effective. I wish I understood why long waking hours seem to stimulate my mind and coerce myself into the deep flow state. Colleagues have recommended I try Adderall in the past to enter that mode at-will with a pill, but I've always been averse to becoming dependent on a pharmaceutical to do something I can already do naturally. I wonder what's more harmful to self: regular sleep deprivation or consumption of amphetamines in the daytime? No, I would stay up for 2-3 days straight and it'd end with just a longish ~12 hour sleep, often leaving me with a sleep cycle randomly out of phase with the rest of the world to boot. The stuff I've read about sleep being when your brain bathes itself in spinal fluid convinced me this was probably not a good long-term strategy for preserving cognitive health. If it's an existential thing, and, judging from your description, perhaps a hint of paranoia, then I'd be a bit optimistic about overcoming it with either some regular meditation/mindful introspection or maybe therapy. It'd be nice if we understood the actual causes of things like dementia and alzheimers so we could make better informed decisions regarding behaviors like sleep deprivation. Even if we couldn't cure those conditions, just understanding something like "it's 50% more likely you'll lose your mind if you don't sleep 8 hours most nights" would be super useful. Yikes, I had no idea Tesla's kool-aid was so effective. It seems like there should already be an industry term for this, it's like the autonomous systems version of the "uncanny valley" [0]. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley > I've noticed myself able to sometimes get some huge breakthroughs in the late night hours. My personal theory on this is that something dream-associated is still switching on from a purely hours-awake scheduled mechanism. Dreams are inherently creative and cerebral, and it feels like I'm just tapping into some of that by staying up late and working while my brain is wearing pajamas. I don't know if you've ever dabbled with more extreme forms of sleep deprivation, but at a certain point, in my experience, a full-on wakeful dreaming state is entered where fully featured dreams are playing in the visual field while the eyes are still open. The brain definitely has the ability to essentially dream while awake. Experiencing those things made me start suspecting sleep deprivation was a way to tap into the dream world for productivity/creativity/focus advantages. The anecdote implies the person may not even be homeless, they just appear homeless and crippled as a means of earning income, it's literally their career. When I worked in "the loop" of downtown Chicago I'd walk a mile or so from where I parked my motorcycle to the office @ 1 N. State. Every day I walked past the same people pan-handling on the same corners. Many had signs with invented stories to try garner pity from suckers, stuff that was obviously fictional to anyone who had been walking past these people every business day for years , like "Stranded traveler, need money for bus fare" kind of stuff. One day it became clear why some stuck with the stranded traveler story; it enabled them to wear normal, even classy high-end clothing, and not even have to be dirty-looking. On that day as I walked past a woman doing this I noticed she was wearing a new pair of some exceptionally fancy shoes, and the price tag sticker was still visible on the sole: $499. On another occasion, I recognized one of these people but off-duty, crouched against the exterior wall of Sears trying to light a cigarette with a match, with their wheeled suitcase parked between themself and the wall. It was windy (Chicago) and I had a lighter, so I went over to help them with a light and as I got close enough to reach their cigarette I saw inside their "stranded traveler" prop suitcase they had left open: it appeared to be full of cash. Another pro for the stranded traveler gimmick: it gives you reason to have a suitcase to hide the sizable stash. These folks probably weren't homeless, they just earned an easy living by acting like they were in a relatable bind of a situation to fellow tourists in a busy city. I got to know someone who lived homelessly for a few years on the streets of Chicago, and he said real homeless people in Chicago are easily identified by their clothes and possessions being bleach-stained. Apparently the municipal crews would spray down the encampments on lower wacker where they'd stay warm through winter, without warning. So people who slept down there would have all their possessions/clothing ruined by the bleach. This was decades ago, I don't know if it's still applicable. I read in a news article that people were catching it again after recovering, IIRC it was in reference to medical professionals working in China. And apparently it can survive on a stainless steel surface for 36 hours. [0] Also from [0] however: "Sunlight will cut the virus ability to grow in half so the half-life will be 2.5 minutes and in the dark it’s about 13m to 20m. Sunlight is really good at killing viruses. That’s why I believe that Australia and the southern hemisphere will not see any great infections rates because they have lots of sunlight and they are in the middle of summer. And Wuhan and Beijing is still cold which is why there’s high infection rates. In regards to temperature, the virus can remain intact at 4 degrees or 10 degrees for a longer period of time. But at 30 degrees then you get inactivation. And High humidity the virus doesn’t like it either. That’s why I think Sars stopped around May and June in 2003 – that’s when there’s more sunlight and more humidity. The environment is a crucial factor. The environment will be unfavourable for growth around May. The evidence is to look at the common cold – it’s always during winter. So the natural environment will not be favourable in Asia in about May." I believe this is the main reason May is the deadline for containment. [0] https://www.fwdeveryone.com/t/puzmZFQGRTiiquwLa6tT-g/confere... > When I was in a mild emergency one thing the experts did that stood out to me was forcing us all to take a break and cook a warm meal. It made a significant difference to perceived energy level and judgement, even if it wasn't strictly necessary. It does wonders for morale, otherwise it's really not that necessary unless you're running exceptionally low in the adipose department to begin with. > all sugar as fat and protein prevent hunger from subsiding I think you've got that inverted. People easing into intermittent fasting are often recommended they start with keto to get fat-as-fuel adapted and begin their intermittent fasts with a few days of keto for the very reason that it gets through the hunger pangs while still being able to eat, just avoiding carbs. > I personally perceived a benefit to focus, concentration, and problem solving People often describe the same things about ketogenic diets and fasting, which are both fat burning modes. The issue is if you only get into the flux state where you're in between modes. That's where you're hangry, irritable, and can't focus because all you can think about is your hunger. In that condition feeding restores normal operation, and can seem like the only path to recovery. But it actually passes eventually, and what happens afterwards seems kind of remarkable if you've never done it before. Water is a different story, but food is really quite optional until the fat buffers start experiencing underruns and your muscles start getting cannibalized, then you're starting to get into trouble. We've evolved to not just struggle through periods of food scarcity, we actually perform well and can be surprisingly athletic without food. It makes sense to me, since when we're without food we need to be on our game and go find some or eventually we'd die. When fasting, for me anyways, it really feels like a keyed-up high-alert almost stimulated mode of operating. I've gone on long hikes and runs after not eating for multiple days, it's kind of preferable now so I don't have to carry any food and it's more pleasant to do physical activities with an empty abdomen. Edit: Above where I wrote "feeding restores normal operation", I'm assuming that "normal operation" isn't a ketogenic diet, and feeding includes carbs. People already in ketosis don't go through this suffering phase when starting a fast, because it already happened when they ceased consuming carbs. Or mosquitoes and the malaria they spread... Malaria was responsible 405,000 deaths globally in 2018 according to [0]. [0] https://www.who.int/news-room/feature-stories/detail/world-m... Entire families don't die from mild chest colds without hospital care. The parent mentioned Zika, any such list including Zika would be incomplete without Malaria as well. I agree that covid-19 seems to have a larger potential breadth, and didn't intend to downplay its significance. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-meter > I'm try trying to replicate some things I see in the GNOME settings app already, but I can't quite get it. Just grab the source for the settings app to see how it's done. I don't think the core gnome/gtk folks have historically made use of glade, though maybe that's changing. C is the native language because it's the lowest common denominator, not necessarily because they want everyone writing their front-end applications in C. It's simply something that works everywhere and can easily have performant and ergonomic bindings for $your-favorite-language. They're adorable as far as rodents go, but I've had to kill my share of them for similarly refusing to leave my automobiles alone. If you're resorting to killing them, I've found a 5-gallon bucket half filled with water containing a small bait-carrying raft to be quite effective. I just leave a 2x4 ramp to the bucket edge, they jump in for the food, the raft immediately sinks, and the walls are too high for escape. Slowing down its spread matters . A company working remotely while its workers eventually contract the virus piecemeal on a presumably much slower and staggered schedule is far better than having your entire offices out sick wholesale for weeks. Not to mention it's better for society and our health system in general to slow the spread. Or maybe a lot of people riding public transit are realizing they really miss their cars right about now, which isn't so great for the planet. Compared to what? Making such a comparison is non-trivial; does any highly developed western democracy share China's population size and density? I'm more curious about how this will affect India, where the population situation is more similar to China's. I haven't seen any mention of the virus there in the news, yet. > right now I am trying to learn that humans will never learn from history. I vaguely remember somebody mentioning that to me in the past, but I dismissed it as a nonsense. Perhaps it was in reference to the famous Aldous Huxley quote: “That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach.” X definitely has screen tearing, otherwise we wouldn't have the Present extension. Core Xlib is entirely ignorant of vsync or anything relating to completed frames. It's an immediate mode rendering model in that everything you draw just gets thrown on-screen by the display server whenever. Compositors were then bolted on w/redirect and damage extensions and basically randomly snapshot the client window contents before compositing a desktop frame, within that snapshot you can easily have tearing of half-drawn updates. Further extensions and hacks have tried to fix this like Present and frame clocks from the gtk/gnome folks, but it's all opt-in by X clients and non-uniformly supported by compositing WMs or not at all in classical non-compositing WMs where the X server just draws things directly on-screen as the protocol requests arrive from clients. Everything I just described is implemented in userspace at the X protocol level. You clearly don't know what you're talking about. The XDBE [0] extension attempted to add this, but I don't think anything actually implements it. (see edit) I tried using it over a decade ago on XOrg and it didn't seem to do anything useful... [0] https://www.x.org/releases/X11R7.6/doc/libXext/dbelib.html Edit: It's definitely there in the Xorg xserver [1]. My memory is fuzzy as it was a long time ago but I distinctly remember wasting a day trying to use this extension and becoming frustrated with its ineffectiveness. Maybe it was just for lack of any vsync mechanism to schedule the swap? [1] https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/xorg/xserver/-/tree/master/db... It can be really brutal. One of my earlier startups had multiple acquisition offers which would have made all the shareholder employees quite happy, but since the offers wouldn't have moved the wealth needle of the already wealthy founders by an order of magnitude, they turned them all down. Years later and $100m+ of VC money burned the place went bankrupt and I now have some very expensive toilet paper in a folder somewhere. Is that really true when modern American battles seem to always evolve into endless occupations? > Most programmers are complexity junkies getting paid to feed their habit. Maybe more so today, but historically I've come to appreciate programmers as megalomaniacal control freaks - myself included, which programming allows them to exercise within the harmless confines of an imaginary world hosted by microprocessors and the attached storage. It has been evolving though. Computers became networked, now software controls much of the real world, it's far less harmless than before. We also used to strive for minimizing complexity, I'm not sure how much of that was intentional or just a consequence of limited space while RAM was so expensive. There's probably some level of acknowledgement that there will always be a subset of repairs requiring the dealer's expertise and tooling. Especially as the machines keep getting more complex. So you will still buy the locally supported brand. Bandwidth is finite. It really depends on the style of rural living we're talking about. In my poor rural neighborhood most people simply consume substantially less than the average urbanite, and they reuse as much as possible. Since everyone has a lot of space, they tend to keep everything around and repair stuff, make things from disused junk, repurpose materials from disused/broken structures, etc. I've never lived in an urban setting where storage space was so readily available and eyesore messes tolerated that everyone could practice such extreme levels of reuse. I don't even have garbage service at my place. My urban experiences have been exercises in rampant waste and consumerism. There are folks who live an urbanite high-consumption lifestyle rurally, and those people are definitely burning a lot of energy getting everything brought to them continuously. But that seems to be the exception around me at least; those households stand out like a sore thumb, with a UPS truck visiting every day. > People living in single-family houses and driving everywhere consume much more resources per person than those living in high-rise apartments and taking public transportation or walking. Neither of those fall into what I'd consider a rural "homesteading" scenario. In my experience rural living conditions involve such an inconvenient drive to town that you make shopping lists and coalesce needs for the infrequent trip. It's necessarily a bulk-mode operation with substantially improved efficiency over what you're describing which strikes me as the typical suburban American home. Of course if rural folks are commuting to a city by car every day for work, it's not great. If you're going to reference the criticism you should really include Walker's response as well: https://sleepdiplomat.wordpress.com/2019/12/19/why-we-sleep-... I imagine it'd be fine for a single use even holding the thing if it's a low-power bird-shot shell. Frankly I'm surprised by all the comments here dismissing the practicality of the plastic pipe gun. Sure, there's risk of it potentially failing, but the whole scenario is implicitly a pretty desperate situation where someone's constructing a single-use firearm on a budget near zero. Safety and reliability aren't going to be the top priorities. It wouldn't surprise me if you were able to fire a smaller caliber slug from PVC simply by sizing the barrel larger than the slug so there's not a good seal containing the pressure. Sure you'll lose muzzle velocity and accuracy, but for an up-close weapon it can still be lethal while reducing the explosion risks. Anyone who's played with class-c fireworks like mortars will know that even a thin cardboard tube can be both safe and reusable in launching loose-fitting projectiles with black powder. The powder I removed from .357 bullets and mortars as a pyromaniac kid was pretty damn similar, almost identical looking in grain size and flame speed when burned in open air. Nice, ~1000lbs of sand in the back of an elantra gt must put it on the bump stops, no? I made a roof rack for my miata which attaches to the roll bar and windshield frame like the convertible top, it enables moving 4x8 sheets of plywood/drywall. I even moved a 305 gallon cistern using the setup without trouble, and a dozen 4x6x12' beams of douglas fir. > Miata Is Always The Answer It really is http://pengaru.com/~vc/tmp/tank1.jpg I agree that the police work and charges appear to be pretty flimsy, based on what I read in the linked articles throughout this thread. But that's all orthogonal to the feasibility of such a gun. I only saw one photo of the thing which didn't show any of the interior details at all. I'm assuming the police at least scrutinized it enough to determine it was indeed an improvised gun, i.e. verified some kind of firing pin mechanism. As for its diameter, I don't know why you're assuming there's not a coaxial arrangement going on here. Did you see photos showing details I didn't see? URL please if so. > IMHO, that's all you really need to know about X-Windows. That there was at least one poor, misleadingly titled book about MOTIF? I've had many X-related textbooks over the years, and frankly the documentation was exceptionally good and felt like a total waste on something as byzantine as X. They're pretty close according to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insulin_index "White pasta" 40 ±5 vs. "Beef" 51 ±16 > As a productivity drug, amphetamines far outclass psychedelics. They're not mutually exclusive, I'm sure there's significant overlap between the adderall and microdosing crowds. I've dabbled with that approach but it's really miserable having a 1-2 day migraine every few days. "asking for the rules to be suspended during the outbreak to prevent further environmental and economic damage" It's not like having those planes full of people results in less environmental damage. We're just trying to slow the spread so not all the vulnerable population - there's a large number, end up in the hospital simultaneously. If that happens, then everyone is more likely to die when they need the hospital for unrelated reasons and can't get treated because its doors are shut. You may be young and healthy and not be concerned, but if you're spreading it around carelessly you're facilitating the nightmare scenario of a collapsing healthcare system. Does that seem likely to you when the impetus for not flying is the coronavirus? I believe it's more nuanced than that. When you're a billionaire you're probably very diversified, and such foundations can serve as convenient vehicles for shuttling money between interests while giving a tax advantage and buying social favor, and who knows, you might manage to actually help some people along the way. Hypothetical example: Gates sits on the board of the medical company producing covid test kits and holds a large stake. So he directs his foundation to buy huge quantities of the kits and give them away. Gets a number of birds stoned at once. TIL a hypothetical example equates an accusation. Not trying to be cold-hearted about it, but if the virus ultimately kills off a lot of sick/edlerly people, wouldn't the aftermath of that be a boon for the economy? > Maybe, but at best this means... buying a few more things, taking a few more trips. I can think of some better effects than that. How about a bunch of California homes coming on the market and collecting property taxes proportional to their current value for the first time in decades? Same, I find it very effective for cleaning/degreasing parts without bringing real degreasers/soaps/water into the picture. It's also really useful for spraying down bicycle/motorcycle chains after they get wet to prevent rusting. But it does require some fresh lube after things dry off. > it almost feels like Trump has some secret weapons ready to save the day. You would think that, since most of the leaders are in a high risk demographic and spend large chunk of their time shaking hands with strangers, they would be more vigilant He's behaving entirely consistently with how he always has: deny everything, project perfection. There's no signal here of a secret weapon, it's a complete shit show. I don't know why you're being downvoted, you make a valid point. Do you mean in general routine maintenance or for when it's exposed to water? "there's no point for democracy when ignorance is celebrated" - NOFX The whole song is disturbingly accurate/prophetic. https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/nofx/idiotsaretakingover.htm... I'm completely unsurprised by what you're describing. I observed similarly disturbing behavior waiting in line @ Home Depot the other day. A customer was excited to find they had hand sanitizer in stock, and another customer told him there's a whole aisle full of the stuff and that all the covid stuff is fake news which devolved into nonsensical madness between yokels I had to just walk away from. Of course our Home Depot had some in stock, we're in rural bumblefuck middle of nowhere. Our stores only run out of things when the employees forget to do their jobs. also https://www.zdnet.com/article/intel-cpus-vulnerable-to-new-l... HP's legacy runs deep in the valley, it's not unique to Jobs at all. It's shocking how far HP has fallen from its illustrious past. > There really is a sweet spot in most people's disposable income and on-road costs and range anxiety (also a highly irrational place btw) which is just around the corner I often jump at the opportunity to talk EVs with common folks who aren't car enthusiasts but do own/operate automobiles. What I've come to appreciate is that range anxiety isn't even the primary anxiety anymore. There's enough EVs out in the wild and just general evidence of their being usable as daily drivers that it seems to be a thing of the past. What does seem to be a major source of anxiety is battery lifetime and serviceability/cost. And I think that's a perfectly rational thing. Consider what most people experience with laptops and smartphones when it comes to modern rechargeable battery technology. They swell up, they catch fire, they lose capacity, they're not even standardized on EVs so you're locked into a specific vendor, it might not even be made by the OEM anymore so you're stuck with shoddy reverse-engineered replacements (classic thinkpad owners know this experience all to well). With volatile companies like Tesla you can't even be confident they'll still be around to service the electrics/battery in 5-10 years. What I wish companies like Tesla would do is define some standard form factors for things like batteries, motors, motor controllers, and charge systems. If they'd just get things to where EVs are very much like oversized electric RC vehicles, where we can buy the vehicles potentially without any battery at all with a competitive market of battery vendors to choose from fulfilling requirements of an open standard, a lot of these sources of anxiety completely vanish. Imagine a world where you could have a Tesla delivered to your local mechanic without a motor, motor controller, or battery. It's a roller conforming to a set of standards for those components. Then you buy those to your liking from whatever vendors you prefer in the size/capacities/costs you prefer. I'm pretty confident such a situation would have EV adoption explode everywhere, nobody would be worried about having an unmaintainable rube goldberg machine of proprietary electronics collecting dust on their driveway in 10 years. Their March-April visualization shows Italy as being outside of the predicted at-risk zone. It's March 10th and Italy just announced a nation-wide quarantine, how does this square with the model as predicted? Is it just too early to see? Will we know by April if this model is useless if Italy continues to have covid-19 spreading? > Suburbs are the best place to be. I'm pretty sure I'd rather be homesteading off-grid in a remote wilderness or on a sailboat than in an average American suburb through all this. Because that's what happens in the aftermath of a scarcity event; all those people who were hung out to dry don't push harder for more in the future, and those who had it all decide to take less. This strikes me as child-level naivete. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_African_Ebola_virus_ep... I don't think it requires any more than an indifference towards the welfare of others from those who believe they can afford any kind of healthcare they would ever need while simultaneously pursuing a minimal tax bill. It does seem kind of karmic through the lens of NIMBY older folks have been making it impossible for younger generations to buy/build homes near them, and now they want the young whipper snappers to care about their welfare. Maybe the best way to become a home owner in SF in the near future is to run around infecting everyone there ASAP. (In case it's not obvious, I'm mostly kidding) I'm surprised they don't just provide a day care service for the children of healthcare workers, considering those children are more likely to get infected by their parent anyways just preemptively treat them as patients with some shared curriculum and oversight. > Many don't have more than a few days of food in-house At this point if you don't have at least a week's supply of rice on hand you're just being careless. It's dirt cheap and large sacks are readily available everywhere. The dude on Joe Rogan's podcast made it sound like the covid spread is mostly just a matter of breathing the same air. Is she allowed visitors? Where is she being held? Thanks, I had skimmed the article but missed the location. It's annoying, there's conflicting information on this front, like this article about the CDC changing its recommendation on the type of face masks hospital personnel should use [0]. They're claiming you can't get it by simply breathing the same air, and saying surgical masks are sufficient. [0] https://www.sacbee.com/news/local/health-and-medicine/articl... > more permissive license Not everyone favors a more permissive license. This makes me wonder if life expectancy in terms of years would be proportionally shorter if our days were say 48hrs instead of 24. Would slowing the earth's rotation have the side effect of extending our lifespan? > Oregon seems to be taking a "wait and see" approach which is ridiculous because no one can "see" anything without adequate testing! You still see fatalities and the symptomatic without testing. It's just not preemptive detection, "wait and see" in this context just strikes me as "wait til the hospitals are overwhelmed". Which is still dumb imho. Seeing the cellphone footage of Hubei/Wuhan hospitals from weeks ago didn't make me fear mob panic; it made me fear a total paralysis of the health system. It's tempting to imagine the same situation with Americans instead of Chinese would more resemble a Walmart riot on Black Friday. But I think when it's a bunch of genuinely sick people filling the hospitals, they're a more docile and incapacitated bunch. Those still healthy but panicky aren't going to be interested in being in close proximity to large numbers of strangers which is kind of a requirement for a mob to form. I expect quiet streets, like a zombie apocalypse film, with people minimally venturing out for supplies. No point in wasting a test on someone you're assuming is and treating as infected. I've experienced that with some Chinese folks on the streets of SF. But I've also experienced it with some Americans from NYC, and just assumed it was an emergent trait of people living in heavily-populated high-density cities. Edit: There's a similar phenomenon I've seen sharing space/food with guy friends who grew up with multiple brothers. The baseline aggression and competitiveness is visibly turned up a notch. People with symptoms who have had no known contact with the infected, to determine if it's covid-19 or just something else? Edit: I'm assuming we're talking about in the reality scenario where we don't have the testing capacity to test everyone . If you're not just testing the symptomatic, you're testing everyone who isn't already in the infected set, I don't think the US/Canada is prepared for that. If you want to contribute, fix bugs found by syzbot [0], there's an endless backlog there. It's the fastest way to get your hands dirty, familiar with a variety of subsystems, and land meaningful, appreciated patches upstream. [0] https://syzkaller.appspot.com/upstream Isn't a significant part of why we're fucked the gutting of ... everything, by this administration? e.g. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/jan/31/us-coronavirus... There's a complete lack of leadership in handling this pandemic in large part because this incompetent administration disbanded the national security team global health security and biodefense directorate. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2018/0... This is nonsense, you don't even need to cook anything at all to eat healthy from the grocery store. You just have to get off your ass and actually go buy perishable fresh groceries regularly and plan for the week ahead. Laziness and convenience prevails. If it's a lack of time, then it's a lack of time to even hit the grocery store. Which depending on where you live, if it's a food desert situation, may be valid. > When you can buy twinkies and pork chops you're not actually poor. When you are really poor you eat rice and beans and some vegetables you grow for yourself. And then you don't have diabetes typically. The EBT program here in the US completely distorts the situation. My local grocery store serves a very poor community, most of the customers pay with EBT. I get to see what kind of things these folks buy, it's idiotic. We could do a lot of good if EBT were only applicable to fresh perishable goods like produce/eggs/milk/fish/meat. It almost seems like people on EBT hate themselves for being poor and lean in on being self-destructive while at the store paying for things with EBT. They largely buy processed/prepared junk food, it's unbelievable, but if you view the food they buy as another drug prodding the reward centers of their brains, it's making them feel good in the short-term while giving them diabetes and other ailments in the long-term. EBT enables affording it by being almost equivalent to cash. It is true, the produce department has some of the cheapest food in the store. How much is a bundle of bananas? That's a week's breakfast. Unless you only buy organic, then you might go broke while hungry. > Bananas by themselves are not healthy food, they're very high in sugar and have little else to offer. That depends on ripeness [0], I eat a mostly green banana every morning and it doesn't have much sugar at all while keeping my bowels very regular. It's been my breakfast for decades, I'm quite healthy, and eat a diet almost entirely composed of raw produce. The rest is nuts/seeds/legumes and canned fish. I rarely ever cook, and if I didn't go for organic produce this would be a very cheap diet except for the nuts. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resistant_starch#Nutritional_i... > So it would be cheap if it was something else, but it's not. By volume most of the "nuts" are roasted unsalted peanuts, which are very cheap, and as you know actually legumes. I just have a taste for expensive walnuts and cashews, and like organic produce, but I'm not poor. Everyone can afford peanuts, or peanut butter. I prefer roasted intact peanuts since there's less opportunity for fuckery like replacing peanut oil with palm oil and adding sugar. Ya don't say... https://twitter.com/cjjohnsonjr/status/1238868541689880576 I believe it's normally limited to life-threatening circumstances, like showing up at the ER with a gunshot wound. Social distancing or voluntary unnecessary exposure to help others, which is it gonna be? It's unnecessary if your needs are covered. I agree in general for US vs. EU, here far more travel is done via automobiles. But the Bay Area does have MUNI and BART, it's not a no public transportation situation. The CDC web site is not behind a paywall. The office Trump's administration disbanded was formed after the 2014 Ebola outbreak handling was botched, precisely to address the shortcomings you're bringing up. Edit: It's being reported on currently: https://www.newsweek.com/former-head-white-house-pandemic-of... PSAs are meant to be broadcast to all audiences. On a subscription service, the audience is the subscribers. There's no requirement that I'm aware of for subscription services to offer non-subscribers any content of any sort, including PSAs. Well that was an interesting little rabbit hole with a grim end, thanks for sharing. "His son, Jesse Livermore Jr., committed suicide in 1975. His grandson also killed himself." > Don’t do this. It makes for boring reading. Your post was otherwise filled with pretty bog-standard leftist stuff that does just fine on HN. Speaking of boring reading... You can't get isopropanol/isopropyl/"rubbing" alcohol as sold in pharmacies usually near the hydrogen peroxide? You can mix this with aloe vera lotion in ~50:50 mix for a diy hand sanitizer. I did something sort of similar for the basic menu controls in a little game I made, visible here [0]. It's a fun puzzle to work out how to draw things like a question mark or on-off power icon in a fragment shader. Definitely not the easiest/quickest way to construct a UI though, especially with weak math-fu like mine. [0] http://pengaru.com/~vc/tmp/q.png > I don't look forward to being cooped up inside for weeks to months. There's no need to be cooped up unless you're actually sick. You can go for walks, runs, hikes, bike rides, do whatever outdoor activities you want as long as it's not crowded, without it being a problem. Indeed, public transportation is the worst option when it comes to sanitation. “Respirators, ventilators, all of the equipment — try getting it yourselves,” Mr. Trump told the governors during the conference call, a recording of which was shared with The New York Times. “We will be backing you, but try getting it yourselves. Point of sales, much better, much more direct if you can get it yourself.” https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/16/us/politics/trump-coronav... I don't commute, but use my automobile to retrieve groceries and potable water every week or two. I don't see this as a poor solution to my particular needs, but I do look forward to it being electric and charged from solar panels on my roof. It can't possible be worse than advice to buy at the start of this covid-19 disaster. I feel for those stuck holding this particular bag of shit. Fortunately I pulled out after the last TSLA earnings call, and look forward to the future shopping spree once the dust settles. I haul water from a bulk water dispenser in town operated by the city water department, have a cistern cache on site which gets topped up that way. It's not that unusual in desert communities like mine. Considering how much more likely you are to die from a car crash when the hospitals are saturated with covid-19 patients, he's not wrong. The two party system in the US behaves an awful lot like good-cop/bad-cop to me. I think so, on the surface, the democratic party seems to fit pretty well with the good cop as described by [0]. But the whole thing is a farce, neither is actually acting genuinely in the interests of the subject. That's the point. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_cop/bad_cop Things that can tolerate it without getting ruined/spoiled will sanitize much quicker in direct sunlight. Influenza is a completely different family of virus, COVID-19 is not another flu. The realm Riboviria is where they diverge, which is pretty far up there. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coronaviridae https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orthomyxoviridae I don't get it. At home I just step into the tub and wash my butthole with soap and water. Dry with a towel no different than having taken a shower, then get on with my life all nice and fresh down there. No need for TP or more consumer garbage to maintain and wear out that doesn't even clean as effectively as proper bathing w/soap and hands. Umm... 1. How often do you shit? If I'm shitting more than once in a day, I'm sick, so, exceptional. 2. I just remove my pants and underwear. There's a hand-held sprayer in the tub. My shoes are already removed if I'm indoors, and I don't usually wear socks indoors. It's a trivial matter to step out of my lower half and into the tub, spray my bottom without getting my shirt wet. 3. When I'm at home I'm generally just wearing boxer shorts anyways, pants are for work. I'm surprised this needs further clarification. > You use your bare hand? What do you bathe using? It doesn't matter when you have running water and soap on the ready. Obviously after your ass is clean you ensure your hands are washed too before shutting off the water. The water spray knocks off the bulk before hands get involved anyways. > When I read 1&2 I figure, ok, this commenter leads a peculiar life but it works for them. What's peculiar about 1&2? No shoes is normal for clean homes, and I'm in a warm climate so socks aren't really needed. It's not unusual for a tub+shower to have a handheld sprayer for spot rinsing, it's very useful for washing the facilities too. > Do you have guests often? Need to answer the door? Visible to your neighbors from any of your windows? I still wear a t-shirt most of the time unless it's hot. When guests are around I just throw on swim trunks over the boxers out of respect, that doesn't complicate dropping trou in any way; they come down and go back on together as a unit. Same for answering the door, throw on swim trunks beforehand... I'm on acres of land, the nearest neighbors neither matter nor care about what's going on in my home. Cool that they managed to get it digging. The "mole" is actually an interesting bit of engineering, since they wanted to dig to a depth of something like 16 ft IIRC, and obviously needed to keep the weight down. It's a sort of self-hammering nail. > But is it really necessary to act like everyone else are the weird ones for not giving their anus a sponge-bath in the bath tub every time they shit? Who said anything about using a sponge? My comment wasn't directed at "everyone else", only those using bidets at home. Elsewhere in this thread there are numerous comments from people debating ways to dry after using the bidet, complexities surrounding dirty towels or useless wet TP which then leaves pulpy clumps on your butthole and hair. I know the problems, I've used bidets, it's kind of awful. Why on earth would you subject yourself to this at your own home where you're in control? At the office or in a guest bathroom, ok, I get it. I've used the Japense style bidet seat attachments at the Googleplex, and think that's a neat thing for an employer to do for employees and makes sense as an improvement in that circumstance, but it's an unnecessary compromise at home. You presumably have proper bathing facilities. Instead of tapping into your toilet water line for some inferior fixed soap-less water splashy splash onto your butthole awkwardly sitting over the toilet, just get a handheld sprayer for your tub/shower and do it well. It's way better, and you can properly dry off with a bath towel leaving it clean enough for reuse. Nobody should ever have to exit their own damn bathroom with a dirty bottom. Per adult with more per child... It's concerning how hesitant I am to assert today's consumers wouldn't accept such a compromise. In the past, not even distant past, just ~15-20 years ago, I'd confidently say that would never fly without hesitation. It's definitely not the case today. Just look at how willing people are to delegate control over their lives to Tesla's "Autopilot". Even well-educated software engineers are being killed by putting 100% confidence in this glorified cruise control. > Well, I know that everybody's digestive system is different, but I have read that only one #2 per day is unusual for a lot of people and may be a sign of constipation. I think a lot of people go after most major meals. My impression is that most people with normal, regular digestion, ideally go #2 once in the morning after their laxative^Wcoffee and before bathing. In the distant past I had digestive problems which generally required a #2 shortly after any substantial meal. That was not what I'd consider ideal nor healthy. It was a nuisance and often resulted in an urgent need to use toilets away from home in restaurants and such, unhygienic to say the least. Learning how to eat the right things to keep regular with a #2 per morning, even without stimulants like coffee, for me was a major part of becoming an adult. I don't think this is that unusual based on convos I've had with close enough friends to speak freely on the subject. No mention of hydrogen peroxide... I've been using it to disinfect supplies I bring home and don't want to quarantine for a day before bringing inside, as well as washing my hands. Is there a reason it's not mentioned? Am I misinformed on its effectiveness as a disinfectant vs. viruses? It's always been my goto for disinfecting surfaces... it's nice in that it decays into harmless water, and it's not really an issue if you get small quantities of 3% in your mouth, even if swallowed. > This is stupid, it's a respiratory virus, it needs to enter your lungs. Get your stuff, wash your hands. Done. This is why restaurants are still open for takeout. Why is washing your hands appropriate but not washing the contaminated items you'll touch with your washed hands afterwards? Your comment strikes me as stupid. > Building up herd immunity in the rest of the population once hospital supply lines are robust might be the best way to unwind the existing rules Have you been out in public in the USA since the "shelter in place" orders took effect in any of the affected states/cities? This is not a quarantine, it's not an absolute containment effort. The effect is to simply slow the spread to something hopefully less than wildfire. There will be herd immunity developing regardless of what we do. Vulnerable people are already afraid and staying home as much as possible. Plenty of people are out going about their lives despite the shutdown. I'm in CA and went for a supply run yesterday, Home Depot was crowded with folks who seemed to be taking advantage of the time off to do home improvement projects. Plenty of evidence of sick folks out there being careless as well. The contagion is spreading either way. Are you aware that even with the measures you're arguing are unnecessary in place, our hospitals are fast approaching capacity and we're having PPE shortages? It'd only be worse. The average American has a long way to go before reaching "very underweight". It's more like the gnome people picked up abandoned torches. At least China now knows they have brakes that work. Only if you conflate the users with the existing pool of GTK/GNOME developers and maintainers of the time. I'm thrilled to see that fork attract enough new talent to apparently maintain itself and meet the needs of what's a relatively small fraction of linux desktop users. Everyone should have at least one large sack of rice and beans in dry storage. Expecting an operation like McDonalds to maintain enough spare capacity to provide everyone's emergency sack of rice and beans in the event of a disaster is completely idiotic. Exposing yourself to the people handling the food at fast food restaurants for a single meal is not what I'd call a remotely wise trade-off vs. a single grocery trip bringing home literally a month of calories in rice and beans. Consider the likelihood that whoever prepared your fast-food took public transportation and lives in cramped, shared housing, and is so desperate for income they're working at a fast-food joint. You can't even reasonably disinfect what you receive from the drive-thru before consuming it. When you're using the laptop's keyboard but a larger external monitor in front of you. Thinkpads have had this ability for as long as I can remember. Is this Lemur Pro yet another marked-up rebrand? Having used Thinkpads exclusively for decades, I had no idea it was a unique feature and nearly broke the hinge on my ex's Macbook Air when she was sitting across from me and wanted me too see something on her screen. I reached across the table and grabbed the top of her screen pulling it down to horizontal while I leaned over to look down on it while she exclaimed "stop! you're breaking it!" as her keyboard elevated her hands... Fortunately I had my Thinkpad in front of me and immediately demonstrated I wasn't completely insane for expecting it to be fine. Most home offices don't have 16 displays attached to the desk I was mostly kidding, though they do tend to have what amounts to a videowall attached to the trading desks from what I've seen in photos shared by friends working in HFT. What I suspect is a larger barrier is their paranoia. It'd surprise me if any HFT firm was comfortable with equipping the homes of its traders with everything needed from the bespoke software to appropriate hardware etc. They're very protective of their trade secrets and wouldn't want that stuff sitting around in the homes of employees where it can be either copied or otherwise scrutinized. Just because asymptomatic folks are testing positive doesn't mean they stay asymptomatic. My understanding is this is just a temporary phase of the infection where most people are asymptomatic while spreading the virus. Eventually , without treatment, it usually escalates to a symptomatic phase. > Packers and deliverymen should also wear gloves, etc. these days. Those same delivery men the news has been reporting on working while sick [0]? How confident are you they're not coughing and sneezing into those gloved hands? [0] https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/21/business/coronavirus-ups-... I'm pretty sure TP disintegrates in the sewage system, there's no hope nor need of separating it from feces. My understanding is that the solids are separated from the liquids and in the case of the MWRD of Chicago [0], air dried before being put to reuse. The point is TP just becomes part of the solids and there's no need to separate it from the rest of the solids, it's complementary being derived from trees. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metropolitan_Water_Reclamation... To add insult to injury all those CDC-developed test kits nobody was using because they were faulty actually were perfectly usable the whole time. https://www.businessinsider.com/cdc-coronavirus-testing-erro... It's a public mailing list, I see zero upstream kernel commits from arno@* so it doesn't appear the response came from someone who actually knows and works with the dm-crypt code. I'm on a number of public mailing lists and there's often a participant who tends to be both available/communicative and callous in their communication style. My assumption is there's a filter effect going on here where some folks who have very poor social abilities wind up at their computer alone all the time and public mailing lists become part of their few remaining human interactions. What I'd take away from this particular dm-crypt interaction isn't that the community is assholes, but that the community is small and the mailing list poorly attended/inactive. In the past I've reported my own dm-crypt problems upstream and it took years to get a bisected regression reverted. Just getting relevant people to pay attention was a challenge. > If you go to meet people instead of selling your product go to smaller confs put on by local organizers. An added bonus to strictly attending local conferences is less harmful emissions from frivolous air travel. No shit, it's not like we have no slave-owners today for lack of want, either. > We have no slaves today because renting turned out to be cheaper than owning with advancement of infrastructure and technology. Nonsense, I have an embarrassing number of acquaintances who've admitted to wanting slaves and that they'd have them if it weren't illegal. It's important to keep in mind that there's no shortage of people who'd be slave owners if only it were legal. What you see in the prison system is a modern variant but only accessible to very few. Conventional slavery was damn near ubiquitous, accessible to many. We have no slaves because it's illegal. For starters, in the early 1700s over 40% of NYC households enslaved people, not even in the south. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_the_United_States#C... Frankly I find this subject far too depressing to read about for your needs. I'm sure you're perfectly capable of google searches and reading about the history of slavery on your own if you're so interested. We were taught this in school, that it was a very common practice with little to no barrier to entry in the early days, and wasn't even racially discriminated until rebellions started. There are even well-documented records of freed slaves becoming slave owners themselves, it was that trivially accessible and generally accepted. My point was that slavery was accessible to many , contextually in contrast to prisons today, context your quote omitted. Slaves you'd acquire in units as small as an indentured servant, prisons are far more complex with substantial barriers to entry. In an environment of legalized slavery any household could easily get in on it, I can't even begin to imagine how I'd go about starting a prison yet it's presumably legal for me to try. > 3. This is nearly 5x (!) the prior record of 671K new jobless claims from 1982, and redefines the scale for jobless claims. [1] This should be normalized to be per-capita, comparing absolute figures is distorted by population growth. The US was only 230M people in 1982, 100M less than today. After normalizing it's more like 3.9x. > The only ones who will really see their lives change significantly are the ultra-rich, who need us riding around in Ubers, renting Airbnbs, and buying plane tickets so they can fund their wealthy lifestyles. [citation needed] Having curiously perused the source for one of Tarn's earlier games, Liberal Crime Squad [0], and running away in horror, I'm really curious what the source for DF looks like... especially considering for how long they've plugged away at it. Looking at LCS source was a lesson in how unimportant good programming can be when it comes to making a fun game. But I still can't bring myself to shed all my hygienic programming practices whenever I sit down to hack on a toy. It's really kind of frustrating, since it does add significant time to the development process from waffling about good names and clean abstractions. [0] https://sourceforge.net/projects/lcsgame/ In a world where people's identities have become hopelessly conflated with their occupation, preventing them from working for a prolonged period would seem like a pretty major change to their lives. I'm talking about working-class folks here, not the ultra-rich. Life isn't just about having money to buy food. Look at all those offices and spacious high-walled cubicles, productivity nirvana! I want to like this show, but it far too often devolves into the hosts giggling uncontrollably like a couple of schoolgirls. It lacks the professionalism and respect for the listener's time and attention I've come to expect after listening to shows like This American Life for years. I'm not complaining about the general light-heartedness and casual laughter. There are full on prolonged laughing fits about stuff the audience isn't even aware of. Like we're eavesdropping on kids experiencing a sugar high and giggling over an inside joke. That becomes obnoxious real quick. > But then again the cruise ship industry that doesn't pay US tax is getting bailed out [citation needed] What I've been reading is the opposite, like [0]. [0] https://www.miamiherald.com/news/business/tourism-cruises/ar... With proper care it's doable, but that stack is bringing a whole lot of baggage you'll need to either strip out or isolate your control process from. Having a bunch of cores is advantageous though. There are a variety of options for dedicating one core to the special purpose while the rest serve the general-purpose wild west. But I'd be surprised if you didn't have headaches just using some python code with cpu affinity on an otherwise unchanged raspbian install. There are a bunch of short earlier works when he was writing for something like Women's Home Journal to pay the bills that one wouldn't go wrong skipping IMHO. Zen is worth a read to acquire a label for gumption traps alone. But I must admit I've probably never actually read the entire thing, whenever chapters went deep into Phaedrus land I probably skipped a few pages here and there. “It’s not a concern,” he said. “The virus, we believe, is politically motivated. We hold our religious rights dear and we are going to assemble no matter what someone says.” It sounds like the bottles were serving as insulation, nothing structural. Was there anything used as mortar between the bottles? Relevant: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earthship Lies. More uninformed lies... Does your app have an About App page or other clearly visible GPLv3 banner containing your name, which they then removed? "Smart" should be in quotes. Ease of maintenance by the same group of people who already work in that repo? Reuse of shared, low-level components residing in the systemd repository? It's similar to why drivers are preferably merged upstream into the linux kernel source tree. Doing so ensures they continue to work as the kernel evolves, it also makes them more likely to get maintained in the long-term in general. I haven't audited systemd-boot specifically but just look at bootctl.c's "" includes [0], those come from the systemd source tree, and very little is in the src/boot/ subdir. Consider the fact that the project is all relatively low-level C code without any external bloaty dependency like glib bringing simple data structures like linked lists and hash tables to the party. There's heaps of useful stuff in-tree, and its being maintained as a whole and kept in sync, in a similar style to the kernel. Poke around [1] [2] [3] for some idea of what's there. [0] https://github.com/systemd/systemd/blob/master/src/boot/boot... [1] https://github.com/systemd/systemd/tree/master/src/basic [2] https://github.com/systemd/systemd/tree/master/src/libsystem... [3] https://github.com/systemd/systemd/tree/master/src/shared I don't really understand what you're asking. Edit: Do you mean the component that actually implements the boot loader? I'm not sure if there's any sharing there at this time, it's probably largely as-is from the gummiboot import. This isn't an area I've worked on personally, but you can poke around if you want: https://github.com/systemd/systemd/tree/master/src/boot/efi