Usually its like a 30 second loop vs an actual music video. There would be no point. Big brands use these techniques and they are the clients for these social media companies. Tiktok influencers are some of the most popular there are today. They’ve been sanctified when they started hanging out with Kardashians. Not always true, it can backfire hard. I know zero 30 year olds wearing abercrombie, hollister, or american eagle today, although that was literally the only acceptable brands for them 15 years ago. Abercrombie still sprays that cologne in their stores, reminds you of stepping back into highschool or middleschool. Lets agree to strongly disagree The issue is not that we need n+1 political parties. Its that people don’t have time or much motivation to read actual policy. This was probably the gruesome incident that got heads banned: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killing_of_Tim_McLean The human eye has more dynamic range than any camera sensor so you are going off a lot more data I think the takeaway is that government represents too many people and you cant satisfy everyone, so leaders listen to citizen action groups and lobbyists who are able to aggregate all these different viewpoints into more broadly popular legislation and show with their supporters that these ideas would be popular among a given electorate. Road runoff is usually pretty polluted in cities and some places have laws against capturing rainwater to protect downstream resources. The biggest issue with the west was that it was in a historic wet period 100 years ago when water rights laws were solidified with different groundwater levels. Its a drought only relative to this time, historically in Southern california it is usually dry like this. The issue with runoff water in LA and other cities is that its super polluted. You don’t even want to swim in the ocean after a rain. If you wanted to be smart about it you would have to treat it, but it rains in earnest so few times that building that infrastructure would be too costly if its only going to be used when it deluges 6 times a year. What the city has been doing instead is honestly a better long term move imo. They treat sewage and turn it into grey water, which is used to water public grass spaces like parks and is starting to be used as well as recharge local aquifers since the state says the ground is the best filter for grey water. Unlikely since it rains so few times the cost to benefit ratio is terrible. Instead the city has been treating wastewater and using that constant source of greywater to irrigate public parks and recharge aquifers. A lot of people still buy with like 5% down and pay pmi even in hot markets. There are also first time homeowner benefits. My city offers a down payment loan where you can pay 1% down up to like a 750k home if you are lower income. I think that not a lot of people are well educated on homeownership and think that you need to have a huge down payment or an all cash offer, when thats just not true, and often don’t know about the benefits offered to first time homeowners by multiple levels of government. The appreciation also throws you up the economic ladder fast. Say you put 5% down on a 500k house, you are out 25k. Next year you have a 600k house with the same payments. You’ve now gained 75k just by existing, and you can even flip and use that profit on a down payment for a larger house, maybe even getting your monthly payment about the same as the smaller house since your down payment is a larger proportion and you are no longer paying pmi. It might not be a clean trade but their are situations where your equity growth in house 1 gives you enough liquidity for a larger down payment on house 2 where your monthly payments might even be lower, especially if it means things like you no longer paying pmi. This is how the property game is played in places with moving real estate markets, I know people who paid more a month for the condo they lived in a few years building equity and seeing gain to afford a down payment on a single family home. You can do that right now with any car on the road. Guns break windows easily and people aren’t going to risk their lives for a set of keys, they will let you have the car and whatever else. In the US it seems like theft of parts is a lot more popular. Things like wheels, light housings, and catalytic converters are especially popular. Getting a car out of the country is a lot harder when you don't share land borders with eastern europe. When people steal cars they usually only use it for as long as it takes to commit another crime. A lot of the car chases are with stolen cars so police have no clue who is inside since running plates returns the owner. Its as ridiculous as when I see a package in the store labelled “beefless beef.” Why not just call it what it is, which is plant based ground chuck. Beefless beef sounds like something from rick and morty. Lots of things have some references to chicken too. The issues with water capture is that you are basically building an illegal reservoir and not necessarily returning the water as it were if it just hit the ground. You might flush your toilet and think all is fine, but maybe now the creek in your back yard goes dry a week sooner in the year, and less tadpoles are able to be born or some other unforseen ecological effect. Or maybe downstream water users don’t get what they expect out of the watershed anymore due to illegal collecting. I flew out of LAX last month and they had us keep our shoes on. I cant imagine how large scale of an airport would be required to do all that for everyone on the plane in 10 mins before the flight. The most they will do with a train is hit it against another and i bet the speed is capped anyhow to make turns within the system. Much more effective to load a van with bombs and leave it someplace. A plane is a cruise missile in comparison and can destroy anything you point it at. There are a lot more reasons to live somewhere than commuting convenience alone. The reports of the death of the city have been greatly exaggerated. It turns out city dwellers need a lot more infrastructure than just a local brewery. Namely a functional school district and a population that isn’t 97% white and strongly skewed conservative. Now with Trump out of office journalism as a whole has certainly gotten better imo. That man took the air out of the room from any other topic worthy of ink. Their choice of algorithms also maximizes the reach of these people, since they use the same mechanisms that maximize the reach of advertisers (twitters actual client, users are the product). Which opens the question, is it a good thing that a tool like twitter is able to make these groups voices much more noticably amplified? It was one thing when this stuff was limited to the AM bands of radio or tabloids that everyone knew were nuts. Now we have given these people the equivalent platform of anyone else and there’s no learned cultural knowledge to ignore these voices like we’ve learned to do with AM radio crazies, since its being amplified on the same platform used by even the POTUS and all sorts of official sources of communication which acts as a signal of legitimacy for a lot of people buying into this crap. With platforms like twitter we’ve in effect removed editors from the paper of record and let anyone contribute articles, which has turned it into a tabloid rag at best and outright propaganda at worst, but guised as where legitimate truths are found since officials and legitimate businesses and professionals have sanctified the platform with their own use. It can actually be good to go to a football school if its large enough. That wing of the university prints money to support all the other branches that otherwise would be starved of funding. Ironically, its probably disinterest liberal arts students who benefit the most from their school’s football program. Ohio State is very much a football school and it has great academics especially in engineering, business, cancer research, a national leader in agricultural sciences too, with brand new buildings all over its massive campus. Other public schools in the great lakes region that aren’t in the B1G ten football conference look like satellite campuses by comparison. Puppeteer is frustrating to me. When I tried to use it I couldn’t get it to click buttons, but I did get it to hover on the button so I know I had the correct element in my code. Their click function just did nothing at all. I resorted to tabbing a certain amount of times and hitting enter. When are we going to stop posting twitter threads to this board? Even without displacement, the amount of game available in an area a few centuries ago must have been at least an order of magnitude more dense before unlimited commercialized overhunting and overfishing decimated populations. Its even worse in the US where over 50% of adults are single. Cars are nominally on an annual year cycle but many models go relatively unchanged for a generation which could be 5 years or more. 71%, up nearly 20 points since the 60s https://www.census.gov/library/stories/2017/08/more-adults-l... I said single, not unmarried. A blog about growing your own food or making your own necessities instead of ordering more disposable crap like most of the internet would have you do. LADOT and LA METRO are converting their bus fleets to electric. Its thousands of busses so these things take time. Isn’t it ridiculous that you have to thoroughly vet people you are to follow for quality tweets, switch out of the default view, and train a machine learning algorithm just to make twitter somewhat useable? Thats not like using a computer tool, thats like trying to ride a stubborn horse. All 2300 or so busses in the LA metro fleet will be electrified by 2030 fwiw What about the energy already spent producing and getting your current car to you, the energy spent doing away with said car, the energy spent to produce said eletric car and get it to you? A car represents a lot of potential energy at rest. A lot of power was used to take those atoms of metal or carbon from all over the living earth and reconfigure them into the shape of a car at your present location. I haven’t seen very many analyses pencil all this out. I’d assume the greenest thing would be to drive your current car for the rest of your life. A magic drainpipe is a 30 year old lens and is still optically excellent and performant. By not using a screen dslrs have 3x or more the battery life of a given mirrorless camera. They are saying less of their budget goes to equipment when creating the art they sell for a living. Is this different from snakemake? I use snakemake to call up r scripts in pipelines No thanks for me. Advertisements if nothing else consume too much of my local compute resources for zero benefit to me. Why should I give them this free compute? Porsches have been galvanized since the 1970s Don’t know. Some people charge for their content so they could try that if they didn’t want to offer content for free. Its their choice. Maybe I should allow ads and then send them a bill for their use of my local compute resources at my going rate. You must not know very many 72 year olds. Show up to your next city council meeting where they discuss a bike lane or a homeless shelter and bring a bag of popcorn. Microsoft made a big mistake not just buying bungie after halo reach. The franchise and the studio were both at their very peak at this point. 343 is just not the developer bungie is and fans have been feeling for years that 343 has squandered their position. A lot of players to this day strictly play the bungie era games on master chief collection, and that release took a long time for it to be fixed from its broken state on release I’m willing to bet if halo didn’t come to xbox we wouldn’t be discussing it today and still playing halo games 20 years later. Because based on my experience most people don’t yield at yield signs in ca, and prefer to try and outgun whoever is not letting them in than back off. Sounds like a good way to me to increase the number of accidents at 4 way stops. Have you ever utterly failed to extract information from google and just given up entirey? This happened to me most recently when I tried to look up what model snowboards are used by certain athletes in the winter olympics. You cannot bring up a relevant result. The minute you add the athletes name and snowboard to the query, no matter the surrounding terms, it just brings up the media dump of articles about the snowboarding event, not the equipment. I ended up giving up, I couldn’t believe I couldn’t find anything relevant no matter how hard I racked my brain coming up with different terms for my query. What a frustrating experience when the tool you’ve relied on for 20 years has stopped proving itself to be reliable. Wildly superior in the physical realization of governance? Please. The reason why you don’t see homeless in these places is their policy is to use their police to force these people into LA. Go to venice and note how the tents stop immediately at the border with santa monica, and no its not because everyone who sets up in santa monica gets put into a shelter. If the goal really was to get as many people off the streets as possible, why don’t our builds look more like the dorms at ucla with shared facilities instead of private apartments with a kitchen built and bathroom built into every unit? Follow the money and see that this is a cash cow for certain developers and nothing more. Plenty of employers have private sector vaccine mandates already. I’ve been current in many vaccines you have probably lapsed in because of this policy of my employer. I thought the last round of sanctions was so inpactful because they targeted russian oligarch investments rather than the russian state. Hurt the oligarchs and they get angry with putin. There is no chance of survival. As soon as your missiles leave the earth or the sea, the enemy launches their entire salvo before your strike has time to hit its targets, and the world ends. Tell that to the serbians who were blown up by NATO bombs. Putin can say what he wants to the press, but hes ultimately beholden to oligarchs who would prefer to invest in a radiation free global economy. Voters didn’t order the SROs in bunker hill destroyed. Follow the money. Who stood to gain in the time when that SRO was raized into a parking lot then turned into the hotel Bonaventure in downtown LA? It wasn’t voters, it was a handful of politically connected people. Back in like 2005 or so, I would get all my music and movies from the library and just make rips to blanks to grow the collection at home. I did that with netflix dvd service too. If you train on obvious cases its not going to be a guarantee that your model is robust on less obvious cases. Nissan did something similar with their gtr 30 years ago, limiting the boost to skirt Japanese regulations but its apparently easy to remove the limiter and put down a lot more horsepower. For this reason I feel like rideshares have a mandate and shouldn’t have surge pricing for a customers. If you are blackout drunk and see ubers at 2am are $120, there is a nonzero chance you might just opt to drive drunk or do something else unsafe. Pretty common to use designated drivers before ubers. Every bar would also be able to call a cab for you, at least for bars that would have rideshare coverage today. All lyft and uber have done in terms of social drinking was give you an option to pay for a dd rather than have one of your friends on the role. This is probably still true today but bars can call taxis for you. You can buy drinks with thc in them So is stepping into the sunlight The fact that there are so few examples doesn’t tell me its hard, it just tells me its unprofitable. Look at these examples, primarily bankrolled by the megalomaniac billionaire themselves vs the value investors who dollar cost average into lockheed martin et al. You open the floodgates no matter what. What voices do you actually see dominating a completely free environment like this? To me it will just be government and corporate bot farms instead of actual people. What you are asking for is impossible essentially. We users, who are the product, want this rage free environment where we arent manipulated. That can’t happen because twitters actual customers, the advertisers, make money hand over fist with the rage bait. The company wouldn’t be worth anything if its customers stopped valuing it, and its customers will instead buy whoever offers them a higher quality product on the market place. Having users like you is not profitable for a social network, if anything its a loss. Having the product be the highest quality ensures the most demand from customers. The product is of course the access to users, a higher quality product are users who are hooked into ragebait and maximally engaged for hours a day vs sensible people who barely engage, and the customers are the advertisers. I think a lot of people are making the assumption that long term values in this case would somehow mean a less toxic place. Toxicity and rage bait is of course highly profitable, and users who can actually put twitter aside and not let it invade their day are the least profitable users. Private or public the incentives of a business are always to not leave any money on the table. The incentives for bad actors are also different too. Imagine the difficulty to craft a bot ring that can reach into and affect thousands of forums to reach millions of users. It didn’t ever happen because it was too complex of a problem. Meanwhile, you throw all these millions of users in one basket, suddenly you only need to develop a botring for one network and the incentives are also sky high because how many people you can reach with that one botring. Nontoxic users have lower engagement than toxic users. Advertisers want to see average time on site go up and a good way to do that is with rage bait or all the other nonsense they’ve been pumping into these networks for years. The difference is a lot of trucks are only allowed on designated truck routes as they damage roads. Even then the most destroyed roads in my city are the ones where these heavy vehicles literally work ruts into the asphalt. Not to mention its the state that maintains a lot of highways vs local government for local roads, and one is more fit to regularly repair roads than the other. Camping is so easy out east and so difficult out west. People must be writing scripts to book these campsites on these websites the nanosecond they become available. Its such a shame. Anecdotally it seems like we are. The rad thing to do in my area of california is to paint your white washed spanish style home mud brown or ozzy osbourne black. Then you have to install a much more powerful AC system when in the past maybe just opening windows and getting crossbreeze was enough. All these houses used to have awnings over sun facing windows when they were build in the 1920s but at some point that must have been seen as ugly and its now pretty rare to see. I’ve also been confused. I went to what I thought was a health food restaurant and ordered iirc a chicken sandwich. Received gardein which if you’ve had it is like a 1990s tier veggie burger aka not good. The cheese on it was also fake american cheese which itself was never cheese to begin with, but they still called it cheese despite it being nothing like cheese in taste or texture and only vaguely in color. At least let me know what I’m getting into instead of playing cute and having this game with the menu. Its so ironic because vegetarians I know gag when they walk by the meat and fish section and smell everything raw. Making them go there to get their protein seems a little cruel I wonder how cheap flavored soy will be in a world where there isnt a meat industry producing cheap bonemeal and bloodmeal fertilizer What sucks is I think the clones are terrible introductions to vegetarian food compared to the real deals. Screw a fake chicken nugget and ketchup, give people a falafel ball and yogurt sauce. The best vegetarian food there is makes no attempt to be fake meat, it stands on its own. Would you describe vegetarian food as “food from dead plants” or the harvested product, like soy/tofu? Meat is the name of the product. Where is the plant getting its NPK in this system? This isnt an usolvable problem though since you can calculate the strength of model fit for a particular data point. You learn how to do this with linear models in stat 101 so everyone who is paid to be a datascientist will no doubt understand this. I feel like this product wouldn’t have much of a market if people didnt forget about desktop google earth. People use google earth desktop for this too Try out google earth desktop instead of google maps. Its much more powerful software If you are spending $200k for a Bentley someone else is parking your car at the destination Depends on the transit agency. LA metro fare collection rate is probably 50% based on what I see. As others say the door sensors are the more reliable measure than the tap machine. Some train stations don’t have turnstyles and the ones that do don’t have the emergency gates alarmed anymore because people triggered them so much to avoid having to hurdle the turnstyle. One theory is if its free, more people might hop on the bus and use it for a block or two since they know its free and they don’t have to keep up a current transit pass. This basically catches the car users who might occasionally use transit but aren’t familiar with the pass system as it is. Free fares aren't even so much for low income people, as at least in my city low income people already have their fares subsidized. The more people using transit the more likely ballot initiatives pass even if they only occasionally use transit. All the more reason to ditch the 5000lb car and go for like a 50lb emoped instead. The idea that everyone has a voice is false on social media. The people whose posts tend to trend in culture are often not random people but established players offering an already entrenched perspective. I would have agreed with your view 25 years ago, when everyone was making blogs instead of instagram profiles. But today what you assume is organic discussion on social media is entirely artificial, designed to limit the shades of acceptable opinion amongst the public in a manner not much different than old media has done (deferring to authority, pundits, established known variables). Flight radar isnt exactly live. There is a slight delay if you compare flights over your head to what flight radar is telling you about those flights. Its tough when you live in an apartment with no storage. You often are paying more because you dont have room for bulk. Costco is great if you have a garage or basement though Just get panniers Solved by rain coat and rain pants In Southern California gas is down from $6 to $5.50 Because if they tell the truth and crash the market the outcomes are even worse for people If you think this is a new phenomenon you need to read more history Then why hasn’t it happened for other macbooks? The corners of my 2012 are noticeably deformed from impacts and the screen is fine At this point I’m thinking the 2012 I own could be the last laptop I bother buying. Its performant enough for being a day to day computer with an ssd and 16gb ram, and these days if I need more horsepower for one job I’m better off using a server. Plus the parts are so cheap on ebay and you can do most repairs with a phillips head screwdriver. Apple used to offer that in 17” even A ford factory worker stamps the same part for 60 years. Running ML is not the same as making a cog of a priori known quality over and over again, but lets let the MBAs run their little experiment and watch the whole thing explode so no one seriously wastes more effort on this. You cant no code your way around generating testable hypotheses which is why data scientists get paid the big bucks. Anyone can write up a model in python following some 30 minute tutorial. That was never the hard part. No chance any of these models are sufficiently powered to even test the questions the operators are interested in asking Random mutagenesis eg radiation could be used to introduce diversity. And increasingly about filling time to shoehorn in more monetization What like calling a first responder a pedophile? People didn't use fentanyl, then they did. Does that suggest fentanyl is good? This is why male saddles have a channel down the middle these days versus the old brooks style saddle Up your game and start getting the dvds from the library In this case the drawback is the off chance you get a strongly worded letter from your isp you can throw away When my bike was stolen it was in an underground parking garage. The thief was able to go to a known place with a dozen bikes and not any solid foot traffic and take everything. Outside a store or restaurant during business hours, however, is a much more risky proposition for a thief from all the foot traffic. They’d rather pursue low hanging fruit like apartment parking garages where their efforts will probably guarantee them a half dozen bikes in one go. You should also always insure your bike. My renters insurance covers mine for theft with zero deductible. I hate these methods of grants. I only get $500 for a bike but if I want an electric car suddenly the government hands me $4000? So stupid. $500 buys you half of an entry level e bike. $4000 buys you four of them. If they want to actually make a dent in emissions, just give everyone the $4000. Its best to have a compressed low res thumbnail that you can click to open the full resolution file in another tab imo Thats the best geometry unless you wear kilts and skirts It used to be ordered out of a catalog, flat packed, and mailed to you already cut for assembly. How about the fact that you can go on github today and find a thousand ml based music generators probably, and yet people still like going to concerts and seeing an artist play an instrument. I think they were just getting at the fact most people see programming as a black box, or were scared off from the math requirements to ever consider it in school. Whereas we all know if you can write an email, you can write a script. Who thought being a pro athlete was going to work out? Everyone I knew who worked had in sports just used athletics as a vehicle for free college and it worked great for that Ok, but you still see people passively listening to real artists instead of ai generated music. Provenance matters for music and for art. Maybe if you design retail art for Target without your name ever put on the work you have to worry. Honestly the behavioral lifestyle of modern humans is so far off from what we developed that diet is probably a drop in the bucket relative to many other factors. Consider how much movement a persistent hunter in a tribe still engaging in these practices does compared to the modern human, who sits for 95% of the day. The elders in these tribes look lean and still might engage in hunts. The elders in our tribes frequently can hardly walk or access the second floor of their house without difficulty. We went from a species that has to go out and forage or hunt for resources, into one that basically sits in a cave all day and poof there is a couple thousand calories in front of them that they didn’t have to get; no species operates like this. The things that made us humans and improved our fitness to allow us to survive and colonize the globe, our intelligence and endurance or strength, are no longer being selected for in modern life. Then consider the arbitrary stress that society puts on us. How you dress should not matter, what you love, how you work, where you work, what you do for fun, etc, but we make people hand wring about it all. We have a cruel society in many ways that stifles unorthodox thought and behavior that doesn't ultimately further someone else's dollar. The daily stress of sitting in traffic or waiting for the bus to finally show up on a hot day definitely triggers stress responses. How about the fact that social media has sapped many peoples attention span? The mind is no longer allowed to be bored or to rest or dwell inwardly if you are constantly using every available second to check a website on your cellphone. You see it in kids an adults everywhere: elevator door shuts and out go the phones along with any chance of serendipitous organic thought that doesn't come from an advertising network. Experiment with your diet, sure, but don’t neglect the other ills of modern life if you want to be truly heathy in body and mind. It also doesnt allow tabs so its super basic and hardly usable for me The companies making the ads are capable of hiring orders of mangnitudes more engineers than however many people volunteer to maintain adblockers. Google/youtube is already using their monopoly on the browser to prevent ad blocking via extension changes. This is why you take the whole lane. Cars are forced to merge like they do around any other stopped or slow traffic, giving you a lot more room than if you allow them to squeeze by in the same lane as you, near where the parked cars are swinging their doors. Highway ads are bad because they distract drivers. Some states like AK and VT have banned billboard already. The population is also larger than it was 50 years ago You would think the regime already did this before the arrest How do they even know who to arrest if they supposedly collect evidence after the fact? They probably have a script that creates an archive of all social media posts. Not hard to do. As soon as you have a name to point it to you can run this sort of tool. Welcome to neoliberalism, where coca cola has a bottling plant in saudi arabia. Right, but as soon as they suspect someone they probably run tools like these. They can be ran faster than it takes to find someone and throw then in a van for sure. You cant actually be confident until you run a statistical test Modern medicine gives you an opioid instead on your death bed. If you take 0.5-1g of mushrooms you will probably only get high as you note. The tripping starts when you are taking closer to 2g. I think thats starting to tip. I fly spirit now, because is usually a couple hundred cheaper than delta et al and offers me the same exact service short of the 30 cent biscuit and 70 cent can of coke given out on the delta flight. Your last sentence is not true for facebook and other companies that operate at such scale. Good luck mounting a successful lawsuit against their legal team. Good luck getting their sheep users to jump ship given they haven't already after countless events that harmed their reputation. Good luck passing pro consumer regulation when industry is allowed to lobby, fund political advertisements, and donate money to campaigns. But sci hub exists now Most schools have off campus proxies you can use now Whatever you do, don't start building your own effects pedals or this probably gets exponentially worse The new formulation is a lot stronger though. Most kids probably bought one pack of cards perhaps, got burned, never bought another random pack. Now people cant watch a sporting event without gambling. What is the great use case of VR? If its just to do things like play poker, or type up a document on a big screen, it seems like a huge waste of energy (in dev time and in wattage rendering this stuff) to reinvent the wheel in yet another way like this. Give me something more compelling than what a computer from 1995 can do while using a fraction of the resources. If you set it up for the drivers side you mess up passenger dynamics though They have bitcoin atms now, just wear a surgical mask when you go into the headshop that has them and you are anonymous. Its marginally better, but reddit threads or glass door are no subsititute for an actual union negotiating on your behalf. Employers can just fire you or let you leave if you get cocky like this. A union otoh can threaten to strike and effectively shut down an entire company. For a lot of workplace training I’ve had, the only beneficiary must be the HR department that can use this compliance data to get a better deal on corporate insurance having everyone reading certain laws. Or in theory they are reading those laws, everyone I know clicks through these HR slideshows at light speed. If you want a government built lair, former icbm silos sometimes pop up on zillow I think it depends on if you are a designer or an artist. In my mind a designer works on a specification for a client and produces it, they are interchangeable, they dont put their signatures on the work because its not theirs, its the clients. Artists however wont have to worry about ai. Ai music already exists but people still support mainly real artists on streaming platforms and go to concerts, because provenance matters for artists and it doesn't for designers. Could an ai make a warhol? Probably not because what made warhols art popular was that he essentially worked outside of the training set and provided something previously unseen. Machine learning is bound to the training set. You can make generic corporate bathroom art for hotels or filling empty picture frames with it, but there will still be real artists and galleries and concerts and museums, because often times people value the provenance of the artist much more than even the work itself. Thats true, but people are still listening for the artist and not the talent team. Drake is famous for having his writers live in tents in the studio. I bet songwriters desperate enough for work to live in a tent probably are cheaper than making a contract with whoever is trying to sell this stuff to major record labels. Because they can enter forbearance and just wait Think of most offices. Central elevator shafts and stairs and bathrooms. A massive floorplan with all the windows on the edges. How do you convert to residential? Have 5 feet by 500 feet units so everyone has light and a connection to plumbing by the elevator shaft? Residential buildings have a lot more access to natural light throughout the structure and they are plumbed entirely differently. Hvac and wiring too. Because Im using that part of a home for workspace anyhow when Im off the clock. Its a laptop on a table, its not a huge investment. And also you are ignoring commuting and all associated monetary and time costs. With wfh and no commuting its like I have a 26 hour day. Then you miss out on a lot of potential parallelism like doing laundry or working out during zoom meetings. You can always take your laptop to a cafe or library, i bet that would be a more ideal commute. You could also just take your laptop wherever you want in your neighborhood or simulate a commute with a 5 min walk around the block. If people are having a hard time with zoom still after the past three years then I don’t know what to say. The exodus is overstated. Research has shown its actually a brain drain from texas while texas receives low skilled labor. https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2022-10-17/california-... Why not? Theyve laid waste to hundreds of thousands of homes to build freeways with a stroke of a pen before. We honestly should nationalize intel, raytheon, boeing, and lockheed martin. Probably others too. It makes no sense to develop our sensitive technology and reserve some resources solely to feed the parasite that is the profit margin. They are not retaking Taiwan. They never had Taiwan. Taiwain is the last bastion of the democratic government of china. You could run them exactly how they are structured today if you want. Youd reap savings by not having shareholder profits to maintain and could use that money that would otherwise be wasted on luxury spending for major shareholders for more R and D. Dorm buildings are still thinner and have more access to natural light. No matter what you get these awkward units and dystopian unlit spaces internally. In places like nyc with huge, city block width apartments, there are actually internal voids that let in natural light deeper into the structure. That would depend on if its cheaper to have an AI team or a real team. For example mcdonalds had all the tech to replace burger flippers by the 1980s if not earlier. Just retool a robot that builds Fords to hold a spatula. The reason they still hire people is because its cheaper than what the maintenance contract on such a robot costs. Why does no one want to subsidize ebikes? If they do they only knock off a few hundred while electric car subsidies are often in the several thousands. We could fully subsidize like a half dozen ebikes for what people sometimes get in electric car subsidies. Why would the wealthy leave when they enjoy some of the most favorable property tax terms in the entire country in the strongest job market in the entire country It still makes no sense why the government doesn't just subsidize all evs equally. I understand that riding a bike is a lot to ask for some people, but money is cheap for our government so you might as well offer a more reasonable subsidy. Because intel would lobby against it and snuff it I was thinking more along the lines of when the us government centrally planned the economy and won a world war as a result. The library works too for a quiet study space you can be at for long hours without paying a dime Yeah I remember the dorm bathrooms on a sunday, full of puke from saturday before the cleaning staff showed up on monday morning. I like working from home for one major reason: my life is more significant than this job for my boss. I get about two hours back from not commuting that I can do whatever with, and I am not paid for commuting either. I can choose what my work environment looks like, be it at home or a buzzy cafe or a silent library or park with birds singing. I can actually take some time during the day to run errands while there is zero traffic, go to the dmv during the week instead of on saturday along with half the city, versus having to get these things done after work in rush hour traffic or burn a weekend day just to catch up on chores and errands. I can multitask in zoom meetings, by doing stuff like folding clothes or working out or just bringing the laptop out to work in my garden. I have also been able to spend a lot more time getting to know my neighbors thanks to all this available time we all have from not commuting and having more flexible schedules. If anything I feel like I am socializing with friends a lot more than if I had to come home late from the office and leave early for the office in the morning. We still have social events with the coworkers in town so I am not missing any interaction from them. I have no desire to ever commute again when I have gained so much thus far by avoiding it. Thats lucky for you but you must be aware of how uncharacteristic that is. When you get a new job that commute disappears unless the new job is close to the old job or you up and move. Its not just the commute but the other things around the house you can parallelize e.g. during a zoom meeting and save time. Doing the dishes, laundry, working out, running errands midday without traffic, not having to go to the dmv on saturday. That really opens up a lot more time than just the commute. Its really an entire paradigm shift of changing work from a block of time removed from the day, to just a series of tasks in your job queue that has some home chore tasks as well that can be taken care of when its actually convenient. You basically become an hpc job scheduler. Thats way more efficient than the blocks of time approach with going into the office and not being able to do these things. Pay people more. Wages have been flat for 50 years for these positions. Then thats on you. Our team collaborates with three time zones. There was never full work from the office. Yet we still collaborate fine and share these things when we meet over zoom. Maybe your group should have a regular meeting where if people want to sign up and share what they’ve been working on they may do so. We were doing that even when our side of the group was in person because thats about the only way to get the full scope of someones work: a 45 min end to end presentation where you can ask questions, not chitchat in the hallway. Its good to not derive all your satisfaction from work and to seek it out from things that are more pertinent to your life, versus your bosses. It will probably make retirement feel more fulfilling instead of empty. This probably depends on your local traffic environment in your city. Depending on the time of day and exact routing, 7 miles in southern california can take you 45 minutes or more. If you take the bus like I do you are in for closer to an hour. Teachers have turnitin that kinda does this Its so stupid, because on a mac for touchpad gestures they have these nice demonstration videos built in. They have what could be a great model for this documentation already. Its so ironic reading this, considering most of the “conveniences” of modern ios are clones of some popular tweak on cydia. Why do people still believe that lie? That deregulation leads to a market environment that wont just be dominated by existing whales. Also being able to care and then act brings the assumption that you have the free time to spool up a mini research project on each and every consumer good you buy. You could argue the same for countries in eu Best to use i.reddit.com on mobile. The default mobile website is just unusable on my phone with the way it handles comments. What is crazy is that you will spend so much more compute resources just to do the same exact stuff you were doing in 1995. Some developer on here once commented that they used their vr headset to run an editor. I wonder how much more power it takes to render vim in VR… Globalization probably can’t ever end at this point now that the cat is so far out of the bag. The factories that used to produce local or regional goods simply no longer exist in many cases. A phone is not a necessity for any of those things With a physical menu they just cross it out or tell you If they are truly dirty they wouldnt put them out without a wipe How dirty are you expecting a menu to be? Its probably cleaner than the front door to the restaurant you opened. If the kid is having a meltdown in the restaurant just leave bills on the table and get out of there Must be wonderful having everyone in the continent of asia having a charged phone and cell reception in every restaurant. Us Americans are not so lucky. Why would using tech to order from a qr code improve over time when I've seen how the takeout tech has stagnated for 10 years at least? We are too exhausted and disconnected from eachother in real life to organize a revolution. This is by design. OTOH the price controls and centrally planned economy we had during WWII transitioned this country from the hardships of the great depression into the much better standards of living enjoyed during the years following. The big tell that its not all social medias fault is that the narrative changes with the decade on the exact cause even if the outcome of radicalization is the same. 25 years ago people were blaming AM radio hosts for political radicalization. The only truth imo is that radicalization is highly profitable so media will favor it on any platform that is in vogue. What about fox news? AM radio? These are bastions of radicalization but they dont let anyone come on and say anything. At the end of the day this sort of rhetoric played by these groups is taught in university communications classes as a way to exert influence. Its all just propaganda at the end of the day, and that can come in the form of a pamphlet, or a meeting in a town hall, or from some talking head on tv, or a tweet. Social media is just another avenue for propaganda to manifest just like how the printing press is. Its really all media not just social media that profits from propaganda. Turn on CNN. You might agree with what they are saying versus what the talking heads on fox news are saying, but they use the same state of constant panic style of reporting because that works really well to fix eyeballs on advertisements, both overt ones and the more subtle ones that happen during the programming. The only thing HN has going for it imo is its size. Once it becomes a larger and therefore more attractive market for media, the propaganda will be a lot more heavy handed, like what happened to reddit as it grew from something no one used and into a mainstream platform. You definitely see propaganda posted on here already from time to time. Don't blame labor for failing to unionize when media has been filling the room with anti union sentiment for a century. Local politicians are such hypocrites if they cite the effects of the drug as being harmful to their people while allowing their local drunks to buy half gallons of vodka.