It seems to me that Git's ecosystem is rather more developed than Subversion's, despite its younger age. I haven't seen any hosting service for Subversion repositories that approaches GitHub (and even `gitweb` is pretty nice actually) and the amount of stuff in e.g. http://git.or.cz/gitwiki/InterfacesFrontendsAndTools is pretty huge compared to what I've seen for SVN. When it comes to documentation, not only is the reference manual excellent in the usual way of Unix reference manuals, but I also know of six tutorial Git books, several of which are free online: the Git User's Manual, the Git Community Book, Git Magic, Pragmatic Version Control Using Git, Pro Git, and Git Internals. As I said in another comment (now deleted), I'm using Subversion on a project for the first time in years, and I constantly find myself wishing the project was using Git. I've found git pretty frustrating to learn too. darcs is a lot easier. Still, it sure is more powerful than SVN, and once you know what you're doing (and maybe have a cheat-sheet handy) it isn't much harder to use. You know, transmitting video has proven to be a pretty important tool for fighting world hunger and various kinds of oppression; when it's possible to see the problems other people are experiencing, it's a lot easier to empathize with them. So it might not be a great idea to let one company decide how our video-transmitting technology is going to work and who gets to use which parts of it. To be more concrete, imagine: "The video you have selected ("russians_in_tskhinvili_getting_shelled.wmvx") is not viewable in your region ("Georgia"). Please contact your system vendor for a software upgrade if this region is not correct." "New Adobe Explosion 2012 offers video content providers a usage-tracking feature, which provides accurate statistics on the age and gender breakdown of their viewing audience, enabling video content providers to micro-target advertising content. *Information about users' identities will not be disclosed except pursuant to an order from a court in one of the following jurisdictions: United States, China, India, Saudi Arabia, or Germany.)" "The United States Trade Representative is pleased to announce a new accord with Brazil, addressing both American media companies' concerns related to rampant Brazilian internet piracy and the new Brazilian military government's concerns related to subversive content from overseas. Under the accord, effective starting 2Q 2011, only properly licensed video codec software from Adobe, Microsoft, or Apple will be permitted in Brazil." "We're sorry, but the license for the software that created this audio file ("Grandpa Telling Us About His Mother.flvx") has expired. Please contact the content provider to request that they renew their license in order to access the content." That's really nice. I'd love to see the code, even if there are other "something similar"s in Ruby. Did you actually implement the entire x86 instruction set, or just the parts of it you have used so far? Many businesses have their own photocopiers, fax machines, and PBXs, do their own accounting, maintain their own supplier lists, provide support to their own customers when they have problems, and pay their own employees, even though you can outsource each of these services. Sometimes the problems of outsourcing a business function are greater than the benefits of the enhanced specialization. For several years now, the vast majority of companies that have an internet connection have had some of their internet-connected computers inside their own companies, and others somewhere else, like a colocation center. Even though AWS is pretty awesome, I don't expect that to change anytime soon; the balance will shift back and forth according to things like available technology, legal liability, experienced quality of service, and so on. Just a means to an end, when they started out doing that — hopefully that remains the case. What do you think a non-broken replacement for DNS would be like? I agree that DNS is pretty broken, and it's a really important problem to solve. I was hoping you might have insights on what to do ;) Like pop songs in that study where they divided people into groups and had them rate songs? It seems almost inevitable. That sort of positive feedback can make a system more sensitive, but it can also make it unstable, amplifying noise until it overwhelms small signals. My third connection is that, if your hypothesis is correct (and I'm pretty sure it is) you would tend to expect comment karma to be distributed according to a Zipf distribution. Google Web Accelerator. bonsaitree said water at room temperature. The vapor pressure of water at room temperature is around 25 millibar; nothing "local" about it. Today I discovered that % 100 = 3; parses in Perl. I wish the space between the % and the 100 had the semantic meaning of telling perl that the % is supposed to be an operator, not a hash sigil. What other languages allow spaces in identifiers? Fortran 77 and Algol 68, I think? That race was over four years ago, though. Ruby won. It's nice that the old nag is finally making it to the finish line, but the audience has been gone for a long time. "extend it to monolithic intuitions such as ... policing, armies, ..." I hear they tried that in Somalia. Do you read John Robb? There are lots of small pharmaceutical companies already; they are a major focus of current VC funding, in fact. The majority of "biotech" firms are actually working on pharmaceuticals, not food crops or spider-goats or biological weapons. But for most of the previous thousands of years, the rule "larger is better" apparently didn't apply to companies, just armies and the like. The US didn't experience its dramatic economic growth in the 1800s by assembling a large and disciplined army; instead, it disassembled large and disciplined slave plantations, moving the agricultural center of the country to smaller, more productive farms in the North. (Farm productivity per acre continued to vary inversely with farm size, worldwide, until the 1970s.) I think it was its network of what we would now consider small industrial companies, coupled with its relatively low level of violence (due to geographic isolation), that enabled it to outstrip many of the Great Powers in economic growth. By contrast, during the Edo period, Japan was an extremely large and disciplined organization --- which produced some remarkable art but also made it militarily and economically weak. So I think the picture is much more complex than, "The success of a society was proportionate to its ability to assemble large and disciplined organizations." I suspect Drucker and Coase's insights may help to provide a more nuanced view. Yes. As Adam Smith sort of points out, they also make greater specialization possible. When you get access to a larger market (through dropping trade barriers, improved transportation technology, population growth, or whatever) you can either expand your business or increase its specialization (making it, one hopes, more efficient). What's interesting is that in the 20th Century the big trend was that people expanded their businesses; now, it seems that people are instead specializing more. Presumably some of the reasons for this are to be found in The Nature of the Firm, but while I don't think Coase has the whole story, I think his viewpoint is helpful here. It's not that people are collaborating in smaller groups than before; we're all still collaborating with everyone else in the economy. It's that the nature of that collaboration is changing from intra-company collaboration to inter-company collaboration. Coase focuses on inter-company collaboration through market mechanisms, but another important kind of collaboration is non-market exchange of information. The vast common body of free software and knowledge that we all share access to is a major reason that we can launch an innovative web site today with one or two people working together for a few months. If you wanted to launch Reddit (or HN) in 1990, you would have had to write client software, set up a modem bank, and ship starter kits to our clients with a CD-ROM and a modem inside. The fact that you can just buy access to the internet cheaply instead is collaboration through the market. So is being able to buy a multi-gigahertz machine with gigabytes of RAM for US$500. But in 1990, you would have had to do a lot more. You would have had to drop US$500 on a compiler from Borland or somebody and write your code in C++. (If you preferred Lisp, you could drop US$3000 or so on a MacIvory from Symbolics instead; they weren't dead at the time. Or Lucid Common Lisp on a Sun, maybe; how much did that cost?) Now we can write our software in PLT Scheme or Python instead. If you wanted to do cool AJAXy effects, even assuming that you could transfer the Web software of 2000 back to 1990, you'd still need to implement all the AJAXy stuff yourself, as I did in 2000, instead of just using Prototype or MochiKit or jQuery. A couple of years earlier, you would have had to use Java. And today, you can run the whole thing on Linux. In 1990, you would have had to buy SunOS, or HP-UX, or Ultrix, or some other such horrible abortion, and the minimum price for that hardware was around $5000. And you probably would have had to recompile your kernel. And when you have trouble load-balancing, you can Google to find out how people set up reverse proxies and round-robin DNS and the like, rather than inventing it for the first time and publishing a paper about it. This growth of the information commons means that you can afford to be much more specialized today. You can focus on the unique aspects of your site, rather than figuring out how to run the first or second global information service. > larger commercial operations tended to be more successful than small ones. It's just that the big ones weren't very big by modern standards. It seems that you have a different idea than Coase about what limited the size of companies; he believed that companies stopped getting bigger because as they got bigger, they started becoming less "successful", in the sense of "profitable". What's your alternative explanation? Johnnie Cochrane and celebrity plastic surgeons don't earn 30× as much as other doctors and lawyers because their compensation is set by a guild; if anything, guilds tend to assign scale and frown on those who charge more (and prosecute those who charge less). They earn 30× as much because people are willing to pay 30× as much for their services. You have a good point here, and I hadn't thought of it that way before. Somewhat related, it does seem like a major factor in the importance of people's software accomplishments (measured economically or however) is the importance of the problem they were trying to solve. Build an easy-to-use web site builder for Microsoft Windows in 1994? Sell to AOL, retire to Switzerland at 35, spend your spare time mentoring the young, designing prosthetic limbs, writing new operating systems in Python, or whatever floats your boat. (Incidentally, to me, that seems like getting paid 10× as much as the average COBOL cubicle drone who retires at 65.) Build it for NeXTStep instead? Nobody will remember. Hamming's "You and Your Research" makes this point about scientific accomplishments: working on great problems is a sine qua non of scientific greatness. To tie back to your point, when someone has some vague notions about what they need done, the first thing you have to do to make incredible software for them is to figure out what they would think was "incredible" — that is, figure out which problems to solve, and which to postpone. Because if you get that wrong, all the rest of your work is more or less wasted. As Hamming points out, it's not enough for the solution of a problem to be desirable; it also has to be feasible. That clearly involves some risk. Michael Jordan is part-owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, actually, and I think there are a number of Google and Microsoft employees who are richer than Michael Jordan (who apparently has about US$400M and recently had to pay US$168M in a divorce settlement). It's true that it's because they're part-owners of Google and Microsoft, but that ownership was granted because of work they did, not (for the most part) because of dollars they contributed. So I think the premise of the article is wrong; some programmers do earn as much as sports stars and star musicians. I don't have a good sense for how the numbers shake out in the aggregate. L. Peter Deutsch, who is by anyone's measure one of history's greatest programmers, spent many years working on basically just GhostScript, basically by himself (code contributions he received were not up to his standards). He made a good living at it and has a substantial amount of savings as a result. I don't really have any idea whether that means US$2M or US$2B, though. Maybe he'll donate some of his savings to some charity and we'll get an idea of their scale. So I think GhostScript might demonstrate, or at least approximate, the limit of what one person working by himself can do. ("Greatest": he wrote approximately the second Lisp interpreter when he was 15; with Butler Lampson he wrote the QED editor, on which ed and thus vi are based; he invented JIT compilation; he did a bunch of stuff at PARC in the 1970s that I don't even know about; and he successfully competed with Adobe in the PostScript RIP market for decades.) The work of programmers scales really well, too. There are a number of pieces of software used by more than a billion people: Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Firefox, Google, Apache, PHP, and the operating system they run on: Linux. And that's exactly why the best-paid programmers make a lot more money than the best-paid soccer stars. Can't you write Rails templates with DreamWeaver? Is it a lot harder than assembling dialog boxes in VB? I've basically never used DreamWeaver and I haven't used VB since 1997, so I don't really know. No problem. (I'd reply privately if I could, so as not to clutter up the thread, sorry.) Oh, sure. I thought he was complaining more about the excessive complexity of modern computing environments, though, the way that mainframe people used to do around 1970, and the way minicomputer people used to do around 1980. Maybe he should try programming an 8-bit AVR. Does Scrum require TDD/BDD? I think BDD is going to be limited where your biggest and hardest requirements are things like, "The game should be fun to play". "Without a lot of brand advertising"? How many ads do you think Tom Cruise buys to promote his personal "brand"? I think the relevant thing is the reputation, not the advertising that might or might not create a better reputation. The reputation is why Tom Cruise makes 50 000× as much as the actor in the community-theater play down the street from you. (Assuming they're even getting paid.) When a producer is negotiating a contract with Tom Cruise, I don't think it enters his mind how much unknown actors in community theater make. I think he's thinking about how many people bought tickets to see the last Tom Cruise movie and his estimate of how many of them went because of Tom Cruise. I don't know enough about hairdressers to know whether the same thing applies to them. It does apply to fashion designers, and in some cases it seems to apply to programmers. Joel's article is about scrapping your existing codebase and starting from scratch. The discussion here is about a new version of the Python interpreter which was made from the old one by means of a bunch of incremental changes, and which will require a bunch of incremental changes in old Python code to run the old code. How is Joel's article relevant here? Cooks at Taco Bell and McDonald's in the US make US$5-$10 per hour‚ which is up to a max of maybe US$6000 per year. Emeril Lagasse got paid US$9 million in 2005, apparently. Wolfgang Puck makes quite a bit of money too. According to " rel="nofollow">http://www.chefschoolreview.com/blog/2006/07/do_chef_salarie... , which also has a list of top chef salaries, "The average non-celebrity executive chef can earn between $125,000 and $250,000 but, according to foodservice.com, the average annual salary is closer to $60,000." There are some guys I know here in Buenos Aires who run a restaurant in their house a couple of nights a week, charging US$50 a plate for up to 20 people. Even they are getting 10× or 20× the pay of an average restaurant cook, and they only work a couple of days a week! Bell Labs named three of their operating systems after castrated men, a notoriously bad movie, and Hell itself. Names that make marketers cringe have a long tradition. I don't think hackers hate Tcl because it's "intimidating". They hate it because it's verbose, slow, and lacking in abstraction power. (Last time I used it, associative arrays weren't first-class, i.e. you can't have a list of anonymous associative arrays; is that still the case?) Also, Tcl was originally aimed at the niche that Lua now occupies — lightweight embedded scripting language — but Tcl is 720k of code while Lua is 82k, and isn't verbose, slow, or lacking in power. Finally, the libraries available for Tcl, while they do cover some pretty important stuff, are a tiny fraction of what's available for C, C++, C#, Java, Perl, Python, or even Ruby. The article says it's "more or less as fast as ... Ruby". Well, that's pretty slow! The string-substitution execution model is easy to explain, and it's easy to do higher-order programming with, but it's very error-prone and very difficult to implement efficiently. If you use Tcl in a disciplined way, you won't have too much trouble with this, but it is not nearly the advantage that this article makes it out to be. Tcl does have some nice advantages: it's optimized for use as a UI with an embedded DSL, not for use as a programming language, and its support for event-driven programming and securely running untrusted code are first-rate. Yosef K. (Yossi Kreinin) recently blogged about some of this. Oh, and you say, "# is a command that ignores its arguments". You're wrong about that; try "# [set x 3]" or "# comments do not end at semicolons; puts hello" if you don't believe me. If I understand correctly, that page says that 34% of modafinil takers reported headaches, compared to 23% of non-modafinil takers, 11% reported nausea (vs. 3%), 7% reported nervousness (vs. 3%), and 5% reported insomnia (vs. 1%). What do you think the numbers for caffeine would be? Caffeine withdrawal is a major cause of headaches, and caffeine is a major cause of nervousness, insomnia, tachycardia, hypertension, dizziness, etc. I'm not saying caffeine is some kind of dangerous drug; I'm just saying that "almost zero side effects in comparison" is at least plausible given the Wikipedia page. Compare the behavior of # to the behavior of puts. If you puts [set x 3], not only does it print out 3, it also sets x to 3. If you # [set x 3], it does not set x to 3, because # is not actually a command that ignores its arguments; it is a comment, just like in Python, Perl, or sh. Similarly, if # were a command, a semicolon would terminate it and start a new command, but it doesn't. The comment continues to the end of the line. You seem to think that dicts aren't associative arrays. I think the last version I did any significant amount of work on was Tcl 8.3. But I wasn't any kind of expert on it then. It might be true that Tcl (8.6?) is faster than Ruby now, but the article that started this thread didn't dare to claim that, and these benchmarks of Tcl 8.5b3 don't support that claim: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/gp4/benchmark.php?test=all... Memory latency problems can be worked around with pipelined requests, if you have enough concurrency in the CPU; memory bandwidth problems can be worked around with more independent banks of memory and more memory channels to the CPU, which means more wires. Both can be worked around by putting more memory locally. Absent such workarounds, it's true that there are some problems (large-mesh finite element analysis, maybe) that more cores won't help with, and other problems that exhibit enough locality (large cellular automata) that more cores will help with. This article observes that some problems are in the first category. It would be absurd to claim that no problems are in the second category. Modafinil is effective in small enough doses that you could put it into just about any beverage you like, just like amphetamine, piracetam, and so on, and unlike ethanol. You may enjoy quaffing toxic organic solvents like ethanol, but I don't particularly fancy the idea myself. For those who don't follow the link, the first link places the US, with 95% confidence intervals: - 25th to 28th among the 40 countries on math; - 12th to 23rd among the 40 countries on reading; - 20th to 27th among the 40 countries on science. The second link just divides the countries into above average, average, and below average. The US is "below average" on math, and no reading rank is reported. What if they give you a sheet of paper, you xerox it there, and then store one copy next to your birth certificate and give the other copy to your regular doctor? I have an immunization record that I keep inside my passport (for yellow-fever reasons). I like GUI Emacs because keys like C-/ work, even if they have no ASCII code, and I don't have to wonder if I'm going to get random backslashes if I try to copy and paste into another window. There really isn't that much difference between switching between Emacs and, say, IRC, by using Alt-Tab or ^A ^A. I didn't remember that you can't have a comment inside of a statement, but you're still wrong! It's true that you can't have comments in as many contexts in Tcl as you can in most languages, but it is not true that they are just ordinary statements; ordinary statements evaluate their arguments. "#" comments don't evaluate their "arguments", don't terminate at semicolons, and you can't redefine the meaning of "#" with "proc", so "#" is special and reserved — just in fewer contexts than in other languages that use it as a comment character. Oops! I was speaking from ignorance. Thank you for the correction! How can you get to dislike a programming language without learning it first, at least well enough to have things you don't like about it? If your reasons for not liking it are "riddled with inaccuracies", then maybe what you don't like about it isn't that language but something else that you have mistaken for that language? He couldn't buy one when he wrote that, but it's also sort of beside the point. Software freedom is about other people having the ability to modify the software they depend on, not about me having the ability (if I spend enough money and time) having that ability. I own my house, even though I have no idea how to move walls and put up new drywall (in my case, I did but it didn't work out as well as I'd hoped). You can hire someone else to put up new drywall. If you can't, you don't own the house; you're just renting. Outsourcing your security to a group of people makes you vulnerable to that group of people, and anybody who can lean on them. As you point out yourself, mobile phone carriers have not proven trustworthy in that way. The guy who buys the phone has the right to choose who they want to trust; mobile carriers blackmailing phone manufacturers into giving them backdoors into this most personal of devices is a violation of that right, and it imperils us all. "Competitive advantage" means roughly "doing things your competitors can't". You can't do that with off-the-shelf tools unless your competitors are in Nigeria and can't afford them. I want to add to the chorus of "What experience are you comparing Visual Studio to?" You're sort of damning it with faint praise by touting things like "evolving towards concurrency" and Microsoft's alpha-quality OCaml clone, F#, as a selling point. Obviously .NET wouldn't have a future if it wasn't doing cloud, functional, concurrent, and support online, but it's sort of chasing the taillights of the open-source community there. Maybe I read more into "cannot be beaten" than you intended. Thanks for sharing your experience! svk? Also BitKeeper was built on SCCS, and ClearCase MultiSite was built on ClearCase. I think "if you wave your hands about usability, if you are the only user, and you don't give a rat's ass about performance," is sufficient --- Ur-Scheme took me a few weeks, and the source and target languages were fairly different, and I hadn't done it before. It compiles its subset of Scheme about 100× slower than gas assembles assembly language. If you have actual compiler-writing tools then it doesn't have to take weeks or even days to write a compiler for a simple language --- if you don't care about performance, if the backend language isn't too much of a pain in the ass, if error reporting is not a major concern. Thing is, though, performance doesn't matter any more. Oh, sometimes it does, yes. If you're writing a C compiler for a computer manufacturer, it certainly does. (Tip: port GCC instead.) But all those people who are using Ruby or Python or Perl or PHP? They aren't going to care if your compiler generates code that's 10× slower than it could be, because it's still 10× faster than what they're used to, and you can probably get them not to care that your compiler executes a million instructions per line of code that it compiles. Thanks! I'm glad my page was helpful. I'm working on a much simpler compiler than Ur-Scheme now. I call it StoneKnifeForth. No, the 90 minutes is the time to explain the compiler, not to write it, as Marc explains at the beginning of that excellent talk. Actually, in my experience, PEGs make parsing not complicated. What kind of visualization tools have you found helpful in manipulating the AST? So far I've found equational reasoning (in my head or on paper) much more helpful than visualization in writing code to manipulate ASTs. And code generation from ASTs does not require a lot of effort when it is not especially difficult; it's really just a tree traversal or two. (As you point out, with optimization it can become arbitrarily difficult.) Noncompete agreements shift some power from employees to owners of capital. A jurisdiction that forbids noncompete agreements will tend to be less attractive to owners of capital and more attractive to employees. But a business generally requires both employees and owners of capital. Whether jurisdictions that forbid noncompete agreements are more attractive to a certain kind of business therefore depends in the short term on whether employees or owners of capital have more power in that kind of business, and in the long term on whether employees or owners of capital are more important to the success of that kind of business. As pg has repeatedly asserted at great length, the capital requirements for software businesses are at an all-time low, so we would expect noncompetes to repel such businesses. Also, if you want to found a company later, it might be easier to get VC from VCs who you aren't currently suing. The company issues shares, but it is a separate entity from its stockholders. The money acquired by selling the shares goes to the company, not the existing stockholders. It results in the company being more valuable, and the existing stockholders (or the board of directors on their behalf) can think this is a worthwhile thing to do if they think the money will be invested well by the company. What does the BusinessWeek article have to do with the company buying back common shares? You are making assertions about what the man wants. Have you talked to him about that? Do you have any basis for your defamatory assertion whatsoever, other than observing that the WSJ has not yet published a Letter to the Editor from him? That doesn't seem plausible; people with Asperger's are harder to manipulate, not easier, especially when they're smarter than you are. Although Asperger's creates its share of frustrations, being unduly influenced by one's emotions and easily influenced by other people's opinions are not among them. That said, it might be what the person who posted the BusinessWeek article was thinking about, if he's a fucking idiot with a neurotypical-centric attitude problem. I'm anti-noncompete too, but my comment wasn't normative, concerned with "pro" and "anti", "should" and "shouldn't"; it was just an attempt to describe the world. (Although my perception might be skewed by my own preferences, hopefully that hasn't made my description inaccurate.) Anyway, from that perspective, what Paul Graham does or doesn't want me to do isn't relevant. I doubt he really wants me to do anything other than make insightful comments, since I'm not working with him. What I'm saying is that the QA guy has more bargaining power if he can go work for your nearest competitor, and perhaps still more bargaining power if there is also no trade-secret law prohibiting him from taking that other information to the competitor, not just himself. (He can't do that legally in California.) So, all else being equal, he's more likely to move from Massachusetts to California than vice versa, especially if he's a really good QA guy who can get a job even when there's a lot of competition. It might be the case that having access to really good QA guys are more important to your business being successful than being able to keep your QA guy from defecting. For example, maybe you're a good guy to work with, so the defecting isn't really a problem, and the difference between okay QA and really good QA is huge. In that case, you'd be better off doing business in California instead of Massachusetts, if that were the only difference between the two places. On the other hand, if the thing that would make or break your business is being able to raise $500 million to build a semiconductor fabrication plant, you might find yourself siting it in Massachusetts (or Oregon, say) instead of California, in order to reassure your investors that they're getting the best possible deal from your employees. So banning non-competes will attract certain businesses: the ones that are good to work for and in which employee skills are much more important for the company profits than, say, employee retention, secrecy, or capital equipment investment. So I think it is especially knowledge and sales businesses that will tend to seek out areas with strong non-compete prohibitions --- not on purpose, but just because that's where the superstar scientists and salespeople are. Inevitably, though, your competitor will learn a lot when they hire someone experienced in the field. Not true; in KeyKOS, for example, the shell had full access to all the files the user had access to, because that is where the user held the keys of their directories. In CapDesk the window system has the same role. In general you need to be able to run "utility" programs like the tmp-remover in the example. That doesn't necessarily mean the author of the utility programs has to be able to send updates without your approval, or that they need to be able to receive communications from their utility program, or that you can't delegate your approval of application updates to a third party who vets the code, or that the utilities can't be small and clear enough that you don't have any doubt about what they're doing, or that all programs need to have full access to your files, or that you can't store your files somewhere where you can roll back undesired deletions. This article is really terrible. It spends half of the article before mentioning the actual contribution of Native Client, which is that it securely sandboxes C programs with little effort on the programmer's part, confuses source code analysis with object code analysis, talks about memory virtualization for security as if it had been invented in 2008 instead of ~1965 (and as if it weren't already a feature of every mainstream OS), glosses over the API differences and the difficulty of designing a secure OS API, and confuses Intel (one ARM licensee) with ARM. In summary, it is an unreliable article written by someone without a clue. Oh, Hacker News is for news? When Valleywag (Owen) published an unsubstantiated rumor that Matt Mullenweg was cheating on Glenda, that wasn't lack of class. That was malicious disregard for the truth, unless Owen knew it was false, in which case it was outright lying. Integrity excludes malicious disregard for the truth. If you think KeyKOS's security scheme was "somewhat weak", you should read the DTOS review of it (in http://www.cs.utah.edu/flux/fluke/html/dtos/HTML/final-docs/... ), which was mostly positive. It includes a pretty balanced picture of its pluses and minuses, although it doesn't seem to have been based on experience actually using KeyKOS. If your files belong to your applications instead of to you, or if your sandboxes don't nest, then your sandboxing scheme is pretty lame. Most of the time there are worse cases than just deleting your documents: the utility could send all of your documents to its owner over the internet. You can prevent this with sandboxing policies too; KeyKOS solved an analogous problem in the context of a multiuser non-networked mainframe. More difficult is to keep it from inserting backdoors into your programs or subtly corrupting your files. I don't see how the solution "then you roll back to your previous backup" is dependent upon only the utility only having access to a single sandbox. It seems like it works just as well if you give it access to everything except your basic UI (and the TCB it depends on, e.g. the kernel, the bootloader) and your backups. It could be a problem for device vendors, but it shouldn't be a problem for web sites that want to serve ARM9 devices with MMUs, such as Intel's StrongARMs; the Native Client approach will work fine on ARM, although it will take some work to make it happen. The bit about "Intel's ARM chips" is pretty goofy, though. There are lots of ways of implementing sandboxing; I think capability systems are the most elegant and flexible, but I don't know for sure that they are the best way, given that the judge is the messy real world, not mathematical abstractions. I was arguing that the other guy was right that sandboxing in itself is not sufficient; you still do need to have a way to deal with code that you give the full run of your system, even if you keep the amount of that code to a minimum. Could you piggyback RAM by soldering it on top of the existing chips, bending out a single chip-enable pin so it alone wasn't in parallel with the existing chips, and soldering it to a wire? I had an H89 with 64K of RAM; the last 16K was hacked in that way. I think it's prety inexcusable that this software, or any software, might be denied. I don't think that's the deal; I think the reason it's interesting is that Newber has $500k hanging in the balance, and Apple's commitment is zero. They can vaporize that $500k instantly by saying no, or slowly by never responding. This is not a good position to be in, and it dramatizes what a lot of people (investors more than hackers) have been feeling about iPhone development. And that's why Sumerian investment banks rule the world today. To get your $300 million number, you're assuming a 5% risk-free return on investment over 400 years. I very much doubt that you would have received a 5% return on investment by investing in a diversified international portfolio of joint stock corporations from 1608, leaving aside the great likelihood that you would have lost everything by personally being a victim of one war or another, as the Cherokees did on the Trail of Tears, as the Jews and Gypsies did in the Holocaust, as many of the Guaraníes did in the War of the Triple Alliance, etc. Would you support trade unions being allowed to organize internationally? How about international environmental regulation, like the one that overturned California's MTBE ban? Do you think these institutions can be made to work as well in the world as they do inside the US? (Not that they work well inside the US, but they are currently much weaker internationally.) You can git clone it from http://canonical.org/~kragen/sw/tinybootstrap.git if you like. To summarize, their new strategy is to make allegations of copyright infringement, in response to which, ISPs will voluntarily cut off people's internet access, without the music industry having to prove any copyright infringement in court. Presumably if there were a free market in ISPs, this wouldn't work; the alleged copyright infringers would simply switch to ISPs that didn't have agreements in place with the music industry. So the strategy depends on either suing the ISPs (in violation of the DMCA safe harbor clause? There's no mention of a counter-notice provision) or internet service monopolies who can be bribed. If effective, this would grant a music industry association the power to unilaterally exclude people from participating in the public sphere: no access to Google, no access to Wikipedia, no emailing your lawyer, no blogging about how the music industry is corrupt. Given their remarkable lack of precision in filing lawsuits in the past, let alone their decades-long history of criminal conspiracies and abusive business practices, it seems irresponsible to allow this to happen. I hope you folks in the US can do something about it. To read this document, I would either need to install Flash or sign up for a Scribd account to download the PDF. Is there another place where the document can be found? Is it possible to redirect the original article link to a place with an open-access version of the document? This argument is applicable only to code that runs on only a small number of machines. Using roughly his numbers, you can afford to pay somebody US$100 000 to work for a whole year to make your code 10% faster if that code uses 100% of a million dollars' worth of hardware, which is only 200 high-end US$5000 servers or gaming machines, or 2000 low-end servers. But that's assuming that the benefit of the speed improvement is merely improved throughput resulting in data-center savings. If the issue is that your non-AJAX UI is frustratingly and inconsistently slow and so your ex-customers have switched to your competitors' AJAX app because it has consistent 200ms response times when they click on buttons, it may not matter if their app actually uses more CPU cycles than yours (because half of it is written in JavaScript and your ex-customers aren't running Chrome yet.) If your game gets 20 frames per second and your competitor's game gets 35 frames per second with nicer-looking graphics, you're going to lose sales, even if the customers run the game for only 10 hours each. And that's why gamer games and desktop apps are still written largely in C, C++, or Java with some Lua, and Google's large-scale apps are mostly written in C++ and Java, while small-scale server-based applications and the stuff developed by the in-house IT guys are written in all kinds of higher-productivity, lower-performance languages. Yes, you're right; the market would merely have to be somewhat competitive, not some ahistorical wet dream of Hayek. Regardless of whether monopolists and oligopolists are good or bad in general, I was only trying to establish that in the presence of oligopoly, the RIAA's strategy would be very bad, and in the absence thereof, it would be ineffectual. Yes, I agree, although it might be worth an hour of your time to improve the app's responsiveness if it makes the customers happier. In this case he was using the username "celtics" to provide updates about the Boston Celtics, with their logo as the page background. “Secondly, he saw an opportunity when most people did not, so he should totally benefit from it.” That happened to my wife a couple of months ago; she was trying to use her laptop on the street to record a protest, and someone saw an opportunity where most people did not, and ran off carrying her laptop. I bet he benefited from that. That someone “saw an opportunity when most people did not” doesn't really tell you anything about whether exploiting that opportunity is moral or immoral. Because you worry there wouldn't be a unique way to link to you, or because you don't want your potential customers to know who thinks they're your competitor, or because you're worried people would get confused? DNS's dispute resolution process is pretty badly broken, don't you think? Awesome, you rock! If it were effective, its benefit to investors might exceed the cost to companies; in that case it wouldn't be a tax increase but, effectively, a decrease along with a change in the tax structure. ...and you're not bothering to tell us who it is, so someone from HN might get suckered into working for them next month. It would have taken longer to get working in C, which would have dramatically increased the probability that the project would have gotten killed before it saw users (it sounded like a pretty stupid site to me at first!), and it would be harder to rev the UI and features as often as they did before they hit the scaling problems. But a message server in Ruby with Eventmachine wouldn't have been that hard, would it? I hear there's this material called "flint" that works well for that kind of thing; if you hit it at the right angle with a rock, it forms a sharp edge, very similar to your teeth, and you can use the edge to cut all sorts of things. You fail at reading comprehension. That would be the "ineffectual" branch of my argument. Do rocks make you sad? Or is it the conchoidal fractures? If anything, the sales distribution he shows is significantly flatter than a normal Zipf ("long-tail" or "scale-free" or "80/20") distribution, as you would expect in a free market; app #1 should sell 50× as much as app #50, not merely 10–20× as much, and 100× as much as app #100, not merely 30–50×. It's great that unknown developers can get free marketing by making it to the App Store's top 50 list. Maybe that's why the distribution is flatter than you'd expect? Several people in the blog comments have cited the “camel has two humps” paper, which still hasn’t made it through peer review. There have been some failures to replicate the study. Perhaps their results were an artifact of the authors’ teaching style, i.e. they were just terrible at teaching, so the students who entered the class without knowing the material failed? I’m very skeptical of results that claim that some large fraction of the population is incapable of some mental feat like programming. 500 years ago the same was thought of reading, writing, and arithmetic. (also posted to the blog comments) I had a good experience working for a company like that, actually. I said, “That someone “saw an opportunity when most people did not” doesn't really tell you anything about whether exploiting that opportunity is moral or immoral.”. Your response was a complete non-sequitur, and furthermore it appeared to attribute to me a position including material facts that are probably false. In the comment to which I am replying, you have called me an “asshole.” I appreciate your expressed concern for the constructiveness of the conversation. May I suggest that you try a different strategy if a constructive conversation is what you seek? Putting words in the mouths of other participants and name-calling may not be the most effective way to engage in a constructive conversation. I was just pointing out that rokhayakebe's syllogism, “Secondly, he saw an opportunity when most people did not, so he should totally benefit from it,” depends on an absurd unstated premise. Whether this blogger who we’re talking about happens to be a robo-spamming scumbag or not isn’t really relevant to that. And that is why you fail at reading comprehension. Don't forget Dan Farmer also worked on SATAN. And FWIW the name history on Postfix was: VMailer, then (in parallel) IBM Secure Mailer (forgotten) and Postfix (alive). Wietse's previous work (tcp_wrappers?) didn't have particularly suit-unfriendly names either. Maybe it was Dan who suggested SATAN? That's what I thought! Thanks. There are people who attain native-level proficiency in foreign languages as adults. It is true that children more often do it, but it also seems to take them longer. How many hours a week did you study German in college? I think children growing up in Germany typically study it about 70 to 90 hours a week if their parents are foreigners, or 110 hours a week otherwise, and it takes them about six or seven years to reach a high level of proficiency. By contrast, an acquaintance of mine studied Mandarin Chinese only 40 hours a week as an adult (22-year-old I think) for six months, and then spent the next several years transcribing and analyzing intercepted Chinese telephone conversations 40 hours a week for the next couple of years, thereby achieving a native level of proficiency. So my alternative hypothesis is that kids learn languages well because they try really hard for tens of thousands of hours, while adults rarely do. You know, most ELF executables do have a .comment section, and IIRC Java includes comment text in its *.class files, and comments are included in the HTML and XML DOMs. So it's not a completely insane question. In Pascal, Ada, PL/1, Perl, and C, array assignment or passing an array as a parameter results in a new copy of the array, at least under some circumstances. (For example, in Pascal, it has to be a value parameter, not a var parameter, and in C, the array has to be inside a struct.) These are not exactly obscure languages, so it's surprising that you assert there are no languages that work that way. Do you know any languages other than Java? “Every real language has types,” you say. Except for BLISS, BCPL, almost any assembly language, Forth, B, the Bourne shell, dc, QED, TECO, sed, and old versions of Tcl, to name a few. Again, these are not obscure languages; every piece of software you use is inspired by some of them and implemented in part in others. (There are also languages like Python in which there are only dynamic types, but I agree with your point of view that those are still types.) And that's why I downmodded your comment: not because it was arrogant, but because it was wrong. Maybe this is missing the point, but have you gotten your vision tested? Maybe you're farsighted or nearsighted. I think the world looks a lot more beautiful when it's in sharp focus. You still fail at reading comprehension. You were the one who complained about the discussion not being "constructive," not me. (In the same sentence where you called me an "asshole".) I was just pointing out that you weren't really behaving in a way that often leads to constructive discussion. Consider it a tip. No charge! Feel free to call me an "asshole" as often as you please, if that's what melts your butter. Or a "motherfucker" or "dickhead" if you like. It really doesn't matter to me. But it probably won't lead to constructive conversation! I pretty much gave up hope of constructive discussion when you put words in my mouth, totally failed to understand what I wrote, and accused Twitter of taking a bribe. So I decided to make fun of you instead. Awesome :) Me, I'm in Argentina. We're discussing the conduct of money managers over the last few years, not the stock market in general. What matters for that purpose is not whether he's right for most ten-year stretches; it's whether he would be right for most stretches in which money managers played martingale games as widely as they have in the last few. (If you limit it to ten-year stretches, you can game the metric by adjusting the frequency of the negative outcome to once per century.) Since the expectation (integral of probability density times outcome) of such games can be net-negative, he might be. It depends on how prevalent those games are. There's another angle, too. What matters for the economy as a whole is not one player's expected outcome, but the sum of the expected outcomes over all the players. Aha, cool. Thanks! Are you in China? Maybe, instead, programming is as central to philosophy as mathematics is. One quibble. Graham believes the early philosophers were encouraged by the progress in maths. But was there really much progress before Euclid's Elements...? See http://people.hsc.edu/drjclassics/texts/socrates.shtm : So how else can we know anything if we can’t use our senses? Well, like many others of his time, Socrates was a Pythagorean, a follower of the pre-Socratic philosopher Pythagoras. Now Pythagoras believed that the entire cosmos worked according to mathematical principles – in other words, that there was a plan, a great cosmic dance orchestrated by a divine intelligence. So if that's true, then certainly Socrates’ worldview (as presented by Plato) was very Pythagorean, and the Pythagorean worldview was very much founded on the power of math. And you can find Socrates demonstrating math in some of the dialogues. I don't think that needing thirty thousand hours of practice to learn something qualifies as learning it "easily", and that's how long children normally take to learn their first language. Adults can often learn new languages to an expert or native level of competency in only ten or twenty thousand hours of practice. What's exceptional is the adult who takes that amount of time to learn a language, challenging themselves and trying to improve the whole time. (Exceptional adults may be able to do it in less time, and far less time to achieve a lower level of competency. Sidis supposedly could "learn" a new language in a day.) I count 23 in a PEG language without repetition. Here's an expanded version of your fragment that runs successfully: # from http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=404609 bar = 3 bat = 4 baz = 5 puts(("foo #{bar} %s %s" % [bat, baz]) * 2.+(0b0010)) And here's a grammar for the subset of Ruby it uses: this I have tested it (in http://github.com/kragen/peg-bootstrap/tree/master/peg.md ) and it seems to work for that fragment, although I haven't examined the parse tree to see if it's right. (Obviously the definition of namechar is wrong, and there's no $end token separating statements, and you can't call methods on things that aren't constants or self, etc.) I think I can see how MapReduce could be argued to be a "game-changer" (although I'm not sure it's true), but why F#? If I understand correctly, it's basically OCaml on the CLR. So you get a Python-like brevity of code (and ease of programming? maybe it has better error messages than OCaml?} with C# performance and access to the CLR libraries. That sure sounds useful, but why is it a "game-changer"? Erlang gets a lot of its syntax and implementation technology from Prolog, but it's true that the distinctive things about Erlang (massive shared-nothing concurrency, supervision trees, tuples, pattern-matching on binaries) have nothing in common with the distinctive things about Prolog (backtracking). They both have pattern-matching, but so do lots of other languages (even Python to a small extent). I'm pretty sure Prolog is still being used, but it doesn't have the buzz of, say, Fortran or COBOL or Pascal. All practical Lisps (including Schemes) already have those data structures. In fact, many of them are required even by R5RS. No, not even close. Those guys should be in jail, not paying fines. It's too bad it took a foreign country to even levy a fine. SVG itself has no good implementations. Does SVG mobile? Writing a specification with awesome capabilities is a lot easier than writing the software. Some parts of SVG are supported by those browsers; other parts aren't. Generally the implementations are pretty slow and, last I checked, unstable too. No. CUDA yes. Cg yes. HLSL yes. Verilog yes. VHDL yes. C++ or Java with MapReduce yes. PHP and MySQL with memcached yes. Erlang yes — and it really is functional, inside each process, anyway — that is, the level where you aren't getting any parallelism . Octave or R, potentially, but not today, as far as I know. Mathematica yes, and it, too, is mostly functional. In theory, side effects are what make parallelism hard, and so languages whose semantics are side-effect-free (unlike F# or Mathematica or Erlang) should make it easy. So we all thought in 1980. Since then we spent 20 years or so trying to make that happen, and it basically didn't work. There are basically four kinds of parallelism within easy reach today. There's SIMD, like MMX, SSE, 3DNow, AltiVec, and the like; you'd think that data-parallel languages and libraries like Numpy and Octave would be all over this, but except for Mathematica, that doesn't seem to be happening. There's running imperative code on a bunch of tiny independent processors that share no data; AFAIK that's what the shader languages are doing. There's instruction-level parallelism on a superscalar processor, which largely benefits from things like contiguous arrays in memory, or maybe what Sun is doing with Niagara, where the processor pretends to be a bunch of tiny independent slow processors. And then there's splitting up your data across a shared-nothing cluster, which is how every high-traffic web site works, and that's what MapReduce makes simpler. Uh, and then there's designing your own hardware or programming FPGAs, which is what Verilog and VHDL are for. Languages like OCaml (I don't know anything about F# except that it's like OCaml, but for the CLR) have no special advantage for any of these scenarios. They don't even have the theoretical advantage that they have no side effects and therefore you can speculatively multithread them without breaking the language semantics. They do have the massive practical disadvantage, in most of the scenarios I described, of needing unpredictable amounts of memory, having massive libraries, and using pointers all over the place. Using pointers all over the place kills your locality of reference and your ILP. Having massive libraries and using unpredictable amounts of memory makes it impossible to run them inside your GPU and means they can't run on an FPGA (except by using external memory, like the awesome Reduceron). And nothing about the language semantics helps with SIMD either. So, sheesh, go read Alan Bawden's dissertation or whatever, but don't go around claiming that ML (or even Haskell) is going to magically make your algorithms parallel. We tried that. It didn't work. We're trying something else now. The main thing Joe Developer lacks to do parallel programming is massively parallel hardware, and if he's happy with just getting a 100× speedup with GPGPU hacking, maybe he doesn't even lack that. High-performance parallel programming has very little to do with functional programming languages, today and in the foreseeable future. And please, PHP and MySQL? For computation? Are you serious? What do you think people use PHP and MySQL for, fertilizing flowerpots? Computation is all they do! Obviously the PHP5 interpreter isn't the most computationally efficient medium in the world, but it's where it's at when it comes to horizontal web site scaling, i.e. parallelism. Yes. I strongly recommend against RimuHosting for reasons that should be released in a few weeks. I keep saying this, there is more to computing than websites. I'm aware of that; I wasn't suggesting that people should be programming their websites in Verilog, after all. But running websites is part of computing. I completely concede your point that F#/OCaml/FP in general has little to offer when it comes to serving up web pages more quickly. That wasn't my point; I think functional programming might have a lot to offer when it comes to serving up web pages more quickly, and especially programming web-server software more easily. My point was that functional programming doesn't have a lot to offer when it comes to making your code more parallel. Formatting records from a database for display on a client device isn't all that different since the 80s anyway. I cannot imagine in what sense this sentence could be true. The database architectures, the languages used, the required level of efficiency, the CPU architectures, the scale of operations, the kinds of failure we expect from components, the structure of the machines (then SMP mainframes, now shared-nothing clusters of thousands of computers), the type of people doing it, the client devices, the networks, the formatting, and the nature of the data have all changed dramatically since the 80s. I care about, for example, people not trying to do Monte Carlo work in Java because that's the organization's "standard" language. A language like F# that it is acceptable to use in a large organization with arbitrary standards made by non-technical people is a huge deal. Do you think doing Monte Carlo work in Java is bad? Because of performance? Last I heard, the optimizations in the CLR's JIT were pretty minimal, while the Java JITs had pretty much reached parity with GCC and were breathing down icc's neck. (What Fortran compilers do people use these days?) Maybe you should get excited about people doing Monte Carlo work in Scala instead? Anyway, whether a language is pleasant to program in or has a good compiler has very little to do with whether it helps you take advantage of available hardware parallelism — unless the way in which the compiler is good is that it auto-vectorizes your loops or supports HPF directives or something. As far as I know, F# and Java are equally abysmal at that. I didn't know about it! From a cursory look (all I can find is presentation slides?), it doesn't sound like you'll be able to take any off-the-shelf Haskell subroutines and run them in parallel on the GPU; rather, it's an embedded DSL for constructing shader programs. So I imagine you'd have to learn both CUDA and Obsidian to use it. But it would be awesome if someone came along and proved me wrong. Bar Camp Buenos Aires last year was lots of fun; you can check out my post about it. I missed it this year. It's true that Chile is more capitalist; that could be an advantage or disadvantage depending on your point of view. My wife and I just got our work visas last week after working on it for a year and a half. (It's much easier if you aren't trying to set up a new Argentine company, without Argentine employees or partners, at the same time.) This is a very dubious assertion. What is your underlying theory of value from which you can deduce that assembling a car creates "REAL value," while fixing one (a service) or designing one on contract (also a service) doesn't? First you said: Real value is created only in manufacturing, industry and agriculture. Service, finance and so on are add-ons to those fields. Then you said: I did not say that all service industries do not create value. Actually, you did, in the comment I just quoted, less than a day earlier. What is wrong with your brain , child? Value is created by scarcity. Not only is that a stupid theory of value, it also fails to justify the conclusions you're trying to justify with it: waitresses (and the services they provide) are quite a bit scarcer than, say, corn. Maybe you should test your theory of value by trying to give up something abundant for a few days. Try oxygen. Then you can tell me if oxygen has any value. You have completely failed to articulate a meaningful distinction between autoworkers and waitresses, or between "real value" and whatever its opposite is (illusory value?). Imagine a society with 30 million waitresses and 5 farmers. Those extra waitresses are useless, and such a society cannot work. ... A waitress is no value, a programmer is a lot of value, ... Unless you have robots to plow and harvest (which is harder than it sounds) being constructed by other robots, a society with 30 million programmers and 5 farmers can't work either; neither can you have a society with 30 million iron-ore miners or 30 million autoworkers and 5 farmers. One recent HN thread on the current state of this research: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=404248 The conclusion was, I think, that psychologists no longer believe that children learn languages more easily than adults. Regardless of whether he would need to, or what kind of person would do such a thing, that's exactly what he did. 50 or so in my case. But the person who thinks the feature doesn't exist has a karma of 2053. Maybe it's not conditioned just on karma? Thanks for the clarification! Yeah, I agree that the thread doesn't constitute very strong evidence for that conclusion, but both of us ended up concluding that after the thread. Your thought experiment is very interesting. It would indeed be very straightforward to invent a language that relied on absolute pitch; modems use such languages, after all. It would be straightforward for humans to use languages which, in this way, would be very difficult to learn as adults. So I wonder why there aren't any languages like that? As far as I know, all tone languages use relative pitch rather than absolute pitch. Vocal range isn't an adequate answer, since you could transpose the pitches into the octave or two that a particular speaker could cover comfortably. I think you could get them for less than that by 1994, like $5,000. But then Jim Clark gave up trying to turn SGI into a mass-market company and went to go start some software company. The page is broken: "Service Temporarily Unavailable". I guess that's why you shouldn't host your pages on GeoCities. I was a member of the first coworking space in San Francisco for a few weeks toward the end --- the one at Spiral Muse. I've also been to the (now defunct) hacklab here in Buenos Aires, to SuperHappyDevHouse (which is sort of an intermittent hacker space), to TechShop, to some classes at the Crucible, and gone to Wiki Wednesday at Citizen Space, and I'm considering signing up as a client of CoworkCentral here. So, given this broad but shallow experience, I think coworking spaces don't have much in common with hacker spaces; coworking spaces (IME) are a place where people go primarily to work (and aren't necessarily hackers, nor are they necessarily going to be happy with you interrupting their work to ask for help with your own), while hacker spaces are where they go to spend time with other hackers and work on fun stuff that you aren't getting paid for, in a fun collaborative setting. You might meet cofounders of a company at a hacker space and then go start your company in a coworking facility. I recognize that my experience on both sides is pretty shallow, though. noahlt writes: "Except maybe that coworking facilities already exist and work." I'm pretty sure hacker spaces have been around a few more years than coworking spaces. What do you think about TechShop? Yes, but you can survive without alcohol, caffeine, sex, and reckless driving. Without salt you die, painfully and fairly soon. I think that was what "anewaccountname" was quibbling about. It's pretty difficult to not get enough salt unless you're fasting or in a hot climate. Why are we tolerating this kind of witch-hunting? This is very little different from arresting people because they know how to read or wear glasses. They ought to be arresting the kids who don't have chemical labs in their garages for criminal lack of curiosity. What's the current legal status of bundling the JRE with your application? I seem to recall that fairly recently (three or four years ago) you had to download it from Sun and "sign" a clickwrap agreement in order to get it working. Thanks! Impossible to say, since he doesn't tell us who they are. The issue isn't with the absence of mouse gestures; it's with the absence of link targets. I want to second this --- I don't like working in places that are exclusionary, that privilege gender (or, say, ethnicity0 above talent. It's not about the eye candy. Generally places that you'd only want to work if you were male are not places I want to work. To have "a good ROI via recruiting," never mind the etc., he just has to improve his profits by more than 40k per year, by making better products than he would have otherwise, by hiring better people than he would have otherwise --- or by having to pay 40k less per year in salary, although that seems less likely. Although the chain of causality here has a lot of randomness attached to it, if he has a few million dollars in revenue per year, such an improvement hardly seems implausible. The flip side is that spending a lot of money on something apparently unnecessary might incline you to spend more money on things that are actually unnecessary. (I'm assuming "a good ROI" means 4% per year.) Since that's the case, the Opera feature to mention is something about successfully opening JavaScript links in new windows, not mouse gestures; talking about the mouse gestures just confused me. No. Ponzi schemes are zero-sum; that's why they're doomed to failure when they promise above-unity average returns. Academia discovers knowledge; once the knowledge is discovered, everyone everywhere benefits from it, but especially in academia. It's as far from zero-sum as you can get! The "leverage" of N Ph.D. students per [insert desired definition of success] position amplifies the effectiveness of academia considerably, but academia would still work more or less the same way without it. (I am not now and have never been an academic, although I've spent a fair bit of time with academics. Consequently I am both reasonably-well-informed and minimally biased.) For most things I agree that showing is better than telling, but bias is different. If someone is in a position to judge whether my point of view is biased, then they already have a clearer idea of the truth than I do, so they don't benefit from reading my expression of that point of view. It's the people who don't already know what I have to say (or don't already know that it's false, if I am in error) who need to know how biased I am. So I gave some information about my background, which I hope will give readers a better chance of forming an accurate idea of my state of objectivity and ignorance. I paste from http://del.icio.us/kragen/jpg . I'm as happy to see these guys fail as I am to see Bernie Madoff. 2007-06-03 http://www.flickr.com/groups/jpgmag/discuss/7215760022357183... Clarifications in The Unofficial JPG Magazine Group on Flickr, thread started by Paul Cloutier 2007-05-17 730 words from Paul Cloutier about what happened with the JPG blowup. Still doesn't explain why the first 6 issues are still missing from the issues page, why the official 8020 blog is still full of lies, etc. tagged: paul-cloutier fraud jpg 2007-05-19 http://www.flickr.com/groups/jpgmag/discuss/7215760022221027... "context is everything", a discussion thread in The Unofficial JPG Magazine Group, started 2007-05-16 1200 words from Alana, the wife of Paul Cloutier, adding no new information to the scandal over Paul deleting the old JPG issues and rewriting history, but calling Derek Powazek a liar. Derek responds in 650 more words. tagged fraud paul-cloutier 8020 jpg 2007-05-18 http://www.8020publishing.com/blog/2007/05/dereks_departur.h... Derek's Departure, from Paul Cloutier, via 8020 Publishing Blog 200 words subtly announcing his decision to back off on rewriting JPG Magazine's history, without acknowledging that it was his dishonesty that led to Derek's departure or providing an alternate explanation. tagged decentralization-stories 8020 fraud paul-cloutier jpg http://powazek.com/posts/534 The Real Story of JPG Magazine, from Derek Powazek, 2007-05-14 1500 words on JPG Magazine/8020/Paul Cloutier's new campaign of lying and rewriting history. "People are too smart and well-connected to believe a lie anymore." JPG published nice photos from Flickr etc. on paper. tagged decentralization-stories communication 8020 fraud paul-cloutier jpg Oh, I think the complaint was that normally middle-click opens things in a new tab (which it does, and has since Mosaic 1.0, except that before we had tabs they were windows) but that doesn't work with Picasa or whatever, because they're JavaScript links. Mutt's threads aren't all-in-a-page; you only see one message at a time. I'm almost inspired to build a web site in Fortran. I agree that it has a bunch of novel ideas, but I wouldn't list the register-based VM and table optimizations among them; register-based VMs go back to the 1950s, depending on how you want to count, and using different representations for tables used as arrays and tables used as hashes (that's what you mean by "table optimizations", right?) is pretty unsurprising. I'm not saying it isn't a great engineering achievement; I never would have predicted that those things would have been worth the cost in Lua's context, and they were, brilliantly so. I would instead list their one-pass-compiler implementation of flat closures and their approach to continuations, and especially integrating continuations with C code calling back into Lua. I second the recommendation of the paper. I also think their paper on LPEG is worth reading for anyone who is considering using regular expressions or yacc or ANTLR for anything: http://www.inf.puc-rio.br/~roberto/docs/peg.pdf If you had implemented a simple string search, and then someone told you that it was usually possible to do a string search without examining all the characters of the string, you'd probably come up with some Boyer-Moore variant. Nevertheless it took decades for people to come up with it. It's one of those cases where the basic idea is the really hard part. Binary search, among the very basic algorithms, is toward the other extreme. An incorrect version of the algorithm was published something like 20 years before a bug-free version was published. The fact that Eric Raymond generated both of those ideas refutes your assertion. It's an interesting question how much code you can copy under the fair use doctrine. I don't think I've ever seen it tested in court. Yes, I agree that stack-based VMs are more common than register-based VMs, and it was an unusual decision on the part of the Lua folks to choose a register-based VM, particularly given their emphasis on implementation simplicity. And it appears to have paid off, which is pretty cool! I'm glad you've enjoyed the various links. I meant the way it behaves as both a dict and a table You mean, a dict and an array? I'm not sure I agree with their decision to unify those structures, but it does seem not to have cost them much implementation complexity or performance. You could have written your CGI scripts in Tcl too --- it was also dynamic, interpreted, and widely available. But Perl was better. Do you mean, "was not as unambiguous "? Dijkstra also used to talk about how computing science was a particularly difficult branch of mathematics, basically for the same reason that Vanier is asserting; he recommended that only particularly good mathematicians should switch to computing science, leaving the mediocre mathematicians to what they were already doing. I think in the early days Tim was more interested in writing literary criticism of sci-fi than in making a buck, although I didn't know him. However, his book on Frank Herbert remains the only work of literary criticism I've ever read in full. I had a coworker who used to use "in reality" in place of "actually", which is even worse. Usually he used it immediately prior to statements that needed quite a bit of justification. It used to drive me nuts. Eventually I realized that when he said, "in reality," he meant, "in my opinion," and from then on we got along much better. Areas other than intelligence, perhaps. Congratulations on being smart enough to ask stupid questions! Here's what Jake Appelbaum, one of the Noisebridge founders, said about this discussion: There are huge differences. Noisebridge, a 501c3 in San Francisco, is tangentially related to the so-called "hackerspaces" movement. Coworking is a gym, Noisebridge is a community. Coworking spaces are quiet places to do your day job. Noisebridge is a place to learn why your kernel module isn't working by talking to the person to your left. The person to your left just happens to be a kernel hacker and she is totally happy to talk to you; she's there for both social and technical reasons. It's a safe space for asking questions and it's a safe space to find the answers together. It's the kind of place where you drag a safe in off of the street and learn how to crack it. Because you're spending your spare time with ten other people interested in understanding mechanical locks, it will open. Jack Crenshaw's "Let's Build a Compiler" gives a tutorial in Pascal of how to do this. My own StoneKnifeForth compiles itself in an AST-free way in less than 120 lines of code, but I haven't released it yet. Ur-Scheme ( http://canonical.org/~kragen/sw/urscheme/ ) doesn't have any intermediate representation other than the S-expression representation of the code; it uses that to perform closure analysis. Probably an AST is the easiest form to perform this on. The Lua guys came up with an implementation technique for closures that doesn't require building a parse tree first, but it's quite a bit more complicated. Nationalizing health insurance might improve quality; the quality of health care in the US is pretty appallingly bad, compared to, say, Argentina. I hear health care in nearly all the other OECD countries is also nationalized, lower in cost, and higher in quality than in the US, but I only have personal experience with health care in the US, Argentina, Canada, and the Federated States of Micronesia (where I can assure you that health care is terrible). Admittedly the health care we've used so far here in Argentina hasn't been the public system, but I hear it's not that bad either. The downmodded poster is civilly proposing that we essentially outlaw speculative public investments — those in companies that don't yet have significant revenue. Under the policy suggested (price to yearly revenue of no more than 8×), the Industrial Revolution would not have happened, nor would the semiconductor revolution or the software industry. Furthermore, their policy would periodically prohibit trading in any companies that had large revenue volatility — except at fire-sale prices. You can make an argument that these are desirable social aims, or at least they are drawbacks that are worth the costs, but the poster has not attempted to make such a case. Consequently others assume that they don't know what they're talking about, or that they're deliberately proposing a dumb idea in order to get reactions ("trolling"). Extremely basic article, written in poor English, fails to explain the real reasons GC isn't used in the places where it isn't used, full of vague pronouncements ("it makes execution flow very un-predictable and hence GC becomes almost mandatory"). And it misses the big advantages of garbage collection: by allowing you to handle arbitrary-sized data structures as easily as if they were integers, it makes your programs easier to understand — not just easier to read! Not worth reading. Looks like fun! What kind of drivers does it have? And what license? If you want it to be public domain, you could use the Creative Commons Public Domain Deed to clarify that. Right now, if I were to download your code, decide not to use it, write something similar, make a successful commercial open-source product from it, and then you got hit by a bus and your sister inherited your copyright, she could sue me on the theory that you didn't really know what it meant when you said, "I suppose you could say it's public domain." It's a little depressing to hear you say it took you three months working really hard, because it means it would probably take me about the same time. (I have no reason to think I'm any smarter than you are.) Maybe I should stick to AVRs for real-time stuff... So if you can just put the main program statements into the file without wrapping it in a function or anything, it's a "scripting language", but if you have to wrap it in a main() function or something, it's not? That's a definition of "scripting language" that includes x86 assembly for MS-DOS .COM files as a "scripting language", but excludes VBScript macros for Microsoft Word, I think. Now, I don't know what you think, but these two languages seem to me to be almost perfect exemplars of the opposite extremes from how this definition would classify them. x86 assembly for .COM files has no type checking, no type coercion, no strings, no hash tables, very little in the way of runtime support (it pretty much owns the whole machine when it's running, under actual MS-DOS anyway, and you have to build everything yourself), takes months to learn enough about a computer to program in, typically is only used by fairly hard-core programmers, and there are no compatible interpreter implementations. VBScript is strongly dynamically typed, has strings, is used to "script" an existing application, runs in an interpreter, and is typically used by people who don't think of themselves as programmers. So I suggest that Matz's definition may not really express what people are normally thinking of when they say "scripting languages". Great! That's awesome! (Although it's true that CC-BY isn't really intended for software, it's open-source and IIRC GPL-compatible, so it's plenty good enough for me. The 4-clause BSD license recommended by the other poster is not GPL-compatible.) AVRs are these fun little cheap microcontrollers; the Arduinos and Chalkroaches, among other things, use them. Writing enough code to drive a couple of on-board UARTs and switch between some real-time processes on an ATMega AVR would be a thing to do in an evening or a week, not three months. So three months to do the same thing due to the unnecessary complexities of PC hardware is kind of depressing! It's a little less depressing if you were only working on it, like, 8 hours a week or something. Um, where I was complaining about the quality of the prose in the original article, I wrote "not just easier to read " when I meant "not just easier to write ". Serves me right, I guess. Oh, well, a month part-time doesn't sound so bad. And I already have a lot of the subpar Intel documentation in my head. I think you can be a very clever guy and still have misunderstandings of how neural networks work. They aren't contradictory! What do you think "semantics" means? What part of South America do you live in? Your description could fit biking here in Buenos Aires. Operating systems are a means to an end other than building an application. Libraries are a means to the end of building an application. Operating systems are a means to a different end: running multiple applications together. The way that operating systems do this has changed over the years. At first, it was just by letting one run while the other is waiting on the tape drive, or the user. Later, it was by letting one read the files of the other, or by permitting you to readily use hundreds of kilobytes of memory on a 16-bit machine by connecting processes through FIFOs, or by allowing objects in one process to call methods on objects in another. There were a number of kinds of interactions between applications that seem like they should be more straightforward to build in Plan 9 than in Linux. I don't have any experience with Plan 9, so I could be wrong about these: Untrusted processes in Plan 9 can do the equivalent of chroot, and because things like network access go through the filesystem, chrooting them can restrict those things too. Something like VNC, providing a shared window to run graphical applications in, should be nearly trivial to build in 8½, and wouldn't lose accelerated graphics --- it should even be easier than in the VT-100 world where screen runs. Virtual desktop software should be easier, and work better, in 8½ than in X (at least prior to Compiz). Spreading such a large virtual display across more than one physical display, as with x2x (but with the ability to move windows between them) is the same problem as the shared display. A networked chat application should be able to use 9P (within the SSI) and therefore the client should be a simple shell script, while the server merely has to provide a 9P service accessible over the network. And then there are the examples that are actually in the Plan9 papers: exporting your local process namespace to a compute server so that your compute-intensive process there can access all of your local resources transparently; 8½ itself. And of course anything that deals with text on Plan9 can assume it's in UTF-8, rather than guess. (To the extent that's not true, it's because it's trying to interact with programs beyond the boundaries of the Plan9 system. You can't expect Plan9 to make much of a difference for how applications not on Plan9 interact.) There are any number of features that are implemented currently on Linux, but badly, that a cleaner architecture like Plan9's would support better. x2x is one example; the "virtual filesystems" in GNOME and KDE, which permit you to access network servers and digital cameras and CD audio (but only in some applications) are another. International text is a third; I don't know about you, but I'm constantly running into character-set incompatibilities. (What do you mean, Python doesn't know what encoding my source code is in? And why isn't naïve a valid variable name?) Attempts like Janus and Plash and CPUShare (and Chrome! and Native Client!) to run native code in an environment without full access to your account are, I think, a fourth. Your implicit assertions about the proposals of the "free culture" crowd are false; your terminology raises unnecessary confusion; and your economic analysis is incoherent. You're confused about what the "free culture" crowd advocates. Let's restrict this discussion just to copyright. Lessig does not advocate the abolition of copyright (and neither do I). He advocates reasonable limitations on its scope, and that copyright owners should consider when they do and do not permit others to use their works without payment, rather than always requiring payment. There's very little that can be said coherently about "intellectual property" in general; trademarks, trade secret protection, and copyright, to name just a few, are very, very different. Maybe you can say this: "Intellectual property" laws turn the ideas and tools needed to carry out intellectual work into property, where they weren't before. They also turn some of the results of that intellectual work into property. This is a good deal for investors in intellectual ventures; if their employees can't quit and start a competing company, the company can charge its customers a higher price, and the employees can't demand higher wages. If intellectual ventures need investors, maybe that's worth the cost. But many creative people (God, I hate the word "creatives") and intellectuals have pursued their art as a profession in the absence of any "intellectual property", and often in the absence of investors. Lawyers, doctors, professors, judges, consultants, investment managers, schoolteachers, stage actors, many engineers, scientists, and symphony musicians all perform intellectual work as a profession without any "intellectual property". Even the majority of programmers write software for which copyright licenses are never sold --- either because it's only used inside of one company, or because it's free software. So your implicit assertion that eliminating intellectual property would leave "creatives" and intellectuals bereft of the ability to make a profession of their interests is false, and historically and economically illiterate. Your name-calling ("quite literally ... retarded") and explicit appeals to hatred ("you're putting it into the hands of the very people many in this crowd hate") do not rescue your point from being a falsehood, completely out of touch with reality. This is a different distinction than the one the other poster reported that Matz proposes, but it's not useful either. You can do it in C, even without using the preprocessor; see http://gist.github.com/51416 , which does it with weak symbols. Worse, whether C is a "scripting language" or not depends only on the presence or absence of such trivial features. Your distinction would make Java a "scripting language," because every class can have its own main function, and still leaves x86 assembly as a "scripting language", and now it makes GNU C a "scripting language" too; and given the nondeterministic invocation order of the constructors of static objects, it makes any particular C++ implementation a "scripting language" too. Aha, cool. We have guests visiting from Montevideo this weekend. codecon.info. erica.biz. By 1994, when I first used Linux, it was vastly better than any other Unixes for interactive use. The basic Unix software was much higher quality than other Unixes (see the original "fuzz") paper for some measurements of this), much more featureful (look at the old joke about GNU Hello, the "hello, world" program with 150 options), and much more usable (e.g. --version and --help , long options in general, tab-completion and WYSIWYG command-line editing in bash; compare to csh !-2:s/vresion/version/). Linux defaults in 1994: fvwm , rxvt , color (in ls and rxvt ), Emacs, Seyon, less . Unix defaults in 1994: twm (or mwm if you were really unlucky), xterm (huge memory hog), black and white, vi (not Vim!), cu , and a more where you couldn't scroll backwards. Also remember term ? You could get, approximately, an internet connection through a dialup shell account on Linux, by the simple expedient of recompiling all of your networking software to use term . When I started using IRIX in 1994, ls to a terminal defaulted to single-column output; find . -follow -print on a directory with symlinks up the hierarchy would infinite-loop; find defaulted to starting from no directories and not doing anything with the files it found; etc. It had a much prettier GUI and 3-D acceleration, though. Remember also that at the time Microsoft OSes shipped with no TCP/IP support. I can't prevent you from using that definition of "scripting language" but I don't think it has much in common with the usual meaning of the term. Mathematics started maybe 2500 years ago. Calculus wasn't discovered until less than 400 years ago. The crisis in mathematics spawned by non-Euclidean geometry didn't happen until less then 200 years ago. Symbolic logic was in the last century or two. Biology is presumably older. No need to point out what we've done in the last century. Herbal medicine goes back much further than we have records. But penicillin (from molds) wasn't discovered until the 1930s. Ironworking goes back 3000 years. The Bessemer process was developed less than 200 years ago. Archery and animal husbandry go back to the Stone Age. But less than 1000 years ago, new developments in horseback archery were crucial to Genghis Khan's conquest of most of Eurasia. Plant breeders have been studying plant heredity and breeding more productive cultivars since the Stone Age. Then 50-some years ago we discovered the structure of DNA, and now we have a remarkable variety of projects based on it. A "mature subfield" is just one that had its last big development a while ago. In the case of "systems," that development in 2000 had been perhaps minicomputers or C. Pike was right in 2000 but his polemic is not applicable to 2009. Look what's happened since 2000. MapReduce. Eventual consistency all over the place. Software transactional memory (even if that turns out not to pan out, there are lots of people using ZODB already). Google App Engine. Virtualization (VMWare has 3000 employees) and paravirtualization (XenSource's work is based on the RTLinux approach pioneered at New Mexico Tech), which incidentally involve new operating system kernels. Google Native Client. Widespread use of mobile code in AJAX apps. Haskell and OCaml are becoming usable and have been used in a few widespread apps. The inner loops of games are written in Cg or HLSL. OS X introduced a new way to structure Unix graphics (which is now being used by Compiz). JIT compilation has gone mainstream in the JVM, the CLR, and Chrome v8. We build our GUIs in Flex or DHTML instead of GDI or Quartz or even X. The hot new software is all written in Ruby or new dialects of Lisp. The majority of internet traffic is BitTorrent, which didn't exist in 2000. People develop software in refactoring IDEs. We store our files in decentralized source-control systems that use self-certifying names, like Git and Mercurial. Sun's hottest new products are a filesystem and a profiler. Firefox is having XPCOM ripped out of it largely by means of automated transformations of C++ code. Transmeta failed but you can hardly claim they weren't applying systems software research in industry. TCP/IP now does service autodiscovery the way Appletalk used to, so groups of people with laptops collaboratively take notes in real-time with SubEthaEdit. Lightroom was largely written in Lua, from a university in Brazil; lots of games are scripted in it. Lots of other apps are written largely in Python, which came from a university in Holland and then CNRI. C and C++ are much less dominant than they were in 2000. OS X runs on CMU's Mach. Today, systems software --- operating systems, networking, languages --- is an extremely active field today, with lots and lots of research being done that's highly relevant to and influential in industry. Most of the exciting demos I see these days are noncommercial or come from corporate R&D labs. There's still ossified and insular research but there's also a huge explosion of new and innovative research. Instead of a high-end workstation with Unix, X, Emacs, TCP/IP, Netscape, C, C++, Java, and Perl, now we have Unix (often in the form of MacOS or Linux+GNOME or KDE), X (with Compiz), Emacs (revitalized!) or Eclipse or SharpDevelop; Firefox with Firebug, Flash, Canvas, AdBlock Plus, and GreaseMonkey instead of Netscape 4, or just as likely some WebKit browser; TCP/IP but with zeroconf, IPv6, and 802.11; C#, Java, Python, Ruby, and above all JavaScript. no one is going to spend $200 for an OS on a $200 computer They would if they had to. Lots of people spend $200 on games for a $200 game console, don't they? I just spent $380 on a computer to run on a $20 power supply, because without the computer, the power supply is pretty useless. The difference is that Linux is now good enough that they don't have to spend $200 on an OS. Last I remember, this patch was purported to make a big difference precisely because it improves branch prediction, by giving the CPU a bunch of different possible sites to jump from. If you post something and it gets flagged and removed, there's no way to tell what you did wrong. Most dot-com sites are kind of scummy. E-commerce dot-com sites are especially scummy. eBay is one of the scummiest of all the sites that aren't out-and-out scams. Craigslist kicks their ass primarily by being trustworthy, IMHO. I read the whole thing and I thought you were about to quit doing it too. The pronoun "one" has mostly fallen out of use ("One starts to feel...") and the usual substitute in modern English is "you". It doesn't literally mean that the writer is talking about the reader. Oh, I'm glad to hear it fizzled! In my book, saying things that make sense counts more than not saying "ass". That's not what "trolling" means. See http://www.curezone.com/forums/troll.asp or http://captaininfinity.us/rightloop/alttrollFAQ.htm for more details. Not having to commute is a big benefit, but of course it's possible for a company to make it so much of a hassle that it's not worth it. There may be people who wear T-Shirt Hell shirts because they think they're funny instead of because they want to offend people and get a reaction, but that's not germane to the question of whether anonymity is one of the essential elements of trolling. It isn't. Close enough. Is it really kosher to post things to Hacker News that you can't read without signing a contract that runs to several thousand words? Ariane 5 blew up thanks to an unhandled integer overflow exception, not anything related to floating point. Linux used to be 2GiB/2GiB too, just like NT. It changed because people with big processes were unhappy; for a while there was an unofficial kernel patch for the 3GiB/1GiB split. Maybe NT didn't change because not as many people were running supercomputers on NT, or because changing NT is harder. You don't have to relink your userland binaries to do this because they don't contain virtual addresses of kernel data structures, only their own data structures. Expanding the space available for mmap won't force those data structures to move. You can pretty much load Wine libraries wherever you want; it's pretty rare for a program to break if memory it assumed was unmapped gets used for a library, and programs that break that way will have a lot of trouble when Windows versions change too. Generally programs are only linked with knowledge of where they themselves will be loaded in virtual memory. (Linux ELF shared libraries don't even know that.) All the other addresses are given to the program at startup. It is unusual for Linux binaries to believe that they will be loaded above 2GiB; the usual start address is 0x08048000. Here's the memory map of a process running under Wine: http://gist.github.com/53853 --- note that there's a lot of Wine and X11 stuff loaded below 2GiB (0x80000000).