At this point? None. It's a silly exercise on not going anywhere. HURD uses Mach, which is a mid-90s academic microkernel that's not so good in practice. Particularly, it's so slow at IPC (which is critical to performance in a pure microkernel system) that those using it (Darwin/OSX/IOS, HURD) had to compromise and use a hybrid architecture: Running drivers and some other components of the system with kernel privileges; A popular design choice in the 90s (also BeOS, Windows NT) due to the immaturity of microkernels. In late 90s/early 2000s, L4 happened. It went to great lengths to actually make achieving performance with a pure microkernel architecture possible. Afterwards, there were a lot of followup microkernels implementing the L4 interface, so these days when we say L4 we generally mean the interface, or any microkernel that implements it. The HURD was watching, and sometime early 2000s they realized that the hybrid architecture was dead and they needed to move on if they wanted to stay relevant. There was a serious attempt at porting HURD to L4. It was already working, but the people behind it became disillusioned with the HURD, after realizing flaws on the architecture. I recommend reading the papers the L4 port people wrote on this. Back then, there were some ten to twenty HURD developers active. After that, the HURD should have rethought its architecture and moved on with L4. Instead, they didn't continue the L4 effort nor fix the architecture. What they did was abandon it and start an entirely new port to a different microkernel, Coyotos, which didn't bear fruit, either. Throughout all this, the HURD was losing developers as they became disinterested. Fast forward to 2005, Andrew Tanenbaum and his students released the first version (a mere skeleton, without even virtual memory support) of Minix3, and continued working from there http://wiki.minix3.org/MinixReleases , going a long way and bringing us to its current state. Right now, Minix3 has 20-30 active developers any given day, a few of which are working on it full-time, supported by funds coming from European Union research programs, as the reliability aspect http://www.minix3.org/other/reliability.html to Minix3 has been deemed important. Meanwhile, the HURD has 0-3 active developers depending on the day, none of which working full time, and with no roadmap or organization whatsoever. Last I've heard, they introduced userspace driver support, which is a step in the right direction, but a bit silly as the real problem (they're still using Mach) is yet to be solved. Minix3 next version, 3.3.0, is weeks away. Here's some insider info: It breaks ABI to adopt NetBSD types, skyrocketing compatibility with pkgsrc software. The system will for the first time be built dynamic, as mmap() is finally working and the dynamic library support has been adapted to actually do shared libraries using it. As lack of proper dynamic library support was holding back X (which already ran, but with barely any software for it), I expect we'll have a lot of WMs, DEs and GUI programs from here on, and interest will pick up. If you ask me about the HURD, I'd say it's not worth continuing. Just take along whatever salvageable ideas and concepts and move on. Working on a system that isn't at a dead end is one suggestion. Escape https://github.com/Nils-TUD/Escape , HelenOS and Minix3 are three such systems. Genode is not exactly a system but it is interesting in its own way, and Plan9Front http://ninetimes.cat-v.org/ is very interesting even though it is not currently a pure microkernel system (it can be made so without breaking anything thanks to the awesome design). All these systems I suggested are Free Software , interesting, promising and actually active. For a gallery of L4 microkernels, just look at Genode. They support a bunch and also some non-L4 yet interesting ones: http://genode.org I don't expect much to come from rewarding failure. Throwing money away at OpenSSL isn't suddenly gonna make its developers good. I'll be running LibReSSL, and I expect most Linux distributions to do the same by default once the Linux port is released. These private message things are appropriate until (possibly years after breaking up) it's convenient for one party to say otherwise. This bullshit should be put to an end. Disclaimer: Sort-of-spanish here (Catalan). These newspapers sales on-paper are dropping alarmingly. They're looking at this as a way to monetize their online versions. What has already happened: A major spanish social link aggregator (a-la-digg) is boicotting these newspapers. What will happen: Google will remove them from the index. They'll lose exposure, and therefore make even less. Mosh is nice, but "A replacement for SSH" is quite stretching it, considering it does use ssh to setup its own connection and so it depends on SSH. It also doesn't provide most of SSH functionality, and it doesn't support IPv6 yet, whereas SSH does. I used to like the SSD guide. Not anymore. Old website was nice and readable, the new one is terrible, in a misguided attempt to be "modern". Even at its front page, I had no idea where to click to actually read the guide. No Child Left Behind: The after-"education" edition. Recommends openssl, ignores libressl exists at all. It might be worth buying if and only if it's not an iPhone. Rather than ghostery: https://www.eff.org/privacybadger Amiga... was so ahead of its time. Because turning them into messages (like Minix does) is too hard... /s I think this, while Raspberry Pi specific: https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/projects/raspberrypi/tutorials/os/ is a better intro to arm asm. I still prefer the Dragonfly fork, with its hybrid kernel architecture. HAMMER2 is looking good. I'd love a section of my i3 statusbar showing the current distance in light seconds, at all times. I'm surprised this isn't a thing yet. I still use my Amiga machines, but I want nothing to do with AmigaOS4. A new desktop proprietary OS simply makes no sense in the present world, even more so if it only runs in special hardware. AROS (free implementation of AmigaOS3) and Minimig (free implementation of the hardware for FPGA) is where it's at. Seems very standard IRC channel; I look at IRC once in a while and write a bunch of replies. This wouldn't change so much, although I'd need some sort of bouncer on earth in order not to ping timeout. Much appreciated. Didn't know about aa. As of a few years ago, it runs on classic Amiga hardware. But graphics performance is poor without a graphics card. I'm hoping this is the start of a trend. The true start will be once the lowrisc SoC is out, and open hardware devices using it start to flood the market. ReactOS shares a lot of code with Wine. Mostly DLLs. Code flows both ways. Even if you're never going to use ReactOS, it still helps make wine better. I wouldn't go anywhere near that. Not worth getting legally tainted. Amiga-like Black on grey is fantastic. But nobody uses it. it's time for: http://www.lowrisc.org/ For desktops, it simply needs to get into the fast enough territory. So that the next person doesn't have to search for it: http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/DeviceDoc/20005292B.pd... I want to follow their news, but I can't seem to find an RSS feed. In its place, there's stupid facebook/etc social crap buttons. > addictiveness How so? The forced smooth scrolling thing makes reading the page really annoying, and I strongly feel like closing it and never opening it again. Seems like a good idea, but the implementation is poor. Please just write a tool that does the set of tests, displays results and optionally submits them. Then distributions could package it, and people could run it. The way it needs to be done right now implies too much effort and few people are going to bother. Not sure why this story is so popular. It's just an advertisement for a simple yet very expensive program which solves a well-understood problem that has been solved many times before. I'm glad they're doing this. It'll help plant an image: Proprietary microcode is evil. Yeah. And even a simple aminet search like this: http://aminet.net/search?query=serial+transfer Does show a load of free alternatives. FTP over SLIP. None. Working archive: https://archive.is/lc5vT Also: http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ I kinda like how Dragonfly does implement dm-crypt such as on Linux (compatible) instead :). > The correct response is to stop writing to the filesystem. Stop writing AND READING, as what's read can be corrupted and yet written or used elsewhere. He apologized to SJWs. Now the SJWs can point at it and say "See, we were right!". Idiot. Never apologize to SJWs. I'd rather use eChronos or seL4. They're provable and free software. Intel call their thing an RTOS; it's bullshit. They lack proof of hard realtime. For servers, really? I don't get it, they could just use RISC-V. x86 has a user case: legacy software. When out of FAST RAM, use CHIP RAM :) Nice, but why force a conversion to a lossy audio format? https://github.com/swanson/stringer How low latency are we talking about? At 60Hz, a frame is 16ms, which is already tight. Even better UX is to show what you've requested, which is 16. > Takes a few days though Typically 24h in the SEPA. > There is, unfortunately, no easy way out. Disagree. BSD. Dejavu? No, there was Freecraft, now Stratagus: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stratagus You can add vdev to pool anytime. Removing them is not as easy, so some planning is necessary. > With the notable exception of ZFS vs EXT4, they underlying software appears to be the same, Huh no. OMV is Linux + PHP. It failed to timely move away from MACH into the post-Liedtke world, and as a consequence it fell into irrelevance. How pretentious can they be. By trying to fit in mandatory payments, they screwed up. They should have focused on doing everything else well, and perhaps introduce voluntary payments (i.e.: donations) later. Mandatory payments ain't gonna fly; Even assuming they somehow made the technical part work, which I don't see happening, a system that's the same but without the payments is bound to exist. Guess which one people are going to use? If payment is strictly voluntary, however, then a single system is enough. keepenv was removed in the doas from openbsd 6.0. I expected better from an article that's been published after the 6.0 release. Why wait until 2020? This should be effective today, while giving a few month grace period at most. watch -n1 df When trying to promote an open format, LGPLv3 and such reference implementations aren't exactly helping. You'd want to maximize adoption, and there BSD can help. Adoption of Xiph.org's Vorbis was in good part supported by such a decision. > The second question which required a choice between killing homeless people and wealthier ones made me too disgusted to continue. I actually didn't give a fuck who the people were, or how many. I was surprised when by the end I was shown the results including demographics. Close enough... Rule Two: Intervene only if it doesn't mean killing a person who otherwise would not die. Done. Or net worth. They might as well have drawn them as generic animals. Very happy with my Oneplus 3. Isn't libreboot just coreboot minus blobs? I don't get why it is in any way remarkable. However, it is still a boring type-2 hypervisor, just like bhyve, vmware or kvm; no real progress whatsoever. I'm keeping an eye at seL4's VMM support, it looks promising, with the microkernel actually guaranteeing isolation, whereas the VMM runs with minimum privileges as a user process. Used to be a nice documentation site, until they decided to cover AmigaOS4, ditching 3. > This particular bug is in the memory management system, which is one of those things that kind of has to be in the kernel. Not really. L4 family (the post-Liedtke world) and Minix3 both have MM out of the kernel. A small TCB will still be key, regardless of language. Why do you think it is erroneous? Worth noting that as of Genode's latest release, a lot of progress has been made in that regard. Sorry, can you restate that question? I'm not sure what you're asking. > C, due to arrays, strings, arithmetic operations and memory allocations requiring unsafe code leads to 100% unsafe code across the existing code. Imply is just slightly too harsh. Writing safe C code is very possible, as proven by projects such as seL4 or engineers such as djb. OSX is pretty bad as they go. MACH based hybrid kernel garbage. A shame, considering Apple actually has the resources for doing a proper rebase of XNU on L4 and with actual pure microkernel multiserver architecture. Couple things here. Firstly, as the MM daemon runs on its own process and is well-separated from other code, it is far easier to audit, debug and so on. Its interface is also entirely explicit. There's value in modular programming. It's far more reasonable to expect quality from such a MM daemon than the mess in a random monolith kernel. Secondly, in seL4, physical pages are capabilities. There might be more than one MM daemon, owning separate sets of capabilities to physical pages. Security-critical memory might be managed by a MM daemon your vulnerable process has no capability to talk to. Just my two cents. I love AmigaOS, so I find disgusting that they're still holding the VCS repository of this 20yr+ code hostage, and selling pointless updates to it. Also, I much prefer the old logo to that stupid boingball. No male pill yet. Can't trust anyone else with birth control. Very little information on their site about the actual architecture of the system. Very bad flag there. I'd be interested if it was based on a post-Liedtke microkernel, but I suspect it's yet another boring monolith. I applaud lessons taken from Liedtke/L4, a major step in the right direction. Now I can look at that project seriously, rather than consider it yet another pre-Liedtke mistake. I'm not so sure, however, about concurrency in the kernel. The locks and added complexity certainly aren't going to help keep WCET low and bound. NICTA's SSRG did study this: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Peter... Spotted mp3, quickly closed. Can't take it seriously if it's still using mp3 rather than opus. What a waste of bandwidth. I'm thinking mostly about the principle of minimality (what can be out of the kernel should be). But there's some more contributions from L4. The ACM did a talk on those insights 20 years later: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdoaFc5-1Rk The associated NICTA SSRG paper: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Elphi... A more recent NICTA SSRG paper: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Heise... > foregoing the verified nature of seL4 If anything, seL4 is the fastest L4 out there, proving that they can be fast and proven at the same time. So, why would anyone want to do that? I hear tox has been approached before, but they were uninterested. Remember GNU requires transferring rights to the FSF, which many aren't comfortable with. I personally favor tox, because ec25519 and full forward secrecy. Also, not fond of SIP. > What's the advantage of being a GNU project these days? I can't think of anything. > and in particular Richard Stallman's political opinions (e.g., eugenics) Utter nonsense. Being part of GNU doesn't imply agreeing with every word Stallman utters on any topic. > restricts your technical decision-making options Very real (see gcc and frontend/backend separation) and a very good reason to stay away. While I'm sure it's well-intended, it does have a couple of fatal flaws. * Lack of full forward secrecy means logged network logs can be decrypted in the future if an endpoint key is ever compromised. * e2e encryption is optional, due to legacy SIP support. This is extremely dangerous as it will no doubt lead to false sense of security, with users assuming they're safe just because Ring is the program they're talking through. Due to these two I cannot actually recommend it to anyone. Note that Tox got these two right, and is a pretty active project which gets commits semi-daily, regardless of the nonsense about it being dead that some party seems to be spreading. I use and love Tox as it got some key fundamentals right. First, they have full forward secrecy. This is notably unlike Ring, which does not. Secondly, all communications are end to end encrypted and endpoint-verified, as there's no "legacy SIP support" (eg: SIP) or such nonsense and the DHT addresses your contacts gave you are actual ec25519 public keys. Neat, a bunch of these had escaped my radar, even. I'm glad to see you around; A bit of hope to contrast with all the zero-research-done yet anti-microkernel naysayers. > The Boing ball is a long-standing Amiga icon; IIRC a lot of the early promotional photos of the system sported a badge with it instead of the rainbow checkmark. It is, but I've never liked it. > For nontechnical users, that's a massive downside. I disagree entirely. It's an upside. They get to benefit from PKI without even understanding anything. A person's address gets them the actual person. ToxMe requires trusting the ToxMe identity provider, and is an obvious point of attack. And we'd no doubt see fake addresses that resemble other peoples, and other such nonsense. There's minimising the inconvenience (with ideas like the QR code feature they have), and there's plain giving up security for minimal gained convenience, which we should just avoid. > It doesn't benefit them if they don't use the protocol. There's no benefit from using the protocol if it gives up security for convenience like the others. > Obviously. This is why it's a bad thing that nontechs will probably go in that direction, if they use Tox at all. My point exactly. > But it seems to me like joining GNU is solely a political statement and a sign of agreement with Stallman's views on morality (since he frames free software / computing freedom as a moral issue). GNU's views on software. Stallman's just the figurehead for these. I don't care what his opinions are outside of this, nevermind agree or disagree. > Is there another reason to associate yourself with GNU? As I said, I can't think of any in the first place. But I'm still glad GNU and FSF do exist, and that their views are so extreme. If they weren't, then a much softer position would be called extreme instead. The world would be worse for it. They're matching HEVC in synthetic benchmarks already, and aim to release the spec by March 2017, which is soon enough. > e2e could be enforced for the DHT clients if the user states they aren't going to be using SIP though, right? That needs user intervention, which implies his understanding of why it is necessary. Here's a better idea, remove backwards compatibility. Perhaps they could release a separate SIP client under a different name. Just keep it away from Ring itself. Let Ring be actually secure. Your average hacklab will do the job just fine. You're right to mention these. Spent several evenings reading Heiser's blog and NICTA SSRG papers a few month ago. I'm more positive about microkernels these days; Activity is increasing and milestones are being reached. PHP. No. Not very fond of their "Try it out" feature, which after making me waste time on their "select 3" first step, then proceeds to try and cajole me into giving away my email address. Wish they posted some screenshots or static pages or something of the sort, so I could take a look and see if I like it more than stringer, which is the current solution I'm using. Used to be a decent reference site until they destroyed it with horrid trendy web design. It's unreadable, now. With essential features such as centralised login (LDAP, AD, etc) as proprietary plugins. I still get the same annoying layout with that link. Rather, essential in any setup with more than one user. Supports cloud users... but doesn't support LDAP. Sigh. I don't know the details, but I hear that in the BSD front (AIUI specifically openbsd, dragonfly) there's a strong preference for NFSv3, and a view that NFSv4 is crap. It'd be interesting if somebody who knew about this could elaborate on the details for us. > Why not just bare Linux, possibly with the PREEMPT_RT patchset That'd be a really bad idea. Linux is too complex to trust, and lacks WCET making it unsuitable for hard realtime. There's open source options, but Linux isn't among them. I'd look at seL4 for this purpose. >RAID5 Not good enough. RAID6 is the absolute minimum, as with current disk sizes it's too easy to lose the whole array due to an additional disk failure while one disk is being replaced. Mandatory warning: PowerVR. > This hits the nail on the head. Abandoning time zones would only make sense if there were no more need for time translation. But you'd still need to translate for the sake of biological clocks, and without time zones it would become more challenging to communicate that translation. I argue it'd avoid mistakes, such as the assumption it's dark at the other clock's 18h because it is here. As the site seems to be down, here's an alternative: http://www.raspbsd.org/ Oh, I see what you mean. Page finally loaded, thankfully. The ridiculous shit that needs to be done just to rid of some blob. RISC-V can't take the market over fast enough. > I used to think this, but I'm not so sure anymore. Try facts. Google around. "Portugal after legalization". Switch to HTTPS. Debian supports using HTTPS mirrors. We can do without the tone policing. It's very simple, Linux won't bend the rules for anyone, and that includes AMD. The sooner they realize that, the faster they can actually work together with Linux kernel maintainers. Implying Apple service is any good. (See: bendgate) How does corruption get past TLS? Linux will always be insecure. There's no fixing millions of lines of code running in supervisor mode. What will happen instead is that the world will move on to a microkernel-based OS. That's a classic misuse of cat. Just use ' http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ Because they're still using Mach, and most capable contributors moved on to microkernel-based projects that actually aren't hopeless. > but it doesn't make the system non-deterministic Actually, it does. It's possible to calculate WCET involving ram accesses, as the behaviour is deterministic; there's a set latency. It's not possible whenever SWAP is involved, which is why most of the realtime world simply avoids swap. This is mentioned in the Genode handbook, if you're willing to dig into it more. > Until hardware H.265 decoding is introduced to the popular media center hardware, H.264 will remain the codec of choice for most people. Might never happen, thanks to netvc. Religions, and their believers, are dangerous. As paranoid as I am about data, I don't think it would be such a bad idea to have a registry of believers. Really bad support. And if you get packetstormed, they just nullroute you and call it "DDoS protection". Over the years, I've had plenty enough of ovh/kimsufi/hetzner/etc. For dedicated, I favor online.net and their alternative brand scaleway. Else AWS. I haven't played with GCE yet. > Doesn't matter if one driver can access another. I just need to read data in user home directory and I can find out everything I need. Well, you'd need the adequate permissions to do that in the firstr place. Or you'd have to exploit the VFS (good luck with that), the disk driver (which is hidden behind VFS, good luck with that), or some other driver which hardware is for some reason not isolated via iommu (good luck with that). > Linux work good enough due to automated testing and amazing kernel engineers. You definitely do not run much Linux on production, else you'd know how amazing 2016 has been, regarding kernel vulnerabilities. Some of them were even reliably exploitable on grsec/pax patched kernels. > Microkernals are supposed to make OSes more stable but they don't. Except most RTOSs and anything with high assurance requirements uses microkernels. > GNU Hurd, Mach 3 Hurd uses Mach, a pre-liedtke, old world microkernel. Not really worth pointing at it, the same way 1971 UNIX isn't representative of Linux. > Minix - so far track record isn't good. Minix is doing quite well at what it set out to do: Fault-tolerance. This is true of all IM that isn't based on open protocols and has mandatory end-to-end encryption. Which is why I use tox [0]. [0] https://tox.chat/ > The price for a i7 6700K 4.1GHz, 32GB RAM, 500GB SSD and nVidia GTX 1070: €1515 EUR (case and CPU cooler included). That's not a gaming pc. That looks more like a gaming-capable Workstation. Absolutely overkill CPU (games are seldom cpu bound), and too much RAM (games don't care). I suggest a glance at Logical Increments [0], which is definitely biased towards gaming, to see what you can do at a given price point. Note that just because of the gsync fiasco and the cloud-connected drivers nonsense, I'd gravitate towards an AMD GPU if I had to buy now. [0] http://www.logicalincrements.com/ > Logical Increments is nice, but sometimes leads astray. I'm not a fan of their brackets and they also seem to favor nvidia over amd, but it's serves the purpose of, without actually having to put a machine together in pcpartpicker [0], seeing what can be done at a price point with current pieces. [0] https://pcpartpicker.com/ But alas, it sucks (no support at all!) at ipv6 (e.g.: On a ds-lite scenario), it is federated instead of decentralized, and its end-to-end encryption is optional. > IPv6 is indeed bad It's terrible, and the reason I don't use matrix. While behind ds-lite, the only option I'd have is to run my node on an untrusted location (eg: a rented server). > "its end-to-end encryption is optional": I don't really see this as a problem. If you want it, you have it. If you don't, you don't. Sometimes end-to-end encryption isn't desirable, in a business environment where you need communications to be auditable for example. Sure, but in a post-snowden climate, I can't recommend a solution where end-to-end is optional to anybody. The problem is that when it is optional, people will readily downgrade to point-per-point encryption when they experience any issues. It's terrible to give less tech-literate people the option of insecure communication. > People, please stay away from Tox. By actually following the thread, I got the opposite idea. Its current active developers are well aware of Tox's flaws, do actually know what they're doing, and have a plan. They're being addressed. This is a much better attitude than seen elsewhere (such as in Telegram). And, in the first place, this is being overblown. As GrayHatter succintly puts it: > For anyone reading this, without a crypto background. The assertions being made are the same as saying: the lock on your house is broken because if someone steals your keys they can unlock your door. > It allows you to impersonate anyone else to A, if you steal A's keys If A got his keys stolen, he's indeed in for some trouble. > This is slippery-slope weasel-wording. Please. > The particular impersonation-to-A scenario is well known (due to a standard DH key agreement property) and can be protected against (see lvh's top comment for examples how it's possible to do that). Yes, it's an excellent explanation. But ultimately, while this should be fixed, it is not critical, as it requires A's private keys be stolen. For the layman, without touching into the crypto details, the analogy GreyHatter made is not so bad. > Would you similarly argue that perfect forward secrecy doesn't matter? No, I wouldn't. I've only seen this reply after reading the post you're referencing, which I found quite elucidating. I would, however, note there's a huge difference in consequences. Without forward secrecy, old communications would be compromised when the private key is. This isn't comparable to anything about future conversations after the key is stolen, a situation where I'd personally have way lower security expectations and would be surprised if this wasn't the case among the general public, outside the crypto community. In the first place, short of another HeartBleed-style vulnerability (not impossible, as heartbleed demonstrated), the key being stolen would typically involve a serious compromise of an endpoint, where the attacker achieves enough execution to install a rootkit, at which stage, with KCI or without, the attacker can present to the compromised user whatever they want. I do, to some degree, understand the attitude of the current developers behind the toktok toxcore fork. They want to read and understand the code, then produce documentation about the code and the protocol, and only at that point (with all the information available) tackle the design issues, including this arguably low priority KCI issue. I believe it reasonable, particularly after considering that they're spending about zero effort in promoting its use to the general public. While it's pretty fair and I'm sure welcomed for their code to be looked at and vulnerabilities found, all things considered, I do not think it's, at all, fair to give them and their early-stages project the kind of negative spotlight they're getting. That looks pretty cool! Too bad about the language barrier, but I'm guessing more languages (such as spanish or english) are in the roadmap somewhere. > I don't think this is obvious to the general public. My point was that I don't think it's obvious to the general public, either, that they can have any expectation after their key is compromised. Forward secrecy, some of them might have even heard about, particularly in the present climate where ssllabs is requiring it for its A grade. > More importantly, this implies that the victim knows their key has been compromised. I threw in some talk about my and the general public's expectations about the scenario where an endpoint's key is compromised, but I don't think I included knowing it actually happened among these expectations. The rootkit scenario which I expect as most common compromise (endpoint machine utterly compromised) kind of implied the user is none the wiser. I'm not sure there's anyone out there that expects an Amiga guru meditation style alert saying "Your private key has been compromised!" to appear. > The vast majority of key compromises are operational screwups with data disclosure, they generally do not lead to arbitrary code execution. This is honestly surprising. Care to elaborate? paint.net is not free software. Apples to oranges. With its millions of lines of code, Linux is guaranteed to hide a bug or two. What specific evidence are you referring to? Closed the website after a few unfruitful attempts at figuring out what it was about without watching videos. Not nice. Operating System is a heavy word to throw around for something that's just a Debian derivative. Opened hoping for something microkernel-based... bummer. > Its not merely not a flaw in the underlying linux kernel its not a technical issue at all. I believe he's talking about having a driver API. Fuchsia also runs its drivers in userspace, which is the proper design in a post-Liedtke world. (principle of minimality) > 40% of foreign students in the US have no close friends on campus Missing important data for contrast: How many non-foreign have no close friends on campus. I doubt the rich account for much of that 37%. Figure is too high for that hypothesis. Necessary reaction here. Does it have to be NVIDIA ? That's based on what exactly? So far I do not believe they've shown enough for us to know it to be either way. AMD doesn't have a closed kernel component anymore. They do still have a userspace component, but most people use the free 3d acceleration instead, written with NDA-free documentation provided by AMD, with the help of AMD employees. This covers hardware up to their current generation, providing OpenGL 4.5 and Vulkan. Its performance is not as good as the Windows drivers, but good enough enough for most games out there. Thanks to this, their hardware just works out of the box on any distribution that's not years behind. As you don't even need to play games, I believe AMD is the better option here. Maybe RX460. Whoever submitted the values, if by mistake (not a plant), is definitely running neither final production clocks nor drivers. It might have some credibility if it was 2 weeks away from release, which is definitely not the case here. This is a good reason to run anything but Linux, particularly on 32bit hardware. All BSDs have, as far as I'm aware of, solved this years ago. They were looking for somebody cheap. Bullet dodged. >I'm using Telegram as my main messaging system but I hope they'll open source everything. A bit too late, now that you're using as your main system. >6ns improvement That's actually a lot for a memory access. All these launch day benchmarks will be obsoleted. >If you think binary GPU drivers are bad now, imagine an "open source" OS where every single driver is a binary blob. The current situation is they're tied to a version of the kernel, and typically abandoned by the vendors. With userspace drivers and driver APIs, the "android upgrade problem" would be solved. It'd then be a matter of reversing these drivers, which should be far easier when they're running in userspace and completely bounded. Though it doesn't run FreeNAS? Or at least something with ZFS. That got an NVidia GPU? Not much can be done with vendors that are actively hostile. Fun fact: HSTS https://securityheaders.io/?q=www.uspto.gov&followRedirects=... HSTS is 1 year at the time this comment is posted. They're in for some pain. There's software like gnucash which will take care of that, without the need for the fancy bank account. >While this is fascinating, and Willy is brilliant as always, I always wondered why HAProxy couldn't just, you know, reload the config. Sure, but what about seamless updates? >Why has HaProxy still such a 20 year old website? It's a far far better website than most so called "modern" websites. >If you really wanted, you could probably write an OS that ran parts of the kernel in TrustZone. https://genode.org/documentation/articles/trustzone It just so happens there's no real reasons to use AAC over OPUS. This can't be seen as anything else than a research filesystem that tries several new things at once. Doomed from the start. A good design would look at the state of the art and use the best techniques available. If the aim was research, then try one new thing, not a thousand. For actual promising new filesystem efforts I'd be looking at HAMMER2, Tux3 and F2FS. Apple's part of the group pushing AAC. They do of course deliberate sabotage open codec efforts. You got that far? Congrats. I couldn't stand it. After the introduction, I started scrolling, saw the general structure and just closed it. It was the most unpleasant text I looked at in a very long time. This article does somehow make a painful read. I just can't. It'd be nice if someone who could handle it wrote a TL;DR for us. Also Vampire A500 V2+. I got myself one :) If you're looking for AD, samba4 can do it on Linux. Might have to do with the pressure they're feeling from the unavoidable: RISC-V replacing ARM. Try radare2. Not having an alternative method using a file selection dialog is extremely annoying on some platforms. All I see is a sponsored article to show Binary Ninja as wonderful and talk trash on r2. And a lack of openness about that fact. No IPv6 support. Harman did a large study of frequency response preference, and came up with the harman FR target as ideal. Sennheiser HD600 (from 1997) is closest to this, has reasonably low THD, and is generally considered very good. It doesn't cost all that much, either, at $280 in amazon.com last I checked. "was" would be more accurate. The price has gone up significantly due to its popularity, and there are far better options at the pricing range where it sits now. They're also significantly colored headphones; The cheaper m40x are actually more neutral. 15 years is a lot. I own some HD380 Pro (reasonably flat for something closed, and supposedly a huge improvement over the HD280 which I haven't tested) and HD600 (flat as an ironing board), both purchased recently. I'm curious... how well have your HD280 Pro endured through these 15 years? >NwAvGuy head-fi ban There's a recount of the story by some company NwAvGuy did shit on, for contrast. https://www.head-fi.org/f/threads/schiit-happened-the-story-... Chapter 12: Schiit Goes Evil? OK, fair enough. Then try any of the r2 GUIs. As secure explained. >"broken in" Known to be psychological. >not really coloring the sound http://graphs.headphone.com/index.php?graphID%5B0%5D=573&gra... HD600 make a good reference. Notice the raised bass and general shakiness on the HD280. The HD380 are sadly not plotted there, but there's this: http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/en/report/hp/sennheiser-... http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/en/report/hp/sennheiser-... http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/en/report/hp/sennheiser-... >I've sweat through 2 sets of ear cushions and the headband. I've bought a replacement headband but just left it off. Only 2 sets in 15 years? That's pretty durable. What happened to the headband? >vendors won't release their kernels Vendors won't modify fuchsia or its microkernel (magenta). That's the point behind the driver APIs in fuchsia. This should allow Google to update the full system, kernel included, while leaving the vendor drivers, which run in user mode and will still work due to the API being still supported, alone. If Android is ported to fuchsia, that would solve the android update problem for good. >but usually comes at the cost of performance. Historically, with (ancient) 1st generation microkernels like Mach (used in OSX/IOS), sure. Else, this article's decent: http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ As an added note, your server seems to resolve some A record, despite no A records in the domain. I suspect whatever you're using for DNS does park all NXDOMAIN into some website of their own. Why? It seems arbitrary to me. 32 Ryzen (less actually usable due to chipset taking some), 64 Threadripper, 128 EPYC. Let's continue this until everybody is in jail. That's for the best. Reform and all that. If your HD650 is new, I'd suggest using only it for some month or two. Then you'll hear the difference. In my case, what I've got is HD598 vs HD600, and the HD598 do now sound seriously bad to me. >they can get more fatiguing than I'd like after a few hours of listening due to the horizontal snugness They get quite loose over time. I've had mine for a while, and I can barely feel I'm wearing them. Apologising. A classic mistake. What's possibly just a display of good will is going to get abused as admission of guilt. There's the sens foundation, working on a "repair the damage we understand as aging" approach. http://www.sens.org/ >be the man, trust yourself and your partner, make things work no matter that. You're telling us to man up and play russian roulette with 5/6 holes populated. Except that would actually be a nice proposal, when put against family law and divorce rates. And will, statistically. Family courts, wielding family law, will then screw the man over. Maybe it's time for mpc-qt: https://github.com/cmdrkotori/mpc-qt It reimplements mpc-hc UX using qt for the UI and libmpv for the heavy lifting. The issue with this one is that it doesn't have public builds yet, but it has been in active development for years. Permit me to be skeptic when anybody claims >A Proven, Trusted Technology When talking about mesh networking. Title says Spain, but it really is about Catalonia. No FreeSync in $currentyear, not even worth considering. Been doing this for ages without intending to. I generally eat 13-14 and again 18-19. and that's it. >The project you are creating is, or should be, an intellectual endeavor and it serves no technical purpose to push your personality onto users. Plenty will find that attitude offensive. Like, who do you think you are telling people what their project should be. It would be good to have it as the reference player, for archivist purposes and to help the already existing open efforts achieve higher compatibility. This doesn't mean it has to ever be run as a browser plugin or outside of a sandbox (such as a VM, an emulator or a bsd jail). Netboot, sure. But why Linux? This isn't in any way Linux specific.