mmap of course? Light is the only thing thats done it for me, ever. In high school I made myself get up and turn on a light, which was permission to go back and lie on the bed for another 15 minutes. Without light, I've never been able to get up. The funny part is I sometimes forget this for extended periods of time and suffer awfully trying to get up in the morning. Ah! One of my favorite topics! Inkboard was a fork of inkscape that was an experimental collaborative whiteboard. It uses XMPP, and some pieces of it were merged into Inkscape proper well after the fact. Coccinella is a perl/tk IM client that uses XMPP to do whiteboarding. shit was at 75% less than a week ago, of the 10k it was requesting. talk about a fast shift. Threaded model has two detractors; Foremost, context switching. This is a non-trivial process: on-die caches get flushed, virtual memory has to get re-mapped, registers re-loaded. This is by definition lost time, time the OS is spent not doing your workload. If the number of context switches gets too large, a system is spending an inordinate amount of time performing context switches, and less time doing "real work" inside threads. You cite two isues, slow and not scaling. Second, memory usage. Each thread has its own stack space, which consumes a fixed memory size. As to "slow" and "does not scale;" slow is relative; the amount of time spent context switching is very dependent on a variety of workload factors. Threading _can_ be slow. Scaling, on the other hand, is less unequivocal. A quarter million active threads, each doing very little, is not a good thing: too much memory, too many context switches, and too high a latency. The problem is not threading per se. It's pre-emptive multi-threading, where a programs state is transparently pulled from the CPU by the OS and serialized to someplace else, and another programs state is de-serialized and loaded in transparent; that is, without the loaded or unloaded program knowing. Erlang and tasklets are examples of userspace or lightweighs threads where pre-emption is not permitted, and the context switching penalty is negligible. Instead of threads being ignorant, and being preemptively swapped in and out, they are coordinated and actively yield themselves back to the scheduler, thereby reducing the context switching penalty. ryah immediately posted the following series of tweets, to such effect: "Thanks-some valid criticisms. The story doesn't stop at the process boundary. Concurrency through Spawning&IPC should be discussed" "ie, "actors", although not explicitly given that name, are baked in. I just don't feel then need to put them inside the same process." asked about impl discussion; "Not really. It's not fancy: unix socks, no framing protocols, no RPC daemons. But using what's there is a valid concurrency solution." the particular danger i'd cite w/r/t JS is that its a much more flexible language than many, and that there's not the same level of entrenched best practices and tooling to enforce best practices. in other words, everyone knows JS, granted, but they know very different styles of it. consider the plethora of means of doing inheritance that exist for JS. There are features you miss by relying on IPC. UNIX Sockets are zero copy, sure, but you still lose performance doing the marshal/unmarshal tasks, and that could be largely avoided using shared immutable memory. I'd much rather node have a multi-threaded Web Workers implementation of nodejs that uses immutable shared memory for message passing. Not coincidentally, I'd much rather push the real distributed scaling problems (such as coordination and marshalling/demarshalling) up to a much much higher level in my application stack. As it stands now, I need multiple marshal/unmarshallers, for the IPC layer and the app's scaling-out/distributed layer. the entire point was that it's not mapreduce, it's a stream processing system. try http://wiki.s4.io/Manual/S4Overview#toc1 for a " what is S4 " intro. The architecture resembles the Actors model, providing semantics of encapsulation and location transparency, thus allowing applications to be massively concurrent while exposing a simple programming interface to application developers. and S4 is a general-purpose, distributed, scalable, partially fault-tolerant, pluggable platform that allows programmers to easily develop applications for processing continuous unbounded streams of data. go stream processing. also see Flume for related recent works. Any delay in rendering web pages is due to the network. many many webapps do not use the network, and any latency experienced comes from the page's own processing, the browser & the os. i'd throw ANDROID-1147 and ANDROID-1376 in the Android technical management "absolutely really just doesn't get it" bucket. otoh, the issue Charles Ying of Satine.org rages aobut, ANDROID-6914, seems much more questionable to me because the issue itself is really complex. the two tickets, "Support for external keyboard, mouse" and "Browser doesn't render SVG images" both strike me as absolutely essential to making smartphones competitive with PC's. people have been happily attaching fold up keyboards to Palm Pilots for a decade now, SVG is perhaps the only sane route forwards for resolution independent apps and animation, and Apple has found religion on both these topics-- yet Android is obstinately behind. otoh composited gpu acceleration is not nearly the huge obvious win C. Ying boasts it as. the gpu is more power efficient than the cpu for intensive applications, but a smartphones natural state is not intensive use. mr guy of android points out a number of complexities-- opengl drivers only supporting a single context, opengl acceleration proving less speedy than software implementations. it places huge emphasis on driver support, which any embedded wonk will tell you is a scary prospect. although gpu acceleration is becoming better supported, keep in mind that the smartphone market expands, both up and down, with broadcom & others putting out chips designed for sub $75 smartphones. android is definitely not winning the race for the top atm, but performance has always been a rather lonely market-- that said, unsmooth experiences dont fly. software graphics focus insures a base level of performance for everyone, and strikes me as the right place to start to insure a speedy experience not subject to external interrupts. the current silkiness situation is a little sad. it'll get better. more relevant to me is Android not playing in the ecosystem-- external peripherials, UPnP/DLNA, SVG-- these are the real things that will make or break not Android, but the open digital web, and Android is failing, badly, even in compare with non-web-enthusiasts Apple. Samsung cared, and they spend X million dollars building new devices that made use of the hardware they had onboard because they cared. As a result they can run a browser at 720p smoothly on their phone. Innovation doesnt come from asking people what they want. It comes from finding new markets and making new means. The argument in favour of a GPU-accellerated GUI which is not mentioned here is battery life. I haven't been testing this side of things, but just because a CPU can do a 60 FPS GUI doesn't mean it should. Deferring it to the GPU would certainly reduce power consumption while navigating a UI. Both Charles Ying of Satine and wzdd seem sympathetic to this notion that the gpu is a power saving device. Surely it is when doing complex work. On the other hand, most smartphone usage consists of relatively simple screens and basic if any transitions. If it's only going to take 3ms of CPU work to run a 150ms animation, by all means, figure out how to keep the OS from interrupting the high priority graphics task and make the CPU do it. Particularly if the GPU would have to be on across the entire 150ms. If not, what is the cost of copying the graphical content between the GPU and the CPU? How much CPU does it take to initialize and set up the GPU for this extremely simple task you ask of it? Is the CPU going to be able to sleep while the GPU is running the animation, and if not what kind of context switching and control costs are going to be imposed on the CPU to manage the graphics state? We've barely begun to see multi-core cell phone GPU's, but the point of the GPU is basically to run lots of work at a nice low clock rate where voltages can be dropped. If you dont have a lot of work to do, there's really no sense waking up the GPU and having it's extremely dumb poorly-branching cores chug away at figuring out, say, the SVG animations that a semi-competent ARM core could knock off right quick. You're just wasting power turning on the GPU. Smoothness and polish, I suspect, are much more a questions of resource allocation than CPU capability, particularly when you've got a sub 640x480 surface and a 1GHz core. One of the reasons I'd switched to Opera over Mozilla/Firebird/Firefox was because it remained consistently responsive. A page would be freaking out dog slow doing heaven knows what... in firefox, the browser would be frozen, in Opera, I could continue interfacing and issuing gestures and keyboard commands. Even on my old Fujitsu P1120 - a dog slow 800MHz Transmeta Crusoe beast with 223 MB ram - Opera, while not visually responsive, was at least queuing my operations, and would respond as fast as it was able. There didnt seem to be any event queue in firefox; if the browser was freaking out, keyboard commands &c would be outright dropped. hubs cannot insert data. the only function a hub serves is to assert that there is new data on the feed, and that clients should re-request the feed. a malicious hub could continually signal clients to keep fetching the feed, triggering a Denail-of-Service on the feed. that's really the only possible mis-use. hubs can also proxy. ycombinator could run their own hub that could subscribe to someone else's hub and notify by proxy all of it's clients. this negates a lot of the "big hub" mumbo jumbo you seem to fear. to answer your original confusion, the problem PubSubHubbub solves are two fold. foremost, 5 minutes is a long time in some worlds. second, every client subscribing has to pole every 5 minutes, asserting an etag and/or if-modified-since, which the server then has to look at and validate. with pubsubhubbub, results are "instant" and the server doesnt have any load when nothing new is being posted. this is indeed a big deal. to your last, a micro hub will have no additional load, so long as the micro hub has any subscribers. I'm not sure why you'd say puppet isnt a server provisioning tool. This managing of configurations you talk about, the way puppet interacts with package managers to install packages, these are the tasks I think about when I hear server provisioning. remember when Steve Jobs announced the iPhone, and said the only applications for it would be web applications? [1] and how, across the next 5 months before native apps were announced, people alternatively wondered how they were going to possibly develop for it, or whether it was going to be a second genesis for the web? yeah, good times. [1] http://www.engadget.com/2007/06/11/apple-announces-third-par... Fuck yes. This isn't about GB/$. This is about IOPS/($ x density) and Throughput/($ x density). Databases and datastores used to be limited by iops, and SSD's are altering the balance of where that bottleneck occurs: we've already seen absurd 9x SSD systems[1] and 24x SSD systems[2] running off three or four SATA/SCSI cards; this offers those levels of performance in a single package. 3GBps is 24Gbps. A mere two of these will max out the IO Hub on a Nehalem, which is good for 40Gbps[3]. As for getting that data into the CPU, the top of the line MP Xeon offers four QPI links good for 25.6Gbps a piece. That's 100Gbps, which four of these could provide, and it stands as a fixed upper bound for how much data an SMP (4-way in this case) system can be fed (and thus crunch) at once (and uses expensive 4-way cpus to do it). The throughput limit is now (erm, will be) the platform, not the IO storage. This is huge. Wait, no, strike that, it's incomprehensibly small, small and fast. References: [1] "Battleship mtron" http://www.nextlevelhardware.com/storage/battleship/ [2] "Samsung SSD Awesomeness" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96dWOEa4Djs&fmt=22 [3] "Building a Single Box 100Gbps Router" via http://shader.kaist.edu/packetshader/ I'd love to hear about the ASIC this runs on. Will it present SATA's AHCI interface? Will it eschew SATA altogether? Warranty is key here. That and having prepared ops. Which is no different than it was with HD's. But for the sake of it, let's run the numbers. A 700GB drive being written at 2GB/s would fully cycle in 350 seconds. That's 86400/350 is 247 cycles a day (amusing 247 ~ 24/7 coincidence spotted). Assuming a 10,000 cycle life, that's 40 days of operation. Go to 100,000 cycle life and that a 400 day lifetime of non-stop full-speed writing. And worth every sweet cent of that somewhat short life, in this commenters opinion. I'm sure that the half rack of HD's it'd take to get this kind of IOPs wouldn't have an in any way improved expected lifetime cost. If you just need throughput the story may be a little different. Samsung has spent considerable effort getting better utilization of the PowerVR GPU, originally for the Galaxy Tab. It's really quite a shame these kind of under the hood optimizations are so far out of the mind of consumers; factors such as responsiveness and scrolling quality severely impact perceived experience, but there aren't good metrics and consumers don't know to look for them. To talk briefly about one item here, embedded systems dev kits; They strike me as a ludicrous 'pay to play' scheme. The old standard is that you have to buy a $2500 dev kit for every developers, and that standard has kept the individuals and enthusiasts out. OEM's ought have full design files for multiple reference board available, and sell implementations for something like cost. Much of this trenchant multi-level commercialism (developer kit company, silicon company) was natural for the way the software tooling used to work; one off debugging interfaces (also frequently $1000+) talking to each vendor's proprietary compilation/debugging toolchain, booting each vendor's own bootcode and running drivers developed by the vendor. Thankfully the open source stack is getting better. Another commenter discussed a sustainable bicycle part company ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2629346 ), and I see a similar parallel in that chip companies ought be investing in sustainable openly accessible tooling. SoC and high speed serial radically simplify many aspects of board design, chip companies ought be actively promoting the other side of easy accessibility & be working to produce open source drivers, facilitate tool support from the likes of OpenOCD, uBoot, &c, and doing every thing they can to reduce barriers to entry. linux can still boot without a /usr. this was a commit; how many people ran it? on the other hand, delete the boot.ini[1] and most windows systems cant even boot. now deploy that boot.ini deleting build on an MMO (eve online) and watch the fur fly. that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you earn a :golfclap:. [1] http://google.com/search?q=ccp+boot.ini I'm really excited I don't have to build my own XMPP Muji client[1]. Hang-outs are something I've wanted for a long long time; passive virtual spaces. Goonfleet used to go crazy with Stickam, but it was more event oriented, less passive. Hopefully this can be a good marker in helping people actually communicate and build community over the net, v. individual play. [1] http://telepathy.freedesktop.org/wiki/Muji I haven't heard anything about API's or developers. Another annoying case of "do no evil" not implying anything about actually pushing the state forward or helping. I'm not altogether that interested in the greater of the two silos, although I am excited by a state of play other than facebook moseying down the field palming the ball in one hand. Actually it's just Stickam. One that encourages you to be a leet idler. Enjoyable article, probably true for many; making me further happy I just picked up a stack of James Hillman & other Archetypal Psychologies & symbol books. There's nothing inherently contradictory about an unknowable truth. Disagree: it's merely trite, not incorrect, and in spite of being trite it still brings a grin to my lips. It starts with an arbitrary premise ("the brain wants to process symbols"). Since the premise is arbitrary, it doesn't help me at all. I think you are far off the mark. Want may well be tangential. The brain is a symbol processor; that's all it knows how to do. If there aren't positive feedbacks in place to encourage it to do what it does, this sole ability will atrophy and decay. Here's is your much vaunted evolution, in 36 words. The philosopher in me would much rather interrogate the implications and dynamics that this situation creates, and accept apriori what I see as self evident facts of creation. One of the main questions is how wide/broad spectrum a light source is. CFL's, I believe, have strong & narrow emission bands[1]. LED's tend to be a bit fatter (also shown in link[1]). I adore NIST's "Spectrally tunable lighting facility"[2]: a room with a huge variety of different narrow-ish-band LED's. You talked about a tuneable RGB array for selecting color, this is the same idea but comprised of 22 different colors, giving way better spectral control. Humans might not know the difference when they're looking at grey cards, but when it comes to seeing how different spectrums of light interact with real objects, I really like this idea of a tunable light source. [1] http://web.ncf.ca/jim/misc/cfl/ [2] http://www.nist.gov/pml/div685/grp05/vision_lighting.cfm LED & CFL are very much opposite situations for powering: LED uses very low voltage DC at high currents, and CFL uses high frequency high voltage low current. LED's have to be current limited. I recently picked up a 2V 100A power supply off ebay for some LED projects. :) The Mac's DHCP client is using the router's mac addresses to verify it's on the right network, and it already knows it still holds the lease. What the fuck more do you want? What are you afraid of? The only conceivable grief you can put forward is that the ARP check isn't good enough. The client already owns the lease. If there's IP contention, it's because either a) it's not on the right network after all (arp check) or b) the server's fucked up and it's the servers fault (dhcp server allocated an IP twice). Ok, so assuming the DHCP server isn't faulty may be a bit of a stretch. But coding your client to assume the server can do it's job does not deserve an "Ok, seriously?" hurf-burf post. Please name one or more DHCP server which will knowingly violate a lease it has granted, via "kill the oldest" or any other means. DHCP (rfc2131) doesn't really talk about IP exhaustion. It's undefined behavior, and there's a bunch of people in here saying that server's have every right to violate DHCP leases, otherwise someone can take over a network by continually claiming all of a Class C by continually making DHCP requests. That argument makes sense, but it goes very strongly against the grain of what I would think a DHCP lease meant, whcih is that it's a contract for a specific amount of time. If it is indeed a contract for a specific amount of time, the client has every right to claim what they're contractually obliged to. This was my initial assumption, and I believe it's Apple's rather valid assumption. It's not a case of Apple not following the protocol. It's a case of the real world being more complex than the protocol. Her network didnt produce this, a friend who had a kid with the same disease produced this. Stop mis-attributing individual connections as being performed by the collective. Those Nazi photographs that made the rounds recently? At the time they were heralded as a "wisdom of the crowds" moment, some great network shifting in to gear to crunch a hard problem. The case here & there are the same; it's not about the network, the collective knowledge, it's connecting to the right individuals.[1] [1] http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/06/22/world-war-ii-myster... Open sourced as of March 18th, 2011: http://code.google.com/p/leveldb/source/browse/trunk/LICENSE... That initial checkin: http://code.google.com/p/leveldb/source/detail?r=2 He looks so different than OSCON 2007: http://blip.tv/oreilly-open-source-convention/oscon-2007-ste... JUST FUCKING STOP IT. Don't use an ISO in the first place. Just make a USB drive with partitions and copy the damned data onto the USB drive. If you want a bootable partition, use syslinux, as detailed here: http://thefowle.livejournal.com/470622.html Going after people running Low Orbit Ion Cannon and expecting to get top brass is... incredible wishful thinking. I thought unetbootin was targeted towards single partition drives? The main advantage of what I've written is you get a nice FAT32 partition with syslinux, and secondary partitions on your USB drive for the actual OS; thus Windows (dunno about Mac) can use the drive normally, and it doubles as a bootable drive. Unforutnately unetbootin's "how it works" page is extremely sparse on detail. http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/unetbootin/wiki/howitworks $ cat /etc/fstab / /dev/sda2 ext4 ro 1 1 Graphics are only a very small part of the advantage a truly volumetric world could present. A game that captured wind currents, scent, EM spectrum... these are just some of the attributes air normally carries that most games do not capture but that a volumetric system might be used to capture. It's likely someone can poke holes in my premise, but as a general rubric any law that mandates turning over personal information to law enforcement for the mere asking is highly suspect. Reminds me highly of those halcyon days of game modding, where everyone was building awesome Q1 and Unreal mods and levels. And one by one, at first slowly, those authors got plucked up and pulled into industry. The whole modding notion has become a rarity because, well, why mod when you can work in the commercial space making games? Prove yourself out by writing some decent mod content, then get hired. Judging SSD's by their little performance bits is a kind of amusing endeavor: the latest SandForce already saturates a 6Gbps SATA III link, and others are catching up real fast. This pretty standard unit of measure is hitting the limits of the interface, not the drive. What other criteria are there? GB/$, performance/watt, watts at idle, IOps, and warranty or lifecycle costs. Personally, I find something "big enough", ignore power consumption and iops (neither is going to make a huge enough difference for me to concern myself), and then get whatever I can find that has the longest warranty. I see very little reason I shouldn't do everything in RSS. I agree with Marco that this presents a danger of being committed to too much, of being afraid to trash things; the solution is to clearly isolate in your feed reader the feeds you do, and do not expect to fully read. Facebook: give me back my RSS feeds, you bastards. Small non-exclusive company rails against big companies who shield their developers / have become exclusive, news at 7. I'm all for companies that can keep developers and engineers up at the front, being deeply technical involved and interacting with their communities. But that's not going to be all companies, and Facebook in particular is one of those companies that is by their nature a closed system that builds itself not out in public (ala, say Mozilla), but through the proxy of press releases and new features dropped onto users' and 3rd partys' laps. The other big factor I'd pitch would be consistency: how much technical content is there, and what amount is appropriate for a developer to be showing off? If the event is not inherently a technical event, a fifteen or thirty minute segment from a developer might seem really out of place. Developers are to be respected, but Facebook isn't a technical company, it's a networking company. Facebook's infrastructure is open, but their product I would not hesitate to label as closed, even if it has APIs. Programming blogs post daily???? [1] demonstrates the use of default. var optimist= require('optimist') .alias({e:'email', hp:'homepage', a:'auto', '?':'help'}) .default('auto',true) I'm not sure whether I like the usage pattern of this code, which uses promises to resolve argv's[2]. I'll investigate having optimist autogenerate a usage statement; that would be convenient both as a dev and as a user. [1] https://github.com/rektide/git-ts/blob/master/publish.js#L3 [2] https://github.com/rektide/git-ts/blob/master/publish.js#L102 Sugarless is apparently a toolkit for creating execution contexts bearing a strong resemblance to a run through a Chain of Command pattern. you can only descend further into your command stack, not transition upwards. you could make a state machine by modelling out transitions forwards, sure, but it'd be of limited length. nay, execution context DSL. This has to be one of the least eloquent, least stirring most important ideas ever. We live with hypertext, in a world where Marshal McLuhan's entire "medium is the message" rules us in deeply different interconnected ways, yet people are allowed to claim mediums for themselves as inventions when in fact it's merely expression, not novel craft. I like how they admit right out that they pass off requests to a ThreadPool and that it's non-optimal for application performance. Similar to IIS 6.0 (classic mode, a.k.a. ISAPI mode), the request is still handed over to ASP.NET on an IIS I/O thread. And ASP.NET immediately posts the request to the CLR Threadpool and returns pending. We found this thread switch was still necessary to maintain optimal performance for static file requests. Author goes on to say it was done because static file serving is blocking, which ate away too heavily at a unified threadpool between IIS and ASP.NET. I'd call out SEDA here again. Passing work items around between executors is in-advisable. That said, the typical problem to "you need a responsive request handler" is "offload the work item asap and yield," and done well there's many many right ways for that effort to look like SEDA. So the server has multiple threads. If a handler blocks in one thread, another thread can pick up incoming requests. So far, so good. In return for needing to carefully synchronise access to shared state, we get to efficiently share that state (even if its just a hot cache of secure session cookies - things you don’t want to be validating every incoming request etc) between many threads and multiplex incoming requests between them. Sharing state is bad, m-kay? Allow Node to do it's thing ( So the server has multiple threads. If a handler blocks in one thread, another thread can pick up incoming requests. ). It's aggrieving that this model requires any given handler to be able to service any given request, tbh. Shared state is a folly. A serializing token scheme might work well: if a request fails to find the data local to it's core, it passes a serializing token of the request around the ring of handlers, asking either a, for the required data, or b, take the token and run the data. Serializing tokens are a concept Matt Dillon spoke of often at the inception of DragonflyBSD; much like locks, except that ownership is not relinquished, someone always hold the token, but instead phase changed, yielded to another. it's a responsive less a stateful ownership. Sadly that token ownership negotiation requires some kind of interruption in the currently-occupied worker thread: if that thread could be interrupted to do other things, this serializing token negotiation might be an acceptable argument (ending with a) no, i'm busy using that set, b) sorry, i had the data and was free, so i completed it, or c) here's the data, i'm busy and not using it). But it does still require thread-interruption. If the worker thread can yield frequently and resume, finding the answer might be a small enough invisible enough calculation to help plaster over there being interruptions altogether; that's essentially the hope. The result would be the mating of green threading to with location aware latency aware multi-processing. The final question/answer is resolved around, Hellepoll has the concept of a task tree - tasks can be subtasks of others, and this simplifies tidy-up when one aborts. This explicit linking of tasks and callbacks can be used to determine what gets migrated when a task blocks, to ensure that the cascade of events associated with a request do not themselves get split, but fire in the originating thread and in the right order even if at some point the thread triggers the blocking watchdog. He asks, in closing, I am not a node.js user but I wonder if this approach could be transparent in node and not actually break any of the API contract there? This is the work being done on 0.8, with domains and isolates. It is explicitly to allow this kind of task/work parenting to be made: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/nodejs/eVBOYiI_O_A/-mA... The custom ASIC work is interesting, but I tend to think Caldexa's approach of just putting 4x10Gbit ethernet links on each CPU instead of building specialized virtualization HW would be a more worthwhile advancement. That said I think it's awesome and there's a huge opportunity for AMD to do great things with some cool super small super dense computing here. Given all the things the Google Chrome User-Agent does keep in sync across different User-Agent instances, I'd imagine keeping a host of origin-bound certs in sync wouldn't pose too great a challenge. I'd love to see BrowserAuth take off! Do ya'll know about the Sugar Project's Collaborative Activities (Sugar is the UI that once was OLPC)? It uses multi-computer DBus Tubes to enable cross system activities: here's their multi-player MIDI environment where kids can jam together via each of their' computers' on screen or real MIDI devices. OpenMirage project is a similar-ish idea, providing numerous implementations of a std-lib for different targets (sample targets: Android, Linux OS, raw x86), and using this limited API. Sure, ZeroVM has it's own "vm instructions" rather than "library calls," but the ideas both reduce to building virtual machines for great glory and profit. AutoPager is on both Chrome and Firefox and bloody changed my life. Parent was TL;DR: I already knew this is bloody essential, totally the only proper way to do things, and that one cannot go back after having tried. Of course, the other major split from Atwood is that I think he's dead wrong. It's not about delivering better targetted results. That will, inevitably, fail. It's about the other part he briefly mentions- reducing irrelevant friction. The reason Google suceeded only with shorter results was because the friction of scanning through and filtering a result was so very high (taking a couple excerpts, a title, furrowing one's brow, thinking hard, and making a binary click/ don't click value-judgement guess). https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mmgagnmbebdebebbcl... https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/autopager/ Chumby is gone. But it's lead engineer Bunnie has a new company, BunnieStudios. http://www.bunniestudios.com/ BunnieStudios makes the netv device: it's an HDMI pass-through injector, and it's interface is all web based. REALLY nice polyfill! The Filesystem API is really good for DIY'ing cache, particularly useful when you have dynamic assets that you don't want to list out one by one in an Application Cache's manifest file. The problem is covered really well by the presentation Douchebag: AppCache, by Jake Archibald. http://lanyrd.com/2012/jsconf-us/sqxcz/ Using IndexedDB to fill the Filesystem API makes loads of sense! It'd be great if cached JSON data were usable as IndexedDB data too, more than an opaque blob: you could fetch data via FS api, but run most of your UI off the IndexedDB side. This is getting a little fantastical, but happy hacking to anyone venturing out that way! for the more DIY, hrtime.cputime() works great too. No. Anyone who has ever run a MPD server and turned on the Avahi advertisement has run a social streaming media server. DLNA and AirPlay come close, except they don't have editable playlists (just, loadable ones). The Nexus Q maintains a playlist that can be collaboratively edited. What this thing is not any different than is MPD, Music Playing Daemon. Which, btw, is nine year old software. Photo I took tonight of my 'social media streaming' output-only hardware: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/dgit2hfs... AirPlay offends my delicate palate with the odor of closed pricey unnecessarily locked down technology. Use UPnP or DLNA for your interoperable "high-quality" streaming needs please. DLNA MediaRenderer AV devices, aka televisions, have been pretty popular for a while. We're just seeing DLNA speakers showing up, now that AirPlay is on the scene. There is one missing DLNA capability I think Airfoil might have, which is whole house synced audio. This is a ubicomp play, pure and simple, and they kept it bare bones. A) Less chance of confusing people with "apps" or anything fancy. B) Locked down to the Play Googlesphere. The two reasons I've cooked up for why an audio amplifier is on the unit: 1. The device is meant to grow a whole house audio network. Your main A/V system can run the main room, but your Nexus Q devices in your bathroom, your den, and your kitchen ought not all need full AV setups as well. 2. One of the main use cases is to offer a digital welcoming mat at your site to anyone who comes by. I'm not sure what the system capabilities are for the Nexus Q, but plenty of tablets and mobile devices have pretty respectable displays: what they lack is speakers, because speakers by their nature are bulky and weighty devices. Nexus Q solves the most problematic part of nomadic computing, adequate sound: the only part of media consumption that is by it's nature required to be a part of the room infrastructure. There's a freebie reason as well: it's cost is close enough to free. The audio chip, TAS5713, is listed as $2.15 in 1k units. They probably had to spend that again to upgrade the power supply, for which 25 of it's available 35 watts are dedicated to audio, and most of that cost gets sunk in larger passive components. The binding posts are probably nearly a dollar. There's a tiny bit more board real estate, a couple more passive components, but those are pennies. The overall cost is, I maintain, slight. Adding more power would've been problematic: bigger power supply, perhaps bigger PCB traces, and the unvented passive-cooling-cum-metal-casing would have needed to be revamped to handle the significant heat-load. After 25 watts, audio goes from being a single chip IC to requiring discrete components, namely cooled and dedicated power switching transistors. 25 watts was as most as could be squeezed in easily. You mention amplifier speakers in your post, ot, but M-Audio AV40's would be my goto compare, and at 20 watts/channel they're A) are not much of an upgrade and b) no slouch in their class, having more watts than many many AirPlay devices. Amplified speakers also create a much more complex wiring scenario: instead of being free to wire speakers wherever, one speaker now wants wall power, and the other speaker has to chain off the first. With an integrated amplifier, speakers are free to be moved into whatever satellite position is desired. 12.5 watts is quite a lot of power. It sounds meek compared to the hundred watts of an AV amplifier, and indeed, it won't get ragingly loud on most speaker sensitivities, but it will be loud (buy a Sonic Impact T-Amp and find out for yourself! $35 awesome-sauce battery-powerable mini amp, highly recommended!). I for one think the ability to easily throw up cloud powered bookshelf speakers wherever is really cool. This OpenHome is interesting, there's a lot of stuff going on here! An OS to host Web UI's for controlling a network stack... whoa, there's a lot here. There are a lot of AV components, listed at http://openhome.org/wiki/OhMedia . Multiroom and party-mode synchronized audio are there too. My biggest fear is Ouya being anything other than another Android device that runs Android software. I'm terrified the company tries to create their own platform, rather than just creating a very solid reference hardware that'd be ideal for Android gaming. The completely non-standard gamepad with display is a terrifying hint that Ouya is trying to do their own thing, not build a good solid ecosystem device. The market has no incentive to create a system that hands users a microscope that shows what is happening at the cellular level, that can, as a natural science not programming, demonstrate what is happening. To say the market has demonstrated that people don't care about comprehending is false: the market has not found a marketable way to sell explodable systems, and CS has not created runtimes that can illustrate their functionality, can be introspected into, in a high level or compelling systems view. _The big problem with our culture is that it's being dominated, because the electronic media we have is so much better suited for transmitting pop-culture content than it is for high-culture content. I consider jazz to be a developed part of high culture. Anything that's been worked on and developed and you [can] go to the next couple levels._ I'm not sure that our media is necessarily better suited towards transmission: I suspect we just lack mediums that make looking at what is happening evident and interesting (even with X years of programming experience, watching another persons webapp run is rarely fun or an obvious exercise). This is a failure of our runtimes and the weak structures we use to build code. The tech is not here yet: Passpoint/Hotspot 2.0 is the first step of many that will eventually integrate Wi-Fi hotspots seamlessly into the carrier’s mobile networks. Networks will be able to pass subscribers from cell site to hotspot and back again as Wi-Fi gets incorporated into the increasingly diverse array of small cells that will make up future heterogeneous networks, or HetNets. That’s still a long time coming though. Hotspot 2.0 only takes care of the discovery and authentication of carrier-owned or managed hotspots. If you’re an AT&T or an SK Telecom with tens of thousands of hotspots under your control, then Passpoint will be a boon, as certified devices will automatically connect to any carrier access point in range. http://gigaom.com/broadband/wi-fi-alliance-begins-certifying... When this happens, except "your" FIOS router to start serving data to Verizon wireless users. Four times the cores, four times the cost! I own a openrd platform, which isn't perhaps quite as up to date as the CuBox chipset, and it too has many of the features you mention. But it is not a fast system. Gigabit ethernet? Sure, but good luck getting anywhere near that speed. Similar for the e-Sata port. Oh, sure, I can get a 60 mbps samba share up on the thing, but that caps out it's cpu. The specifications for what it supports does not indicate what kind of performance it will have. The quad core Samsung processor will almost certainly dominate the Marvell unit's performance. Or maybe not: I don't have one. I've just been underwhelmed by what throughput Marvell has delivered me. There's some intent in Ouya to whore themselves out as some kind of developer platform, when all that is wanted, desired, or necessary is a solid stable reference Android platform for developing games on. Ouya seems to want to inject themselves as "something more," without making any statements about what is short about Android at large, aside from a lack of a passable GPU in the Google TV world. Sure, Openrd/sheevaplug/dreamplug/&all, the marvell series, run Debian with ease. Flatiron speaks to your calling malandrew: "No one agrees on frameworks. It's difficult to get consensus on how much or how little a framework should do. Flatiron's approach is to package simple to use yet full featured components and let developers subtract or add what they want" http://flatironjs.org/ , Philosophy I agree that the best thing about Node.js is how small, what tiny surface most modules have. Node, hopefully, can stay on this path so far away from the rest of the development world, can be a programming environment where people understand full stack how their application functions. I think not making frameworks or making them out of small modular systems is what it takes to make that win. I don't have a strict definition for library and framework, but I think the distinction comes down to more than just size. A framework is indeed "just a library," but when one is using a framework one is building on that framework, using that structure to construct some new thing. A library I see as something that is called into for some routine, it's a body of functionalities one can tap into. Your code is-a instance of your chosen framework, and it has-a series of calls out to libraries. Booing is a bit mean-spirited. I think the appropriate disruption is everyone saying "rabble rabble rabble rabble" together. I prefer someone keep rolling for sanity loss & resume the work on isolates! Web serving is OK & all, but I'd love if node could be an ideal runtime for petri-nets and webworker meshes too. I admire Vert.x for trying to bring deployability to the separate-non-shared-event-loop world (aka: where Node is): Vert.x has "verticles," which are instantiated multiple times but share no data. It's very similar to node's cluster execution, except Vert.x is a thorough answer to the deployment problem (going as so far as to bake in Hazelcast if you want to scale out from one multi-threaded process to multiple likely-cross-machine processes). Yet Node itself can not and should not solve the deployment problem: node is a javascript runtime, and contrary to earlier claims I'd declare not opinionated, not one to make this decision for us. The scaling out story is indeed not easy: even tasks like validating session credentials need to be mastered by the team (persist creds into a data-store, or use group communication/pubsub: building for Node is a lot like building for multi-machine Java). The level of DIY-it-ness here are indeed colossal. What I'd contrast against your view- and I agree with most of your premise, that node is extremely seductive and dangerous and many are apt to get in way way way over their head- is that the comforts you describe are what kill these other languages, what strange and prevent us from becoming better more understanding programmers. Ruby, python, php, less so perl, the webdev that goes on there happens by and large at extreme levels of abstraction: developers flock to the known explored center, the tools with the most, the places that seem safest. The dangerous dangerous scenario presented by most good web development tools is that it is the tools that know how to run things. Contrary to the charge into the breech throw up ad-hoc platforms in production every day mentality (of node), these (ruby, php, python) platforms stagnate, they fall to the ruin as their tooling strives towards ever reaching greater heights: the tools accrue more and more responsibility, there are better carved out & expected ways to do things, and incidental complexity, the scope of what must be known, how far one has to travel, to get from writing a page to it getting shipped over the wire or executing, balloons. If anything, Node's core lesson to the world has been about how much is not required. Connect, the only & extremely extremely low-lifed common denominator of Node web world, is the meager-est, tiniest smallest iota of a pluggable middleware system (if only Senchalabs had been courteous enough to be more up front about it being a complete and total rip off Commons-Chain & to not add a thing, I would not bloody loath it). That pattern? bool execute(Context context). Did you handle this request? No? Ok, next. You need to deploy a bunch of processes on a bunch of boxes? You an probably write up something perfectly adequate in a week. Don't have a week? Go find a module: certainly Substack has at least one for whatever your cause (here it's Fleet, https://github.com/substack/fleet ). Node modules are wonderful. They all have some varyingly long list of dependencies, usually the tree is 4-8 different things, but the total amount of code being executed from any given module is almost always short of a couple dozen KB: your engineering team can come in and understand anything in a day or three, and gut it and rebuild it in another day or two. Modules, unlike how development processes have shaped up in hte past decade, are wonderfully delightfully stand-alone: there are no frameworks, no crazy deployment systems, no bloody tooling one is writing to: it's just a couple of functions one can use. The surface area, what is shown, is tiny, is isolated, is understandable, there's no great deep mesh. This runs so contrary to the Drupal, to the Rails, to the Cakes or Faces of the world where one is not writing a language, they're at the eight degree of abstraction writing tools for a library that implements enhancements for a framework that is a piece of an ioc container that runs on a application server that runs on a web server that runs in a runtime that actually does something with the OS. We need to get more developers willing to charge into the breech and break out a gun fight. This stuff is not that complicated,* and the tools we have are hiding that fact from us more often than not. So, I admire and love approaches like Vert.x, that take the reactor pattern (what powers Node) and blow it up to the n-th degree, that solve deployment challenges, but at the same time I don't think there is a huge amount of magic there: most node developers have not advanced their runtimes to the level of parity that is called for yet, but this I do not see as a colossal problem. Node, shockingly, even when hideously under tooled, under supported, under op'ed, seems to stand up and not fall over in, in a vast amount of cases. Problems of the rich, good problems to have, when your node system is having worrisome performance problems: most projects will not scale this big, Node will just work, and hopefully you have enough actual genuine talent with enough big picture understanding wtc on your side to not be totally frozen out when your traffic goes up 10x in two days and no one anticipated it. Node is not a land for hand holding, and I don't think that's a bad thing: I think it'll help us listen better to our machines, to not follow our toolings lead into the breech, but to consider what it is we really actually are building for ourselves. I'd like you to offer your own suggestions for in-use next gen technology, in return for having read all the above. Whatever you have your world stage set with, your assumed knowledge about the state of play that you use to project forwards, is not commonly held. Get off the fucking soapbox and present a damned case, man. Tribler, http://www.tribler.org/ is, to my knowledge, nearly the only assemblage advancing p2p & which is in use at the current moment. It's half academic stomping ground, one quarter experiment, and one quarter earnest direct directed software, yet this loose assemblage of different interests is, as far as I know, the only ones doing anything like what you're talking about, making systems where for example even search can be done p2p. They call this 4G P2P: http://www.tribler.org/trac/wiki/4thGenerationP2P . > It takes all of 10 minutes to setup a site/tracker like Demonoid. "10 minutes" to set up the site and half a decade of fostering, seeding trust and a community of people who laboriously upload and seed content, and then five years of fighting ISPs, world politics and DDoS attacks to stay running. > my point is that the technologies for strong crypto and decentralization have already been established My point is that the technologies of your point are useless and irrelevant without means to create connections between people. Existing P2P and cryptoware hides stuff for all but the participating parties, but creating those groups of participation has, thusfar, always been the domain of centralized easy-to-take down services. The mold you set, of speaking of this oncoming future, waving your hand about "next gen," is a massive dis-service and harmful uninformed PR against the work that needs to be done. The change you hope is in the wind isn't going to be a part of the technical evolution and flow of progress, it's a deliberate technological revolution, making the fickle changing mesh of us all self assemble in a behaved fashion to permit us to shoot content queries to everyone on the planet in search of a copy of XYZ audiobook, and find the two people who have it. That requires huge amounts of caching of the libraries available content out there (so we don't actually have to go ask everyone ), or what Tribler calls their megacaches, which at this stage are far more local than global. So we have steps. BuddyCast3, the social overlay that underpins much of Tribler, gets some of the way there, but it's far far from a global search, and most of it's content is populated by existing trackers. Magnets, DHT, PEX, these were all invaluable core decentralization tools, but finding what it is you want, searching through whatever content is out there, is a huge problem which, unlike better lithography technology, no one has a roadmap for achieving, and saying otherwise builds a false sense of comfort that betrays the cause. Tribler is the only item mentioned that has P2P discovery, is the only one that is pushing decentralization to the last holdout preventing decentralized filesharing: trackers. The other options mentioned here, RetroShare and VPN's, are about saying, fuck it, we give up, doing public p2p filesharing is impossible, we'll do it oldschool warez IRC channel style and build darknets for those that care to and know how to chase this stuff down into the deeper webs we're tunneling. There's -absolutely nothing- little new or progressive or decentralized or P2P about these solutions: they were done adequately when in 2003 Justin Frankel/AOL release WASTE (which itself was not supremely novel, just well done & usable), and before that IRC and FTP. In other words, we still have no replacement for trackers (in the loose sense, given magnets), they make our p2p networks possible right now. Additionally there is a bup backend target for git-annex. Bup is targetted as a rsync-like backup service that can do incremental backups and ought work OK with large binary files. https://github.com/apenwarr/bup/ It was through Bup that I originally discovered git-annex. Great phones, on my second pair, but not open-workspace friendly. My last Samsung in ears sounded good but the cords kicked it in no time. Picked up two pairs of Sennheiser CX 495s as replacements. Good phones, seem more rugged, only wish I'd gotten phones with a mic too. Your initial reading is incorrect. Past 250,000/yr, you go back to the normal 2.75% rate; you remain eligible up to that point, and that point is not determined monthly but annually. Thanks, that's a very important gotcha in current payment systems. Most interesting thinking of ways to work within that seemingly draconian framework! I was going to say it looks like a Bussard IEC (Inertial Electrostatic Containment) with a VASIMR (Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket) tacked on the back, but there's a dozen things about the IEC that they're talking that seem different, and they spent little enough time detailing the thruster that comparisons v.s. VASIMR are a little tricky. Lol, wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polywell http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VASIMR That in racing games the ideal line is the same for all car, much less for all suspension tuning, speaks to me of how utterly simplistic our models are for the best way to throw a car around the track. The ability to reliably max out your traction circle is good, very last microsecond braking wonderful, and computers are wonderful at this micro-task. But knowing when exceeding it is ok, having a feel for where you need to be, and more than anything the planning and knowledge to max out turn exit speed velocity at all costs, these are all awfully complicated & sophisticated problems that have less to do with micro-optimizing the immediate present. I certainly think cars will get there too. But I'd be surprised if we were really modelling the right problems at this stage. Emulating a person's sense of agency and purposefulness is, my guess would be, still a stretch. A person's ability to plan better is, my guess would be, trump enough over the micro-cheats of the machine. It'll be interesting to see the domains where AI surpasses humans quicker. You mention the "no longer has to be a car advantage," which certainly holds true in the military drone regime, but where will in evened parity computerized elegance shine through brightest first? I tend to think something like F1, which is about extremely sharp reactions with extremely capable vehicles will lend itself to the micro-optimizations of the virtual well. What about a GT Touring race, or a club car race? Wouldn't it be a shocker if AI ends up crushing humans blithely in a stock Miata, but throw it in a GT car and it remains only human in performance? Maybe AI responsiveness and terrain estimation ends up dominating the rally circuit before the track? Mapping the domains where AI does succeed the most handily ought give the most remarkable contrast. Where do the tracks come from for a tag? Getting some good punk tonight! Well, aside from a Minutemen track that was in there! ;p Definitely some design challenges ahead. Make +Artist infinite scroll, put it in the very upper left. Make +Genre into #Genre and put it one column right of that. Put all the playlist controls in the third column, New/Random and Shuffle/Loop. Cram the main header & social feeds right of that, include the Add Tracks in the lower part, and then the video in your fourth and last column. That's my suggestion at a first pass anyways. There are three different tools for adding songs, and knowing you need to click & do something with them is priority #1 for new people, and needs to be minimal. The big search box doesn't help, as it takes to much brain power to see something happen. The +Artist and #Genre columns top left are to try to condense & make apparent their utility, stress the need to do one of them asap. Search is more advanced, people seeking shall find. Great functionality! Love it. What's it coded in? Would be happy to rejigger your front end code for the above. Lambasting libtool for providing a consistent experience across star-NIX is, imo, not the wisest move for a FreeBSDer. Article: This is a horribly bad idea, already much criticized back in the 1980s when it appeared, as it allows source code to pretend to be portable behind the veneer of the configure script, rather than actually having the quality of portability to begin with. It is a travesty that the configure idea survived. Good high-minded notions here. But configure, with it's standardized parameters for how to do stuff, is near irreplaceable at this point. Certainly a more stripped down version, one not built on M4, would be wise, but libtool/autoconf itself is used too broadly & with trepid familiarity by developers & upstream maintainers: in spite of so much of it being indeed old deprecated no longer useful cruft, the best we can hope for is duplicating a wide amount of the existing functionality in a cleaner manner. But at what cost would reimplementation come? How many weird build targets would for months or years go unnoticedly broken? The place where we escape these painful histories is where we leaving the old systems programming languages behind. Node's npm I'd call out as a shining beacon of sanity, enabled by the best most popular code distribution format ever conceived: source distribution, coupled with a well defined not-completely-totally-batshit algorithm for looking for said sources when a program runs & at runtimes goes off to find it's dependencies: http://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/modules.html#modules_all_t... 3TB is a huge archive. I'm also not sure about your maths, billable peak hourly chiefly. [ed: dot multiplier for formatting] Let's run 100GB, X. Allowance limit: 100GB . 5% is 5GB/mo, or per day, 100GB/(20 30), 0.166GB/day; X/600. Hourly rate necessary for a sustained 24 hour cycle of 100GB is: 100GB/24hr, or 4.166GB/hr, X/24. Peak hourly, this. To determine the amount of data you get for free, we look at the amount of data retrieved during your peak day and calculate the percentage of data that was retrieved during your peak hour. We then multiply that percentage by your free daily allowance.* To begin all that's stated here is, break your data-retrieval out over a day. Their example: you retrieved 24 gigabytes during the day and 1 gigabyte at the peak hour, which is 1/24 or ~4% of your data during your peak hour. We're doing 4.166GB in the peak hour/100GB in the peak hour, or ~4%. X/24 / X = 1/24 = ~4.1666666% if you don't fuck your meteringly up. We multiply 4% by your daily free allowance, which is 20.5 gigabytes each day. This equals 0.82 gigabytes [ed: free allowance hourly]. We then subtract your free allowance from your peak usage to determine your billable peak. Free allowance hourly rate: 4.16666% . 0.166 = 0.006666, or (X/600/24), X/15000. A is at (12 . 1024)/15000, or indeed 0.8192 free, to verify. billable peak hourly is then: hourly peak rate - free rate, 4.1666 - 0.00666 = 4.160, or (X/24) - (X/600/24) or (X-(X/600))/24 or (599X/600)/24 or simply, billable peak hourly will always be for sufficiently non-incompetent implementations: ~0.0415972222X. Always. Let's check: 100GB . 0.041597 = 4.15970. Cannot compare to amazon, because their hourly rate is calculating a 24GB of 12TB archive download, but, 1-0.8192 still checks out. It would be 511.14666666 if their entire set, or (12 . 1024)/24 - 0.8192, 511.1808GB/hr peak hourly (nice pipes kids). Retrieval fee is then, 0.041597X . 720 . tier pricing, and tier pricing I really do not understand the origin of at all but all examples seem to be 0.01. So, $29.95/100GB. For 12TB, say hello to $3680.25599 transfer fee. 3TB is $920.064. 720 . (599X/600) /24 /100, so for the transfer of your entire set X GB of data, evenly done across the day, you will be charged: (599X/600).(3/10)$, 0.2995$/GB to pull data out in a day. I wasn't holding my breath, but I was thinking there's a possibility they were using short-stroking to speed up most of their systems hard drives by making a quarantined barely touched Glacier zone in the inside of their drives: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/Lck3MX2G... My backup wouldn't it be cool if is, unlike the above reasonableness, a joke: imagining 108 USB hard drives chained to a poor PandaBoard ES, running a fistful at a time: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/BJUJUVBh... The Marvell ARM chipsets at least have SATA built in, but I'm not sure if you can keep chaining out port expanders ad-infinitum the same way you can USB. ;) Thanks so much for your words. I'm nearly certain the custom logic boards you mention are done with far more vision, panache, and big-scale bottom line foresight than these ideas, even some CPLD multiplexers hotswapping drives would be a sizable power win over SATA port expanders and USB hubs. Check out the port expanders on OpenCompute Vault 1.0, and their burly aluminium heat sinks: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151285070574606... A possible alternative to Glacier+product X (you mention Arq) could perhaps be Git-Annex, recently mentioned as it's Kickstarting a friendly UI component: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4385886 http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joeyh/git-annex-assistan... Already has Amazon support: http://git-annex.branchable.com/tips/using_Amazon_S3/ Very friendly with very large files! I was quipping that I don't wish to see FreeBSD drift any further away from what unification there is. My fear is that the awful hack-on-hack-ad-infinitum we do have at least binds us together, even if it is in misery. I'm not at all uncomfortable with replacing libtool, and I'm certain a very good job could be made. But I can hear 18 m68k afficianados crying out in pain that the new toolchain doesn't work on their NetBSD system, or the guy who wrote his own C compiler that needs some extra rules feeling totally shafted because now he was to write M4 and "M5," which for some reason he cannot stand any more than M4 even thought it looks nothing alike. We stand unified. Not by good things. But by the woe we all suffer. To those out there seeking to crush that & make better, I wish you the best! Please keep in mind a simple mantra as you go about inventing the future, do no harm. Libtool maybe awful but it's how distributions are made. phkamp, sorry for missing the reply. M4 is ugly, libtool takes forever, everything in it is a hack. It's proven to be an at least adequately flexible hack that has kept *nix unified, more or less. I respect that, but I'm not a systems programmer that gets burned by it on a regular basis either, and I don't mind that my OpenWRT compiles of all packages take 32 hours and it's all libtool's fault. And yet they support a max of 100 vaults per account, so some roll behind recompaction of incrementals is still necessary. I do OK with macros which use registers: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8120486/how-to-provide-pa... This is, foremost, not at all too good to be true. The Mele A1000 http://rhombus-tech.net/allwinner_a10/hacking_the_mele_a1000... is $70, a mere $20 more: it's 2x the board real-estate, another $4 in connectors, it has a case, and it's been around for ~1 year now. What's interesting is how lagged the development world is from the consumer electronics world. If you want an Allwinner A10, or a Marvell Kirkwood/ ARMADA 300 piece of kit, and you want it at the best possible price, possibly before dev kits show up, you need to scope out consumer electronics, not dev boards. The Mele was a product, this lack's the consumer experience of a product, is just a platform, and it, like many dev kits, show lag v.s. what the consumer boys are up to. This is simply a small board exposing a very cheap ARM A8 SoC that does everything (just add ram+flash): hold on to your fucking pants and get used to the future. Course, may not materialize. My OpenPandora hasn't. ;) I thank you, in the same way I thank Ubuntu for existing: Someone needs to draw away the popular attention from those with the will to get stuff done. If I can re-furl my barbs & continue, if the Cubieboard were taking orders right now it would be a shit show of people coming in from Engadget and HN and all over buying these things up then being extremely aggravated they A) don't just work B) require some fairly serious willingness to chase out the good information on uboot, the sunxi platform, & to get your OS installed: there's not much in the way of authoritative, well compiled references for doing so. I was pretty shocked seeing this board on Engadget today. There've been a steady stream of similar-ish boards, such as the $60 Hackberry, also A10 based, which too is still in "prerelease" form. Supposedly Yeomen is supposed to drop soon, which- I'm just guessing- is a bunch of inits and tasks built on Grunt to accomplish more. Yeomen is out of Google. Dev hardware, *board, is for suckers: cheap hardware now a days is consumer gear. Recap: X220 idling: 8.5W. iPad's max 5W. Agreed about one thing, Intel is finally starting to care about power efficiency. The CPUs have been solid since the Pentium M days, but the chipsets feel more neglected. Oh, wimax, that's unfortunate: I was hoping it was piggybacking some LTE or HSDPA network. This is no longer nearly as interesting. That said, this being a pay-per-use device is awesome, and it being useful to anyone nearby is doubly awesome. $15/GB is a way better pay-per-use price than anyone else out there. Walmart TruConnect, for example, is a 3G only device that is $45/GB. Real pay per use encourages us to be thrifty with out bandwidth, to connect to wifi, and to not worry about a silly over-utilization feees (going over) or silly under-utilization (per month plans far in excess of actual usage). I highly look forward to this less stressful pay-per-use data economy taking root. DebTorrent was to be a set of BitTorrent extensions to allow the Debian archive to be syndicated as one ever-growing torrent. Seems similar to the use case here, and free from the problem we have now which is the huge indexes getting hit by takedown notices. http://wiki.debian.org/DebTorrent Super interested to see whether they attempt to support DirectX games or no! The effort you spend denouncing them- 116 words v.s. less than 160 characters total in theirs- makes you look like a tosser. Their actions weren't advisable by any measure, but you've certainly demonstrated a willingness to make up your mind about them, based off a number of extremely extremely short pithy statements. Dial down your indignation, friend: help us get rid of this reek. Steven and Corey have both more or less begged off from even trying to say what they mean- they have simply apologized for introducing volatility, for hurting feelings. I find it outrageously presumptuous to take such short, pithy tweets, and to claim they were made with malice, intending to antagonize, or were in fact bullying. The fact is Nodeites are renowned for rehashing the entrenched. It also, gasp, has callbacks. These people weren't gentle in pointing out a capital example of just these two things. I don't think that makes them bullies or bad people, nor do I guess they even considered the human behind the works nor hardly the work itself: my _guess,_ and indeed, everyone is guessing here, is that they were making a crack on the idea of replacer, as justly emblematic of what Node is renowned for. And although I think one would be a fool to become so polarized in view as these people showed themselves to be, I would much rather we have open channels where such conduct is permitted, where we can be a little low brow, boorish or lively, and express our ruffian selves: I'd rather have a wildness. I prefer tolerance and resilience. I loath the intolerance that says we must sterilize and purify and be of good behavior, must watch ourselves constantly. Harthur talks about feeling like her identity has been injured, wounded forever. Yet here we are condemning and slining insults, armed with the zeal she has given us. Here we are, enacting new moral codes, legislating terms where nothing but support and good manners towards one another will be accepted. She felt that she had not been tolerated, not encouraged, yet the response is to mandate intolerance of another behavior, yes a boorish one, but regardless, just another tripline for ourselves to unintentionally trip over. Let's instead seek discourse- which she did- and failing that, tolerance. Let's not go troll hunting, lest we lay too onerous a minefield for any man to hazard. A girl got caught in the crossfire of polarized communities. She cried. Everyone felt bad, many got indignant and decried other people and other communities for their action or contact with the affair. The internet got more uptight about itself. That, to me, is the absolute losingest situation imaginable, and I'd handily pass out yellow cards to 80% of this topic as contributors towards winding ourselves up, of taking ourselves too seriously, of ascribing way too much levity to an event that was tiny in size, and which we have not been given a codex to understand- it remains a context free situation, one we merely make projections about, without knowing what the real intent was, we just know people tweeted, for whatever reason, because something struck them, and they created, made and shared new content about their experiences. They shared. I don't understand, they haven't explained, I don't think I'd like it even if they did explain it better, but these were people keeping themselves amused, first and foremost. That that would be subject to so much scrutiny, the cause of injury, is itself the most tragic here. We need to be tolerant, and find good, not focus on censoring bad or fretting about our identities, as first Heather did, and now the three authors are likely doing. Sorry for labeling your writing as tosser like, not cool of me. I feel like ascribing intent to what happened is an impossibility, and even with bad intent I'm still very uneasy with censoring, with mandatory good behavior. I beg for de-escalation. So you ascribe personal, leveled, directed malevolence directly against Heather Arthur and her replacer library to their actions? You don't think it had anything to do with just doing it for kicks, anything to do with how people see Node? If I weren't crying so hard right now I'd think about clapping. Too soon. What are you, a little neckbearded basement dweller? There's probably little ten year olds girls ballerinas that could kick your wimpy ass. Just, heads up, it was a girl that got wrecked on, and your comment is offensively sexist and, disregarding the situation, just generally inappropriately so. I hope Node can keep it's frontier attitude up. Rails and Rake have been very homogenizing boring exercises in top-down fascism. So much of Node's spirit is in tiny modules, in the freedom and ability to hack up and try new things, to always be inventing: it's cost to create are low, the assumed body of knowledge one has to bring into a new project are tiny, the conventions are borderline non existent, and that's all a huge boon for staving off fascist boring mundane dead-end consensus. Keep iterating, stave off the little death, don't become your entrenched patterns. please email tarballs to rektide+anongit@voodoowarez.com if you have code you have no aspirations for but wouldn't mind kicking out into the wild. i will eliminate author headers from the code and seed over p2p and make available. thank you for any sympathy you might have towards this request to let us syndicate your work. a wire protocol for named context patches: you'd do better not writing your own wire serialization format, and instead adopting an existing transport: websockets, stomp, and MQTT all strike me as sufficiently stupid simple & end to end enough, or anything from thrift to zmq to flume for transport would be slightly more inter-linkable than your "length/json-payload" ad-hocracy. it's JS but you might enjoy node-webworker, which uses websockets to implement inter-Node.js message passing: your specific case is debugger being an outbound messaging port, emitting context programmatically. The article immediately dives into what promises actually are, and you've done excellently at summarizing possible benefits from the examples listed. I would advise most strongly against this exercise in extrapolation: it is not a productive tasks to introduce a new technology via use cases without establishing some grounds for what the technology's role is. You've attempted to define, after reading, what that role is, and that to me bespeaks a horrible exercise that will draw bad results, and it speaks to a poor likely fruitless introduction for people who don't already know. The net is this: a promise is a value you have, can pass around, can chain more promisary stages of computation on to, or combine with other promises that describes something of the future. You have a symbol for the future that you can continue to operate on. That is the value of promises: it's just an object. There are no other JS constructs we have for a first-class future: the promise is the sum of taking as much away from asynchronous as we can, for boiling the asynchronous future down into a mundane, primitive value. It's surpassing notability is that a promise is just an object, unlike everything else we have for reasoning about the future. In callback style, one has to know ahead of time what one is doing in the future and have a function fully specified to deal with that. I see promises are fairly close to event style programming using only .once handlers, but the libraries for promises also focus on tasks like combining promises (Q.all, Q.allResolved) and there is chainability and error handling inbuilt: these sum to making Promises far easier to use in practice than I have events. There's an extreme amount of magic going under the hood when you do this- from http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/vstudio/hh156528.asp... : | "An await expression does not block the thread on which it is executing. Instead, it causes the compiler to sign up the rest of the async method as a continuation on the awaited task. Control then returns to the caller of the async method. When the task completes, it invokes its continuation, and execution of the async method resumes where it left off." The implementation detail is that your caller's state needs to somehow be re-asserted when the asynchronous wait finishes evaluating- anyone mildly versed in computer hardware knows that to, in most situations (some green threading environments aside) be a very onerous scary intensive thing, speak nothing of the tasks of capturing and storing the continuation, which likely is fairly deep in a call stack somewhere. It's great magic, it's certainly putting a lot of magic programmers like to use at their fingertips. But be advised that it is somewhat scary, handing out magic wands like candy to newcomers and telling them it's OK and good. Your casual ambivalence for #1 makes me think you don't appreciate the greatest value of promises: that they are values, objects. Returning control to the caller is half the story. Along with returning control- which indeed is what is happening, no illusion, if the promise is triggering a non-blocking routine- the promise itself is returned: that object is what makes promises great. We have no other object for an execution or process in JavaScript: a promise, the value it returns, is an object. Objects can be used and talked about inside JS. If there is no object, there's nothing to compute about. A promise is a first class execution that we can compute about. Indenting is a symptom of having to write code structurally, having to tightly couple call side with it's handler. Promises break that structural linkage: we have the only thing in JS that matters, an object, a first class plain old object, that we can reason with and perform operations on as if it were any other object. It happens to be an object about a future which will one day resolve, but it's just an object. And because it's an object that can, after it's inception, have handlers added to it, we break the necessary structural linkage that callbacks mandate: we can make callbacks latter, we can condition what callbacks to attach, we can compose or chain more promises after our first promise and put our handler on that... we have a first class thing to work with, not just a function, which expects a fully-readied handler. It defers the need to define handling. Read more of my comments to get a better sense of why A) I adore promises B) I feel this article is injurous to the case for promises. Promises make a handy wrapper for any kind of value-in-the-future, be that the mundane case of invoking non-blocking functions with callbacks, in the case of getting values from remote remote systems ( https://github.com/kriskowal/q-connection ), and, I dare say, if we had coroutines, they'd make a great first-class object for pulling result values out of them too. A promise is agnostic to your concern. Thanks for writing. I'd fallen out of the .NET world before Async/Await arrived, but were someone to put some under-the-hood-monkeying around-with-it docs under my nose, I'd love to brush up. I seem to have osmosed that there is some compiler transforming going on, but I've not been exposed to ways to monkey around, did not know there was more than a use-only black box: would be lovely to get an engine-bay tour. Have you any recommendations? These two points seem to tack closely to the original article. They're certainly important characteristics about promises, but the fact that the promise is an object for the future, and can be composed and their exception handling can be composed, speaks to me of greatness. These things you mention are technical bullet points emphasizing components of that greater greatness. Ansible has various connection modes between the client and the server. SSH is the default, but the stock release also including a "fireball" transport that uses a ZeroMQ daemon to dispatch incoming command requests. I for one have no reason why randomdrake is requesting such extensive pedantry: I thought your API does a wonderful job of speaking for itself, and adding more ceremony to talk about it would only have gotten in my way. Edit: I totally see the value of the "hack it out yourself" flow he discusses though, and agree that making people do it themselves would be a more likely to be useful learning experience. Systemd has socket activation, where it opens sockets and passes them to applications. But the maintainers seem to have sub-zero interest in passing said listening sockets to multiple applications, which I'm sorry to see not be available. I'm thankful for this article, because it discusses Supervisord and Circus's willingness to do some pooled program handling. From the article: And that was Turntable’s fatal flaw ... the additional effort involved in using the service. HAHA. Um, no. I use it while biking, while driving. You can join a channel and leave it at that. Turntable isn't going anywhere because the social network designed to support it, the DJ's that were supposed to be showing up, injecting new life, have failed to deliver what was needed: interesting music selections that met diverse genre tastes. Which, from an entirely different much larger societal dimension does fit with nirandfar's synopsis: it wasn't that individual users were overtaxed, it's that the service relies on it's social network to be keeping it fresh, yet the service was unable to promote sufficient diversity and to keep injecting different and better enough tunes to keep people coming back. I'm largely back to smaller shoutcast stations these days, but I probably do a day and a half a week on average of Turntable.fm listening. The DJ'ing, imo, has gotten fairly routine, tends to hug some staple pop favorites, which can sometimes be mitigated with judicious channel flipping, and some times just feels terminal. Skrillex is more like a ghost that hangs around keeping the corpse shambling. That said, serving well a pop music base is probably what drove away the cultured, eclectic sound seekers. There ain't much for nuance in the top channel listings. That that said, the long tail still sometimes has some amazing yet small rooms, for those who don't mind the exploratory deep diving. p.s. come disrupt our business: with nearly no hardware, no costs, and no maintence burden you too can pass OMG huge amounts of message traffic. this is one bold as fuck post. I'm very sympathetic to your tech-on-tech-on-tech-on-tech hogwashery promulgated by open sourcers & vendors prosteltyzing their wonderful solutions and the other acculturation factors that permits developers approaches other than trying & seeing & exploring- That said, you are wrong. I'm not a Go user and I don't care for it, but Go is fundamentally different and better than most runtimes. Go has it's own green threading, which allows it to start new tasks using extremely small amounts of memory, and it can switch between tasks without the normal cost of context switching full on threads. That is a huge difference. Node has some elements in play here, with it's event loop and callbacks, but really the only thing in the field that compares to Go that's in use is Erlang, and there's no frameworking on top of Erlang that wouldn't cause most PHP or nine tenths the Python developers to curl into a weeping ball at the Eldritch horrors they'd been exposed to: even ASM code is not nearly so effective, being clearly a low level somewhat harmless thing. Being able to kick off small processes, that can sit around for a really long time, awaiting data- that's a model of computation we haven't done in decades, never with the mass popularity- there's a TLA for this kind of processing- Communication Sequential Processes, and Go is it. It's entirely different from the procedural model, from the Python and Perl and PHP scripting, where concurrency is a carefully waded into thing- Go is a concurrent first runtime, about ongoing, enduring, concurrent processes, and that's huge, HUGE I say, huge. One could adopt some kind of event-based system in scala or clojure, but Erlang and Go are alike in being the lone runtimes where running millions and millions of very small messaging processes is AOK no problem for the runtime, and not something one has to work really hard for. Fun and joy are terms applicable here because the alternative is Erlang. Zing! Go is rather ideal for these guys use case: if it wasn't an easy win, given what a snug fit their use case is, there would've had to have been red flags abound, as this really is a nearly idealized work load for Go's use: a hell of a lot of processes which sit around doing nothing, where one occasionally gets a message and forwards it along. Perfect Go story, as Go's lightweight processes (goroutines) are ideal for this kind of Communicating Sequential Processes routing workload. I agree with the analysis here. I find usually getting more afraid, more terrorized by how crappy oneself is, looking at the prospect of never doing anything and facing absolute oblivion is the ticket to buckling under and furiously kicking out the next couple blocks of work. Then one gets complacent enough to go back to arm chair coaching and prognosticating and futzing about thinking about rather than doing the future and the cycle starts over again. 50m msg/s is super happy making times, I agree. I'd love some absurd number counting on Go's front, but Go is entirely not a word which one can get anything useful out of from Google, so fuck whomever picked that awful name & cursed their language to being unindexed in any useful way. What happened to great names like Newsqueak? :/ Anyways! I do have a couple things to point out: First: "JVM settings: -server -XX:+UseNUMA -XX:+UseCondCardMark -XX:-UseBiasedLocking -Xms1024M -Xmx2048M -Xss1M -XX:MaxPermSize=128m -XX:+UseParallelGC" Second: "The test was run with 96 actors" I am massively a fan of actors, I hound for good interesting Akka use cases being talked about. I'd also suggest digging into Kilim if one really wants to go batshit crazy in JVM world. But Akka actors are not alike what Go does- Akka went crazy fast at tossing messages around with a 2:1 oversubscription of Actors:Cores (50m msg/s was on a 48 core machine, with 96 actors), but this is a highly qualified situation- first it was done with some very well chosen black magic command line spices, and second, more importantly, it was done with a very limited number of actors, something short of the millions of tens of millions Go or Erlang might be ok with while still being stupidly fantastically high-message rate. I don't have any idea about Goroutines, but in Erlang the time sharing is mad- lightweight processes can be interrupted all over the place, allowing messages to flow in extremely robust & reliable fashions even when all the millions of processes on the system are going ape demanding CPU right now. I have great respect for the JVM actor crew, for Akka, but read the post mentioned by & preceding the one you linked to- Akka tapped Java concurrency supreme guru Doug Lea to come in and build them an executor engine to make Akka run fast, real fast. And it does, phenomenally well, and you can reap that too, with nearly no real thinking about it cost- but if your parameters deviate too heavily, if you happen outside the bounds of this carefully set up JVM environment, who knows. What happens to your message rate when you start trying to use CPU too? What happens to the message rate when you have a million actors? Erlang, and so I've been told about Go, is, by nature, AOK with keeping millions upon millions of lightweight processes floating about passing each other messages over channels, and is not some masterfully reworked engine (the JVM) when running in those kinds of configurations. That said, although Erlang & Go are the natively friendly to having massively concurrent systems and I still charge the JVM as not being up front designed for it, it's clearly capable. At scale it's not how fast or how good your runtime is- once you are in the runnings. For most people Akka will work great. If we were to say there's a 30% difference in msgs/s between Java and Go for X situation, if your company is make or break on that difference, your product is broke. Fix it. Learn how to scale out. Find what your development sweet spot is, what makes your workers happiest- be it Akka or Go or Kilim or Erlang or managing your own Node scale out- and dev to that. The runtime is drastially less relevant than how you get many runtimes working together to tackle the problem. And Akka here has some great answers, as does Erlang. Go, otoh, I haven't heard anything interesting out of. Node has some interesting stories, available options, but it's far from ready-to-roll out and no one has open sourced anything that threatens to gain serious traction. It's how I feel, I'm so very very sorry it's tripped your acceptable tolerance levels. I'll bite my lip and not add "you prat" to the end. Thanks for your considered moderation, and I see your point. "Also, it doesnt have things like global interpreter locks." is basically the only thing you said that is anything alike what I'm asserting. And it demonstrates a knowledge of a thing I contrasted Go against, without demonstrating knowledge of what Go is & why it is different. Further let me add that I don't think "clear start/APIs/framework" captures the essence at all; there is something deeper than framing and end users here- there is something deep in the bowels that is using the machine dislike how all else do, and that is sorcery that is deeply important. Per your queueing, I'll toss in the Elixer chip- http://elixir-lang.org/ - it's a rather rote, boring, routine language that we all can be semi familiar with, with some aberrations carried over - pattern matched dispatch is still there, for example, making people wonder wtc. The web-page highlights it's advancements, it's "features," which is mildly amusing to me in that the biggest draw is that it's an Erlang that feels familiar to us Algol-derived unwashed/don't-know-anything-but hordes. Kind of as a foil to that normality, it's similarly remarkable to me that the Prolog asserted-messages/facts & reactive processing cycle of Erlang isn't itself better captured and shown off. It's kind of a middle stage introductory tutorial, after you've made it threw guarded dispatches, yet by itself I think it'd make a great "start with the hard stuff" intro-tutorial to Erlang, and I haven't really seen it presented independently, firstly. Are they also in Haskell as in Erlang pre-emptable by the runtime? There's certainly some cost in this design decision, more context that has to be swapped in and out and more state kept, but it's important capability to allow blind design & use- think Node, where everyone has to keep re-iterating how important it is to keep yielding to the event loop, to not do a lot of CPU work in a handler: irrelevant in Erlang world- in spite of the threading model not being OS threads, Erlang is happy to drop your lightweight thread on the fly when it sees fit. Hire more server huggers, make extra sure das-blinkenlights stay blinking, buying a second backup generator. And- obviously enough- off site redundancy; multiple data centers. Which they talk about the difficulty of: 10Gbps pipes between DCs is not a lot compared to write throughput of a single computer's main memory, much less a DC's. For some compressible checkpoint logs there might be a way forward. Perhaps we need a new *-cast technology: after any-cast we'll all be needing n-cast, which sends our traffic to the n-nearest DC's? :) From recent coverage of Open Compute on /.: RAM Sled: Facebook wants to replace the leaves and run it on a RAM sled with between 128 GB and 512 GB of memory, and for $500 to $700 per sled. Only a basic CPU would be needed. Total queries would be 450,000 to 1 million key queries per second. http://slashdot.org/topic/datacenter/how-facebook-will-power... Not really any way to know what Facebook is up to here: 512 GB is normally done via 4 sockets, 4 channels, 2 dimms per channel, 16GB dimms; whether FB intends on disrupting any of the factors in this equation for getting mass memory on a single system will be interesting to see. It has been rather shocking to me that FB-DIMMS & other approaches which allow a lot of RAM to be chained to one another- really deep channels- hasn't seen any widescale success. RAM is cheap enough: would that we could plug in a lot of it. Dare I call into question what you are here for? How do you feel about your contribution- attempting to heap more shame- plays for the whole audience? Is what you are doing of value? Go's standard lib is built around it's communications and concurrency primitives. Sure one can extend other languages with new capabilities to take them into Go's realm, but that implies a movement away from stock standard core, whereas Go users, at their core, share a common massively concurrent message passing beast of a runtime and a concurrency friendly standard library that they are all unified behind. One will never mobilize behind a concurrent library in the kind of ways doing it up front will accomplish. Go has a large community of practitioners all writing massively concurrent code. That is huge and has never been done before. But let's go look at patterning: look at Node: everything is hinged around re-using Node's core patterns, callbacks and every now and then slower events. There is promises work abound, but it's not used heavily: indeed it'd be hard to, with intermodule work, because A) it's not the standard lib B) nor are promises standardized. People seem to prefer something I loath- the horrible Async library- which gives them a bunch of composition tools to make worse the awful awful crime that is callbacks: because callbacks are what Node is, people pick up tools to do it more, to a further extreme, rather than going to the foundation & reshaping the landscape. (PS: Callbacks are A) awful B) actually & entirely the right decision.) I was reasonably seriously into Perl, but I don't know what perl CSP style library you seem to be alluding to that A) you seem to indicate people used & B) got on par with Go 10 years ago. But I'm interested to hear of it! "if you know CSP you can write it in any language" If you don't know CSP you still have no choice but to write it in Go: that the core unity I've been trying to describe, something the entire standard library is built around, like callbacks in Node. I don't see that you've added anything to your case for other languages in this recent reply: I think this excerpt captures well how your line of thought remains focused on what is possible, while ignoring my core arguments that it's all about the prime interface of the Turing machine before one, not what they set up for themselves on the machine. "In languages like JavaScript, Perl, Tcl, you can even make it look like it was already part of the language," And newcomers may be able to immitate/cargo-cult your styling blindly without straying too far off the gods-sworn path if they are really lucky! But rather than risk it, making a language CSP first would, IMO, be a clearer way to keep unity. I really don't care what can be done with a Turing complete machine: I care what use of that machine looks like to the important audience: it's practitioners, all of them, practiced and experienced, and those with other backgrounds and seeking only practical results. Go has created an entire language all of whose practitioners trade in CSP. I'm happy to de-rate from a language to a massively successful widely known active (let's say +30k active developers) shared and intercompatible practice of doing CSP (libraries or what not). Until I hear that challenged, my argument about Go being fundamentally different for having a runtime and standard lib based around CSP stands untouched, unless you have something specific there to contend. Seeing a Haskell project on github ( https://github.com/frio/ifrit ) that sounds similar under your handle- post the Elixir one! Would love to see some Elixir code in such great project area, whatever the state!! The cost of starting a high quality food truck ranges from approximately $50,000 to $150,000 or more, and the process takes several months. The biggest cost is the truck itself. Bobby’s family bought their truck used for $37,000. As the first wave is joined by a second, and now third wave of food trucks in my area- a fast two year growth- I am now super excited to see many of these businesses go under- with hopes that those trucks can then be picked up by the next crew who think they have a good idea. There's a lot of +100k$ trucks around, I'm looking to see a lot of them again- just, reincarnated as new businesses. frio is not op No one would call crayons and comic books bullshit, because they are artistic mediums where the expression can stand by itself, has the intrinsic value of being expressive. Yet in CS there are very smart people such as Alan Kay and the Constructivist types such as former-OLPC now-Sugar, all screaming about how we're learning brain-dead languages on machines doing their worst to make it impossible to become useful and literate without a ten year breaking in period until we become journeymen codesmiths. These machines & languages are not trying to help all of us become fluent about what it is that is running: they are there so that those who already know the language and the program can continue advancing it, until it's shippable, at which time it will execute: when we say learn to program, more often than not we mean learn to fit yourself in to that production cycle. I'm not trying to argue one way or another about the learning to code merits, but it's important not to think of coding as this completed worthwhile thing in the way we do it! OP is an example of systems research to allow us to create agency in systems: that is programming, coding of behaviors, and one who gets good at it has gained a coding literacy. Ditto for spreadsheet wizards! My point is that we are free to build entirely new forms of literacy both akin and unlike the programming languages we have now, and that the one's we have now are arbitrary. And, judging purely from the size of assumed knowledge passable programmers rely on, I'd contend, as do others, we'd do a lot better at making a literate society with different languages and forms, more tailored to introspection and mirroring their behaviors than towards producing a running application artifact: if we want people to learn systems, make the systems be more about being learnable and meddle-able than about being execution engines. It's our agency we need to see reflected, and IFTTT and OP are great examples of coding where seeing our agency at work at the end is far more of a direct path: it is radically different than how programming today works, in a good, different and fundamentally very important way. In leaving, I'll point to a perspective on these better machines: these are machines that build agency by way of using APIs of other machines. I'm convinced that machine to machine interface is the key to making programming not suck, not a drain for this planet, for those who would be composers of code. rektide's gentle suggestion- machine to machine systems interfacing is the way to beget human/machine interface. And newcomers may be able to immitate/cargo-cult your styling blindly without straying too far off the gods-sworn path if they are really lucky! I guess they should count themselves lucky if they know what an API is at all. C'mon this is a 101-level topic. You can't expect everyone to suddenly forget how to use an API (with or without native syntax) just because it's for concurrency... or do you? Taking perl as an example, they probably know how perl does file i/o. Yet if we're switching to a concurrent system, the entire practice they have of doing file i/o needs to be re-grokked. Your proposal, that learning an API is all it takes to master a form of concurrency, is a fucking joke sir. Concurrency is greater than proceduralism, it shapes the systems of code whereas writing code and hitting apis is a lower order operation: shaping code. As for Coro, it doesn't matter how many people use it, you can write the exact same things you would write in Go and it will work in the exact same way. It's not cargo-culting, it's writing CSP, which you still have to actually write CSP in Go if that's what you want, and it's perfectly possible not to. And how many CPAN modules can I download which I won't have to hand wrap in Coro? How many modules will expose coro based concurrency patterns? I don't know about you, but most of my work is not writing code: it's using code. You miss this essential fact again and again. What is possible is entirely not at all my interest here. I am interested in the practice of writing code. My sole contention against you is that the availability of libraries is irrelevant, an my basis for this point is that I agree with: The runtime distinction isn't very important either, [[snip]] Thank you for repeating what I said last time in a dumbed down way. I continue to agree we have Turing complete runtimes: we can do anything. Yes, the runtime distinction is largely unimportant (although performance, natch). Adoption is. Availability of code is. Having other practitioners is important. in fact when I hear "runtime" I ask "why not library?" Indeed, you've done it three times now! And every time you've gotten a response that agrees with your conjecture that it might be possible! So why are you still making this same uncontested assertion! So maybe you need to find something else to do, other than to re-describe how possible libraries make it to be Go-like or otherwise concurrent, because- with some niggling performance issues- there's been naught but agreement, and you've avoided clashing every time with my fundamental point that Go has a practicing community with some many thousands of libraries written for it, and the libraries you are talking about don't, and using your libraries will create a schizm between you and the other practioners of the parent language and the modules written for it, and Go users have no impedance when working with one another w/r/t their concurrent systems. Some things are impossible in libraries but CSP is not among them, so I'm still asking "why not a library?" FFS I ended my last post with a Turing equivalency argument that could not have been more explicit about agreeing with you. It's not about what is possible, unless you are a god and live forever and don't mind doing it all yourself. If that's in fact the case, fuck you, I'll see your ass at the fucking fields of Ragnarok. Now get off my lawn or start saying something you haven't that might be useful. The scheduler, probably the most interesting part, can always be implemented as a library. Yes, Turing completeness. Good and acceptable performant? Meh, maybe, often actually, sure. I really could care less: I think you are so very far off in the weeds trying to discuss this, as what can be done is the most irrelevant topic when dealing with Turing machines, aka programming languages. Can you say anything particular to Go's runtime that makes it so special? I can't think of a single thing. The scheduler itself is about as boring as it gets. Not that there's anything wrong with that—it's not a difficult subject after all. You are a masterful troll sir. The runtime itself is not novel. The important thing I highlighted from the beginning about Go is that its standard library is written for a distinct communications oriented set of concurrency primitivies, and thus all uses of the language flow from this reference library's standard, and that creates an interesting practicing community of people all using the same communications oriented concurrency constructs. Thanks for making me spell out the value again, I hope I'm clearer this time. As for the popularity contest goes, we might as well be talking about an iteration protocol. There are many different ones but you'd rarely notice it. The most commonly used ones are relatively less-than-great. You can always use a for-loop like you can always write a coroutine or time slicer in the worst case scenario. It works, and very well. ??? The other thing is CSP. Up to now, I wasn't worried about the concurrency model in particular, but now you're saying we can't use actors, agents, etc.—it must be CSP. That's BS. CSP is nice when you have to build it yourself, but it's not all there is and it's no easier to reason about than other good options. In fact I would mostly only chose it when I had to build it myself or support for something else wasn't available, which is understandably common. Really though, this sounds like a deceitful way to rule out Erlang and friends. Please cite where I went hardline and demanded CSP as the only acceptable communications/concurrency primitive I'll amend that such that your argument here is thoroughly unnecessary- I certainly don't see myself as opposing what you are saying, but you didn't actually tell me what the clash was that arose this contention- all you said was "The other thing is CSP. Up to now,"- and that doesn't actually inform me about what changed your mind, & made you think I was hardlining for any specific thing; so, I'm not sure how to clarify and reinforce my agreement with you, and my willingness to embrace any practioner's use of good solid helpful concurrency construct, be it of the communications variety (which I do myself enjoy, as concurrency in my artisan's mind is modeled as non-locality) or otherwise. It's like this- Concurrency is the root of all code construction, at a more meta- level than writing code. Layering it in with libraries is feasible, but you've already imposed some structure from the code, then you're adding on top of that structure an underlying structure, and that's... well... that's something Go avoided doing. File API + node.js filesystem shim + node-git. It's been a weekend project somewhere on my todo list for a year, and it'd work just fine as a impl, and requires naught but working some glue into the cracks between these already made pieces. That said, support away, would love to see Tim get this initiative kickstarted & see what solid work he kicks out. 0. is a solved problem: this Kickstarter is for a library, not an application. There are already native libraries for git, so go ahead and go crazy and get busy developing, via libgit2, egit, ngit, objective-git, or any of the others. You come off as tyrannically dogmatic without having any real use case- you're poo poo'ing a web platform without any expressed reason for wanting a native stuff aside from it being native. -1. (And, humor, the native stuff exists.) From the Coro intro docs- Using only ready, cede and schedule to synchronise threads is difficult, Coro supports a number of primitives to help synchronising threads in easier ways. Coro adds threading to Perl but falls short of being a concurrency practice- it's tooling for doing concurrency. Go establishes two fundamental primitives, goroutines and channels, and gets rid of old-worn notions of threads. This isn't a novel runtime, because it's been done- in Newsqueak, just to name one- but the entire platform built from the ground up to be mobilized around not giving you the tools to find your own concurrency solutions, but to have a deliberated answer to all concurrency problems, a masthead banner saying "THIS IS THE ANSWER" is the differentiation and novelness I'm ascribing to Go. That approach, over our discussion, I've come to realize is more characteristic of the standard library of Go than it is the runtime. That said, you're holding my feet awfully cruelly to the fire and I take issue with you using this newly gained outlook in such a mean-spirited and cruel fashion to stab at me. Talking with you is incredibly frustrating as you toss away my points with a single dismissing wave and do not cite material things; you pick tiny little fragments to quip at as springboards to launch into whatever you wanted to start talking anyways. As I said before, masterful trolling, it's very hard to hold a conversation with you. I'd beg of you to yield, because otherwise we might indeed find ourselves on the field of Ragnarok, at that end that never comes after all infinity. You also seem very ill informed about Coro- which you champion- Fortunately, the IO::AIO module on CPAN allows you to move these I/O calls into the background, letting you do useful work in the foreground So, no, _You do IO in the regular way and the scheduler is automatically invoked_ is a bullshit claim; this has all the weaknesses of Node.js's event loop, and the need to write small things that yield, or here in Coro world, cede, regularly. And if you use a CPAN module that does block, you are toast, making this fundamentally incompatible with everything else ever done in Perl in a very serious way. a simple module that implemented a specific form of first class continuations called Coroutines. These basically allow you to capture the current point execution and jump to another point is in no way a parallel to the runtime of Go because the stdlib of perl is not meant to operate in a non-blocking way, and Go is. That, I think, is safe to say. Please no offense, but I don't give a rat what your background is- is that relevant? I'd consider if so! This feels like an interrogration-first line of questioning, and I'm trying to help us work out what's going on, and help us find relevant facts to begin to justify your line of inquiry. How many kids learning to program on the X or Y website do you expect will miss the 0.3ms extra it took for the site's offline capable web-ide to work? What harm, what badness is there to doing this on the web, and why would you call out a JS implementation up front as negative? That's really it- I still don't see you having any legitimate grievance besides whatever insane use case you have in mind for yourself and yourself alone needing 4GB crazy town git repos (you, linux, and chrome may indeed have problems). I just don't think that kind of extreme performance concern is where every single project ought start- some other well known programmers and I know it's better to not worry too greatly about performance until you have the problem in the first place. Focus on what can be done first, what good can be created, and then refine that good; don't nip good in the bud because down the road it won't do Y: that's premature man, and not constructive. Can we agree that JS projects like Three.js provide a lot of value, have allowed a lot of cool things to get built that people might not otherwise have made, that at least as importantly many of people might not have seen? Are they slower? Maybe, yeah, probably. My suggested reading here is Steve Wittens, writing about WebGL- there's a niche served, and allow that niche to enrich itself was more or less the take away for me, even though dieties and demigods like @id_aa_carmack might not have immediate use- http://acko.net/blog/on-webgl/ Kinda felt like you ran in here and farted on our rainbows, to twist around your metaphor. The only concern you've stated is performance- let's pretend for a second that it's ok that you're calling it into question before we have any guestimates much less estimates for what performance is going to be- what's your estimate? For 98% of the projects on Git, do you think the performance of a JS git impl is going to be sufficiently fast as to not be problematic? Will it even be a noticeable factor, the speed, compared to cmd line git tools? If those users are happy and feel served, is that ok? Do you have concerns other than performance that I ought take into consideration when considering your expressed concern about this being a JavaScript library? Hi MP- https://github.com/christkv/node-git is the node-git I had in mind: it's a native (js native) impl modeled strongly after the Grit library used heavily by a little company called Github, and I believe it's in pretty OK state although my first hand experience hasn't made it past the touring stages. Sorry for the confusion! I knew Tim had a node-git as well, but I didn't know it relied on the binary or other native type stuff (such as a a library binding), so I didn't think the naming collision I let happen would cause any confusion. Is there anything else I'm missing in my equation? Oh you've used it! Well, I take back all the other points I said! And the documentation from Coro that I cited explaining how it works, how it requires different I/O patterns, and that it's just a GOTO that doesn't do anything about synchronous long running code problems one might have when trying to interface with the rest of Perl! You're message is read loud and clear, I get where you are coming from now! _it's just a GOTO that doesn't do anything about synchronous long running code problems_ _how do you think Go's concurrency actually works under the hood? It works the same way—and has the same problem you describe._ I think Go, in most uses, makes use of a thread pool to decouple it's green threads from the OS threads such that a single busy green thread does not seize up the rest of the runtime, and I think Go manages the assignment of green to OS threads in a way that is hands off for the programmer and by default. I also think one gets a runtime in Go where I/O is multiplexed on an event loop, such that most common syscalls a Perl program might make don't hold up execution, and are instead handled in a non-blocking way by default. Please let me know what else I can clarify so that we can find agreement. They could flip a switch tonight and tell you you've got 128 cores. That doesn't mean those cores are going to do you any good. Linode is the only VPS I've seen that gives a gross number of cores to everyone. Instead of allocating a cpu count correlated somewhere along side plan-tiering, they just give everyone a lot of CPUs (8), and then they use tiers to determine priority, who gets to actually use those cores. An entry level plan has 1/16th the CPU priority of a top tier user, and pays 1/16th as much and has 1/16th as much ram. If you're not RAM bound, for a somewhat loaded system you'll see slightly better than linear scaling (since you aren't paying as many context swaps) as you move up in tiers. I think it's a really bad policy to give entry level users scheduling on so many cores: their workloads will never stick on a local cache! Their jobs are going to be bouncing around the system getting evicted from everywhere and bouncing to the next place where they can trash it's cache next. This is a marketing gimmick, a "our number is higher" trick, played on people like you jedbblue! Some time in the past: the Pentium IV netburst core was going to hit 4GHz, then 5GHz. The mhz wars were on, mhz sold, they were what people saw, first and foremost, and it's more the fact that the insanely-deeply-pipelined core didn't even scale that scrapped the idea than people wizening up. I'm not sure if Linode's scheme here is as bad as all that, but it seems unnatural to me, and I certainly would not consider 8 cores to be a boon in this circumstance. Edit- this does change things a good bit! A quote from elsewhere in this thread I was not aware of- We limit the number of Linodes placed on each host machine. We also only place one plan type on each host. In the worst-case scenario, you're splitting CPU time evenly with your fellow Linoders, but are still able to use the full potential of the host if others are idle. This is a little different circumstance than what I'd guessed at above as you're not going to be outclassed by higher tiers, you just have to play with peers, and pay to have less of them. Just yesterday our workplace gained an interest in setting up Gitlab- can we still use our existing Gitolite install, or do we now have to migrate to Gitlab-shell? We've been extremely happy with gitolite, and I do not see us moving off of that software. Welp, there goes an obvious good thing we had high hopes would help enrich our infrastructure! Monday is going to be a very depressing day in the office for everyone: we're going to have to go to cgit or some such, and there'll probably be screaming and crying and whaling and self flagellation over that one. Ya'll should provide an easy to use configuration for using gitlab as a RO mirror of any arbitrary git repository. Hope you have a lot of great new things in the pipe that gitlab-shell is providing. If configuration was the problem, why not try and scrape gitolite's configuration directly and run gitlab from that? There's certainly another acceptable path- the one you took, creating your own repo server- but I have a hard time qualifying this- as this press release does- as a feature: it's a migration, a lateral jump: there's nothing new that happens, nothing better, it's just a different configuration routine to do what Gitlab and Gitosis. I wont be suckered by such suavity, but there's a lot of people who would be more enticed by "new super configurable way better than gitolite repo server" as a sales pitch that probably were happy enough running Gitlabs at it used to run that don't really see this as a feature, as they were already on top of it. When releasing features, put the featureful ones foremost. Gitolite- the old git repo for gitlab- is a cherished joy around here; we love it, it's both easy to use & has mad useful features. qa* users can commit to qa* branches? Sure, np. I have a hard time sympathizing with Gitolite being removed for it's complexity. GitLab switching to their own stuff to make their side of the equation easier, to make their software less complex to write and configure, otoh might be a thing. I'd just need nominated yesterday to start trying to install it alongside Gitolite! I wonder if they made a crack at being able to read and parse gitolite.conf files and use those configs to power gitlab? That would've been a happier path for me personally for smoothing out gitlab configuration hell, more so than writing a new repo server that we're not likely to qualify & then adopt, not when Gitolite is our living beating heart. Would that AngularJS be able to produce a sequence diagram of it's data-bindings in action! I wrote a little bit about how the RGB AngularJS fiddle is near enough to a complete tool to introduce a newbie to web development, aside from the fact that you cannot see what AngularJS is doing in action. My ask was for a tool like Bustle for DBus, which generates sequence diagrams, showing what happened. AngularJS & other data-bound systems ought also have this output! Bustle: http://www.willthompson.co.uk/bustle/ AngularJS tooling ask: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/YwKKVXAM... Great project thebramp. :) I know more people would would be content to manage ESX with ovftool or some homebrew solution w/ the soap api I for one am not content relying on someone else to manage all of our management tools. On that grounds, love hearing interesting news about OpenStack, CloudStack, Docker.io, or any project which releases open code purporting to helps us all to manage our many nodes, real and virtual. without usual userspace tools As for the unusual "without usual userspace tools" criteria you added, I literally have no idea what you are talking about. OpenStack is a bunch of code that runs in an OS, there's nothing nearly so magical or different about an OpenStack node as you imply. Do whatever you feel is best for your host nodes. I install Debian packages on the host and manage it with many of the same tools used to manage it's images. It looks very much like the same usual "just a boring usual Linux node" node I log in to. http://wiki.debian.org/OpenStack Ah, VMware is the problem, that is explains it. Parties that care muchly about fine performance margins apparently need to be using Xen or KVM or Illuminos then. I went with a somewhat more ready-made, native way of getting OpenStack- I installed my OS's packages of it. http://wiki.debian.org/OpenStack So, what, now you can virtualize while your virtualize? I thought the point of OpenStack was to be a way to manage VMs, isn't that also much of what Vagrant does? I'd tend to avoid mixing the streams & go for a single node management system rather than attempt two at once- were it me. But I also am not invested in Vagrant, which people are free to enjoy, so if they can happily run both VM managers at once, so be it. Cool, I guess. I would like some clarity on what exactly this hybrid achieves though- what is it's goal? thanks. my proposal was that perhaps there should be a script that can do much of the db configuration based off of what is in a gitolite.conf file. Only feature missing from pre 5.0 is an upgrade path, but that's an important one for us. I wish people would focus less on fast development and more on something that better maintainability 2 years down the road. Hoodie focuses on the data model, not the application logic or UI. If there's one thing I want to be consistent and maintainable and to have a really solid support stack under it- if there's one area I value maintainability and consistency- it's the data layer, which this very much attempts to provide a consistent development experience for. An app built with hoodie I could see as being maintainable- even as you gut the entire stack and drag your rails app to flask, or your php app to java, hoodie has defined only the kinds of objects and patterns of accessing them that you'll reuse in whatever your actual app stack is. Hoodie targets the data, which is the thing. Everything else? Who cares. Here's to maintainable data. Stop asking what existing things you can do with it, Ask away, I'll keep linking http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embarrassingly_parallel DisplayLink is a horror show these days. Their 1xxx chipset was embraced by Linux users and well supported, and it looked like the romance was going to continue- the website and announcement for the newer USB3.0 chipset declared Linux support. However DisplayLink now uses an encrypted signal and has shown nothing but contempt for Linux, declaring that they're not satisfied with the state of affairs and unwilling to do anything to bring support to Linux. Which is a shame, because DMA-PRIME was more or less invented explicitly for DisplayLink's sake, to allow these external displays to be backed by the primary video card and have it's buffers shipped over to the DisplayLink, and DisplayLink packed it's toys, sealed the documentation, and left the party. The USB3.0 product which was launched advertising Linux support has never materialized any support. http://displaylink.org/forum/showthread.php?t=1748&page=... If one is interested in attaching displays these days, I recommend RTFA, and using eDP, embedded displayport. It's built in to monitors, and it'll plug into the badass display protocol of today that nearly all GPU's expose, and often run through PHY's to convert into lesser protocols. Hopefully we see more use of the Aux channel in DisplayPort, for transporting USB or ethernet. And hopefully we see some display controllers for monitors coming out that support daisy chaining, so we can connect multiple displays to a single DisplayPort without a hub. AMD's been shipping even their basic mobile chipsets with ~4 eDP for a while. Alas, laptop manufacturers are all cheap bastards, and only bother bringing one maybe two of these links to external ports. Their discrete mobile GPUs and embedded GPUs still have all six eDP ports as found on their desktop kit. Would that someone step up with a laptop that brought 5 of them out the back! It's a niche feature, but a ragingly awesome niche feature. Imagine a beowulf cluster to... power them. PgOpenCL takes a different approach- instead of a Foreign Data Wrapper (FDW) that exposes tables, it's a language for writing postgres functions in, where the language is just opencl. http://www.slideshare.net/3dmashup/pgopencl Alas, Tim's been talking about this for two years now, and as far as we know he's the only one whose ever seen the code. No joke- Obama threatened a veto on privacy concerns and the senate punted on it- and yet: The government is dead serious about turning every sizable company on the internet into a part of a gross-national cybersecurity infrastrucutre maintainer, and they are not going to quit until the internet has been adequately leashed by the legislative hand. If corporations are people, this is definitely a violation of the 3rd amendment. Look it up, you probably haven't heard of it in the past couple hundred years or so. I have not heard a clear case made for where current laws fall short. The existing Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) has massive teeth that can be sunk into nearly anyone, and it's but one of many laws that can be used against someone. For example, the only reason adservers & their cookie tracking escape is because they fall short of the $5000 minimum damages established in law. One of the main CISPA focuses seems to be upon data-sharing initiatives. Yet I've heard very few examples of where cyber-law hasn't been effective & would have benefited from such federal oversight. The case has been poorly made, so I'm not sure why you're on about objections- objections are a thing that get made once someone has a case, and CISPA seems far more like something the government just wants to do than anything it's tried to justify. There have been several attempts of porting actors to the JVM. Quasar and Pulsar’s main contribution — from which many of their advantages stem — is true lightweight threads[1]. Lightweight threads provide many of the same benefits “regular”, OS threads do, namely a single, simple control flow and the ability to block and wait for some resource to become available while in the meantime allowing other threads to run on the CPU. Unlike regular threads, lightweight threads are not scheduled by the operating system so their context-switch is often faster, and they require far less system resources. As a result, a single machine can handle millions of them. http://blog.paralleluniverse.co/post/49445260575/quasar-puls... Excellent area to contribute to. In 2006-2008 there was Kilim, which uses some code-rewriting to accomplish similar greenthreading on the JVM to support an actor system with extremely lightweight lock-ree message massing. Kilim comfortably scales to handle hundreds of thousands of actors and messages on modest hardware. It is fast as well – task-switching is 1000x faster than Java threads and 60x faster than other lightweight tasking frameworks, and message-passing is 3x faster than Erlang (cur- rently the gold standard for concurrency-oriented programming). from https://github.com/kilim/kilim/raw/master/docs/kilim_ecoop08... Kilim: https://github.com/kilim/kilim Elsewhere in this discussion- Jetlang doesn't offer lightweight-threads. It uses an event-driven processing of messages (like Akka), so fibers can't block and you can't do selective receives. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5646097 Akka relies on operating system threads- when you block in Akka, you block in real life. I've already mentioned Kilim in this discussion- it's a JVM bytecode rewriting framework that implements lightweight greenthreaded & isolated actors. Perhaps their introductory text will be of value for highlighting the value of immutability & it's reciprocal side, isolated messaging- The “Actor” model, espoused by Erlang, Singularity and the Unix process+pipe model, offers an alternative: independent communicating sequential entities that share nothing and communicate by passing messages. Address-space isolation engenders several desirable properties: component- oriented testing, elimination of data races, unification of local and distributed programming models and better optimisation opportunities for compilers and garbage collectors. Finally, data-independence promotes failure-independence an exception in one actor cannot fatally affect another. https://github.com/kilim/kilim/raw/master/docs/kilim_ecoop08... I personally am not a fan of prohibiting people from doing things (blame Larry Wall, "first postmodern computer language"), and prefer making good tools available for those who do naturally seek immutability or purity or transferable ownership messages (Transferables in web messaging) or other optional ways of restricting themselves, but the actor model is pretty serious about isolation and Kilim is true to that perspective. His point about Kilim being a monolithic solution is well taken- getting all three of these right (from both the end-user perspective and transformational perspective) is hard! (i) ultra-lightweight, cooperatively-scheduled threads (actors), (ii) a message-passing frame- work (no shared memory, no locks) and (iii) isolation-aware messaging. There's a stackoverflow thread on continuation libraries for the JVM. There's some coverage of the unnamed coroutine library in in Quasar- http://stackoverflow.com/a/4687050/72070 Thanks for the note swannodette, I'd missed the reference. Ubicomp has been hating on disruption for over a decade. "HAL" describes something specific and has uniqueness to it- seriously dude, pick a name that's something short of "this is the internet," even if it is doing something core such as defining interlinked data in 21c. How's that, Interlinked Json, IJ? Relational Json? Seriously, pick something that's not going to muddy the highest level of namespace we swim in wycats. At least if you're going to dive into the transport layer, pick a capability that hasn't been added and then unceremoniously backed out- https://insouciant.org/tech/status-of-http-pipelining-in-chr... SPDY begins to offer some very appealing alternatives where when sending a document the transport can push all of the individual dependent documents. It really does fix things, begins pushing all the data at once, in a glorious resource-oriented fashion. That said, I would also enjoy a spec that does resource-description of subresources so we can send linked data around without having to have every piece of data be an endpoint. That said, the immediate follow on question arises- now that we're sending sub-resources, can we get the most important agent to understand and grok our sub-resources- can the browser follow our subresourcing and those subresources to their canonical URLs, and serve those subresources if it's seen them inside another document? There are two questions- first, is your spec good enough to enable that facility where addressing can be well known- here, in this Json Resource Description spec presented yes, via URI templates, very good- and second, does the browser bother to inspect the JSON it sees? No? Well, I'm not super bothered by this academic interest not being materialized, knowing at least in principle the specs make it possible. S-exps are "just" data structures, so that you are reading s-exps when you see other data-structures presented is no surprise. This is easy to identify: nearly all json is just atoms thought- very few json definitions encode any kind of machine-works or program-code. So, to put it another way: it amazes you how all Lisp looks like data structures. And hopefully I've helped let you know why you are so amazed here, thanks for reading. "decrying the anathema of" then, you oldschooler not-at-all-hipster you In this set up: I'm using Debian right now (to run Chrome), that's a mode. I'm using Xen right now (to run Debian), that's a mode. And yes, these are captive, modal systems. But from a UI point we have to take some strata as granted, as operating system level. Yes, perhaps Debian is a modal interface, whether it's hosting Xorg or Mir or Wayland or KMSCon or ssh sessions. But these are host environments for the proper interface, and so is gdm or slim or lightdm running my X session, and so is openbox or kde or gnome-shell or awesome running my wm, and so is chrome running my browser. These are all concatenative contexts providing strata for the application. They are modal systems, but notably every one of them exists to provide an amodal system for the host of services running underneath it. Amodality still has to derive functionality from some greater level, so the distinction I think your not encompassing is one of composition versus aggregation. In composition something owns and dictates the interface. In aggregation things contribute to available interface options. If I wanted to, I could have a media player running and control it via global hotkeys. If I wanted to, I could open multiple chrome windows. If I wanted to, I could open multiple tabs perhaps across multiple windows (Awesome powers activate). If I had multi-pointer-X and a good browser I could edit multiple text boxes. In contrast, when we talk about modal UI the discussion is around UI that captures the context. It locks out other modes of operations. Modal systems do not provide aggregate strata into sub-systems running under them, they lock out other sub-system from running. Amodal systems contribute capabilities to users. I'd like to find a way to loop back around and describe MDI as contextual without being modal (on the grounds that it's the same mode repeated), but I don't think I have sufficient argumentation to press that far ahead. I feel on firmer grounds taking issue with your characterization of what really is modal by standing on the aggregation versus composition point, and by highlighting the concatenative nature of the systems you describe. Having a Clean-Slate Identifiable Environment is well and good from a usage standpoint, but from a creation & maintainability standpoint any bucket of bits qualifies as an identifiable environment. The very purpose of most of these tools is to make state visible, to be able to see what has been poured in. That visibility contributes to extensibility, the ability to take that known configuration starting place and to be able to branch and create new configurations. If you have infrastructure in mind for how your CSIEs are constructed, I'm all ears, but I'm envisioning more sh scripts posted on the corporate wiki as your CSIE implementation. There's words written about "automatic configuration" in that link but I don't see any guidance or information on what those configuration tools are. The focus is certainly not on automatic configuration: the focus is on use and re-use of images, on taking images, doing something to them, and getting new images. The notion is deeply flawed to me: using an image as a precondition for making an image, over time, becomes an intractable mess and requires very careful supporting documentation to prevent the scheme from devolving into a bunch of "buckets of bits" with no transparency into what work has gone on to make it that way. The #1 thing that I enjoy about automated tooling is that I can take a bare OS and spin up a complete new system in a matter of minutes, and I get to watch that entire process happen before my eyes. There's no mystery, no external dependencies, no existing work I'm riding off of: everything that happens is visible to me in an immediate way. There's a value & use to immutable images, but please decouple your image making from past images made: no one wants to root around to figure out what twelve horrible things you did to install Java 9 image instances back whenever, nor are they going to have any fun reproducing it on the twenty nine active variants of that ancestor image when there's a security fix to be done. I'd love some kind of posting on FTL: on why it was introduced, what constraints it has, what it enables Superconductor to do that couldn't be done with a general purpose language. Did you give any thought to trying to intake JavaScript itself as the target language? Civics class never taught me about "unlimited power," so I'm having a little bit of difficulty getting spun up with the premise. The conclusion though doesn't share my outlook. The actual activities are not interesting to me. What is interesting to me is insuring ongoing changing activity and new things being tried. Libertarianism fails as badly as most government fails in this regard, permitting the accrual of power by corporate bodies with, like government, interest vested chiefly in their own self propogation. The role that is unspoken, not what government is, but what I want it to be: to insure no one keeps others from trying actions to better themselves. It's not about actions, about information in acting, it's about being empowered to be able to act, to try things. I see this as a macroscopic look, whereas I see your concerns with decision making, the libertarian/government question, as microscopic, focused on only one particular thing at a time. If you have more than 100 hours of Crusader Kings 2, you know historical reality better than most history majors. Sure one may know history, but do you know the principles of interconnectedness that drove history onwards? There's nothing like sitting down with a wide set of empirical data for being able to deeply get the genuine causalities. Anything else just doesn't cut it, which is why virtual simulation and general modeling- Engelbart's dream- still speaks such promise to so many techies. Your focus on the benefit of experience is almost exclusively technical in concern- I think that is the not the primary classifier or motivator. The technically adventurous are usually right, usually have what most could find ways to agree is technically a better plan, or has elements of it (elements that could stand to improve the technical nature of the product). But technical superiority rarely has returns. And usually, for most companies, the returns aren't good, not good at all, and those tiny returns are not transferred to the pocketbooks of the workforce that can either hammer out the same old shift as everyone else, or who can go adventuring on genuinely good stuff that genuinely will operate far better. Good stuff, but which will ask much more of the workforce. The thing with experienced people is, they're done making new experiences. And the thing with businesses is, they don't know how or haven't found grounds to promote exploration of advantageous technical work. This is an industry of get it done, make it work, and finesse and excellence are mired to fuck like every other industry everywhere and not a one of us has any idea how to unobstruct good work, nor do we have a workforce responsive to the call to action even when the possibility is striking them in the face. There are definitely cases where the green-horns get uppity, absolutely a fact diving in beyond what they can back up in a discussion or technical proving. But classist discontent from those wanting to shake things up, finding a system of work where even those with marginal enthusiasm can participate in a high stakes game without being compelled to shit up the rest of their lives- that's far closer to the root, and it's disgraceful to me that we'd just pick on the enthused widely-read young ones as unexperienced and needing to be curbed, when usually in the work place there's not even a forum for that curbing to happen- the greenhorns are simply denigrated. Often by people who lack exposure to begin to state why. I'd caution that cautioning others that young-guns are dangerous and incompetent further reinforces excuses for this all too apparent denigration. Thank you my employers all, who have been most kind in cooperating with me in sounding out a middle path between High Tech good ideas and practical and practiced. I think we've done great, and appreciate that we could dialog and discuss the paths without it coming down to the negative experience of the original post or slander of my ranks. I could be less enthused. There's some ok caution here, in two points: 1. Don't be emotionally attached to your work. Itself obviously horrifically bad advice for everyone: we should be building with passion, in tech the group has fervently picked up and can be excited to roll with. But emotionlessness and removing oneself is a fact of professionalism (to save oneself) and the mired compromise-oriented culture of professional life and business (where historically business plans have always trumped the everloving fuck out of passion and belief). The linked article? #1 rule of programming, leave emotions at the door? It's not about emotions. It's about pride and hubris, being unable to let go, as the junior developer in the article is, as he is silently unfeelingly antipathically checked without discourse or camraderie from coworkers that simply hit "mute" on him. 2. Design and process is indeed a great caution, something we need to burn cycles on- but the author flat out says junior people don't even think about what they are saying they want to build. Envisioning and end goal and hacking out some code can be a way of life, can be remotely possible, if your company can parcel up responsibilities in neat little independent units where you don't have to interact with anyone. As soon as you have to work on a project of >1 person, design first immediately becomes mandatory to some very minimal extent. This is a company problem, a danger if you really are leaving everyone running wild and hoping they see the virtues of designing for themselves. Last, I'd contend the green-horns, with their fancy notions of "what-if," have usually spent more time considering combinations and ways to lay things out than the experienced. If you really do exhibit the well-invested-techie syndrome and you have any self respect, your plan isn't "use redis and node.js and win," there's some kind of data-model, spoken or unspoken and it's up to a company to determine what kind of design proposal process it wants to run for pulling in these ideas and formulating a plan and direction. The author hits themselves in the forehead by the end: they finally get to process, where they discuss lifecycle. Lifecycle which needs to be the company's lifecycle, which needs to entail design. If a developer is off coding without a plan and there's no process in place where they had to think before hand, yeah, bad news, bad programmer, but how did that happen and why did the inexperienced person not have a standard of work from their workplace they drew from to get in such a bad spot? Did they not see the corporate wiki full of UML diagrams? Did they really forge ahead without filing any tickets for their work? Honestly some of the best programmers are young ones, because they are humble and they don't purport to know. Experienced ones are the ones coding from the seat of their pants, because they've seen it, they know it, they have assurances and confidence from the past and they're repeating it, day in and day out, and it's not exciting for adventurous for them, it's what they already know. It takes a certain moral rectitude in the junior class to exhibit this, but more than that, it takes a culture that supports discourse and process, it takes a workplace culture that can relish getting into it and understanding what they are doing, and executing first prototypes and then well to plan, and if that idea is hinted at and space is made where a junior programmer can cycle themselves through that and not be looked down upon, they have every chance of being as good today as they will in ten, twenty, thirty, or three hundred years. 100% agree and it's vile showmanship, but there's enough of a kernel of truth in that academic training is such incredibly poor preparation for making this stuff go. Frameworks help you build a system on top of the web. Rails and Django are systems underneath the web. Building up or building down, none of these technologies are inherently web themselves, they are their own self-establishing bias. Look at Polymer or Custom Elements if you are interested in building web technologies that are themselves truly of the web. They can keep the source for all I care, but it's hardly BitTorrent without an open extensible spec. I get a kind of jQuery feel from .NET, but I haven't been following along for 9 years. By jQuery feel, I mean a fairly uneducated developer base that is happy to be well served by rote practice and already-engineered tooling. It's not an engaging or creative work environment, it's a get things done world where you kind of wade through "solutions" until you cross paths with some existing code that does whats needed, and use that. There's a bazillion people around all kind of muddling through with various backgrounds who pop up to regurgitate whatever tidbits they themselves have picked up. Both jQuery and .NET do a decent job of providing some componentizing, so you can pull stuff in without having to understand it. You certainly don't have to understand the target platform either: the web. RoR has a lot of similarities too in being a culture that remixes the available, and in hiding the real workings, within and of the target. Before losing my sense of place in .NET, I was heavily enjoying alt.net stuff, largely owing to Boo (Python-alike .NET language with fantastic metaprogramming, AST, macros). Rather than take the normal webstack with Boo, I was using CastleProject's MonoRail (Ruby Sinatra alike) + Jayrock (old+excellent JSON omnibus lib) and Spring.NET to build json rest web-services. For me, it was easier investing in my client side and web application skills than it was learning how to dive into the engineered WebForms and ASP.NET and prototype-era ASP.NET MVC work to make them exhibit the behaviors I wanted. It was a great environment to code in, I liked the toolchain I'd come to use, but it was far afield the large .NET world and I had only scattered groups of practitioners (in these various techs I'd elected in) to work with & no overarching place to for myself as a developer of this Boo+MonoRail+Jayrock+Spring.NET thing I liked doing and thought fine. I tend to believe ASP.NET MVC is probably in great shape by now and serves getting shit up very quickly. At the same time, I think culturally MS- alike jQuery, RoR, and let's throw in Apple- remains monocultural, with people invested heavily in fixed technologies that already define a huge amount of the experience and whose use won't port "out," (monoglot) and there's not a creative community base that celebrates those striving & seeking less beaten paths, the polymaths. The intellectual level of engagement is, in short, pretty shit, and the community is at end to help the far-ranging. Too many end-developers (end-users of dev kind), not enough well-motivated, working-for-it journeymen, and mastercraftsmen far removed and few between, with too few to sound out the practice with broadly and not situated for helping the weirder polymaths below experimenting with weird shit. Tall organization, huge fat base with low minimum bars to entry, and monocultural to boot: death. Or rather, undeath: sustained, undying yet no longer alive quite either. http://docs.oracle.com/javase/1.4.2/docs/api/java/nio/ByteBu... is solid enough reading for the interested in encoding/decoding. It compares Direct v.s. non-direct buffers. The doc does remain somewhat circumspect about whether any work is done converting from raw memory to primitive values, for example in the use of getLong or putLong to read or write. The amount of time I spent in Puppet writing modules to install things to a master was ridiculous. I could have not automated and done it manually, but I preferred bootstrapping Puppet with Puppet. And that time you spend setting up a master? It's hopefully limited. But the joy doesn't end. Once your master is set up, then you get to install Puppet on every client too, and configure the client to point to your puppetmaster. Ansible is really a data (or as they say, model) driven massively parallel shell scripting system with advanced templating, tailored for configuration management. It does a lot more, and it's design footprint is at the same time far less. ++ The resounding question in my mind is why this, when there is Stackless Python? What's better about this greenthreading impl? http://www.stackless.com/