The root problem with Bitcoin isn't the program, it's the money supply equation. Deflationary currencies fail exactly because they are too volatile, which is the anti-thesis of designing a currency to be held as an asset. Imagine currency like the oil in an engine. Someone needs to create a coin that rewards mining by giving them futures contracts on the currency and still deflating it. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Turnout would certainly be higher, but it's not clear that it would be a "better" representation of the country. The electoral college distribute power, to some degree, based on geography. Geography is correlated with a large number of other "diversities" of American culture, from race, population density, to industry, to global warming risk, etc... Switching it to a straight majority would take power away from all of these subsets of society. This election, it seems, it was "white rust belt" Americans that decided the election. In Gore vs Bush, it was Florida. Next time, it will be something else. It's all highly imperfect and somewhat random, but I see danger in solidifying power in what essentially will be people who live in cities. It's also a question of whether the borders of a state breaking away remain valid. While the cities of LA and SF might support secession, the rural residents occupying the remaining 98% of the actual territory in California would want to stay. Agreed. Although in this case we don't if the initial report was fake or not. It's just unverifiable. It's entirely possible that some local cable tech decided to play a prank on a specific neighborhood where the tweeter lived. ...it wouldn't be the first time. In a world where news is so commoditized, interpretation is so rare If a surface temperature of −179.5 °C isn't enough to stop someone, logic never will. The point is that we are far far further away than commonly accepted. The day a computer can distinguish between a plastic bag in the road and a child is the day I'd support them on the road. This does not include storage costs to offset the cyclic nature of solar. I have a hard time imagining these exact same four points not being equally urgent if we were ushering in a Clinton administration. From an IT perspective, I think it's more important to recognize the increasing complexity and chaos of our security environment, and recognize that governments are not homogeneous objects, but themselves composed of good actors and bad actors. Engage the good, protect yourself from the bad. I think this would be your answers if you want to be questioned further. The amount of energy used actually makes it less likely to be intelligence. It's times like this I'm glad I have a country block setup through ipdeny. Reducing the likelihood of attack by two orders of magnitude is a big help until there's a patch. Looks like a bot to me. Literally only pastes links. I'd suspect that some of the websites it links to generate ad-rev, while the wikipedia and reddit links are there to obfuscate the purpose of the bot. It's simple logic. If you notice, both the Reddit and HN source have the same source url. You don't think there's any value in reducing penetration attempts by 2-3 orders of magnitude? I went from seeing an attack every few seconds to one per day/week. Doesn't using a .com TLD mean they are subject to DNS seizure in the US? ...although maybe it'll redirect once they launch. I'd love to have a global map with more granularity than just country level. Is that in the works? He's a complete random element. I literally have no idea what he's going to do. ...maybe that's a good thing? Everything that was "reliable" in the past let us down. The frequencies are roughly the same as what is used for LTE cell phone traffic. Which means they are probably looking for a frequency that has the same atmospheric, foliage, and construction material absorption, and range. Not sure it tells you much. They are obviously also limited to what portions of the spectrum are available. People don't really have a problem with immigration. They have a problem with terrorism. The various eastern European migrations subsequent to the fall of communism did not come with terrorism. A common use-case is tabs that are streaming music. I'm not sure if most users are even aware of pinned tabs. This is a great example of how fear of something possibly happening, gives a larger audience the illusion that it will happen. Literally no one in the administration has even suggested, ever, that they'd delete climate data. The problem is that we have news channels that mimic entertainment. The reality of the executive orders actually being signed are nearly identical to previous Republican administrations. What's different is the reporting. Is there a comprehensive list of ALL stars within 50/100/200/etc light years? Clear from the judges order that this only helps those few immigrants caught in transit during the order being signed. There's a difference between giving your boss honest feedback, and being obstructionist. Encouraging honesty is great, but at the end of the day, you still need to follow orders. Tata is just one of MANY similar companies. ...even if they only did this for the top 20/50/100 changes, it would be well worth it. Isn't it reasonable that all requests be provided "at cost"? Maybe at a $/hour corresponding to the federal minimum wage? I don't think FOIAs should be free nor anonymous. I imagine foreign governments would exploit that to try to probe for information. Marketers also have the 99% / 1% rule. They aren't coming up with new marketing slogans all day long. They come up with 1 good idea per quarter and then go through the painstaking process of fleshing it out, testing it with groups, presenting it to management, getting design teams to execute, managing a project/budget/schedule, etc... This is a general human rule that most people spend WAY too much time criticizing the effort of those of us who are working. They aren't going to inspect the HD partitions at the border. They clone for a later time - at which point, you'd already be admitted and are not obliged to assist them. As another investor, the stock has already gone up 650%. You should probably look at another company to buy. Never buy during the hype. The predominant theory, though, is that the bombardment was caused by changes within our own solar system, not from outside - per your link I find it interesting that the public has a good understanding of our solar system, and recognizes images of our galaxy as a whole, but if you ask them anything about the layout of what's in between, they have no clue. PBS (and thus NPR) federal funding might be on the chopping block with the next federal budget, so it's not surprising to see pieces trying to get out ahead of that. I grew up on NRP, and I LOVE This American Life, Garrison Keillor, and the reruns of Click and Clack, but I'd be lying if I didn't admit that they have a pretty left leaning agenda. The Brian Lehrer show used the anniversary of Pearl Harbor to discuss how Trump might create Muslim concentration camps in America. I manage several GSuite accounts. The tech support staff is friendly and helpful, but if the problem is outside their list of known issues or current outages, they're basically useless. They aren't developers and they have no access to investigate underlying system data/logs, let alone resolve anything. ...and that's where the true problem with Google is. There's no mechanism to report/escalate a well-defined and reproducible technical bug - even as a technical sysadmin with a paid account. ...and if a data issue only impacts a small number of people, it'll never get fixed. The GSuite forums are bombarded with usability questions, and real tech issues are given the old "let's see which FAQ I can post to get some karma" response. Calling the help desk might get the issue escalated, but it's far far more time consuming than if I could just put a normal bug report together with a screenshot. For PCI Compliance purposes, at least, holding user credit card information is already seen as a liability because maintaining compliance is a cost center. That's why there's been some shift towards tokenizing transactions on the fly and directly submitting to the CC company via javascript so that shopping websites never see your CC number even when you enter it on their website - even if you're scheduling future payments. Maybe we should include other data elements under PCI or similar regulations. SSN? I imagine HIPAA has similar requirements and associated costs. I think it's disingenuous to claim that's all that's being removed from Facebook in Germany, even today. My wife is German and she's seen pages/profiles get banned that are just generally anti-immigration. ...but the only they ran this story was to target Trump. ...and even still, what's happening in Yemen is barely mentioned. Obama was just as complicit with what was happening and no one published anything about it. You can buy drugs with it online. ...and also pay ransomware ransoms. tl;dr - Exchanges go bankrupt More generally, the issue is that it solidifies control to the two political parties participating in the "I cut you choose" game, which are both incentivized to marginalize any 3rd party. I wonder if the game can be fairly expanded to X number of parties? I'm starting to think FPTP is at the root of all of our problems. There is a big misconception about nuclear attacks. Full scale nuclear war with a adversary like Russia is indeed an apocalypse scenario, but a single lowish yield nuclear detonation by a nation like North Korea is very very survivable, if you are prepared. I have a similar evac plan with a bug-out bag that I gave my wife to keep at her work. For nuclear attack specifically, she is instructed NOT to leave her work and hunker down in their concrete basement for two weeks. Even being much closer to an estimated ground-zero, she is far safer in their well-shielded basement than trying to get home in the open fallout zone. The bag has enough rations, batteries, water, first-aid, etc for that period. Fallout zone radiation levels take about 2 weeks to drop to safe levels, at which time she has a printed google map for her to walk the 20 miles home. My job is to grab the kids at school and hunker down in our basement where we have more exhaustive supplies, and ultimately get the hell out of town together. Fallout is the biggest killer. Using http://nuclearsecrecy.com/nukemap/ , and unfortunately fallout is highly dependent on wind direction - an important unknown on that day. Given the unknowns and the likelihood that roads will be quickly impassible, it is best to prepare at home. It takes two feet of concrete or packed dirt to block radiation to a safe level, and that includes ABOVE you. Wood provides almost no protection. ...but if you do have a basement, then you can make a plan to place very heavy items (appliances & server racks) on the first floor above you and vehicles and stones/dirt/etc around that part of the house. Fallout settles on surfaces, so it's a good idea to trim bushes and trees directly around that shelter - you want the fallout to hit the ground, not settle at a higher angle above you. ...and if you're in Hawaii or other coastal area and have easy access to a boat, that might be the best option because fallout sinks and there are no traffic jams at sea. In reality, you would be very hard pressed to get 51% of all global wealth to agree on anything. Today, it is pockets of ~1% wealth screwing over their regional 0.00001% constituents. Ethereum forces a global authority :) The point of "code is law" is to replace the legal system. Laws are, after all, code. Programmers are the new lawyers. The problem with the "hack" was that our laws/code are still incredibly primitive. I don't have an issue with the rollback - because that's part of the design, and I really doubt they'll be able to do that again if the ownership of ETH spreads out more. These problems will work themselves out. There are numerous other coins. Pick the one you think is better and buy it. What happens when these issues are addressed at the hardware level. Are users on new chips going to continue to live with performance nerfs to protect those who haven't upgraded, or will patches and fixes detect some CPU feature that IDs it as a "fixed" CPU... of course spoofing that will have its own security implications. Yes, but almost exclusively those who die are immune compromised, under 5 months old, or elderly. What's terrifying is healthy adults dying of flu. Same here. ...and while I can teach some basics to my 4 year old, there is absolutely nothing I can do about my 2 year old in daycare. The Plague was one of the major causes of the contraction of Eastern Roman empire. Never underestimate the ability of a disease to shift the balance of political power in the world. Ethereum actually uses a reduced version of this to accept portions of competing chains so as to be more efficient. There's no question that Intel's response is entirely dictated by the legal ramifications of the coming lawsuits. ...but irrespective of that, it ALSO appears that there's no leadership within Intel to actually fix the underlying issue. I don't care if the PR is BS - that's what I expect. But if the chips are not fixed the right way, I'm taking my business elsewhere, and I'm not alone. So are we saying that since nothing is getting fixed in that interim period, that AMD chips suffer much less performance impact due to their lesser exposure to the issue? Agreed, but I don't think it changes the bulk of what he's talking about. Why would a website go down during a government shutdown? It actually takes more work to turn it off, doesn't it? Is Twitter really the official way to notify people of danger? Or is there also a cell phone warning system? One thing I often add to my search terms is the site: tag to restrict results to, say stackexchange, reddit, etc... In the past it's been a necessity to get non-spam results on DuckDuckGo. I'm not sure how needed it still is. Any thoughts? For those running a beefier router - there are great solutions at the router level to protect the entire home network. I honestly don't know what use-case remains for Bitcoin. If you have large value transactions you'd probably choose something with privacy like Monero, and if you want something cheap and fast, maybe Bitcoin Cash. In both use-cases, you have a few competing alternatives. In no circumstance is Bitcoin preferable to one of the mature alternatives. ...and if no one is using it as a transaction medium, then acting as a store of value is better placed in an actively used coin network. It's not so simple. You only need one exchange, anywhere in the world, that will exchange Monero for non-banned cryptos, and the market will flow freely. I think this misses the point that we are using our dollars inefficiently. Between race and socio-economic status, the later has a stronger correlation to health and so it should be used as the main indicator directing where/how to spend those healthcare dollars. When it comes to people's health, these dollars need to be blind, or we are needlessly throwing some number of lives away each year. If it supports 1000tps on a blockchain, then there must be some centralization nodes, in which case, it is just another Dash equivalent. Centralization defeats the purpose of crypto in my opinion. Yes. It is a centralized decentralized network. No. A foreign bank can hold USD without any US oversight. The biggest problem is the precedent it sets. Once Julius Cesar made himself "first citizen" and took control over the senate, absolutely NONE of his successors relinquished power back to the Senate. ...and some of them were disastrous leaders. I wouldn't be surprised if countries like Russia and China are surreptitiously inciting partisanship in the west. So can I then "move to London" in my account, and then request a real delete? Elon cares tremendously about bad press. He's specifically banned all reporters from filming launch or recovery attempts in case there are failures. You'll notice that there are NO social media posts whenever there's a accident (of which there have been many). Zuck drawing attention to it must have really pissed Elon off. > we just found out a new principle on the large scale organization of matter in the known universe. Not really, because we've already knew that and observed it before in the bullet galaxy. This is just a 2nd observation (although it is interesting in the ways it's different). We don't have an accurate way to identify the amount of dark matter in a galaxy. That is why the outliers are so important. ...but what is potentially more important is the cause of these outliers. Assuming there's no smooth distribution of dark matter correlations with regular matter, then some unfathomable EVENT caused this galaxy to be different. I'm not saying it's aliens, but... It's a pointless conversation the argue over which unproven theory is taken most seriously. The reality is that we don't know. The only reason this is getting so much press is because it was favorable to Trump. If we look at left leaning abuses of "news", it gets buried in downvotes and derided as "both sides". If you really want to combat the problem, you need to attack the root of the problem - for-profit 'news' organizations. There should be regulations around ownership and foreign funding of anything that labels itself "news" or "journalism". We should look out for suicides. Someone who's given the choice between destroying his family and betraying his country might be pretty likely to off himself. She didn't think she was being specifically targeted. In one of her rants she specifically stated that she knew of many other content creators having their videos censored, age restricted, and demonetized. Her methods are nuts, obviously, but her beef with Youtube is entirely justified. The end result, unfortunately, isn't going to be Google/Amazon/Facebook/etc... realizing the error of their ways - it's going to be them over-reacting to protect themselves. I expect Silicon Valley campuses will get locked down. I expect any content that even slightly might maybe insinuate violence will get taken down. tldr; The problem is going to get worse before it gets better. Whenever I paste, I use ctrl-shift-v. It solves this problem and a multitude of other pasting problems. For a company with multiple locations, they'll just shift jobs to the other locations. Working remotely has become very unfashionable in tech after many studies showed that remote employees are very inefficient. The Martinez-Fuerte ruling specifically applies to a section of US territory along the border. The ruling accepts that illegal border crossings DO occur and that therefor Border Patrol need jurisdiction to stop and question people within a reasonable distance from the border in areas where illegal border crossings occur. A less penetrable border would be the cleanest solution here. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The Steam platform should actually create a VM sandbox for a game when it's running to exactly prevent bad behavior. That's a service I'd actually pay for. Actually the impact on nations higher in latitude makes the time change more compelling. The biggest issue is traffic accidents as a result of commuting directly into the rising or setting sun. It's especially acute if there are children crossing streets to get to school at the same time. It doesn't take many dead kids to make headlines. If I remember correctly, Chile abolished DST, and then after they have a ton of traffic fatalities, they added it back two years later. It's not as clear cut as people make it out to be. As a smb sysadmin for a GSuite based company, I've forced it as an extension to Chrome, so whenever any employee logs into Chrome, it automatically adds it. Unlikely given the high altitude of the cave. > a laser with a gigawatt of power (approximately the output of a large nuclear plant) would provide only a few newtons of thrust. wow... that's not very efficient... No, but I think we should know which American company ultimately helped them. $40 seems excessive for what is essentially a hierarchical TODO list. I simply open a google doc in B4 page format landscape and keep a list with bullets/sub-bullets. It's not ideal, but I haven't found a mind-mapping tool that materially provides anything better. This is like punching someone in the face, and then accusing them of having a nose-bleeding problem. Nuclear is expensive because the rampant fear-mongering generates massive amounts of litigation, construction delays, and outdated/unreasonable regulations. If you look at the cost of reactors in China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, etc, they are one-tenth the US cost for the exact same reactor design. If you rob the state of its monopoly over money, it's ability to exert force is greatly diminished. My daughter and I play Factorio together. There are a lot of emergent properties in Factorio that are relevant to programming. > gaining legitimacy and working as a payment system parallel to national currencies while complying with the complex regulations This is an impossible requirement. Every country has different, subjective, fluctuating, and often vague regulatory requirements. Not decentralized platform could ever comply. The reason crypto hasn't taken hold is simply that it doesn't scale. When enough people use it, the system grinds to a halt. Newer cryptos, like Monero have made some big steps recently, but there's still a long long long way to go for scalability. Kind of like physical cash - which is what crypto is. It's odd that people think any form of cash would "conform to AML" - an impossible requirement for anything decentralized. It's like saying tires don't conform to speed limits. Without having a semantic debate, I think the point is that since there are no static addresses, parties cannot send money in a one-way transaction. Every transaction must have a handshake. Those two people could be in person, or online, but they don't need to be connected to the grin network until either wants to post the transaction. > you can send to an address; that address can be a cold wallet, or could not exist at all I don't think this is accurate since the other party must participate. Exactly - like cash. It's cash for the internet. Grin is different private. I wouldn't say it's less private. The fact that you can submit a truncated set of transactions, can in some cases provide far more privacy than Monero. How would an asynchronous transaction work? If you're posting your side of the transaction publicly, doesn't that expose you to a MITM or spoofing attack? > A credit system probably wouldn't work however as we're destroyed the concept of time value of money. This is spot on and is the main problem. This destroys all lending, which prevents various forms of capital investment - the cornerstone of economic growth. Like it or not, inflation is a key component to any currency. ...and as you said, increasing the money supply doesn't even guarentee inflation - but contracting it absolutely spells deflation - which is death. Ideally a "better" cryptocurrency would detect the velocity of money within its own blockchain, and calculate the appropriate amount of inflation (or even deflation) to keep the scarcity of currency stable. If you imagine that a currency is like blood in a body, then as the body grows (or shrinks), the blood volume must adjust accordingly. Fundamentally, the function of currency is not to save - it is to spend. I think the argument being made is that linear emission is, in the long run, as insufficient as zero emission since it's an ever decreasing portion of the total money supply. It really needs to be inflationary. Have you considered merging your functionality with a package like gnucash which works as an open source account/budget program for families/small businesses? I think it would be a good match. ...and now I understand why the Uyghur are persecuted in China. How do you search for those exactly? Is that reeealy so different from a PoW fork? Taxing wealth will only increase the mobility of the wealthy. Is there any qualification to labeling people as "Journalists", or is it entirely a self-appointed title? For the most part, unfortunately, they run unprofitably, and have required therefor the patronage of high net worth individuals to keep them running. In an ideal world, there would be a requirement for an organization that labels itself as "journalism", "news", or "reporting" to have a measure of financial independence. ...but as it stands, it seems such independent agencies would not be able to financially sustain itself as so much "news" is free online, and people remain unwilling to pay for less-biased sources of information. We have entered the disinformation age. If you are not paying for news, you are the product, not the consumer. > Which is a long, long way from "false". No it isn't. > "BuzzFeed’s description... are not accurate" That is literally saying that their reports were false. My challenge on Android is that Hangouts calls have zero ability to filter. > "Whatever is on twitter is still a real fact because they repeat, verbatim what people post on it." This, right here, is the problem. Something is not a FACT just because it's being repeated over and over on Twitter. In fact, I have a feeling the correlation between accuracy and Twitter-repetition is probably inverse. > need to find a way ... to give them purpose The idea that the government should be giving people purpose is the beginning of a dystopian nightmare. >> WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE? Little things like that educate parents. Most of these traumas have disappeared from movies and TVs because we've most eliminated them. The upper palate has a direct line into the brain to facilitate smelling neurons. It is conceivable that a surgical operation on the upper teeth might cross contaminate patients. As the CTO for a company that uses GSUITE fairly heavily, the main reason I refrain from adopting Google tech isn't so much the risk of being banned, it is the likelihood that Google will simply abandon core integration points, and will force us to re-build whatever we've implemented in Google. I wonder if someone wanting to go despite a 90% death rate should be disqualified on psychological grounds? Sort of like the old joke that "I'd never want to join a club that would have me as a member". Agreed. It is definitely not profitable going to Mars. The only people who'd want to go, would be the most extreme ideologues. A toxic environment, surrounded by a toxic environment. A "tax break" is just a reduction in taxes that otherwise wouldn't be paid at all . It still means a profit for the city. It's not like NYC is paying Amazon to come to NYC. NYC would still make huge tax revenues from additional sales, real estate, income taxes, and corporate taxes. Now they're turning that all away. It's such an irrational decision that if I were Amazon, it would raise a big red flag for me as well. No need to open in a community that doesn't want your money. Tax breaks are just a temporary discount on taxes that otherwise would be paid at all. It's not like Amazon was getting CASH to move to NYC. > not in a city with a resurgent left. IRRATIONAL left. This investment on the part of Amazon gave way way way more to the city than it got back in subsidies. It's kind of ridiculous. If I were Amazon, I would drop NYC in a heartbeat if they didn't appreciate that degree of investment. The subsidies were 1.525 billion. Amazon's investment was expected to be around 2.5 billion. Only an irrational fool cannot do that math. The redevelopment plan they scrapped was much much smaller than what Amazon was proposing. Several city blocks smaller. The bottom line is that the Amazon deal had very broad support in NYC, and a very vocal irrational minority just ruined it for everyone. That's what I do as well. My most productive hours are in the morning, so that's why I give them to my personal-job rather than my professional-job. A group of friends could easily rent a 50ft sailboat. 20ft is quite small. ...and if one or two people has taken a couple of weekends to get a sailing license, it's actually a pretty fun vacation. My girlfriend and I did it in the Abacos for a week, just the two of us. Sailing from island to island each day in the crystal Caribbean water. It's cost effective, super fun, and way more accessible than people realize. This completely ignores inflation. By spending that 3.5% on living, you are actually losing a portion of your wealth each year. In order to remain "flat", you need to be earning 7%, in order to spend 3.5%. ...but of course, this also completely ignores the risk. Assets don't give 7% for free. The investor is accepting the risk - that's the whole point. So in reality, you need to be earning closer to 10% in order to mitigate the risk of a default on those assets. Living off of investment income is almost never really winning battle. Remember that 60,000 was chosen so that toxicity could be very reliably demonstrated. It does not mean that lower doses are not also toxic. Exactly. I'm all for adding authentication elsewhere, but there's no need to kill DNSSEC. It might not given that the impetus of this change is to combat fake news and bot accounts from nation-states. ...so it might not be high on the target list for the EU since they are actively uncovering more influence operations. You have to realize that privacy is not a priority for most governments, so unless it's explicitly against the rules, I suspect they won't do much. One concern I have is the resurgence of other STDs as a result of curing HIV. The number of sexual partners adults have has been steadily rising and risky so transmission of other "regular" uncurable STDs like HPV and Herpes may spike. I once told my daughter that intelligent decisions in life are made by being dispassionate and using logic to reason the optimal course of action. My wife then snorted and said "says who?". Parenting fail :( In order for them to appreciate what you do, you need to explain to them WHY you do what you do. I have found that understanding often diffuses anger. For example, if you are dangerously cut off by someone on the highway and you speed ahead to yell at them, your blood is boiling with the expectation of a confrontation... until you stop at the next light and realize the person is having a seizure and actually needs help! In that moment your new understanding of the situation melts your anger away very very effectively. In general, if you practice and train your mind to seek understanding of the circumstances surrounding the behavior that's making you angry, your anger will melt. Bingo. The best proven way to control anger is to train your mind to seek understanding of what's going on in those tense situations. Like anything, you need to practice training yourself at handling anger. When my kids get angry, I teach them to ask questions. "Why?!!" "Why didn't they let me play with them?" "Why does my sister always get to use my toys?!" "Why does it make me feel this way?!" "What can I do to prevent this in the future?!" The most understanding you can gain during a confrontation, the better you train your mind to react in that way rather than in our following our instincts. We are, by default, animals, and anger is part of our fight-flight response - but it's something we can reprogram with practice. ...especially if you start with a young malleable mind. It's almost tax time... my angriest time of the year. On Social Media the results would have been published six years before the research even started and political tweets would have already labelled opponents for believing the wrong thing. > he was hunting for video games that had been “cracked,” or stripped from digital rights protections, so that he could play them for free on his Apple. What a monster! What a horrible design. The old strategy of burying garbage is looking better and better. We're literally sequestering CO2 by doing so. The countries listed above are far more developed than you are giving them credit for. They absolutely have the ability to recycle. Are cables really ugly? It's not really about training. It is to provide evidence in court in case you try to sue the company. It also motivates customers to behave in a civil manner because they know they are being recorded. Gmail is releasing a feature in a couple weeks to let you schedule outbound emails. This seems like the perfect reminder system. GSO is very high orbit (22K miles) and therefor has much higher latency. The lower orbit (100-1K miles) constellations are lower bandwidth because of the high angular speed of travel removes the ability to do directional (high powered) transmissions. Modern plants don't need to be decommissioned. All parts are fully replaceable. Additionally, the point about maintaining older reactors isn't entirely relevant if we are talking about building new ones. With regards to capital construction costs, there are a number of factors in western countries that seem to drive up costs, and there is a lot of debate around the relative impact of unnecessary litigation that delays project construction, and the enforcement of safety regulations that were designed for older reactors. There is no arguing which energy source China is investing in most - they have approximately 25 reactors under construction right now. It's too bad we cannot see the accretion disk edge-on as in the video. That would have made it a perfect prediction. Maybe it's so thin that it's overwhelmed by the projections of the top and bottom of the back side of the disk. I think it's sad that we cannot figure out a way to have LARGE federated communities that remain functional. No, they have tons of releases. This is very odd. Is it just me, or are HN comments becoming less and less informative, and more and more like Reddit zingers ? The biggest problem with this rebellion is that it advocates disruption in the countries doing the MOST to combat climate change. I don't see any events planned in the biggest CO2 producers. Time zones are something that should be federally mandated, not decided in piecemeal like this. They are just creating a fucking mess. Google in particular. What makes a monopoly dangerous is when they control multiple links in the supply chain to push out competitors. If Google owns Search, Gmail, Android, Analytics, Chat, Google Fi, Google Fiber, Chrome, GPay, etc... then they are able leverage one monopoly to establish monopolies elsewhere. ...and that is ultimately what is most destructive to Competition and consumer value. All of the above could be separate companies. Facebook gets a lot of bad press, but Google is the big danger. He could have been talked out of it. Suicidal people are talked out of suicide all the time. The odds of that are effectively zero. Over a multi-billion year development line, being within 100 years of one-another is effectively impossible. They are either unevolved animals, or have already merged into the Great AI or whatever happens when intelligent species evolve. What we can infer from the gradual evolution of various species on Earth is that brains do seem to evolve larger, more complex, more efficient - though are often bottlenecked by other costs. If you look at a snapshot of all life on Earth over tens of millions of years, the average brain size of dominant species has clearly increased. Indian Point is bleeding cash? It appears SHUTTING Indian Point is causing more financial problems than it's solving... https://www.wsj.com/articles/as-nuclear-plant-closes-fears-s... This amount represents more than their profits for roughly two years. It isn't realistic and is likely a number released to make headlines. The point of regulation is to change corporate behavior, not drive them out of business. The stock market does not seem to think the fine will ultimately be anywhere near that high, with a drop in stock price of only 1.5%. As always, beware of headlines. It would be ironic if Youtube did this because they were tired of fulfilling warrants from governments over authors of these videos You make it sound like arresting the person is doing them a favor. Not only that - circumstantial evidence is enough for a search warrant, and a search warrant almost ALWAYS reveals additional evidence. The point is that once the cops know who you are, you're fucked. Even if they are using classified methods to ID you, they'll then find something circumstantial to get warrants until they find you. The only way to get away is to completely avoid detection in the first place. How would he have convinced his wife and kids that that was necessary? People overestimate the duration that their software will be used, so in many cases imperfections aren't as important as a developer might think they are. My last project I released still had about 20 TODOs in the code. I launched it, it got great reviews, everyone loved it, then I got a new project and they deprioritized the "cleanup" phase. I suspect the edge-cases are just getting handled manually - no one cares and I'm still a hero. Yeah, I think people forget that the majority of those who died in Tienanmen were non-violent. People with wealth are targeted by scammers who file fraudulent claims against them. These fall under the liability portion of your insurance. It's not about the house or car, it's about that $10MM in your bank people want to go after by claiming that you tripped them and they broke their back. Putting aside that you've given up entirely on any form of discourse with the account you're responding to... You aren't only talking to that account - you are having a public conversation in front of millions of people. ...and if the discussion goes something like: Company A: "We believe in xyz." Twitter B: "You are an ." ...then what benefit have you delivered to the other millions of people reading? All you are doing is stroking the ego of those who agree, and fueling outrage for those that don't. No ones position is evolving. Instead, you should recognize that the audience of your comment is the millions of silent readers whose combined opinions/votes/dollars have an actual impact. To them, a logical, well reasoned, and UN-emotional argument is persuasive, and far more likely to help you achieve your goal. There's another aspect to this... the user in question lives in New Zealand. Should their foul-mouthed tweet to a US Senator during a US election have the same protections as an American's tweets? It's not immediately apparent that he's from and lives in New Zealand unless you really dig through his content, something most readers won't do. In aggregate, this might influence American voters into thinking there's some substance to anti-Palin rhetoric. Isn't that a form of foreign influence? My issue with it is entirely different - the user isn't American. He lives in New Zealand. Throwing HATE at a US politician during a US election in public is foreign interference and should be removed on that basis. I once took over a Wordpress site and the prior dev told me that he just torrented the plugins. It took me all of 15 minutes to find code injections appended to the bottom of the code files. ...but that wasn't the interesting part. Since it was a very popular SEO plugin, I actually took the extra time and reported the attack code wordpress security scanners and the torrent site. A month later I checked back and the plugin had been re-uploaded, but this time with the attack code heavily obfuscated and much more subtely hidden within the plugin. ...and this time when I reported it to the torrent site, the site admins banned me and actually IP blocked me. tldr; The only open source code getting reviewed is heavily used stuff. When we are judging individuals, it's important to judge with individual circumstances. Was THIS protestor being violent? Was THIS police officer justified in firing? In this case, there is one video that isn't getting much viewership which very clearly shows the protestor who was shot, chasing down and beating a police officer on the ground. The officer that fired was coming to the rescue when the protestor attacked him with a pipe and was shot. Here is that video from BBC Chinese: https://twitter.com/bbcchinese/status/1179082367337713666 Here is a more complete video showing the exact protestor who got shot (with the blue shield) chasing down an officer and then beating him on the ground before attacking the rescuing officer and getting shot. https://twitter.com/bbcchinese/status/1179082367337713666 Sure, but not in this particular case. The protestor that was shot was caught on the same video chasing down a police officer and beating him before getting shot. https://twitter.com/bbcchinese/status/1179082367337713666 I don't know - but is your question meant for us to prove the innocence of the victim here? ...and the extended version of that video shows how the protesters chased down that officer first, tackled him, and beat him on the ground (including the exact protester that was shot). Full video: https://twitter.com/bbcchinese/status/1179082367337713666 yeah, this article lacks any material substance. Chernobyl is so different from a modern reactor, that it's not really useful to judge to current risks with existing reactors, let alone planned new Gen III+ reactors which are orders of magnitudes safer. People are not "rejecting your identity" if they use the wrong pronoun. That is an emotional interpretation of an error. It's a unbelievable that we take the output of these seminars as gospel. They are just groups of people - with no more authority on what "proper behavior" is than the rest of us. ...and yet the community that supports them vehemently punishes anyone that strays from their constantly changing and often contradictory directives. In some cases, that is true. In other cases, it is an important part of removing a toxic element from your organization. There are some people who refuse to behave in the best interests of the group, no matter how much direction you give them. ...but you are correct that they are often only one part of the problem. Then again, often firing them will motivate some of their supporters to quit. I imagine that was the impetus behind firing Monica, so perhaps turnabout is fair play. ...it's also somehow offensive to either avoid using pronouns as well as inquiring about them. The only solution is apparently magic. We have this simplistic idea that if we put a huge roadblock in front of small businesses that they'll innovate around the problem, when in reality they'll just go out of business, and it will take the market a year or more to figure out how to deal with the problem - all the while, more small businesses shut down because they cannot stock their shelves. I agree with the motivation, but the execution cannot be "simply" banning how these businesses operate. These aren't high margin businesses that can handle disruptions like this. Small business owners have mortgages to pay, and they'll just close-up shop or "simply" choose to service a different area. There are a lot of elderly people living in the city that cannot ride a bicycle. ...and what about when there's a foot of snow on the ground? Or pouring rain? Should everyone resign themselves to suffering? The problem is that "tax rate" is an ambiguous term because different kinds of income at taxed at different rates. So, for example, if someone makes most of their money on dividends, then they pay capital gains tax, and it appears like they are unfairly paying a lower rate than everyone else. ...but that's not a fair comparison because it's a different sort of income, with a VASTLY riskier risk profile. Taxing it at the income rate wouldn't make sense. In the past, in the US, capital gains wasn't taxed at all because it was considered double taxation (since the investment was already taxed). ...and in some other countries, there is no tax on capital gains. I've seen people claim that country XYZ has higher tax rates than the US, but then when you look closed, they have zero capital gains taxes. Your assumption is that the company will knowingly access your data, but the more likely scenario is that a rogue employee working for your competitor (or simply looking to start their own startup) will access and steal your data/code/client list. I think OP is thinking of ancient concrete/cement used by ancient cultures such as the Romans. During a stressful part of my life recently I struggled with getting to sleep. I just couldn't stop thinking about shit that was going on. until one night I fell asleep on the couch in front of the TV, and it occurred to me that I could just modify this behaviour to bed. So I put a handful of old Star Trek episodes on my phone. Each night I put me earphones on (so as not to disturb my wife), turn on an episode of Star Trek, and I am asleep within the first five minutes. ... I can even repeat episodes... it doesnt even matter since Im asleep within literally 5mins. At first the earphones were annoying, but after a week you dont even notice them. The stress at work continues, but I sleep like a baby. I think the familiarity of Star Trek (which I watched a lot as a kid) gives me a subconsious sense of security. Practicing this once saved my life while scuba diving. I was stuck in a cave and I began to panic and hyperventilate. Having delt with other high stress situations and remembering this full quote prepared me. Being able to identify my emotion in a high stress moment and knowing that the fear would pass is what calmed me down and think my way out of my problem. It's not enough to remember the words. You also need to practice. This is not accurate. To get my US Green card, all that was required was an HIV test and a standard US doctor's affidavit that I wasn't disabled. That's a far cry from a "rigorous physical exam". This exactly. Most recently I had a script that was calling functions with fixed width data sets (IDs, credit card numbers, birthdates, etc..), and typos were significantly easier to find due to the data and fonts both being fixed width. This is why i never mention HackerNews on Reddit. What is the next site we're all going to? ... and how will they control participant quality? Absorbsion rates vary by orders of magnitude depending on signal frequency. A simple power comparison is not a great measure of affect. Im not sure your analogy holds ground. Different programming languages are created try to solve limitations in existing programming langs. Writing it in a different ascii character set isn't solving any technical issue - it's solving an accessibility issue, but compounding the problem of compatibility tremendously. Obviously there is a efficient middle ground between accessibility and compatibility. It's great for more people to be able to code. It's also great to be able to read code written by someone else across the world. There is both pain and wisdom in standardization. I think any argument taken to an extreme loses rationality. On one hand, if more people can understand programming, then we increase the pool of programmers, and that's great. On the other hand, if more people can understand each other's programming, that's also great. At the end of the day, what matters is that we have the largest possible ecosystem that also allows developers to transcend their geographical / ethnic background. ...and if that's the goal, then maybe it makes most sense for us to favor a unified ascii char set? A few language keywords aren't that big of a price for us all to stay on the same page. I think another consequence of that is that collisions have zero cost. Momentum v strength doesn't scale linearly. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that men and women are wired differently when it comes to sex and relationships. The instinctual influence over men to have sex with multiple partners, I believe influences their desire to still "feel good" about prior partners. ...whereas a woman's instinctual desire to find a man to protect her offspring influences her desire to "feel bad" about prior partners who didn't stick around. Of course, we're above these instincts cognitively, but it's folly to think they have no influence on our emotional association to past partners. This site is turning into Reddit. Do the people with more informative comments now frequent another site? Back to slashdot? Everyone's emissions are down due to manufacturing slowdowns globally. If you're willing to select a narrow set of data points as this article does, then you can draw any conclusion you want. Importantly, those cities aren't significant emitters. It is easy to promise little to no change. Distractions are often worse than nothing. China's Paris commitments were significantly laxer than other nations. Commiting only to stop increasing only by 2030. In reality, that might be the case here as well. All the OP article is saying is that there was a ~2.5 increase in returns just after the penalties were eliminated. That might be 2.5x a very small number, and it might also come with a longer term increase in book theft. The disruption of those meetings is illegal, not the monitoring of their organization. I wonder what the performance costs of those ACL checks are. Man, this site is turning into Reddit. This is such an opinionated uninformative comment... The alternative of having collaborative decision making has its own downsides, of being slower, not meeting goals, and sometimes producing conflicting outputs. In reality, a "directive" can be generalized to any "process request", such as a software enhancement request. A "goal level" statement must be described, and then someone between the implementer and the manager needs to flesh out and escalate what the functionality looks like and any potential conflicts. ...then the person implementing them needs to translate that spec into an implementation, and then escalate any potential unintended consequences found in testing phase. ...and all of this in an iterative cycle. Unfortunately, 99% of office requests do no merit enough _value_ for this process to be worthwhile. With infinite resources, we can achieve infinite perfection in every management request. ...but in the real world where business demands are transient, the expectation should be that management doesn't know what they want all the time and asks for things with incorrect parameters and conditions. ...and so the implementer (since there's no one in between) needs to bring their industry experience and communication skills to _poignantly_ explain the caveats in the request and explain what the alternatives are. These are difficult conversations to have. They inherently contain conflict and the emotions of frustration associated with the manager perceiving that they aren't getting what they want, and the implementer being asked to break protocols and safeguards. There is no perfect solution. This comes down to professionalism and having employees and managers that are able to offer compromise, have dispassionate discourse, and be willing to thoughtfully approach the problem in succinct and timely fashion. ...which is why hiring experienced intelligent emotionally stable people is the most productive choice for companies. I think I speak for many people on here when I say, we don't care about your drama and don't want this forum to turn into another failed Reddit social justice crusade forum. If the poster above has an informative post, I'll upvote it regardless of who he is. It's about the content, not the people.