C++ it seems. Hello, author here. As I hint to in this article, explaining or teaching "what a monad is" is fallacious. Given that each monad requires 400–2000 words to teach in its most basic form, explaining the most common monads in a single article would make that article around 15 pages long. That is way out of scope of this article, but perhaps suitable for five other separate articles. I'll have to think about it! Meanwhile, I'm sure you can Google search for Stack Overflow questions on Maybe, Either, List and other monad types to get used to them. You can imagine it a little like walking up to a musician and asking, "Will you please teach me the musical instruments?" The answer you get will be filled with counter-questions: "Do you know any musical instrument? What kind of instrument are you interested in? Can you read sheet music?" (Or, for that matter, try asking an OOP programmer, "Teach me the Gang of Four patterns, please!" It will elicit a similar response, not a 15-page blog post. ;) ) When the type is some sort of container type (Maybe, Either, List, Tuple and so on), the functor interface gives you a function that will change the contents of the container, while preserving the container structure. Example: fmap (*3) (Just 12) === Just 36 When the type is some sort of computation type (IO, Promise, STM, Parser, unwrapped Reader), the functor interface gives you a function that will take a function and compose it with the computation. In other words, the result of the computation will be passed through your specified function before it is finally returned. Example: fmap (+5) (getPromise age) -- promise age is filled with 43 and -- the fmap call will return 48 I'm probably one of those rare programmers who has never had any real experience with OOP. I can tell you that reading about design patterns makes my head spin. I've been able to understand a few design patterns, but that has been because I've had an actual, practical problem in my code and the design pattern could be applied to solve it. Take as an example the following paragraph from Wikipedia: > The essence of the Mediator Pattern is to "define an object that encapsulates how a set of objects interact". It promotes loose coupling by keeping objects from referring to each other explicitly, and it allows their interaction to be varied independently. Client classes can use the mediator to send messages to other clients, and can receive messages from other clients via an event on the mediator class. I have no idea what that means and how and when I apply it in practise. It's just a bunch of abstract mumbo-jumbo, like an explanation of "what a monad is" will be. So I still hold that the abstract description comes after you learn how to use the thing, not before it. Unfortunately no, but that's in the works. Now that several people have requested it, I've bumped it up on my list of priorities. Semigroup is a closer match. Monoid includes an identity element. (All monoids are semigroups, and a lot of semigroups are monoids, but not all of them.) Also might matter that open floor plans make interacting with people convenient, and it's a large part of their job to interact with people. I really only need interaction with people for well under 10% of a normal work day. What makes perfect sense for their kind of works does not make as much sense for my kind of work. About 1: all of your experiences still hold today. A friend of mine started a file hosting business on the side when he was still in elementary school. Much like yours, it quickly became popular in one small community, and then spread out of that. Today, 8 or so years later, he has quit to work full time on it and he works on it... a lot. "Easily scalable" only works to a point, then it quickly becomes expensive unless you create a solution tailored specifically for your problems, at which point you're negating the "easily" part again. Not sure if it's relevant, and unfortunately it's a bit outdated, but have you seen Real World Haskell? Also related is Beginning Haskell – A Project Based Approach. Me too. I normally need around 8–9 hours to function normally throughout the whole day – an hour more if I've been exercising regularly. It's highly impractical sometimes, but I've started to accept that I just need more sleep. I can usually get by with less sleep (7 hours) and function somewhat normally if I go to bed and wake up at the same time every day, but I feel much better if I get a couple of hours more. > Not only do these type systems allow you to annotate things as "doing side effects"; they specifically disallow doing side effects unless you have annotated the thing as such. Just below the "Controlled Side Effects" heading. There are data structures that are a combination of linked and contiguous, such as the classic rope data structure. For persistent collections, a common backing data structure is the hash array mapped trie, which is basically a quickly-navigated tree of arrays. Somewhere in there is the obvious tradeoff you have to make between access time and copying time, with regards to the array length. Well, Erlang is also basically immutable at its core, and seems to do reasonably well. It's definitely not up there with C (that'd be ridiculous) but within its domain I haven't heard many performance complains either. I think that's a healthy way to view mutability. It's an amazing performance optimisation, but like any optimisation, it's not to be performed prematurely... Sure, the [unordered-containers]( https://github.com/tibbe/unordered-containers ) library is based on that IIRC, as is the [hash map in Clojure]( https://github.com/clojure/clojure/blob/master/src/jvm/cloju... ). Introverts usually get less practise at managing social situations because they need more time alone, but that doesn't mean they can't be good at being social. :) They may very well come naturally (they do for me), but they carry a cost that must be repaid later with some alone time (they do for me). I'm not using anywhere near all the neat things provided by rsync.net, and my account is like the smallest one possible, but damn am I happy to have my data there. They're super cool people even when it comes to the smallest customers. Keep up the good work! There are still some of us crazies around who take photos on film and create prints ourselves in a bathroom-turned-darkroom in our homes. Definitely gives more weight to each picture when the turnaround is weeks, and each picture requires hours of physical work. 2) is generally accomplished with marks. Press m followed by a letter to set a mark where you are, go down to wherever you want, and then you can pop back by pressing ` (backtick) followed by the letter you set for the first mark. If you want to go back and forth, you can set two marks. > The whole "file handles" can't escape a certain scope sounds like what python's with statement does. It is incredibly easy to return a file handle out of a with statement. There is nothing in place other than programmer discipline preventing you from doing so, and your program blows up in... interesting ways. > Why fmap has this law The law is the only law of fmap, which is the "structure preserving law". It means that if you apply a function to each element of the structure, you cannot change the shape of the structure. This structure preserving property means you can safely apply any function (even ones you don't know what they do) and you can be safe you're not losing information beyond what the function takes away. > It should possibly be renamed to Container or Mappable to be more in line with what general developers expect. Mappable would be a truthful name. Container is not a good name because far from all Functors are containers. You can map over a lot of things (I/O actions, functions among others) which are not intuitively "containers", unless you revise your intuition of "container" to mean "mappable". :) The good thing about calling it for what it is – Functor – is an argument commonly lifted by Edward Kmett: when you're honest about what you're dealing with, you instantly give people access to 80 years of collective knowledge about the thing. But it does give a strong hint. I personally don't prophesise somethings demise in a shorter timespan into the future than it has existed for. I find that to be a good rule of thumb. High-level programming has been around for 50ish years, so we probably won't get rid of it for at least another 50. > I was saying that it brought no great advances with respect to side effects, Really? I work with a bunch of languages that does not have controlled side effects, and controlled side effects is the single biggest thing I miss from Haskell. The uncontrolled side effects I swear over daily, if not hourly. The fact that the order in which I call functions can – undocumentedly – decide whether my program works or crashes is a ridiculous concept. The fact that if I share the wrong piece of data with another part of the application my program starts behaving erratically from having invalid data is odd. Sharing data should not feel unsafe. Changing the order of method calls should not be a threat. As long as a function gets the data it wants through explicit parameters, it should work. It shouldn't matter at which point in time I call it, because managing time is really difficult. Managing data is easy. The controlled side effects in Haskell give you a way to encode these things to give you guarantees and self-documenting code. It gives you opportunities to deal with these problems in sane ways. Refactoring Haskell code is mostly a matter of symbolic manipulation. A huge chunk of the process doesn't even require me to think about what I'm doing, because I have much more freedom when I don't have to worry about side effects myself. This is good, because I'm bad at thinking and I would like to do it as little as possible. Every single bug that have appeared in my problems have been because I'm bad at thinking. Inofficially, it has been. Technically, it's not quite true. Water has a density of 999.97 kg/m³. Capt. Warren VanderBurgh has held a bunch of lectures, some of which exist on youtube[0], where he keeps stressing this specific issue. Highly interesting stuff, even for someone like me who's basically never been in an airplane. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN41LvuSz10 As long as you start having problems as high as 35,000 feet there are surprisingly many (although vomit-inducing) ways to deal with your problems by pure physics – i.e. as long as you can use some of your control surfaces, you have a reasonable chance of surviving. The most important variables are velocity and lift vector. At 35,000 feet you have room to gain speed, and even just some of your control surfaces let you manipulate your lift vector in "unconventional" ways. When a voice in the cockpit repeats "stall. stall. stall. stall" it should be almost instinct to deal with it (whether that is forward yoke and near-0 g flying or rolling the lift vector to the side). ...unless you haven't had to fly the aircraft manually in a long time, so it's no longer instinct how it reacts to your inputs. > Even if flying is inherently complex in itself, there's almost no traffic and almost no obstacle in air. Different aircraft are by and large keeping to the same standard routes, altitudes and holding patterns, which is why mid-air collisions are a thing. (The reason they keep to standards is to make air traffic control easier.) This was the day when you learned how a huge portion of serious "hacking" is done. Taking advantage of the right older women is a very time efficient way of gaining access to systems you shouldn't have access to. If you want to know more, I can recommend The Art of Deception by Kevin Mitnick. "Hacking" is in everyday parlance not too far from "gaining unauthorised access to a technical system." Social engineering is often a very efficient alternative to rainbow tables, wiretapping, buffer overruns and other technical exploits. Real-world code (which is what most projects consist of) is rarely fully idiomatic and well-written, because it contains fixes to weird edge cases only some users experience, performance optimisations and such. I'm fairly sure there's a way to force GHC to compile "Haskell 98" code, which is the first Haskell standard and has stayed the same for 17 years now. Demos were also rarely recorded with the same precision as the live rendering. > But for anyone who already needs a laptop or a desktop ...which is basically anyone who is a white-collar worker or studying. Defcon in multiplayer is pretty darn good as well. Easily one of the best strategy games out there. > but I am at work :( You do realise that you are talking about the game with a work panic button built in, right? Weiqi is the transliteration we've arrived at now, but there have existed variants in the past. The Korean name Baduk is fairly unambiguous. Another thing to note is that the professionals that can be beaten with 4 handicap are usually pretty late in their career, and do not play as well as they did when they were in their prime. Much less at the level current pros in their prime play. > Then maybe in a few thousand years when we're a full hour out we can think about having a leap hour. If we even care, at that point. We might well have switched time keeping systems several times by then, seen massive improvements in artificial lighting and heating and such. I think that's the general idea of "what's the point of leap seconds". By the time they actually matter, we're not sure they matter anymore. It's not a backward jump – you just let the clock run a bit slower for a minute, or an hour, or whatever. Smearing the second out works for 99% of people/computers, and when it doesn't you probably have much bigger problems keeping your clocks in sync anyway, so you should be able to handle a few leap seconds too. I think the words we're really looking for are "discrete" vs "continuous". Any discrete values will be bounded by some sort of precision limit. I agree; it didn't work well on a half-small browser window. Either make it even smaller and the header goes away automatically, or open the JavaScript console and run jQuery('.site-header__wrapper').hide() No, you'll have to estimate or count manually, as it stands. An "end game now" button sounds like a reasonable fix, though. I agree. The flip side of that is that real programs are written by real humans, who have inherent limitations, that have to be reflected in the programming language somehow. ;) Haskell certainly leans more toward the "cater to the limitations of humans" end rather than the "cater to the limitations of the machine" end, which is already filled by a whole host of languages like C++, Ada, Rust, D and others. Correct. Annotations were added in 3.0 with no encouragement to use them for anything in particular, so they could observe what the community would use them for. They were just put in a dictionary attached to the function, and by inspection you could access them and do whatever the heck you wanted with them. A lot of third-party libraries cropped up that used them to type-check stuff. Type-checking was a popular enough usage for them it's official now, to help gather people under the same libraries and terminology. You can still use the annotations for other things, of course – the dictionary is still attached to the function and can be inspected as before – but if nothing else is specified, we can now assume they are type declarations. The ridiculous level of in-your-face-ness was basically the reason I switched from Windows to Linux a decade ago. I did run OS X a short stint back when it was version 10.5, and it's a shame to hear it's gone downhill since then. Water is a very good neutron regulator for fission reactions and general radiation absorbant. Not sure how it deals with fusion though (given that it contains hydrogen and a nuclear blast can probably rip apart water molecules pretty handily). Nobody really cares whether or not the button actually works, but when you say "it works" that is supposed to be a credible threat. If you think it works, then Kremlin probably thinks it works, and will think twice about nuking you in the first place. It's a deterrent, not a weapon. Yes. Their software analyses connections between people and locations in huge databases of call records, email correspondence, money transfers and so on and so forth. From a high-level point of view, the work they do appears very interesting. They really try to leverage the strengths of the computer in combination with the strengths of the human mind to provide a superior analysis. It's basically what I think will be the most fruitful (near) future of AI – intelligent human-computer interaction, rather than replacing the human wholesale. I applied for a job there for that reason, but due to an unwillingness to relocate I couldn't follow through. > The last part I interpret as something like: “the mainstream idea of shared production”, in other words, communism. This is something I love about Finnish as well. I don't know enough Finnish to say if it's a general pattern, but I've noticed that a comet is a "tail-star", a toad is a "crust-frog", the world is the "land-air" and there's a couple of other examples I've collected over the years. I'd love to learn that language. But you can. People treat the full "personal numbers" as a secret and if you can recite one, nobody will think you're anyone different. It's not meant to be this way, but in my experience it is. > ...this problem requires a scripting language... Cool, we have that in Haskell these days![1] Except, of course, it has all the good high-level stuff of Haskell, which reduces boilerplate and increases correctness. [1]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/turtle-1.2.3/docs/Turtle... > red means cancel/go back/stop/error. This is something that was learned, not something that was known by instinct. Well...[1][2] There are some precedents for red being a no-go colour even in nature. Which is likely why we use it as a stop colour. It would be interesting if someone knows of a significant number of cultures that use it as a "go ahead" colour. I mean, the samples are probably skewed because everyone has been a colony these days but still. [1]: http://www.noaa.gov/features/resources_0109/images/fire1.jpg [2]: http://museumvictoria.com.au/spidersparlour/images/en000008.... > You could invent a total different implementation for the list monad, for the maybe monad, etc (if you respect the laws). Could you show such a different implementation for either list or maybe? > Haskell is too safe. It forbids you from doing too many things that the computer can do. Computers are to computing science what telescopes are to astronomy, or something. Haskell is a great language for expressing computations, the thing CS is about. It's not meant to flip bits and observe processor states and page faults, if that is your idea of fun. That's more computer engineering stuff. But Haskell is absolutely capable of drawing pretty circles on the screen in just a couple of lines of code![1] [1]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/gloss-1.9.4.1/docs/Graph... Originally spoken as "Avoid (success at all costs)", i.e. don't sacrifice your principles just to get your 15 seconds on the stage. Now sometimes used as a joke in the alternate meaning. Except controlled side effects are a godsend, even for meat and potatoes. All three are problems with performance on a von Neumann machine. So there are three main reasons why Haskell is not a great language for expressing high-performance computation algorithms. Since CS is a branch of maths, performance isn't that big a deal; the important thing is that the result is computable. The performance may be an interesting property, but so is line count and purity and ease of writing proofs and doing analysis on the code! Speaking more pragmatically, outside of CS study, most of the programs I write do not require me to write high-performance algorithms – they tend to be very I/O bound, and call out to external libraries/services for the data crunching. When I need performance (because of course I do at times), there is an amazing library that lets me write C code in Haskell[1]. The fact that some sections of my program is performance critical doesn't mean I have to write the entire program in C. I can write just the performance critical parts in C. [1]: https://github.com/fpco/inline-c/blob/master/README.md > on the other hand it forces you to think more about whether you actually need to do something ("should this string ever be more than X bytes long? Maybe not, might as well use fixed-size array - but I should not forget to check that length!"), which I think is overall a good thing. While that certainly can't be a bad thing, you just have to keep in mind that it forces you to think about a specific set of details – the ones that matter for the machine ("how many bytes will the binary representation of this username require") – and it may fool you into forgetting to think about higher-level concerns ("Does å compare equally to å?"). How does it prevent such allocation? Can you not just mark the first read from an area to always return 0, and then allocate as soon as it happens? That also has the benefit of not having to zero anything if you're only writing to it. Isn't that just saying that calloc is compatible with lazy allocation? There are even languages without garbage collection that makes a lot of things easier than they are in C. See Ada, Rust, ~~Go~~ D and others. Surely you mean Go? There is one for Python, but it's not official. Whoops, sorry. I meant D rather than Go, but I guess that is also sorta-kinda garbage collected. Both of you make the mistake of confusing formatting with indentation. Indentation is just a tiny part of formatting. There are tools to automatically format Python (but they do obviously require that the indentation is somewhat correct before you run them) and they work fairly well. :) It had way too weak marketing. It was a top quality publication, always interesting and with great design, and it deserved way more readers. I myself only heard of it when one of my articles got featured in it. They were nice enough to give me a free year of the digital subscription and it was one of the highlights every month. This is because it was invented to be possible to use as an interactive shell. When you're working with an interactive shell, you want its language to be (at least somewhat) optimised for writeability, which by necessity means a lack of optimisation for readability. (Explicitness and some level of redundancy aid readability but hurt writeability.) Hard to interpret right... according to some people, there is actually no valid reading of it.[1] [1]: http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/www/docs/n1637.pdf The principle the above commenter refers to is known as "Easier to Ask Forgiveness than Permission", i.e. you're not meant to check preconditions – you should just try to do whatever thing you want to do, and it should signal an error if it didn't succeed. The reason for this has little to do with "clean code" and more to do with the fact that when checking preconditions, programmers have a tendency to check proxies rather than the actual thing they want to do. An an example, it is common to see the following: if not file_exists(filepath): stderr("Invalid config filepath!") config = read_file(filepath) ... This code has the glaring problem that even if the file exists , that doesn't mean you have the required permissions to read it. What you really want to do is read the config file, but you check a proxy (does the file exist at all?) as your precondition. How would you check for the right thing, that you can read the config file? Well, by trying to read the config file, of course! try: config = read_file(filepath) except IOError: # can make this more fine-grained stderr("Invalid config filepath!") This is longer code (one extra line, gasp!) but it avoids the problem of checking the wrong precondition which is so easy to do by mistake. You may have heard of this concept in a different situation – e-mail validation. A lot of people go to great lengths to validate e-mail addresses by regex. Even if the address is perfectly conforming and passes the regex with flying colours it might not lead to an inbox. To really verify that the user can receive e-mail at the address they've specified, guess what you have to do? Send an e-mail and ask them to confirm they got it. It's the only way. Though exercising is not valuable because we need it, it's valuable because it keeps you healthy. I'm not sure how much evidence there is that maths keep you healthy. Sure, if you enjoy it, but if you hate it? At least exercise keeps you healthy even if you hate it. Doing things because they might be healthy is a pretty bad reason to do things. See also: alternative medicine. For computer people, 16×18 is easily split into 16×20 - 16×2, which in turn is 320 - 32. If you don't know instinctively that 16×2 is 32 it might be a bit harder though. This is probably where I get bonus nerd points, but even before smartphones, it wasn't a huge hassle to carry a small slide rule. It still isn't. I can imagine that. Me and my mom are of the calculating kind so when I visit over holidays it's not uncommon we sling a bunch of numbers back and forth over the dinner table to figure something out, and after we're done my dad and sister ask how we arrived at the third number from the first two. But in more "normal" social contexts, what tends to happen is one of the people involved sit with a digital calculator and input the things other people ask for. It's a bit slower, but the results are just as good. I am terrible with remembering a bunch of facts, but I'm pretty good at working things out from basic principles. It's funny because many of my friends look at me figuring something out from basic principles and they think it looks like so much work – then they go back to taking a few hours to memorise things they could just as well work out from basic principles! Who's doing the work now? I guess we both are, only I postpone it to when I really need it. So this is where I saw this. I distinctly remember seeing this feature in Perl many years ago, but then when I tried to find it I really, really couldn't, so I assumed it was something I had dreamt up. However ridiculous it sounds, a weight is lifted from my chest. It depends on how you use it! If you use it to acquire the resource, as in with open(fn, 'r'): ... then generally the answer is no, since that is the same thing as the equivalent `try…finally`. If someone removes the file after it's being opened it will not be completely wiped until it's closed. This is even better highlighted by something like the GHC compiler, which compiles Haskell to (ultimately) machine code, because it does this in several steps: 1. As a first step, it "transpiles" Haskell to the very similar high-level intermediate language called Core. I could read and write programs in Core without too much effort because it's still a very high-level language. 2. Then it "transpiles" the Core code to the not significantly lower level STG source code – human readable, but starts dealing in a little lower-level stuff and contains much fewer bells and whistles. I'd prefer not to work in STG, but I totally could if I had to. 3. After this, it again "transpiles" the STG source code to the C-- (C-minus-minus) intermediate language, which is decidedly low-level (slightly lower level than regular C code), but there's still a clear and relatively simple translation between STG and C--. 4. As a final step, it "transpiles" the C-- source code to assembly (a closer match than you may think, coming from C), which can be assembled into machine code. At no point in this pipeline is there a significant magic translation being made – despite the fact that Haskell is probably one of the most high-level languages we know and machine code is as low-level as you get. ...of a user's public activity. Also a useful indicator of whether or not a user is likely to respond to PRs or issues even if the project you're looking at itself is a low-traffic project. I'm currently (finally!) reading 2001 . I was half a page from the end of a chapter when my train was seconds from stopping where I wanted to get off. Thanks to speed reading, I could finish the chapter and put the book down in my bag before leaving the train! "Burns really fast" is literally the definition of a chemical explosion. 1990 means basically "they didn't even have digital cameras". In the context, that is not recent at all. Don't know if you're sarcastic, but a longbow doesn't have layers of wood to glue together. That's the difference between a simple bow and a composite bow. I think this article blows past several important points – perhaps unknowingly. 1. Sure, tic-tac-toe is a fantastic game for someone who needs to learn the "rewards of thinking ahead and taking the opponent’s strategy into account". Game enthusiasts (or indeed anyone above the age of 12) are very unlikely to need this lesson. 1> However, there is an interesting variant of tic-tac-toe[1] so disregarding the game completely isn't fair either. 2. People don't dislike Monopoly because it has dice. Risk has dice, and is incredibly popular. People dislike Monopoly because it is designed to be a game that is not fun to play for all but one player . 2> The game was designed as an anti-capitalist, anti-monopolist lesson.[2] When the rules are set up just right, only one person will be the winner and the other people will spiral into a negative feedback loop and quickly run out of all their money. That's the entire premise of the game: if you have a lot of money you can easily get more. Of course a game which is designed to distress 3/4 people playing in a session is not going to be very highly rated. That said, I do think there is one popular game that gets very little respect from (at least western) game enthusiasts: go[3]! Probably known in these circles as "the game computers can't yet beat top humans in" it's an abstract strategy game for two players (like chess) – with incredibly simple rules. You can learn the rules in a few minutes (literally) but it will take you weeks to even start feeling like you know what you are doing, and years before you're competent. The strategic and tactical depth is vast, much deeper than any other game I've tried. [1]: http://mathwithbaddrawings.com/2013/06/16/ultimate-tic-tac-t... [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_board_game_Mono... [3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game) > For monopoly, a big crime is that it takes a long time to lose. You can spend an hour with no chance of winning, kept alive only by random chance. ...and when the first player loses, they have to sit by and idly watch while one player gains a larger and larger advantage, only waiting for the rest to lose. Especially with the modern variants in play in competitive games, such as en passant capture and the like. Many fairly enthusiastic chess players aren't exactly sure what all the rules are. The rules are simple and clear – their consequences are not. The game ends when both players have passed in succession. Each player may pass whenever they want. That's it. It's super clear. Figuring out when you can safely pass? That takes years of study. But essentially it is a strategic decision, not part of the rules. You can pass throughout the entire game, it would just be a really dumb strategy. Regular players make counting points more advanced than it has to be in the interest of speed (similar to how mental maths tricks can be very advanced ways of computing simple sums or products). The score is determined by the number of pieces you can put down on the board. That's it. (From this follows, of course, that empty intersection your opponent has solidly surrounded is probably not going to count toward your score because your opponent can kill whatever you try to play in there.) IIRC it as invented to get the rooks out on the board quicker. Normally, it takes like four moves to properly get them out there (1. move pawn out of the way, 2. move rook ahead, 3. slip rook out through the side, 4. move rook onto the board.) With castling you can greatly reduce this if you've opened up the middle already. x = 3 print(x) x = "hello" print(x) Not possible with static typing and type inference (which is static typing without annotation) but done all the time with dynamic typing. (Though still not a good idea, in my mind, but to each their own.) Erlang is popularly used with an external static type checker, the Dialyzer. I agree. The first question I ask is "What is the data?" and the second, just as important question, I ask is "How is it used?" I may be biased, but seriously? Go is like on the very very super-primitive end of that scale. Only something like C is more primitive. Java has a more powerful type system! (Standard) Haskell isn't even near the most powerful extreme. I'm assuming you're talking about heterogenous collections, which while totally possible with powerful static type systems, I'd consider not to be a great idea. If even I don't know what's in my collections now (if I knew I could model it in the type system – it takes 30 seconds at most), how on Earth is my successor going to know in six months time? Heterogenous collections are a maintenance nightmare. I have only ever seen them used in a way where they should be refactored first thing in the morning. That is not particularly scary though. That's the kind of thing a user will automatically press "next" on. This is the kind of warning that looks scary: http://i.stack.imgur.com/2kaXO.png With HTTPS, multiple different sites will have different "hashes" sent anyway, so no, it's not an improvement over just good ol' HTTPS. You're absolutely right that it takes a bunch of time to set Emacs up initially. I took a week off work for unrelated reasons and spent a few evenings of that time to set up Emacs with evil-mode and it was totally worth it. However, I did put off doing it for over a year before that, because I didn't have the time to spend. An important realisation was that I only need my Emacs to do the basic Vim things and then some extensions I commonly use. At that point, I can survive using only Emacs and building onto it as I feel like I need something. I've always found the story about the British bomber airplanes during world war two to be a powerful illustration of this. When the bomber airplanes returned from Germany, some were quite badly shot up. They were riled with bullet holes in the tail and wings. In the interest of ensuring more successful bombing runs, the air force naturally wanted to put more armour on these parts that were always so badly shot up. ...but that's not going to do any good. Airplanes that are shot in the tail quite obviously are able to complete their mission and return home, since you're able to observe them. The airplanes that had bullet holes all over their cockpit never returned. This is where the extra armour is needed. You draw by clicking and dragging with your left mouse button. Instead of a line you get text. Text size (aka line thickness) depends on cursor speed, so faster dragging means larger text size. > I guess some people just can't get by without the iron hand of the compiler Hey, Haskell and Scala exist! The drawback with Capture Go is that it emphasises the capturing part perhaps a bit too much. I prefer introducing players to a variant with the same rules as capture go, except the winning condition is "having the most pieces on the board". This is essentially the same thing as regular go, but without all the fuffing about with learning scoring and such. When played on a small enough board, the games take about as long time as capture go games. No, that's what they're saying. Take any invention and you can break it down into just a slight improvement of the sub-inventions it consists of. A light bulb is just a metal wire encased in a non-flammable gas and you run electricity through it. It was long known that things get hot when you run electricity through them, and that hot things burst into fire, and that you can prevent fire by removing oxygen, and that glass is transparent. It's not a big deal to combine these components. A lot of people still celebrate it as a great invention, and in my opinion it is! Think about how inconvenient gas lighting is and how much better electrical light is. Same thing with AlphaGo. Sure, if you break it down to its subcomponents it's just clever application of previously known techniques, like any other invention. But it's the result that makes it cool, not how they arrived at it! All algorithms are incremental improvements of existing techniques. This isn't a card you can use to diminish all progress as "just a minor improvement what's the fuss". Sure, but when you say "tree search" people think of the traditional kind of expert system-based tree search. Traditional tree search methods prune trees by approximating subtrees according to some very specific rules decided on by human experts. This means in a tree search system, the computer cannot actually evaluate a position any better than the humans that designed it. The way it performs better is by running very many of these evaluations deep down in the tree. When you're talking about some other kind of evaluation function, such as Monte Carlo rollouts, you usually prefix that to the tree search (in the case of Monte Carlo rollouts, "Monte Carlo tree search" or MCTS) to indicate that besides the basic fundamental task common to almost all AIs (finding the optimal branches in a decision tree) it functions completely differently from the expert systems. So is the case with this program, which (in a first pass) approximates subtrees by a trained neural net, rather than Monte Carlo rollouts or an expert system. So using terminology that suggests classical expert system tree search is bound to cause confusion (as you noticed). Besides trap-laying, there's also a second useful "surprise" factor: your opponent is likely to have spent time on your clock to read out follow-ups to your most likely move. By throwing in an unlikely (but still good!) move you're forcing them to expend time on their clock to re-think their follow-ups. One thing that's cool about Go is that the pieces get their value and power not from the rules, but from how they are used. In an actual game of Go, you will find groups of ten pieces that are casually thrown away, and you will find single pieces that the whole game revolve around. In the rulebook, they are the same piece, but in actual effort expended to save/attack them, you'll see they're valued vastly differently. This happens in chess too, of course, but in Go their value is decided only based on how they are used. The sophistication is about the same, but the rules are simpler. Depending on which level you want to put the game at, you can either say that ko = draw or quickly explain how something like PSK works. Interesting! I was also at a Montessori school but we had plenty of homework. Granted, it wasn't a big deal if you didn't do it every now and then, but you were expected to complete the majority of it. Either way, I think your social position shows through in your reasoning. Being able to learn programming or tinker with chemistry kits at least to a point requires parents that encourage and/or support that kind of pastime. A lot of kids don't have that, and will simply not be exposed to the existence of programming and chemistry kits. (Books are generally more accessible, but there's also something to be said for parents encouraging and supporting reading – the people I know who like to read also have parents who like to read, and the people I know who don't like to read have parents who also never read, for what it's worth.) Impossible for anyone of us to know. The Google people might know, but it's in there interest to not present AlphaGo as clearly superior because an even game attracts more views. Pitch it as a creativity game rather than a logic game. I mean, it's a little bit of both, right? I can't find the source now, but I remember reading a while ago that a team of go players is, perhaps contrary to intuition, not significantly better than their strongest individual alone. There's just no useful way to "pool" human thinking power and redistribute it to where it's needed the most – all the players will simultaneously consider the same branches. At best you reduce the risk of making a silly mistake, but sitting pros are already pretty good at that. In the mid-game – and hell, even in the early end-game – the search space is still too big to practically exhaust the useful branches with MCTS. Keep in mind "mid-game" in Go means there's still over 100 moves left in the game – well longer than a full chess game. I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm just saying I don't agree with your motivation. I'm fairly certain that among the many thousands of high-level games from KGS AlphaGo was trained on, several opened tengen and 5,5. That said, Fan Hui did better against AlphaGo in the inofficial blitz games they played! Just as arbitrary. Unless you're a self-sustaining vegan, you're costing a lot of energy even to just get you the few thousands of kcal your metabolism consumes. Unless you're not counting support systems, in case it becomes very complicated to calculate and decide exactly which energy expenses are for support systems and which are directly integral for function. There's a good reason for that: there is no game on Friday. Next game is Saturday, and they may or may not broadcast that. Andrew is ready, but he needs a pro or otherwise really skilled player to provide high-level commentary. Hyungwan who did it the last two games will not be available. That's actually a really interesting idea. At this point you're basically replacing the "policy" neural network in AlphaGo with biological human neural networks. Also it's very likely if the human played stronger in the last match, the computer also would have stepped up. Computers tend to sacrifice points (i.e. "big leads") for assured victory, so unless the human is stronger than the computer, you cannot know it's true potential. Each one needn't give a 9 dan response. Each person gives one response to the best of their ability, and scores the situation on a scale of like 1–100. Collect all the responses and distribute the new board situations over the same – or a different – group of people. The score is mostly used to value the quality of previous moves. If a branch leads from a situation most people rated as 60 to a situation where most people rate 10 it's not a good branch. That's exactly it. The difference, as far as I have understood it, is that there was a similar move that is typical, but in that particular situation, pretty simple reasoning (of the highly abstract "if this then that so this must lead to that" sense) leads a human to conclude that this version of the move is superior. So while atypical in the sense of "occurring infrequently", it was not a difficult move to find for a player of that level – all the pro commentators saw it pretty much right away. This might be the one weakness of AlphaGo, which is interesting. https://online-go.com/learn-to-play-go May need an account, but registration takes 5 seconds (you just type in your desired username and password). It puts you through 10 simple lessons and then lets you play a really easy computer opponent. The general principle is that captures aren't actually worth a whole lot. Territory (area under your control) is where it's at. If a capture is a means of getting more territory, that's grand, but on it's own it's not worth much at all. Does this help your self diagnosis? If the computer ignored a capture it's because it didn't actually lead to a lot of territory gained, whereas whatever move it played probably did. You can change stuff without flushing the current contents, but previous contents may leave a weak trace when you do so. It's why Kindles have a setting to flush the screen every three pages or something; a decent compromise between ghosting and refresh rate. I want one too. Suddenly, I know what I'd do if I won the lottery. > There are only three notification states ...and they apply equally to all channels. I'm in the company "what to get for lunch" channel, but I do not ever want notifications from that channel unless someone specifically mentions me. I don't even want to see there are unread messages in it. Can I configure this? Of course not. I also don't want to receive any notifications from some bot users. Can I ignore notifications specifically from particular users? Of course not. And don't get me started on searching. I want a simple incremental search in the current buffer, ideally regex capable. Why does it have to open a god damned sidebar that doesn't even fit in the window to show the results? Actually, the whole thing about how incredibly inefficiently it uses the screen space it's given is a real bother. I disliked Skype for taking up way too much space, but Slack is even worse! I realise most of these complaints are about the official client but it's provided as a part of the service and there aren't many alternatives yet, which is a problem with the service. Thanks! Is this a new feature? I tried searching for it a couple of months ago and didn't find anything. I'd still like to get notifications when I'm specifically mentioned (but not when @everybody is) but this is better than nothing. > it's easily conceivable that Lee Sedol has reviewed on the order of 100k games. ...but highly unlikely. In the best case, that works out to something like reviewing 10 new games every single day. If a game takes 1 hour to properly review, and a person needs 8 hours of sleep, that leaves just 6 hours in a day to eat, manage hygiene, exercise, be with family, travel to competitions, play yourself and do all kinds of other studies you need to. Well... It's really icky to punish someone for doing something that wasn't a crime at the time and place it was done. If you create a law that prohibits visiting a park at night, you shouldn't retroactively punish half the population for having visited a park at night. This stuff is UN human rights stuff, and often the norm in sensible justice systems. Drawing on this, it's not currently illegal to publish a warrant canary. If it's not illegal, you can't be punished for it now. If you can't be punished for it now, in a sensible justice system, you can't be punished for it down the road either, as long as you stop doing it before it becomes illegal. What they could argue is that by ceasing to publish the canary, you're committing the crime of communicating something you're not allowed to communicate. That , however, skirts dangerously close to forcing someone to lie. It's probably not 10k, but it's on the order of 10k, i.e. somewhere between 10,000 and 99,999. > you setting up a system that you know will either force you to lie, or to break a court order by communicating something you were ordered not to. Which is not illegal, and therefore cannot be punished. I wouldn't be surprised if they make warrant canaries illegal (they are already in Australia?) for this reason, and it sorta kinda makes sense, but it also sucks. Edit: though I guess you could argue that "preparing to break a court order" is some sort of crime, but 1. It's in this case equivalent to making warrant canaries illegal, and 2. Laws that are punished only occasionally are the scariest thing. Also starting bounties (which some users tend to do quite liberally when their curiosity is piqued by some question) loses you reputation. You're joking, but it's true. It's the same thing with any poweruser tool, like Vim and tiling window managers. You can accomplish surprisingly difficult tasks in just a few keystrokes, but you can also destroy everything just as easily. I don't mind being harassed for preferring Emacs over Vim – it's a choice, after all. I can argue rationally for why you are wrong if you contradict me. I do mind being harassed for being a man rather than a woman – that's not something I chose. I was born that way. I can't change that nor can I argue rationally for why I decided to be that way. > My impression is that they fear falling on their faces more than I do. Part of that, I'm sure, is just that online, I think, people are just meaner to women. Part of that is also that women, in general, are much more sensitive to how other people perceive them; what their social "status" is. This can possibly be explained by their (prehistorical) roles as primary caretakers and being the "social glue" of small tribes. It could very well be deeply rooted in their biology. With that said, I don't think it's relevant in this case. There are many other lines of work where women are in the majority where it's also easy to repeatedly fall on your face. > What about those who are of a different gender/sex than they were born? What about people who choose to change their gender? If you actually speak to these people, they will inform you they didn't "change" their gender. What you are referring to is the practise of fixing the body to conform to the expectations of the gender they were born with . That is really weird. Technically the content is there all along (so it's not loaded in by JavaScript) but you still have to have JavaScript enabled for it to render. Who designed that!? Edit: hahaha what. It appears the content is laid out with JavaScript. So basically they're using JavaScript as a more dynamic CSS. Let that sink in. They're using JavaScript as CSS. It sorta-kinda makes sense for the fancy stream of comments but still... why is it a requirement!? Forces you to take your hands off the keyboard. Well... My mom did teach me DOS, and programming, and a lot of other things – but these days she doesn't have that kind of patience anymore. If things don't work right away, out the window they go. For a lot of people the patience with technology decreases as they age. I will never stop being impressed when people throw around (relatively) advanced technical terms they've learned... by playing video games, whether it's economy from Eve online or rocket engineering from Kerbal Space Program. > no doubt he had made sure before asking Technically no need for that. If someone ends up having it, you just log off that server and try a different one. Pretend it was a disconnect or something. Who'd ever know what you were trying to do? Generics in Java? Anonymous functions in Java? Most everything in Java? Completely oblivious about Go, but can you not provide a key function to the sorter that reaches into the struct and pulls out the field you want to sort on? (And presumably explodes in some spectactular fashion if it doesn't exist.) Or is that the "unsafe" reflection you're talking about? If by "sane" you mean "tedious and manual", sure... ;) There's a scale of how manage-y window managers are. Oldschool floating WMs are very manual in that you have to position and size each window on your own. i3 improves a lot on that by offering some automation, as long as the user still provides the basic idea of where to split and so on. Other WMs like xmonad, dwm et al. automatically position and size windows according to pre-defined layouts, which can be tweaked dynamically. The maintainer of Amethyst is an awesome person too. Amethyst is honestly the single thing that makes OS X tolerable for me. That said, it's nowhere near as good as a real tiling WM. There are still the technical limitations of the OS X system to fight. Screenshots for a Window manager is pretty useless. I mean, it's just application windows. A window manager itself is not graphically visible. The only way you see it is in how it positions windows based on your commands. To be fair, I haven't set a foot in my university for 3 years (planning to return soon!) but since I still send them the occasional email asking to be registered for a course I'm considered active there and get access to a lot of publications as long as I'm logged in to their systems. The laws are silly, I think we all agree on that. The big record labels are silly, most of us probably agree on that too. It still feels wrong when popular artists do not get paid for their work because it's more convenient for people to pirate it. I mean, creative/artistic efforts take a lot of time, regardless of how easy reproducible the results are. By paying for their previous songs, you're basically funding their next songs, something you should be interested in as a fan. All things have a constant speed in spacetime: the speed of light. If you stand completely still, you travel through time at "the speed of light". If you start moving faster in space, you'll lose a similar amount of speed in time. Go fast enough, and your life will pass in slow-motion. Go at the speed of light and your time stops. Go faster than the speed of light, and your time will start going backwards. Since you can't get out of a black hole normally, the only way to get out is by reversing time. I.e., going faster than light might be an option to get out of a black hole. Of course, doing so is nonsense, but the maths work out. I genuinely did not know that was the correct spelling. Thanks! 10/10 bug report. I'm sometimes called to attend meetings to act as a "tech advisor" – in case any technical questions arise they know I'm physically there so they can grill me all they like. Most of the time, I don't say a word during the whole meeting other than "Hello, my name is so-and-so and I'm a software developer at the company" and then "It was a pleasure meeting you, looking forward to next time!". I just quietly work away in a corner, pretending to take notes. The project managers feel more confident when they know I'm there, so I can be there just as well as anywhere else. As long as you're not expected to be actively participating, there's no harm in not being actively participating. Elaboration: the number of rules in .gitignore files scale pretty linearly with the number of options you have for tooling. If there are lots of tools that work with your language, your .gitignore template will be big. If there is only one or a few tools, your .gitignore template will be small. Whether or not "language complexity" correlates with "number of options for tooling" is left as an exercise for the reader. Personally, I think there's an argument to be made for popular languages having more tooling options... Thanks for reminding me about this. I both "umm" too much and speak too fast. I should be able to fix both! The `clean_xxx` method will be called when the `xxx` field needs to be cleaned. If you rename the `xxx` field and forget to similarly rename the `clean` method... sucks to be you! The same thing goes for a bunch of the `ContentType` stuff where you address specific instances generically using the string `applabel.modelname.id`. Edit: Oops, misread. This is Django specifically, not Python generally. The ability to more quickly recognise shapes when they are visually distinct, compared to when they are visually similar, is not a cultural or habitual thing. I'm sure a Chinese person can read Chinese faster than I can, but that doesn't mean they wouldn't benefit from more visually distinct characters. Contrary to popular belief, companies do not want people to misuse their products or break their license agreement simply because they didn't understand the implications of it. A happy customer is a returning customer. A customer accidentally breaking an agreement is not a happy customer. "Now client is being a bitch." The recommended way to use shorthand is still to take condensed, summary notes, like with longhand. The difference is you're not missing anything being said while your write down the thing. It's a little like being able to type fast as a programmer: useful despite typing being only 5% of programming, because it lets you transfer your thoughts faster, so you can focus on the next thought sooner. Depending on what you mean by "anything technical", I seriously doubt that. Shorthand dominated the world of commerce and law for a long time, and it's not like they don't use a bunch of jargon too. Just come up with (or find someone elses invention of) the important abbreviations and you're all set. A propely written shorthand note should be readable by other people. Journalists are in some countries required by law to keep their shorthand notes for a certain amount of time, so they can be used as evidence in court (and then obviously read by an uninterested third party.) If you have to write really, really quickly, then yes, typing your notes up properly soon afterward is a good idea. If you aren't under any sort of time pressure and just casually note things down, you should be able to read it years or decades later. I don't know specifically about Gregg, but shorthand systems tend to have some sort of mechanism for disambiguating when confusion is possible (i.e. when both "bed" and "bud" works in the context, you might want to write out the vowel). Part of being a skilled shorthand user is in knowing instinctively when these confusions can arise and using the disambiguation mechanism. The difference is that if you're anonymously mailing ants to a person you're doing it out of malice. The bad person is the person directly responsible for sending the ants out. The company doesn't want to mail ants to the wrong people, but they have no safeguards against it either. They're not acting out of malice, but they're peforming a malign action anyway. They're relying on your good spirit to ensure the ants end up in the right place. This is also why, e.g., ants basically never die when you drop them. Also helps cats. I'm surprised you managed to make it that complicated! http://pastebin.com/fck8qkMc Run it in Python 3. There is no difference to the victim, but there is a difference to the company. In one case they are guilty of shipping live ants to an unsuspecting victim, and in the other case they're not even related to the incident. It is as they say: every problem can be solved with an additional level of indirection... except the problem of too many levels of indirection. Granted, ABS invalidates the following argument a little, but not entirely. The traditional wisdom when faced with bad road conditions and an impending accident is that maintaining control through steering is much preferable to braking, which lowers the speed with which you can manoeuvre out of the situation. It all depends so much on various variables so I find it hard to categorically say "it should always be on." What? Are they actually suggesting you can read the newspaper while driving, as long as you have auto-throttle, auto emergency braking and lane keeping on? This is the way I've said it too, but "sequelite" is too good to give up on. > (It's historically rhymed with couple) So it's true! It is pronounced with a short initial syllable. I've always pronounced it along the lines of toople. They even serve different images with different colours on each refresh! Horses are absolutely beautiful, loving, intelligent, fragile, kind and elegant creatures, so I won't hold that against you. That said, my soft spot from horses (which I otherwise have little mental connection to) probably comes from growing up around them. Oh, don't get me started on this stuff: https://youtu.be/xIoRWIgzvbM or this: https://youtu.be/aoNSBPhaDjM . I guess it's something about the combination of engineering marvels and how deadly everything is. Isn't it, in practise, basically the same thing though? The theoretical difference is this: 1. Option is a regular data type/object that represents "a collection of at most one value". It's similar to a list, set, heap, tree or whatever other collection types you have, except it can not contain more than one value. 2. With explicit nulls I guess any data type (e.g. Integer) will automatically get a clone of itself (a different type named Integer?) where also null is a valid member. From a purely theoretical standpoint, I like #1 better. The arguments I've heard against checked exceptions are that they're hard to compose. If you write the `send_mail` procedure you might only want it to throw `MailException`s of various kinds. But if you use a TCP procedure inside, you'll have to declare `send_mail` to also throw `ConnectionError`s, thus revealing its implementation. To correctly hide/abstract over the implementation, you have to internally catch any `ConnectionError`s thrown by the TCP procedure, and re-throw them as `MailException`s. That's a lot of manual work that shouldn't be needed. Another similar problem is what someone else mentioned: if you don't actually know which specific exceptions your method can throw until runtime, what do you declare? ---- Note that this is also the case for some "null alternatives" . Sure, the `Option`/`Maybe` type is easy to compose, but as soon as you start inserting error information in there (with an `Either` type) you run into some of the same problems. This is acknowledged by language communities where that is practised, and some of them prefer unchecked exceptions to `Either`-style types for that reason. > I should mention that reading lots of "poor books" is also part of literacy Thanks for mentioning that. I've been looking for a reason to read "poor books" for a long time (much to the frustration of people around me, who want me to "just read it, who cares"), and this makes sense to me. (I'm not starstruck in the slightest, by the way...) On a completely different spin: any tips for becoming good at the game? I can't even pass level two, and I've already exhausted my (very limited) mental QM book. Thanks, that helped a lot! I also felt really clever when I realised that if there's a "Collapse 5%" trigger zone I barely have to do anything other than nudge the wave in the right direction when some parts of it are near the collapse trigger. =) "Would you get Andrew into my office, please?" is a great way of not having to communicate on the noisy floor. I really like this crude PRNG algorithm. Now I also have a reason to learn the multiplication table. Or at least the sixths column. I'm not sure there has to be anything odd going on. If you hit both keys at the same time, you can never produce the same letter three times in a row – which is extremely predictable! I find it amazing too. At the moment, I'm totally into shorthand writing, i.e. the sets of symbols secretaries and other writing people had to come up with to be able to write faster with pen and paper back in the day. It's just something really cool about a completely different "language" that's shared by a few people who'll know exactly why it's used and mostly learned out of necessity. Question not covered by the FAQ: for the mathematically lazy, what kind of size are we looking at in terms of "oh by" code space? How many documents can be stored until codes become too long to store in the (human) working memory? Will there be an option to generate a code "long enough" that it can not easily be brute force guessed? The huge difference between Haskell and the other two (that isn't in libraries) is that Haskell has controlled side effects, whereas side effects are uncontrolled in the other two (and virtually all other languages...) That, at least to me, is way more interesting/important than libraries, which can always be ported or otherwise interfaced with. So for someone completely uninitiated: what's the smallest and cheapest possible step into this world? I'm not ready to dive into it fully, but I feel like a good first step might be to just get portable, cheap equipment that lets me tune in and listen to broadcasts on various frequencies. Does my thinking make sense? Background: I have ADHD so I have to force myself to not jump in at the deep end whenever I hear of something novel and cool. Thanks! I'm well aware I'm not legally allowed to transmit and don't plan to either. I'm just fascinated by the prospect of receiving invisible waves and having them translated into sound in my hand. Can I read somewhere about which frequencies are used by ham operators, and descriptions of things like UHF and VF and narrowband and such? Okay this is surprisingly captivating. I didn't think something "on the web" would be as good as the real deal, but I've been stuck with this for 30 minutes. Currently tuned in to a couple of Russians talking while I do the last bit of work for the night. (I don't know Russian so the static on the air plus the foreign language is a nice background noise.) This is known as the Texas sharpshooter fallacy. We observe one out of a billion unlikely events and – after the fact – draw our bullseye around that observation and say "what are the odds the particular thing under our bullseye happened?" Of course, it's probabilistically invalid to decide on the target after you've observed which event actually occurred. Feynman exemplified this as > You know, the most amazing thing happened to me tonight... I saw a car with the license plate ARW 357. Can you imagine? Of all the millions of license plates in the state, what was the chance that I would see that particular one tonight? Amazing! If Feynman had walked into the parking lot with no prior knowledge of it and said "car number 5 on my right will have the license plate ARW 357" then this truly would have been amazing. But given that he saw the license plate first, it's not as amazing anymore. The same principle applies whenever someone says "Of all the mates my ancestors could have met, they met the specific configuration of mates which produced me as an offspring, several generations down the line. What are the odds?" Well... that was kind of bound to happen. There were billions of possible offspring that didn't happen! One of them had to happen for anyone to be able to say that. See also: weak anthropic principle. I think an easier strategy might be to work into your contract that if you happen to fix FOSS software on company time (to fix things your client notices), your patches go back upstream. This, at least, is the implicit policy at the company I work for. It's used in the pitch ("we use and contribute to open source software, which we believe leads to a better internet" and so on) to the clients who appreciate such things. That said, there might be too much legal tape to get that into a contract. Going along with the metaphor of the submission: sure, in the same way you can plant a solar cell on your roof and get "free energy" from the light pollution during the night if you live in a city. Or, literally, the energy is way too low to benefit from it. Sure, the TV might blanket space with a few watts of interference, but going by the law of quadratic decay that's not worth much at distance. All this noise does is prevent observation of low-energy signals. It does not contribute to a high-energy signal itself. (Goes for both light pollution and RF noise.) Edit: unless, of course, you mean we can "harvest" this free energy by making our appliances conform to regulations, in which case it's an obvious yes. We're nowhere near "extreme" levels of noise yet, thankfully. Extreme levels of noise will – just like audio noise – cancel out any signal you're trying to emit. That's a real problem because everything communicates by radio these days. But even though we're nowhere near extreme levels, this still causes problems in some areas of the world. I don't remember the specifics, but some train-related communications system where I live uses a part of the spectrum that's apparently very busy. This means the train drivers often have to rely on the civilian cell phone system to communicate, which in an emergency will be absolutely swamped and really hard to use. This is my intuition as well, because at a distance r around the source you have a sphere, and the area of the sphere will relate to the radius r as r ^-2. That said, the equation linked in the comment does indeed contain an r^-3 factor. I don't know if it's cancelled out by something else – my physics game isn't strong enough. > when the wifi gets unusually frisky the bluetooth drops out Oh so that is why my bluetooth audio gets choppy when I walk past the wifi access point in the hallway? I've never even thought about that before other than been annoyed by it. How utterly inconvenient that they occupy the exact same frequencies. I should probably get a 5 GHz wifi access point... Which is by design, because otherwise the national, supposedly independent radio would be sockpuppets of the current government. My issue is money and space. I'd like to cram it into the same tiny little box that already houses the fibre-to-ethernet converter as well as the router. I'm also not sure if it would penetrate the walls and reach all rooms. Not at all. Syntax is only the first step. Then comes imperativeness. If you can't write what's essentially Java code in its syntax, it's not going to be a thing. > The point is the class made him care about typography and he pushed so Apple computers would have good-looking text. > As opposed to Windows, which did not at the time. And to a point, this is still true. It's surprisingly hard to get good text rendering in terminal emulators on Windows and Linux. I still have to settle for "good enough" rather than the "stellar" I can get on my OS X machine. Bluetooth is using the very same microwaves (much like wifi), so yes. You be the judge of that. Compare e^(iπ) = -1 to e^(iτ) = 1. The whole business of re-writing the identity as e^(iπ) + 1 = 0 is nothing but a hack to get around the weirdness of π as a constant. > You don't. If something is impeding you, calmly tell someone who can help that you're having trouble doing something because of XYZ. Or, even better, ask what you can do to help with getting XYZ done.