Agreed. Totally open office sounds like a disaster. I'm on a team of about 10 people, mostly developers, with a few QA specialists mixed. 3 are remote. At my office, we have normal cubes on the first floor. But, we spend 90% of our work hours in a "lab" on the second floor. The lab has one central conference table, so we're all facing each other. So, if we need quiet time to talk on the phone or concentrate, we go downstairs. But, the default for most of the developers is upstairs. Our analyst splits about 50/50. I really like this arrangement. I find I'm LESS distracted when I'm working in a group, even it we're just sitting around the table and not actually talking or pair programming. Of course, we can also work from home should the need arise. Overall, my employer is pretty flexible about all of this. Correct. PG County is only "low income" relative to its neighbors. If memory serves, it's the wealthiest majority minority county in the nation. Keurig machine in the kitchen here. I'm sure it offends the coffee-snobs, but it works for me (I drink tea, not coffee, so just use it for hot water). "My feeling is that consumers are so used to weird domains at this point that nobody really cares about particular domains..." I'd love to see some research indicating this is true. While I certainly am used to "weird domains", I still often default to .com when trying to find things. If I want to look at Ford's current line-up, my first instinct would be to try ford.com. Of course, that fails spectacularly when searching for Nissan cars. But will Israeli security practices scale? Ben Gurion served a bit over 13 million passengers in 2012. JFK served over 47 million. Sure, but it's located below the donation section, which still claims to be ad free. And the site itself is JAMMED with affiliate links disguised as pretty pictures. She can justify it however she wants, but at the end of the day, she's misleading readers (IMO). I'm pretty sure he's saying the guy/gal working from home with 4 kids running around can't be a productive employee. Which is probably true for most cases. Kids can be a giant distraction. "People said the same thing about the huge, bulky cell phones that came out in the 1980s." And, I can count the number of people I knew with those early, bulky cell phones on my fingers and toes. It wasn't until the smaller, cheaper cell phones of the 90s that everybody had one. Will Google Glass lead to something useful? Perhaps. But, will it be a game-changer today? I doubt it. And he's correct about speech interfaces. So far, all of the readily available consumer versions are horrible. "pot use in Silicon Valley... is lower than average. I've seen ... employees openly smoked pot in the office, ...pot smoked at parties etc. and a handful of friends smoke" Based on my experience in the DC metro area, pot use in Silicon Valley is FAR higher than here. Aside from a few friends who smoked in the their teens and early-20s, I don't see it much at all. Maybe DC is even lower than average because of the high concentration of government jobs (and the accompanying clearance process)? Yeah, I don't get it. It sounds like a noisy restaurant. clang bash bang The few people I know who have spent time in Amsterdam also had the same comment. To the point that it was a running joke. Yes. In the last decade or so, the Virginia DMV has been painless for typical tasks. Most common tasks can be performed online - registration, license renewal, even obtaining titles after paying off loans (assuming the dealer/bank held the title electronically). The few times I've had to show up in person, I've been in and out in 30 minutes or less. Question... How do YOU choose the wines you buy? I enjoy a good wine, but never bothered refining my taste for regions, pairings, etc. Instead, I found a good, local wine shop. When I need a bottle, I just ask for what I want... "something to go with a duck dinner", "something to drink on a hot, summer night", etc. So far, they haven't let me down. I probably average $20/bottle - certainly more than strictly necessary for a good bottle - but I figure it's almost guaranteed I'll enjoy the bottle, and it's going to a local, family business, so I'm ok with that. I'll give the benefit of the doubt, and assume "low cost labor" is something close to "first year employee wages". And, not every smart kid is cut out for starting a business. I wasn't. Too risk averse. I like to build software, I'm pretty good at it, but much prefer the comfort of a salary. No comment on banking interns, but I occasionally mentor developer interns. We always have real work for them to do. Usually prototyping something using a new technology that we're considering. Or, prototyping a new product that hasn't been resourced yet. They work a normal work week. 40-45 hours/week. No clue what we pay them, but they are paid and provided housing. We usually hire a few of them full-time when they finish school and they're generally very successful employees. I assume they have a good time. They're 20-21 years old; I hope they do. Stressing at a desk sounds like a pretty lame way to spend your 20s. "Noting also that this played out over many years." Not so. The article states the liens can be sold after a year and foreclosure initiated after an additional 6 months. In several of the cases listed, the original home owner was in hospice care or otherwise unavailable. I don't disagree that the city needs a way to recoup unpaid taxes. But, there has to be a better way than this. Yes, which is why we have the large number of new for-profit institutions. Many of these new for-profits deliver degrees that aren't the paper used to print them because delivery a quality education isn't easy. Yes, very common, at least in the wealthier regions. Many kids have a car available as soon as they can legally drive. That said, I've noticed a trend among my son's peers. Many of them delayed driving until they left for college. Not sure why. When I was that age, everybody skipped school on their 16th birthday to go take the driving test. Correct, it does already exist and it's even more diverse than you indicate. Community colleges (2-year), state colleges, private colleges, state universities, and private universities. All on a continuum, with a fair bit of overlap between categories. I'm sure everybody that attended a top school has a story about the rich flunky down the hall, but it's still the exception, not the rule. This is close to my current office environment. I have a typical cube, located in a typical cube farm, if I want some relative peace and quiet. And the team has a dedicated "lab" where I spend most of my day. It's not a totally open-plan area - just a conference room. Never more than 6-7 developers, of whom 4 are on my team, and the rest are transients from other teams working on related projects. I prefer the lab and only head down to the cube if I need to take client calls. Several of the developers prefer the cubes and spend most of their day there, only coming to the lab for a few hours/day. Not really. While I'm sure you could grab the brakes hard enough to launch yourself over the bars, there is a LOT of braking power to be had before that point. I ride close to 6000 miles/year, most road cycling, racing criteriums and road races. Going over the bars because I simply grabbed the front too hard isn't even the top-20 things I worry about. How many islands (or what % of total land mass) does a nation need to be considered an archipelagic state? You go to the theater for the "unique" concessions? I guess stale nachos and overpriced M&Ms are "unique", but I'd debate if they're a reason to go to the movies. :) Strava does allow users to flag segments as dangerous. I've flagged quite a few on a local multi-use "bike" trail - there are just too many pedestrians, joggers, and horses to try and chase the clock. Being fast on a cross-country trail is about conservation of speed, not just going fast on the downhill segments. Several of the fastest mountain bikers I know grew up racing motocross and bmx. The speed they carry through corners if amazing. The ten years included several startups. And while it appears all eventually failed or were put in the back-burner, he did raise $2 million in angel funding along the way. So, at least in regards to keeping himself housed and fed, I guess it was successful. Downhill racing helment? Motorcycle helmet? Neither of which you'd normally wear on a road bike. In my county (suburban DC), it was roughly (I briefly considered moving into teaching in the early 2000s): - degree in related subject, typically math (CS is/was part of the math department in the county) - master's degree in education, or some other combination of post-graduate work that qualifies for a teaching certificate. My degree in Economics, with a minor in CS, didn't come close to qualifying me to teach CS in high school. Not that it should have by default. But, it does make me wonder where Chicago will find CS teachers. If they have to come from the ranks of those already qualified to teach math, that's not a very large pool. The article explains it all. The rules only apply to those enrolled in the ASAP program. Non-ASAP students get the standard CC experience, come and go, part-time, etc. The ASAP program forces those students into a more rigorous program in order to get them graduated. I don't see a problem with that - there is obviously a set of students that need the structure in order to excel. And it appears to be working. So, what's your gripe ("bullshit rules")? I agree with the principle. However, you are ignoring the financial implications. CCs need tuition payments to survive. Very few, if any, have large endowments. Student's who aren't on track to graduate can't always obtain financial aid or subsidized/deferred-payment loans. And even though CCs tend to be more affordable than 4-year schools, they still aren't inexpensive to the majority of the population. So, graduation rates become a major part of ensuring financial viability. That. Or, people buy Chromebooks, realize they're no better than the [tablet|"real" laptop|PC] they already own, and don't use them much? Most traditional 4-year students wouldn't be counted in your area. Their permanent residences are likely with the parents. Easy example... in the US, a policeman's word is often enough to cite you for breaking a traffic law. In Scotland, you would need two policemen, or one policeman and a camera, or some other combination of >1 sources of evidence. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. Would it be normal for a minority owner of a start-up to be able to legally force the majority to buy them out? I wouldn't have thought so. The 30% owner could have sat on the shares and waited to see what happened. They were effectively free (in the sense that he didn't buy them and was apparently paid a reasonable salary as well). Maybe. Members of the US military generally enjoy the same rights and protections as civilians, but there are limits on their speech and they are subject to different laws/regulations (UCMJ). Military officers in the US are barred from speaking contemptuous words against the President and VP. (article 88 UCMJ). There is a parallel article that applies to enlisted members. Calling the Pres a "fascist pig" is a no-no. Army regulation 600-20 limits members ability to campaign on behalf of candidates for public office and partisan political causes. I'm not aware of anything like this that applies to civilian government employees. On the way to my bachelor party, my friends snuck a foil-wrapped dildo into my luggage in the hopes of eliciting a TSA response. Thankfully, it didn't work. H&R Block personal software, except for the years I have more unusual situations (AMT, non-qualifying options, etc), then I hire a CPA. Either they didn't see it, or they did, but didn't care. Either way, we all got a good laugh about it when I unpacked at our destination. "Running a scheme like this involves lots of skills, none of them technical." While I agree that this statement is correct, I would suggest that one skill that is required is the ability to use Google. She really should spend a few hours learning something, anything, about the subject matter she is expected to represent in the corridors of power. She obviously has failed to do that. Really? This is what all the flap is about? This is awful. It's almost impossible to get passed the first set of pipes because the a single click makes the bird jump half the height of the screen. Is the mobile app just as unusable? The one that the creator yanked after it got popular... http://www.cnn.com/2014/02/09/tech/flappy-bird-removed-from-... "I guess [you] don’t care about hard work or loyalty." -- Stretch That's ripe. Pay your employees a low wage, treat them like shit, and then expect loyalty? Gimme a break. Loyalty is a two-way street and I don't see any reciprocation from corporate America (in this case, or in general). The CT200h has been on the market for several years now. It's a nice car. But, it still isn't a Tesla. It is literally a short-wheelbase Prius with a slightly upscale interior. And is priced accordingly (mid-$30k to the Prius' upper-$20k). Lexus also offers the RX SUV in hybrid. Probably one of the most popular vehicles in the DC area. We have the gas version. Very nice. But, not a performance vehicle. Sounds like the criminal offense was breaking and entering. The suspect admitted (to the blogger?) to illegally entering MS facilities to obtain the stolen software. $100/year for subscription. OR $139 one-time for Office Home. Sure sounds expensive to me. I'll stick to the Apple office suite for now. These days, it's not. Originally, it was beneficial to the manufacturers to let franchisees take the risk of opening new storefronts. The franchise laws were put in place to stop manufacturers from undercutting their own franchises once the market was established. Directly cause deaths? Maybe, maybe not, I guess it depends how far into a root cause analysis you go. Regardless, while driving without power steering and brakes is possible when you're expecting it, it's quite a shock when you aren't. Especially if you've never done it before, which I suspect is true for many of today's drivers. I can easily envision circumstances where loss of power could cause an accident. Fast road, sharp corner, surrounded by woods, etc. Can anybody comment on the usefulness of open plan space when there is a wide range of programmer ability? I can see if everybody on the team is a rock star that the benefits of open space could be smaller. But, what if you have a mix of senior engineers and junior developers (who presumably need more active mentoring)? I ask because in my current role, I'm the product architect for a large web application. In addition to the usual design and development tasks, part of this role is bringing new development teams up to speed on technologies they have not used before. I find it much easier to be in a team room with those teams, they get immediate feedback, can ask questions, etc. If I was in an office or cube, I'd have a constant stream of emails from individuals to answer. Yeah, I don't get it. Is this some sort of rent-control problem? Where his parents lived in a rent-controlled apartment and passed it down to him improperly? (I have no idea how rent-control buildings in NYC work, this is the only that makes any sense without details) I'm near DC. I'd guess >95% of the time, you're stuff would be fine while you head to the bathroom or get a refill on the coffee. But, that's still a significant risk, especially once you add hassle factor onto any dollar value. It sounds like it will be tested on the Spearhead cargo platform. I assume as testing progresses, it will end up on other types of ship. Market forces. Just like anything else - supply and demand. Don't think of it in terms of gross dollars. Think of it in terms of standard of living. A skilled engineer is going to have an upper-middle-class standard of living, regardless of location. The difference could be that the US market for smart phones is warped through carrier subsidies. A $600 iPhone only costs a consumer $199 up front (they pay the difference through larger monthly fees). So, at purchase time, an iPhone isn't an expensive phone. But, if you have to replace it off contract, it's very expensive. When it gets stolen, that $200 phone suddenly becomes a $600 phone, which probably leads people to more drastic action, like following criminals to their homes. Not in the US. Not one of my banks or other finance-related websites uses two-factor authentication by default. I haven't looked to see if any offer it as an option, but I tend to doubt it (it certainly isn't advertised). Meh. My last black cab experience was supposed to take me from Paddington Station to the Marriott Marble Arch. The cab dropped me at Marriott Park Lane and sped off before I realized he had left me at the wrong hotel. I'm convinced he did this on purpose. It was rush hour, there was a bomb scare nearby, and I assume he didn't want to sit in traffic. Of course, if he had just explained that to me, I would have been happy to walk the remaining few blocks. Instead, I was just left at the wrong location and a bit confused. So much for "The Knowledge". It's not just oversized carry-ons. There isn't space for every single passenger to bring a full-size (but within stated limits) carry-on plus personal item. And with carriers charging for checked bags, it's worse than it would be otherwise. That said, as an infrequent flyer, I do like you and just wait in the terminal until the end of boarding. No point waiting in the middle of the line - that's the worst of all options. I also make sure my personal carry-on (usually a large laptop bag) has my toothbrush and clean socks, just in case I get stuck checking a bag at the gate. But, given the option to board early without charge, I'd take it. This is my biggest complaint about Apple Maps on iOS. Searching doesn't work. And if I get an address or name partially correct, Apple Maps usually fails. Google can find me places of interest, without an exact name or address. That's my most common use case when using navigation on my mobile device. That 5-6 weeks is well outside he norm in the US. In my experience, to get that much leave, you have to work at the same company for 5+ years. And either be highly-paid white collar OR highly paid union. http://www.psmag.com/navigation/business-economics/the-unite... http://www.bls.gov/news.release/ebs.t05.htm So don't go to a school that charges $60k/year? It never ceases to amaze me that people think they need to attend expensive private schools, when there are plenty of top-notch publicly funded schools available. The yellow line really is amazing from a "user interface" perspective. It's so natural that I had forgotten there was a time when it didn't exist. And, as mentioned elsewhere in the comments, it seems everybody has an old uncle that swears it's just nylon between the down markers (or paint, or something else that isn't "magic"). I've had this discussion with friends and family who teach. None of them can make a convincing (to me) argument that a school administrator is any more likely to be capricious or unfair than managers in the private sector. Then, the friends move onto the whole "how do you evaluate a teacher?" to which I respond "how do you evaluate a programmer?" Sure, there are metrics for both, but none are foolproof. At some point, managers have to go with their guts. I don't think a screen reader would pick up the down-voted comments as different from other comments. So, it's still broken from an accessibility standpoint. Tenure shouldn't be the solution. And I'm not sure how the problem you describe is limited to public schools? If my manager doesn't like me (for whatever reason), he can find a way to have me removed from my job. Nitpick every minor problem, make-work assignments, untenable deadlines, etc. This. I'm not a true introvert, but I am shy (particuarly when encountering new people) and do need social down-time to recharge. I typically don't go out of my way to plan social events. But, when invitations are offered, I almost always accept them. I avoid large bars and clubs, but enjoy going out for a meal or drink with friends at smaller locations where we can sit and socialize. Also, my main hobby is competitive cycling. It works well for the type of interactions I prefer. Training rides can be anything from solo rides in the country to large groups in the city. And when riding in a group, it's perfectly acceptable to ride along in silence. It's almost a perfect sport for introverts. That said, there is a high level of jargon and definitely cliques, so it can be difficult for shy people to get started. For me, it's not that these taxes, in particular, are ridiculous, but that the tax code is so freaking complicated, that I sometimes need a CPA to double-check my records (AMT, odd-ball deductions, etc). And this is for my personal income taxes - it's even worse for business owners. Agreed. And I'm enjoying the other stories that appear higher in the thread. I-495 through the VA side of the DC suburbs uses High-Occupany Toll lanes - demand pricing on top of HOV lanes. If you have passengers, you can use them for free. If you're solo, you pay the toll. They use a switchable EZ Pass transponder to make it work without toll booths at each end. Colloquially, they're referred to as "Lexus Lanes". As far as a I can tell, they haven't done much to reduce congestion on the non-toll lanes. But, if you can afford $12/day (peak rate, round trip) for a 10 mile stretch of interstate, you get to avoid the dirty, unwashed masses who are stuck in the poor lanes. :) And there is research to back this up? One step below burn-out sounds miserable to me. The US lags behind in card payment systems. We usually hand the card over to the wait staff, they carry it away to a remote terminal (and we trust that they don't copy the card while in their possession), then we manually enter a tip after the fact. Next time you're at the gym, grab a 30lb dumbbell in each hand, walk across the gym, set them down, pick them up again, walk back to starting point, repeat for a few hours. Let us know how it goes. How is the charing port not opening a minor issue? Or, the door handles getting stuck. Both of those render the car inoperable. They got lucky in that the door handles were fixed with an OTA update. The port required a service appointment. Compared to my three cars (Lexus RX, Jeep Wrangler, VW GTI), the Model S sounds like a complete dud. Which is a shame because it's a sexy car and I'd love to own one someday. Oh, I've had issues with my cars. The Lexus required a new radio at 40k miles (warrantied). The GTI a new throttle sensor at 40k (warrantied) and SRS sensor at 50k (warrantied). But none of them caused the car to be undriveable. And all happened after several years of driving, not several months. Anyway, as I hinted at above, I'm hopeful Tesla is successful. I wanted a Roadster back in '08. I want an S now. And I'm sure when they release their 3-series competitor, it'll be on the short list to replace the Lexus. Irrelevant. I was calling the previous poster out for his Tesla nut-swinging. Problems that render a new car inoperative are not "minor", loaner car or not. I imagine the front of the terminal is a place where groups of people can typically be found - drop offs, pick ups, waiting for baggage, etc. Also, blowing up the front of the terminal has the potential to shut down airport operations much longer than a remote car park. The Kennedys and Bushes disagree with that assertion. ;) Who thought forcing the image zoom open was a good idea? Blech. Scotland can't create a currency if they desire to join the EU. Current rules don't allow any more UK/Denmark-style currency exemptions. It appears that Scotland's options would be: - retain the Pound Sterling, not sure about EU membership - Euro, with EU membership - new currency, but without EU membership Not only did the Edinburgh Agreement indicate that the UK would honor the results, but the UK government also explicitly granted the Scottish government the right to hold the referendum (constitutional issues would normally be a power reserved by the UK parliament). Correct. Plus, the secret image assumes I actually remember which image I select for every page. Given that none have the same collection of images, I'm likely to have only a vague notion of which one I picked at account creation. They would freak out if the public comments actually mattered. Unless you know otherwise, I'm guessing the FCC doesn't much care what the riff-raff think is a good idea. They're more interested in maintaining relationships with big business and keeping that revolving door spinning. In a perfect world, I'd agree with you. But, in reality, how many Americans have any real choices in ISP/telco? I have a choice of two mega-telcos (Cox and Verizon), neither of which provides good value (when compared to plans in Europe). As for the FCC, the revolving door is very real incentive for regulators to do what existing corporate interests tell them. Why would they care if they're removed from the FCC when they have a corner office waiting on K St? "...you can't purchase and own housing in quantities of 36 square feet..." And in most of the US, you still won't be able to do so. Or, more correctly, you won't be able to place the dumpster-home in a desirable location and use it as a permanent residence. Most municipalities have minimum house sizes as part of their building code. You could potentially put the dumpster-home on wheels and get it approved as a mobile home, but you'd still be limited to areas that allow mobile homes. I understand the counter-points to this, but I'm inclined to agree with drcode. We've seen a stream of "I lived in X" stories lately, most of which include sleeping somewhere, but not really living there - trunk of car, dumpster, etc. Sorry, but in most of the US, indoor plumbing (or something close) is generally considered a requisite for a "home". It's not about saving the wheel, it's about keeping the rider fresh. Mountain biking on rough terrain is hard on the body. Look at elite level races - most of them switch between hard-tail and full-suspension, depending on the terrain. And for those of us who just play at racing, a full-suspension bike can take the edge off a long day of riding. I find packaging to be a very mixed bag, emotionally speaking. While I like the higher-end treatment from Apple and similar companies, I can't help but think of the waste involved in producing that fancy box that I'm just going to throw away in a few days. And Apple doesn't need the fancy packaging to sell to me - I'd but their stuff regardless. I wonder if they could/would consider generic cardboard for online orders, and save the fancy stuff for retail? Assuming you're running in your lane and not weaving, I mean "I am overtaking on your left". Sources for any of that? While some sports (football, men's basketball) are profit centers that can offset the cost of non-revenue sports, that really only applies to the top-tier programs (NCAA Division 1). I've never heard of university sports programs being major sources of revenue for research or courses (outside of possibly sports-related studies). I'm not sure $600,000 even qualifies as a slap on the wrist. Marriott's revenues in 2012 were somewhere around $11 billion. Lots of 2-3 year leases while consumers felt out the product? The Model S was released in mid-2012. So, the timing is right to ramp up the certified program by mid-2015 to catch vehicles that were leased for 3 years. In the DC region, there are TONS of 2-3 year old vehicles for sale as certified, many of them off-lease. 3 of my last 4 vehicles have been bought that way. With the 30-40% discount from new and the 100k mile warranties, it works out pretty well. Meh, somebody has to own ebola.com and birdflu.com. And whoever buys ebola.com for $150,000 is doing it because it's profitable for them. Maybe the manufacturer of ZMapp wants the domain to sell their medications? Why shouldn't Schultz make a profit selling it? How is this any different than a real estate investor? I could buy several acres in Detroit and sit on it for a while, hoping the city rebounds and I can sell for a profit. Does that make me evil too? I realize that's probably said tongue-in-cheek, but I agree with the statement. The problem with patent trolls isn't that they exist. The problem is that patents are being granted for things that are obvious (Do X, but now on a PC!). And, the courts appear to be correcting that problem. 37 years old, studied computer science at university, and have worked in the software industry since graduation. Currently at a mid-size/large, multinational software company. We have a large number of developers with 20+ years experience. You aren't seeing their resumes because they're here and don't have a reason to leave. I've been here 12 years now, and if you can't match the 25 days vacation, 10 sick, 12 holidays, plus bump my salary 10% or more, I won't even call you back. Edit - I'll also note that I'm a project manager by title. I don't have personnel responsibility, so I still get to spend a lot of time on technical issues (and even some coding). I'm not sure that's a totally valid sentiment. For starters, top-notch developers in the US earn salaries that approach CEO-level pay (ok, maybe not quite, but certainly top-5% salaries nationally). Even as a mid-level developer, my salary matched that of experienced project managers in my wife's previous line of work (large insurance company). And CEOs generally lead a very different lifestyle than a good developer. On call 24/7, lots of travel, etc. And it's a different set of skills that many developers lack (schmoozing, sales, dealing with other giant egos). Compare that to my 40-45/hour work week, true vacation (with no work interruptions), and limited exposure to clients/sales/etc (which I find the most stressful part of my job - minimizing that is a good thing for me). Thankfully, I'm not at a bank. My employer build software and licensing is the primary source of revenue. And I haven't written entry-level reports since, well, never. From my post... "ok, maybe not quite, but certainly top-5% salaries nationally" Is there where we get to discuss the gross over-compensation granted to CEOs in the US? [I'm joking, I don't want to discuss that here] Top 5% of salaries nationally (in the US). Or, about $180,000. Yes, nowhere near the compensation that a C-level will earn at a major multi-national. Yes, America has pretty horrifying* leave policies. Most professional jobs in the DC area start with 15-18 days of personal leave (vacation and sick are treated the same) and around 10 national holidays. Jobs that pay hourly frequently don't have any leave at all - if you take a day off, you don't get paid anything. And maternity/paternity leave is almost non-existent. All of which leads to people coming to work sick, spreading disease, being miserable, burning out, and spending a fortune paying strangers to watch their babies. * Horrifying by Western European standards. That pretty much covers it. Stuff happens. Good project managers will adjust and move on. Additionally, if you are being blocked by something external, you MUST let your project manager know ASAP! One of his primary jobs is to remove impediments, so you can do your job. In the case of American football, skipping college isn't an option. The NFL doesn't recruit out of high school, so a player's only option is to do 3-4 years indentured servitude at an NCAA institution. I don't disagree, but the NFLPA and NFL have a collective bargaining agreement that prohibits the NFL from recruiting until a player is 3-years removed from high school (roughly age 21). Both the league and player's union benefit from this restriction in trade. Appellate courts have ruled in their favor. So, the NFL as zero interest in creating a farm system that competes with the NCAA. Obviously, the NCAA also likes this arrangement as it's a major source of revenue for college athletic departments. I'm dubious that you can actually choose your own hours AND make a decent living. With surge pricing and higher demand in the post-work hours, I would assume you have to work those hours to maximize income, no? Yes? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8537039 While it might be technically correct, it's extremely awkward, doesn't roll off the tongue at all, and I had to read it several times. This is true in Virginia. Property values are reassessed annually and taxes are pegged to value. If I knew for sure that I'd retire elsewhere, I'd love for values to skyrocket. But, more than likely, I'll stay in the area, so vales going up doesn't do me much good. Affordability is possibly a key component of atmosphere, so I'm not sure you can answer one way or the other. If a place to too affordable, it likely suffers from major issues that make it undesirable (lack of employment, pollution, etc). But, assuming you value some level of diversity, a certain level of affordability is required to maintain that diversity. "...are people just unwilling to put up with the winters?" For me, it's not the winter, but the darkness. Those short winter days are a real drag. Even here in DC, the shorter days are depressing. I don't think I could deal with days that are shorter (even with upside of the longer days that come in summer). Yes, new programmers spend a lot of time just getting things to work. But, from years of managing summer interns, the biggest surprise to new programmers is the amount of non-code stuff that needs to be done alongside actual coding. Doc, comments, peer reviews (and the associated rework). The sooner they learn this is part of the job, the sooner they'll fit into the team's workflow and contribute at a high level. > Copyright? I'm not aware of any general problem with that. It's pretty simple, the original author has a period of protection for their work. What's wrong with that? The Mickey Mouse Protection Act is a huge problem. In a nutshell, every time a large company's copyrights are about to expire, they pay Congress to extend them for another period of time. In many ways, the Concorde was "dead" well before 9/11 or the Paris crash. Yes, those killed it for good, but costs, sonic booms (US landings were initially banned, then limited to JFK and Dulles), and politics killed the concept shortly after it was launched. 16 isn't mostly through high school. Unless she's a year ahead, she is/was likely a sophomore, or only half-way through high school. And she's missing the best parts of those last two years - the large number of AP/IB courses offered at most American high schools. And really, I'm not sure why anybody would be in such a rush to get a job. Money isn't everything. > If you're really interested in history take a college level course. This generally doesn't require dropping out of school. Most public high schools offer AP/IB courses, which are the equivalent of 1st year college courses. And, at least in my county, once a student surpasses that level, they are free to pursue subjects at the local community college, while finishing up the rest of high school with their classmates. The cynic in me says the police officer got a share of the $225 under the table. Why else use an extrajudicial process for something that should be easily resolvable within the law? I mostly agree - it's habit to charge my iPhone every day at the office. But, I really get killed on long weekends or vacations. My usual routine is broken, and I frequently find my iPhone running out of charge. Hardly the end of the world, just a minor annoyance. As noted elsewhere, having the juice to get through a full day, even with heavier than normal usage, would mostly alleviate the problem. Of course, if that's going to cost me another $100 or turn my phone into a phablet, then I'm not intereted. :) >In particular are comic cases of when companies fail to secure things at all and then someone gets prosecuted because they "hacked" that company and "stole" that data. If I leave my garage open, and somebody takes my golf clubs, is that not theft? Yes, the potential punishments are disproportionately harsh. Yes, the company is silly for leaving data exposed. No, it's not ok to take data because it's unprotected. So, when you hired the substitutes, you were essentially paying a double salary (new mother's salary + temp employee salary) for probably less production (temp employee probably not as effective as FTE)? I'm not arguing one way or the other. My heart says we should codify parental leave of some sort. But, my brain has trouble figuring out a system that is fair to small employers (short of only mandating large employers provide leave, which doesn't seem right either). Minimizing outside influence is only a portion of the decision matrix. They want to maintain their community and their religion. Minimizing outside influence might be part of that, or it might not. As said above, there is no absolute rule - the community decides are a group which technologies/changes they want to use or discourage. Yes, that does lead to some oddities. True, but if I pay $60,000 in federal taxes each year, and only receive $25,000 in "mincome", then it's still "socialism" (as Americans seem to define it ). It seems that any tax plan that is remotely progressive is immediately labeled as "socialist" by the right. I wonder how that plays out in the internet (Amazon) age? I do most of my retail shopping on the weekends. Cut out 50% of my available shopping time, and it's just another incentive to buy online. Not really. Dad installed smart TVs in his beach house (he figured it was easier than wiring up DVD players and Rokus in 10 rooms). While the apps do work, they are slow, clunky, and the UX is never as good as that which is delivered on dedicated streaming devices. The configuration is always buried, so switching accounts is an exercise in futility. So, he just leaves his Roku account signed in and deals with the clutter in his personal watch list. I'm not sure this is a shakedown. The article mentions a previous case against Netflix that was settled with an agreement from Netflix to provide closed captioning in the near future. If you're in bed, how do you know those lights are on? Also, why wouldn't you turn the light off as you left the room? Most of these "smart home" devices really do seem like a gimmick at this point. Maybe in the future, they'll be well enough debugged and refined to be useful, but for now, I just don't see a benefit in a normal* home. My dad uses Nests, "smart" locks, and remote cameras alarms (off-season) on his beach house - that makes sense, as he's a 5 hour drive from the house. * normal for the US: 1970s 4-bedroom, 1800sqft, 2 level, no basement. I can walk across the house in the time it takes me to get my cell phone off the hall table (where I leave it to charge). The house a single thermostat, so I can't heat/cool zones, and the existing thermostat is programmable by day and time. Fair enough. My "kid" is fast approaching 21, so it's been a while since I had to follow him around turning off lights (and picking up toys, and wiping up smeared food, and ...). Yup. One of my wife's previous employers did this. The first row of spaces were reserved for long-time employees, which really just meant the VPs who had been there a while. The CEO's admin might have had one of those as well. The rank and file had very little change of ever obtaining a reserved spot. I'm sure there were weeks where I didn't get outside during school hours, but between PE in the gym (when cold/wet/whatever), music lessons, chorus, GT programs, and other enrichment, I was rarely stuck in the same room and same seat for more than a few hours at a time. If schools have changed in the last 25 years such that none of that out-of-classroom enrichment occurs, then yeah, we're failing out kids. Another thing I've noticed - the 1911 is produced by a wide range of manufacturers. The boutique brands can be a bit finicky and the buyers are often tinkerers, which can give a pistol neophyte a skewed perception of the design. Trade school meets Bachelor's Degree. I posted this because there have been a steady stream of student debt and other higher ed stories. While I do see the value in providing this type of training/education, I'm not convinced we should be creating new entities to provide it. It seems like there is an opportunity for local community colleges to expand their curriculum into this area. Another option is the latest Fenix from Garmin... https://buy.garmin.com/en-US/US/on-the-trail/wrist-worn/feni... While it isn't a true smart-watch, it does provide alerts from your phone. I imagine for many users, that's enough. If I hadn't stopped wearing a watch completely a few years ago, I'd probably buy this one. Wow. That is awful. I use their fitness devices (Edge 500 and one of the ForeRunners) and they've had some issues (bugs in the firmware), but nothing like that. Both integrate with Garmin Connect (the web site) using the Garmin Express app (OSX). >If you are offering elimination of credit availability as a solution...you believe wealth of parents is a good metric... Perhaps a better solution would be merit-based grants. If you graduate in the top 10% of your high school class, Uncle Sam will foot the bill for the equivalent of in-state tuition/room/board. As long as you keep your GPA above some threshold, we keep paying for 4 years. > Couldn't the owner just ask the person who is renting the unit to move out in a reasonable amount of time? Assuming the original $2145 is below market, the answer would be no, wouldn't it? Or, rather, they could ask, but the tenant would never willingly leave, as they are paying below market. Isn't that a bit like auto accidents vs motorcycle accidents? Although closely related, one mode of transport is inherently more dangerous. And that more dangerous mode is only used by a small subset of the population. Usually, that only applies if you were fired for misconduct. And in places where firing for any reason is grounds for denying unemployment, most companies won't fight an appeal. Two things pop to mind: 1. The cost is ridiculous in the US. A top state-funded school will cost nearly $120,000 over four years (tuition, fees, room, board). 2. Our tax code has incentives for college savings plans. Wouldn't 529s be a very good reason to have a separate investment? Tax breaks, potential matching grants from states, etc. That's ok, I'm 37 and it guessed I was 81 in one photo and in two others, it couldn't detect my face at all. To be fair, I was wearing a bike helmet in the 81 image, sunglasses in one failed image, and a baseball cap in the third. OTOH, my wife will be pleased to know it underestimated her age by a decade. 100% agreed. This would completely sour me on the position. I'd like to know as well. I remember seeing some data about iPhone battery life over the generations. Apple has basically held it steady - as the processors and screens have improved, the power efficiency has improved just enough to hold battery life constant. The exception to this was the 6+ which due to it's larger size, had a fair bit more battery life. Personally, I'd love a phone with 6+ battery life or better in the 5S form-factor. I don't need or want a large screen - that's why I have tablets and laptops. Interesting to see the salary ranges at my employer. With similar titles, the range is quite large, even within the same physical location. And modifiers like "senior" or "principal" don't appear to correlate with the listed salary. I read it as the new job - a court injunction forces FitBit to fire the employees who stole trade secrets from Jawbone. That's the one, thanks. I'd love to see some of the research that determined 'x'. >I would plead for a better school rather than dropping out, though. It's depressing that apparently even Altucher who is supposedly a millionaire can not find a decent school for his kids. Totally agree with the first part. School is only a waste if you go a mediocre school. There are plenty of excellent public and private schools available in the US. And most of the people browsing HN during working hours can afford the neighborhoods where those schools are located. Fixing the broken schools in less affluent areas is a more difficult problem. I also find is astonishing that somebody who graduated from Cornell, then pursued a PhD at CMU would advocate for their own child to drop out of school at age 13. It's truly flabbergasting. Is he really asserting that he would be in the same, or better, position today had he skipped 4 years of high school, 4 years of undergraduate at one elite university, and then another handful of years at a second elite university? I'm calling shenanigans. I'll counter that with an anecdote. My wife's previous employer, a boutique consulting firm in DC, hires liberal arts majors almost exclusively. Very smart young adults... Dean's list, multiple languages (rare in the US), etc. And at pretty good salaries ($70k+ if I'm remembering correctly). Contrast that with a string of recent CS graduates I've interviewed this year. 80% or more have been woefully unprepared for work in the field. I'm not sure what they're being taught, but it certainly isn't anything remotely like computer science in the business world. Point being, if you're a mediocre student, your job prospects aren't that great, regardless of major. And if you're actually smart, the jobs are out there. A mix of all of the above. A few have been unable to discuss basic CS concepts to the point they should get refunds from their colleges. These were mostly smaller liberal arts schools. Most are unable to work through basic design problems on the whiteboard (not programming and don't require couplex algorithms). I'm not looking for perfect answers - I just want them to talk through their thought process and ask intelligent questions. So, because she's successful, she should roll over and forgo one of her income steams? If she truly believes this Apple deal will hurt her bottom line, or the bottom line of other content creators, she has a legitimate complaint. How are those "fake projects" not a gigantic waste of everybody's time? We put our interns to work - either embedded on product teams, or working with our architecture/R&D teams on new technology. I think the interns generally enjoy the experience and we try to hire the best of them back after graduation. I've found generic disposables (two blade, throw the whole thing away, handle and all) work pretty well, as long as I replace them regularly. I also use a nice shave oil, which seems to help. Is it just me, or does $4 million seem quite "reasonable" for something this rare and with this much work invested? Yes, it's a large sum of money, but given the choice between a vintage race car or the Spitfire, I'd take the warbird every time (and I'm not a pilot). I had the same thoughts. Testing the exploits on a open highway, at full speed, strikes me as needlessly reckless. There is no excuse for this when there are plenty of lower speed locations available. They should have used a large parking lot or similar. Are you working, or staring at a bright screen, right up to bedtime? That seems to make sleep harder for me. A few things I've found that help me: - Exercise. I work out 8-12 hours/week. Being physically tired makes sleep easier. - Eat dinner >2 hours before bed and avoid late snacks. - No alcohol (I do have an occasional drink, but it always impacts my sleep) - No TV in bedroom. I either read for 30-60 minutes or talk to my wife until we doze off. > Research that Stanford has done shows that drivers resuming control from Level 3 vehicles functioning in autonomous mode take 10 seconds just to attain the level of ability that a drunk driver possesses. And to get back to full driving competence takes 60 seconds. Wouldn't this also hold true for airline pilots? How quickly can they resume control of a plane when something goes amiss? Usually right after work, so 5:30-7:30. I eat right after that. And head up to bed around 9:45, read for an hour, and the alarm is set for 6am. Just barely afloat. If you get sick, your car breaks down, or any number of other things, you can very easily sink. I'm not sure why people have down-voted this response. All wheat flour contains gluten. Gluten does provide much of the texture to baked goods (try some gluten free bread - it's mouth-feel isn't the same). That isn't to say different varieties of wheat or flour might cause different reactions in people. But that isn't the gluten; it's something else. Of course with the widestream acceptance of GF there are now many straight up substitutes/replacements so that benefit will likely disappear. It's a double-edged sword. Yes, lots of grocers and chefs now provide gluten-free substitutes. And some of those options are quite good. But, with the wide-spread fad, I have to very careful when ordering that the wait staff knows I have an actual allergy and not just a preference. "No one tells me to work nights. No one makes me answer emails at night. No one texts me to ask me why emails aren't answered." Well, if you're willingly working nights and weekends (which we know you do, as you penned the response on a Saturday), then of course nobody is going to tell you to do so. This statement does nothing to disprove that those who wish to have lives outside the workplace aren't harassed by their coworkers and/or managers. I hate that they ditched it on the new 12". Seems like a step back. With a personal laptop that lives in the living room and dogs in the house, the MagSafe has saved many a fall from the sofa or side-table onto the ground. What's keeping this from being a campaign issue? Money. Sony/Ford/JohnDeere has more of it than you or I. That was my assumption. As I review resumes, it's just another data point, along with degree, previous jobs, etc. They aren't required, or even preferred. But, they do display an interest in learning and progressing professionally, which is always good. In various other articles, I've seen 2-6 soldiers/Marines listed as the capacity. Also, references to differing levels of armor and armament, though I haven't seen any details. I agree that the L-ATV doesn't appear suitable as a "run errands on base" truck. I do not know what the Army plans to do for this need. Also possible on a "normal" freewheeled bicycle. Just takes a bit of an incline and a bit more body english. Not super useful, but a neat trick, and good balance exercise. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbeaB3G79vI I assume the goal isn't to frame you, but to smuggle drugs. Baggage handler/TSA agent at airport #1 opens baggage, places drugs inside, calls baggage hander/TSA agent at airport #2 with luggage brand and traveler name. When flight arrives, hander #2 intercepts baggage. At this point, they either take the whole suitcase, or remove the drugs and the traveler is none the wiser. I'm Scottish by birth, but was raised in the US. I don't have a problem with any of the Scottish accents, but American friends consistently have trouble understanding Glasgow patter and certain highland accents. Heck, I add a roommate in college who needed captions for Trainspotting! That said, it tends to be as much a vocabulary problem as the accent itself. Lot's of colloquialisms to learn. My wife's current employer handles it this way. And it does seem like a fair compromise for cases of occasional semi-local travel (in her case, a remote office that's 50 miles from home and visited monthly, vs. her usual 12 mile commute). Her previous employer didn't count any commuting to client sites as "on the clock". One of many reasons she left. Granted, this was a Beltway Bandit and all work was at client sites, but as contracts changed, her commute changed dramatically (not just within the city, but as much as 2 hours on the Interstate). All this is good and fine, except darn near every other nation already fixes drug prices in one way or another, forcing the US to bear the costs of drug R&D. Couple that with market forces in the US that prevent a text-book "fair"/"functioning" free market, and we (American consumers) get stuck with prices that are not just mind-bogglingly high, but also much higher than consumers in other 1st world nations pay. A real world example of a text-book market? No. That was the point. :) I frequently hear conservatives claim they want a "free market" solution to medical care - I don't think people who make that claim know how far from a free market we are. This was true at UVA. Independent study was allowed, but not advertised, at least when I was there (late-90s). Paying per credit wasn't a problem, as tuition was fixed for full-time students. It's not just Chinese-Americans. I live in Fairfax, VA and the entire county is bonkers over GPAs. It's to the point that >20% of my son's high school class had "better than perfect" GPAs (possible because honors/AP come with bonus points). Many of those same kids spent their afternoons being shuttled from enrichment program to enrichment program. Very little unscheduled time where they could just be kids. I question the sanity of it all. I didn't have anywhere the level of structured activity as a teen and still managed to gain entry to a top-20 university. Presumably because I was successful in things I enjoyed, not things my parents thought were good application boosters. While I agree to a point, for most of these students, Harvard isn't an option (and never would have been). These are typical upper-middle-class kids and parents. Smart enough to get a six-figure job, but far from the top tier of thinkers and doers (I don't mean this disparagingly - I'm firmly in that same category). I wonder how much impact international students have on the prospects of US students applying to US universities? I'm sure at the super-elite schools, there is an effect. But, at the big state schools? I don't know. I'd also love to see a plot of college "seats" vs overall population. I know all the Virginia state schools have increased enrollment, but probably not enough to keep up with population growth. Is this true across the nation? Probably. Yes, even minor* medical issues can run into six-figures. I developed a non-critical arrhythmia last year, medication didn't fully control it, so I opted for catheter ablation. The procedure itself, plus the related office appointments and tests, was around $50,000 (after insurance discounts). That included separate bills from the surgery center, the hospital (I was admitted overnight), the cardiologist, and the anesthesiologist. That's for a one-off problem that is now corrected. If it were cancer, or something else that required ongoing treatment, costs rise rapidly. * To the degree that any medical issue can be minor; my life was never in danger and risk permanent disability was low. Even after adjusting for miles (or hours) traveled? Pretty much. I have a 5S and it makes it through a full day of moderate use or two days of light use. The only time battery life is a problem is traveling on the road, where it seems to burn through battery roaming (I assume). But, if I'm in a car, I can probably charge. In the woods, I have the same problem, but using airplane-mode solves it - if I'm in the woods, I don't want to answer email or phone calls anyway. Great Falls, in Virginia (west of DC) is surprisingly obese, given it's an EXTREMELY wealthy area (avg home price is >$1 million) and also not racially diverse. Compare it with the nearby Herndon and Reston areas, both of which are very mixed, both economically and racially. Interestingly, this pattern is the opposite of what you see when comparing NW DC with the rest of the city. NW DC is more white and wealthy, but slimmer. The rest of the city is relatively poorer and more diverse, and also more obese. I just noticed the same (and made a similar comment in response elsewhere). The type of cycling in Amsterdam is certainly different than what I see here in DC. In Amsterdam, most bikes are the classic "Dutch" style utility bike - slow, stable, and easy to step down/off the bike. Here in DC, cyclists are almost universally on some variant of the "10 speed" - most with drop bars, higher COG, and higher average speeds. As a cyclist myself, I ride with or without helmet based on conditions. On my road bike or mountain bike? Helmet, always - I've had enough concussions to know I don't want another. My cruiser - usually no helmet, but it's use is almost exclusively below 10mph and on a bike trail, not roads. One could argue they're more likely to be traffickers when ON duty. Who's going to pull over the police and search them for drugs? Agreed. Modern cars, even the modest ones, are fast enough that they can get out of control very quickly. While the brakes certainly can slow a vehicle with its throttle stuck open, the real question is what impact does that stuck throttle have on the average driver? When the brake doesn't work as expected, does the average driver continue to brake? Do they pump the brake pedal? Something else altogether? How long does it take them to regain composure and act sensibly (in this case, putting the car in neutral while continuing to brake aggressively)? If that slowed reaction is more than some fraction of a second, accidents will happen. I hadn't even thought of pre-ABS drivers being taught to pump the pedal to avoid skidding. I was thinking of my old race car days, where a low pedal (boiled fluid or worse) could be temporarily reversed by a few pedal pumps to bring up the line pressure. If you want easily swappable batteries, get a different machine. Does Apple make a user-serviceable laptop these days? I suppose you could switch to PC, but that's not as simple as spending your $3000 at BestBuy instead of the Apple store. Something feels "off" about a methodology that basically ranks all of the "top" state schools as poor values. Take the top-3 state schools in Virginia (by most other rankings, that's UVA, W&M, and VT). All three are nationally recognized. And all three are competitive that you need very good grades and a solid set of extra-curricular activities to be accepted. UVA ranks the lowest of the three, yet has the highest actual earnings. VT is ranked significantly higher with the middle earnings value. What does a student do with this? Cost of attendance at the three is similar. Should they attend VT with it's higher ranking, despite lower average earnings? Similar comments can be made about UNC-CH, UW-Seattle, UT-Austin. Also lacking from this analysis seems to be the loan burden borne by students. Georgetown and Villanova both rank very high in this list. But, both are insanely expensive to attend. Even with high actual earnings, it could take a decade or more for many students to pay off a potential six-figure loan. I guess I just find it extremely hard to believe almost all of the nations "top" state schools have a negative impact (actual earnings less than expected) on the students that attend. Maybe I need to dig into the source of the expected earning figures. I'm definitely biased to some degree, being a graduate of one of the state schools with a poor ranking - I'm sitting here wondering where else I could have gone to get a better value. I'm shocked that people continue to "showroom" items. The local Best Buy has a terrible selection of items and the employees don't know any more about the products than I do. It doesn't make any sense to go to Best Buy for anything at all - there is almost literally zero value added by a big chain electronics store. I don't get it? It lists a nonexistent pub in the middle of my subdivision (the street name contains the word "Tavern", maybe it got confused), the local pool, and my HOA's mailing address as places to go to avoid people. And when I click on any of those not-quite-real places, the map is in a seemingly random place. Tennessee, across the Potomac from me, or the west coast. What do hospitalization rates have to do with injury rates, with respect to head injuries? Totally anecdotal story, but when I had my last major bike crash (20mph crash during a race), I went to the ER to get checked out. I probably didn't need to go; I knew I had a concussion and lots of abrasions (and know how to treat both). This proves nothing about the efficacy of wearing a helmet. That depends on how you define emergency. Water-heater and car tires don't qualify as emergency for me. Heck, car tires are a regular maintenance expense. Emergency is something like the house burning down, the car getting stolen, or my health taking a turn for the worse. All of which I insure against. While they may not "worry" about the risk, they are certainly cognizant of it. Most wear helmets and gloves, many wear armor and leathers. In the case of a NEV, it's a 4-wheel car with doors... Unless told otherwise, most drivers are going to assume they meet passenger car safety standards. Hitchhiker-style carpooling is alive and well in DC. http://www.slug-lines.com/ All the major arteries into DC from Virginia have HOV lanes. At many major interchanges, there are parking lots. If you want a ride that doesn't take 2+ hours, you park at the interchange and hop in a stranger's car. Sure. I was simply replying to your point about getting in a stranger's car. This blog elicited a chuckle. My employer recently mandated JIRA for all teams, even those teams which have been using other agile tools for years. No good explanation was given. US is similar - slow passengers (elderly, kids, etc), first class, business/priority, then the rest. True, but there's always some dumbass with a "carry-on" that they've expanded (so it no longer qualifies). Or, they don't know which direction to place the bag. Or, they jam their suitcase, plus their briefcase and jacket in the overhead, taking space that should "belong" to somebody else. I'm far from a frequent flyer, but the number of passengers incapable of not screwing up the boarding process is amazing. Better economy, cheaper gasoline, but most importantly... numbers that weren't adjusted for population growth. Or, instead of new laws, parents could decline to use a product that requires sensitive personal information about their children for no good reason. How would one even measure how directly a degree is being used? Outside of pure professional degrees (medicine, law), is it just a gut feel? My degree is Economics. I'm a project manager at a large software company. Am I using my degree? Probably not directly, but I certainly use the critical thinking skills obtained during my years in school. A bit of the math comes in handy as well. The two largest programs at my university were English and Psychology. I guarantee very few of those graduates pursued careers in either field. But, a good psychology degree takes a fair bit of statistics with a dose of scientific method. And the English degree took critical reading and analysis. Merit scholarships and/or need-based grants. Skip the loans completely. Too many options for me. Analysis paralysis. When it was one new phone model, plus the discounted previous version, it was easy. Go to store, hand VISA to guy in red shirt, walk out with new phone. Now, I stare at the internet for hours, worry about which one will work best for me. Go to store, worry more, walk out without buying. And with the 5S being fast enough for most things, the main reason to upgrade is camera (but I have a Canon S100). And with carriers going to up-front retail pricing, what used to look and feel like a $99 purchase (pocket-change, even if it wasn't) is now a $700 purchase (def. not pocket-change - I can take a short vacation for that). Same with the iPads. It doesn't help that my iPad Mini Retina still works fine for it's primary use (reading), so no compelling reason to upgrade. I was only being slightly hyperbolic. Buying cars is awful. I will literally spend a year researching. And if a new model is released in that period, it really screw up the process. And regardless of what I buy, I second guess myself for months afterwards. No joke. I'm currently shopping for a compact system camera (micro 4/3 or similar). Same thing. Hours upon hours of research, can't decide. Grocery store, not a big deal. Cost is low and I'm not stuck with the items for years. Admittedly, this is a personal problem, and not one of Apple's creation. Lenses are too big a concern. Whichever way I go, I'll probably stick to the kit zoom, plus a wied-ish pancake prime for carry-around. Two counter-points... 1. Computers in classrooms have rarely, if ever, been deployed to entire classrooms in the way that tablets can be. Typically, you'll see one or two PCs in a class, plus a computer lab. PCs don't distract in the same way iPads can. 2. Calculators do make people worse at math. I saw this first-hand with my son. As he went through school, they used calculators for everything. Students began to rely on the calculators for simple arithmetic and took the answers provided as gospel, not realizing that garbage in = garbage out. He, along with many of his peers, never really developed the fluency in math to say to themselves "hmm, that answer looks suspect. Let me try again." Of course, and we did. But, I continue to believe that allowing calculators on ALL mathematics work from a young age does the student a disservice. Calculators certainly have their place, but elementary school arithmetic is not that place.