Five years isn't really enough experience to be a serious tech lead or a high-end consultant. Come back when you have ten years. The guys I know who are making over $100k WERE those "amazing programmers" five years into their career, but now they're twenty years in. I was an amazing programmer five years in as well, but I wasn't worth $100k even in today's dollars. You need more experience than that! VCs don't necessarily care about profitability either. They're looking for a liquidity event - either M&A or IPO. Profitability is only useful insofar as it helps achieve the desired liquidity event at maximum valuation. More to the point, large investors cause a short-term growth focus, because they're looking for 5-20x returns over the course of a few years. But as others have said, do you want to be rich, or do you want to be king? If you want to make a great product and are willing to take your time to do it, don't take investor money any more than you must, so you aren't beholden to their interests - because "make a great product" isn't their interest. As a 40-something who is 20 years into his career, I don't think I'm a particularly better PROGRAMMER than I was about five years in. But there is SO much more to being a useful tech than programming! And I'm much more sophisticated about big-picture thinking, business, and planning these days. Back when I was barely past "junior", I got to work on some really cool software at a dotcom-era startup. Technically, it was a blast. As a business decision, it was absolutely idiotic, and it was a massive management failure to have us wasting our time on it at all. (Basically, the idea was that six man-months of code at the time would save the company millions in the future. Which would have been true, if it HAD a future. Never, ever waste precious development effort on something that can be bought easily off-the-shelf and isn't core competence for your product! That's not even a good use of time in an established company, much less a ticking-clock startup!) As I'm prone to saying, I cost as much as two junior programmers, but I can do things that two junior programmers can't do. And actually, cost is one of the problems older programmers have... senior == expensive. On the other hand, if you're in the industry for 20+ years and haven't found a way to make yourself and your work more valuable than what some drone straight out of college can do, but you expect to get paid more than said drone, you're asking to get sidelined. The problem isn't the myth that older programmers are less flexible than younger ones. The problem is that so many older programmers haven't attended to their careers in a way to make themselves substantially more valuable than some pliant kid. It's not enough to do the kid's job better... you have to do things the kid CANNOT do. This reminds me of a conversation with an old friend... a pic of the two of us when I was 20 or so appeared on Facebook, and he asked that if 20 year old me met today's me, what would surprise him most? I replied that it would be how today's me kept calling 20 year old me "dumbass". Mmm, Trello. It's the ONLY software Kanban implementation I've used that's worth a crap. All the rest either feel like broken toys, or suffer from feeping creaturitis, or both. Note to other Kanban software developers... features suck. "Features" are the antithesis of Kanban. That said, though, even Trello isn't as good as a board with Post-It notes attached. Its only real advantage is that Trello is portable. First, Kanban tends to be a small-group thing, even within large businesses. I'm sure someone in IBM is going to pay $200/year for a site license, but I doubt IBM is going to make a strong, centralized license control. Heck, it's not worth the TIME for a team to have the three meetings and twenty emails required, not for $200. And really, why should they have a complex pricing model? It's not like Trello is expensive to develop/support/operate. If they can get 10k organizations to buy a $200 license, they make a cool $2M for a not-complex piece of software with a not-complex business model. That's a very high profit margin, and still cheap enough to repel price-based competition (even free). I think I need to write up the Dependency Perversion and Perversion of Control antipatterns one of these days... after all, they're far more applicable to real-world software development. I struggle with that myself. My attitude toward people who aren't accomplishing much with their lives is "Well, work harder!" But while much of my own success is due to hard, focused work, much of it is also due to raw intelligence and talent. Not everyone has that. Their direct competitors are Porsche and Ferrari, not Ford and Toyota. They're GOOD. I love how Aston styling has affected Ford. Here's an ongoing frustration... I'm currently working on a startup while maintaining a day job, which means LOTS of hours. I'm often (usually) working until I go to bed. Now, I'm at my best productivity code-wise when I first start working in the morning (no, not a morning person). So I'd like to get up earlier and put in a couple of hours on the startup in the morning, before I have to go do the dayjob - give my best couple of hours to MY work rather than someone else's work. Working two hours from 6am-8am would be more productive for me than working two hours from 10pm-12am. But when I'm working late at night, it's really hard to let it go and tell myself to pick it up in the morning. Knowing logically that this is true isn't enough. Sigh. Even though I'm from a technical background, I'm finding that I really enjoy the business side of things, enough that I would (and will) happily cut programming responsibility loose whenever I can find a technical CTO, or even a good lead programmer. But when there's no one you can trust with the work, and you know how to code, it's very easy and very tempting to spend an evening up to your elbows in code. It's safe and comfortable. But if I wanted safe and comfortable, I wouldn't be trying to start a company, now would I? As a former C programmer who truly loves C... I wouldn't use it DIRECTLY for anything except things that couldn't be done in any other language, things where you really need that fine-grained memory control for performance or deeper technical issues. By all means, wrap code in more abstract languages! I feel the same about Coffeescript. A while back, I spent a couple of months as a full-time Javascript coder. I like a lot of things about JS, but the line-noiseish syntax (especially around callbacks and anonymous function declaration) was damned annoying. Compared to its elegant-syntax contemporaries like Ruby and Python, it felt awkward. Coffeescript is a hack, yes, but it's a nice one. It plagiarizes some of the best syntax ideas from more graceful languages (list comprehensions, splats, whitespace significance, etc), and adds them to the good ideas and functionality of JS. I agree that in order to write good Coffeescript, you should be able to write good Javascript too, in order to see the gotchas. But that doesn't mean a preprocessor is a bad thing, not if it gives this much readability and functionality. Sadly, I think there's a bit of machismo involved in the sneering at Coffeescript, not a real technical issue. More numbers == harder to read. The point is not to give an accurate picture (as someone else pointed out, they certainly have more detailed internal metrics). The point is to make potential customers feel that their apps are fast and responsive. Hard numbers make that sound plausible. More detailed numbers would make the point diffuse and confusing. Alcohol laws in America are crazy. In Kentucky, there's a joke about how you know you've crossed a county line when the potholes end and the liquor stores begin. I live in Minnesota, where our liquor laws date back to the era when being a liberal meant you were for women voting and against ANYONE drinking. It was a big deal when we finally got to keep bars open til 2am, a few years back. We can't buy alcohol in stores on sundays, and grocery stores can't sell anything stronger than 3.2 "near beer". You have to go to a real liquor store for even wine and beer, much less hard liquor. Did you hit timing issues with fundraising? Something I see coming for me is that I want to start generating revenue before actually getting funding (as Buffer did), but I can't afford to fully surrender a substantial income during the transition from dayjob+startup to allstartup. Ah, to be in my twenties and happy with ramen-profitable again... At any rate, I want a fairly tight window between getting the revenue stream started and getting funded enough to make a living and hire more people. Any advice for keeping the size of that window down? Thanks, that's very helpful! Much of my problem is that I'm coming into this as a full-fledged grownup - twenty years in the industry, two college-aged kids, mortgage, car payments, etc. What cushion I have is my retirement money, and my spouse will only let me burn just so much of that before she loses patience. I could maybe get a few months of pure bootstrapping in, but the drop from a six figure income to less than minimum wage is very steep indeed. Right now, it's 20+ hours a week on the startup in my "copious spare time". What worries me is the pain waiting for me when the rubber meets the road... the support time and emergency fixes needed when I have real, paying customers. That's when the conflict between dayjob and startup will truly loom large. But what the hell, I WILL make it work. I'm done with working for other people. I've already signed my Declaration of Independence, but if I want my freedom, I'm going to need to survive my Valley Forge as well. On the plus side, my wife has a high-paying IT job as well, so we won't starve immediately. And I'm kind of boggled at how much I've managed to build, effectively solo (legal help only), in the past six months. But I have another six before it's really money-ready, I think. GM already had this, with the Chevy Volt (a very interesting concept in its own right). But the problem is, despite a highly sensible transition approach from gasoline to electric, it's still a CHEVY. It's built to Chevy construction standards, Chevy aesthetics. Oh, it's you. I was going to go to Minicon in Minneapolis just to meet you, but you didn't make it shakes fist in impotent rage . I still recommend "Halting State" to all my programmer friends, and "Accelerando" to the paranoids. Thanks for the laughs. :) Oh yes, I remember the circumstances. :) Totally understand, and glad your wife is okay! Hopefully we'll see you at Minicon or somewhere else Minneapolis-ish someday. So is there no NEW development going on? Is this just maintenance? If there are new pieces, maybe they'd have a chance to work in newer tech. Also? The way you framed this question seethes with condescension. "beta buzzy framework" and "craplication" and "version numbers http://www.12factor.net ), and it's led me to the conclusion that mainstream enterprise middleware as expressed in J2EE is fundamentally wrong. Application servers are an inherently bad idea. That said, my own coding is currently leaning toward Node.js for server stuff. I'm using Neo4j for data and it turns problems right on their ear - for my space (not all spaces), it's a million times better than relational and a thousand times better than document databases. So I'm looking for languages/frameworks that make my particular use of Neo4j more graceful. Started with Rails, but gave it up as the ActiveRecord ORM is kind of Neo4j-hostile in practice. I expect this is true of most ORM solutions (hence the R, for "relational"), so maybe I can make it better in a lighter-weight system. At any rate, there are no silver bullets, but plenty of wooden ones. I lump PHP in that category. If there's an existing PHP app, then by all means maintain it, but don't use it for new projects! Hell YES fire a client! It's not just about money. It's about grief and stress. Don't work for people who want to set up a Panopticon because they think you're cheating them. Just... no. My feels, let me to you show them! :) Thinking of my wife, who mockingly calls founders of early stage startups "living room CEOs". I was in a fundraising presentation with a couple dozen hopefuls a while back, and realized that I was in a whole roomful of living room CEOs (I already knew my own status in this regard - see she's my wife, above). And I realized, with fascinating clarity, what my next goal is... to advance from living room CEO to paper millionaire! Get a round of angel funding with a sufficiently high valuation that my post-investment share is worth at least a million. Doesn't mean I could sell it for a million, but at least on paper I'd be rich! If you want to sell a million dollars' worth of product, there's a quantity/quality of sale ratio. You can sell a million people something that costs a buck, or a thousand people something that costs a thousand, or one person something that costs a million. Hidden inside this is a problem that affects all startups, not just education... there's no money to be made selling to poor people, because they don't have much money. Poor people aren't thousand dollar customers, generally. If you want to get rich selling to them, you need deep/broad market penetration. So to make money on an education business, you either need very broad use (at least six figures of users), or something of very high value to those who can afford it - the thousand people for a thousand dollars model (much more than that, and you're actually selling to institutions). When we say "startup" around here, we're specifically talking about a pretty narrow economic model... angel/venture funded software companies targeting $10M-$100M+ annual sales in less than a decade. It needs those hockey-stick graphs to justify the investment. How do you get that? There are probably spaces that can be exploited by startups - mobile software that simplifies the lives of college students in the under-$100 range, for example. But really, I think the innovation mostly has to come as entrepreneurship within institutions. Finished is better than perfect, every time. I say this constantly to creative people who struggle with your problem. I've solved it myself by making "finished" a hard goal and habit, and leaving a trail of completed projects behind me. Here's the thing... smart, creative people generate ideas at an appalling rate. Each new idea is a temptation. The trick is to sort through them, learn to ignore ideas that don't REALLY grab you. Go back and work on the existing ideas, the ones that have already grabbed you. Keep working on them even when they're frustrating or boring or seem impossible. Next trick... have an exit strategy. Have a clearly defined "done" point. You won't finish if you don't know what "finished" means. Next trick... deadlines. Set deadlines for interim goals, and interim goals small enough to feel reachable. Learn from Agile development techniques. You can do Agile even as a one-person shop. Have you TRIED it? You can try things like a Kanban (Trello is awesome) to roll work forward out of your backlog. Or a to-do list. But the simple fact is, you will always have more work to do than you have bandwidth to do it, if you're a remotely interesting person. So sure, some things will "disappear". That's okay. If they DON'T disappear, other things won't get done. Aquihire is a failure mode. Company builds a good team, but the product can't get enough traction to be sold on its own merits. ${BIGCORP) swoops in and buys out the company for a LOT less than it would be worth with a successful product, ditches the product and handcuffs the team. It's a less awful ending for a startup than going bankrupt and folding the company, but it's not an actual business plan! Sheesh, if I'm pouring a few years of my life into creating a product, I hope it's more than an elaborate flirtation to get hired at Google with a signing bonus! It's probably because of a sense that Zuckerberg and his ilk are "one of us" because they're in the same industry we are. That's hardly true; they have very different interests than the average coder. If you're a programmer and want to donate to people defending your interests in the political realm, consider EFF instead. Don't disagree with any of this. Acqui-hire isn't ideal, but it's better than the alternative, which is starting over. Well, it needs reformed. When there are 11 million undocumented workers in the country, there's clearly a market distortion going on. The problem is, we have a demand-side problem (need for unskilled or semi-skilled labor), but insist on treating it with supply-side solutions (Higher walls! More deportation!). That's not going to work. The nimble small businesses of illegal immigration will easily come up with new ways to bring them in faster than slow government can plug the leaks. Leaving morality out of it, it's not an EFFECTIVE approach. And it's a frustrating situation, because it turns many ordinary, otherwise law-abiding Americans into tacit criminals, consciously or unconsciously hiring undocumented workers to do basic stuff like wash the dishes or mow the lawn. And the illegal workers live in fear and don't participate in the processes they should, like getting driver's licenses. A sensible visa system could address the supply side by giving a legal mechanism for a sufficient number of workers, reducing demand for illegals, and would allow those newly legal workers to participate without fear as residents, if not citizens. It would reduce crime and stress. Facebook's interests are served by trading favors. FB has money and branding - that's its currency in Washington. And in Washington, legislators have complex agendas and constantly trade favors. So in order to get some legislator's support for the immigration reform they want, they offer to support something they don't care about normally (in this case, the Keystone pipeline). If you only think about your own interests in a narrow sense, you will be continually steamrollered by those with broader minds and agendas. Talk itself (that is, marketing) can be a "minimum viable product". Enough to make sales. But I think that's more valuable in the Kickstarter world of making things you can kick. In software, the standard is usually (not always) higher. As a consumer myself, I'm a lot more willing to pay for the promise of a physical product, than to pay for the promise of software. A brilliant and tenacious person can fail due to bad luck, but you can't succeed at the billionaire level WITHOUT being brilliant and tenacious. So bad luck can be a factor, but good luck is not, really. Good luck might separate the billionaires from the millionaires, maybe. Before even delving into development beyond the internal spikes, put together your business model! You should have a pretty good idea who (and how numerous) your customers are, how much they're willing to pay, and how to reach them. Once you have those, you have some revenue numbers. From there, you can extrapolate at least a rough outline of a business plan. If you can't figure out who the customers are or what they'll pay or how to get them to pay, then maybe you're sitting on a nice open source project instead. Lack of a business objective doesn't mean you shouldn't do it, but maybe it means you shouldn't try to make a living from it. Really? I think the "gold-plated resumes" are off taking dull, mainstream management jobs and settling for upper middle class. And connections are ALWAYS made by hard work, if they're of any real value at all. Most rich people are self-made, and if you want to get their support (ie angel investors), they have to really believe you're one of them - that you'll earn your riches, not be born into it. The very mentality it takes to be a good founder, to really go for broke with a startup, is at odds with the gold-plated resume. Gates and Zuckerburg dropped out of Harvard. They didn't get those delicious "Harvard connections", because Harvard simply wasn't good enough for their ambitions and talent. I was writing about just this tension recently... http://www.baqbeat.com/2013/04/27/the-product-is-the-marketi... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_income_guarantee The solution is simple. You simply give every adult citizen enough money every year to insure that they can afford food, shelter, and other basic needs. Give it to everyone, rich or poor, same amount. BAM! No more poverty, except in self-inflicted cases (drug addiction, for example), or things like severe and very expensive illness (which are covered by other means). This can be paid for in large part by the abolition of welfare systems, unemployment, Social Security, etc. The stock criticism is that people wouldn't work, because they wouldn't have to. Frankly, I don't want such poorly motivated people working anyway, because they're not productive. And anyone who wants more than barely-poverty will get a job or start a business. Another nice feature is that this supports people who want to do something productive but not financially valuable - charity work, ministry, art. I don't think anyone actually PREFERS to be homeless, except for a few exotics. Most of the homeless in America are that way due to either a: unfortunate economic circumstances, or b: mental illness that precludes normal social functioning. There are exceptions that prove the rule. But "most" is an excuse. As Paul Graham said on a different thread yesterday, if you have a choice between two explanations and one justifies you being lazy, choose the other one. Yes, but I also figure that anyone smart enough to effectively game the welfare system is smart enough to do substantially better than what even gamed welfare can provide. And wouldn't some other business step in then and undersell them? Supply and demand, man. And yes, there would still be people who blew their GMI money on drugs and wound up homeless. And there would still be charities to help them. Back in the day, President Reagan insisted that all decisions he needed to make be given to him in the form of a one page memo with a yes/no checkbox. We made fun of him for being stupid back then, but now I appreciate the wisdom of it. If he needed to know more, he could always ask, but a one-page yes/no decision forced some efficiency. Of course, the effectiveness of this approach depends a great deal on the quality of your staff. Ultimately, software is about getting specific answers to non-specific questions. Given the astounding productivity ratio between a great developer and a mediocre one, a treat like an unexpected bonus is a very good way to ensure loyalty. If he's an unexpectedly good developer who was underpriced due to external market factors, his price will go up anyway once those factors are stabilized. Better to be the customer who recognized and rewarded his value first - that will make him loyal to YOU, and willing to go an extra mile later. Otherwise, you're just waiting til you need him again, and you can't get him, because he's booked and you're Just Another Customer. edit: This made me think of a delightful documentary, "Herb and Dorothy", about a couple of ordinary middle class New Yorkers who became major collectors of modern art. They were always bleeding edge and bought from a lot of later-famous artists when those artists were deciding between rent and food some months. So later on, the artists would be rich and famous, but still cut special price deals for Herb and Dorothy, deals ordinary collectors would never get - because they were the first buyers to recognize the artist's worth. This is relevant to my interests. As a configuration engineer who occasionally programs ("one-man devops team", a co-worker called me), I've looked at Javascript with disdain. A two-month stint as a full time Javascript programmer (in extjs) a while back didn't help that... the language felt awkward and unnecessarily crufty to me. But now that I'm developing from scratch for my own startup, I'm finding myself back at Javascript. Node.js is actually solving problems for me as a server, and I'm plowing through a number of Javascript animation tools for data visualization problems (D3 is currently winning). And discovering CoffeeScript has made the whole process more pleasant, hiding the unaesthetic syntax issues and giving me best-of-breed features from elegant languages like Python, Ruby, and Haskell. List comprehensions in Javascript? Yes, please! I'm not to the point where I can find charm in the icky parts yet, but I'm finding Javascript solves problems I can't solve elegantly any other way, and CoffeeScript goes a long way toward hiding the cruft. I don't see why this is such a big deal. I've been able to send money via gmail for a long time now! My penis is bigger, I can get drugs from Canada, my hair has grown back, and I've discovered long-lost wealthy relatives in Nigeria! Thanks for posting this! As a pre-beta startup, AL looks like an interesting way to generate funding, but using it effectively is a bit baffling. C'est la vie. My big concern now is getting customers, not funding. Technically, their collection was worth many millions of dollars, if they'd parted it out rather than donating it. For a totally alternative and HN-relevant take on this subject, see http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/04/fashion/art-and-techology-... , a NY Times article about the uncomfortable relationship between the traditional art collecting world and the new tech millionaires. As someone actively involved in the art world (photography, music, dance, and theater) as well as the tech world, this article made sense to me. A lot of it, though, gets down to the art world simply not understanding their (potential) customers. The art cognoscenti have traditionally sold a sense of elitism and insiderism that is, frankly, alien to most programmers. If they want rich programmers to support the world of fine art, they need to find a way to make it valuable in non-financial terms. Programmers simply don't value "taste" the same way (see PG's excellent essay on taste here for a different take). You could easily liken it to being angel investors in Silicon Valley. A middle class couple might become great at it, but they wouldn't be able to pull it off in Sheboygan. Reflecting on death is boring. That "sigh" moment is really important. If you want the benefits of good habits like TDD, you need to make them rewarding at the micro as well as macro level. More carrot, less stick. Finally, an INTERESTING article about the Yahoo/Tumblr thing. Look up "qualified investor". Opening ownership shares up to literally thousands (if not millions) of not-qualified investors makes it impossible to get proper funding from VCs later. Imagine having to get signatures from 100,000 ten dollar investors, just to get a million dollars. Crazy. Pick the one that feels gut-right, and look for reasons to shoot it down. Giving yourself a menu of choices leads to analysis paralysis. Better yet, back it up a level... why do you need a dedicated server, rather than cloud hosting? Dedicated servers go strongly against industry trends. Well, why was it posted to HN in the first place? Because of the Yahoo/Tumblr sale. That makes it relevant. Not saying that cloud over dedicated host is the answer. Saying that it is an important question (and the answer should be application-specific). When you find your business decisions going against the herd, you should really ask yourself WHY you're going against the herd, because our herd is pretty smart. That doesn't mean you should never go against, just that you should make sure you're thinking it through. Bah. How much coverage do we get for, say, some random has-been celebrity's drunken arrest versus wars that cost a lot more than $11B? What the media chooses to cover (and what consumers choose to read, since we no longer have the limited-sources excuse) has pretty much nothing to do with the actual big-picture importance of the events. This is a straight-up technological disruption of an existing sales channel. The third-party dealerships are an artifact of primitive 20th century supply chain management - they're basically a caching mechanism to handle latency in the network, to put it in computerese terms. With the power of computers and online ordering, Tesla has no need for these dinosaurs. They can "cut out the middleman and pass the savings on to you", terms every consumer can understand. The fear for the dealers is not that Tesla will go around them, but that other manufacturers will follow. The big car makers already have experience setting up alternative brands to play with techniques that are too radical for their mainstream business (remember Saturn?), so it would be easy enough for something like GM spinning the Volt off as a new car company, not just a Chevy, and running Tesla-style sales. If that happens, dealers are doomed. If he was going to cave, he'd have caved already. There's nothing in it for Tesla now. The whole attempt to force Tesla into the existing supply chain model, at ZERO demonstrable benefit to consumers, looks bad politically. No politician will want to be seen publicly defending the dealers. Shorter Audi: Tesla may be outselling us at our flagship range, but since they don't sell cars that cost half as much, we're better, and we're not going to talk about what happens when they start selling cars that cost half as much... Now here's an interesting question, or maybe some interrelated questions. First, will Tesla be able to manufacture profitably in the sub-$50k range (competing with the Audi/BMW/MB low end), with a car that is range-comparable to the S? In other words, can they build a genuinely useful electric drivetrain for about the same price as an internal combustion drivetrain? Next, as they start spinning up long-term reliability figures (real people driving real Teslas in real conditions for the 100k+ miles we expect today), will costs remain comparable? Third, how long will it take Audi/BMW/Lexus/etc to develop fully electric cars of their own that are performance-comparable and compatible with whatever public charging systems start to develop? Good luck with that. Got a few years? Something those who think "work for hire" and "you should own the IP" don't seem to understand... a huge part of being a good photographer is being a good EDITOR, and learning to keep only the very best images. I'm not a "professional" in the full time sense, but I've released professional work. My "keep rate" is 2-3%. I'm simply rejecting 49 out of every 50 photos I take. I do not EVER want ANYONE to see those other 49. Many are just plain bad, and even the good ones aren't good enough for my critical standards. Because of this, I would not under any circumstances sign a work-for-hire contract as a photographer. No good photographer I know would do that. Something else to consider... for many photographers, the editing process is inseparable from the photo. The in-camera raw image is only an intermediate step. I don't know how many times I've been asked for a complete set of raw images by models or performers (I mostly shoot dance performance), and they've reacted with surprise to my flat NO answer. I'm not willing to let someone else make aesthetic decisions on my raw images, except perhaps in cases where I consider the person an artistic peer and treat it as a co-project. Camera software and automated exposure and focus have drastically reduced the technical barrier. As a photographer, I'm both amused and appalled by people who spend two grand on a camera, leave it on "Auto", realize their photos suck, and wonder if they should buy an even more expensive camera. If you don't have a computer best-guessing exposure for you and you don't understand exposure yourself, you're screwed. If you understand exposure, you don't NEED the computer to make guesses for you. My expensive DSLR is set to manual, so I don't have the computer "guess" the wrong thing. Sports journalists don't have to worry about some bridezilla taking their images, soft-filtering them and adding glowing pink hearts, and publishing every single one, no matter how awful. Their work-for-hire is going to professional editors. This is a VERY important distinction. There is if artistic integrity matters. Think about the culture you want to create. Who do you want to attract as customers? How will they be able to express themselves? And how will they find others they're interested in? If you're thinking actual social space startup, that's a HARD row to hoe right now, unless you have a really crystal-clear new idea. It's a mature, saturated market that isn't in terrible need of disruption that I can see. The only really interesting entry in that field that I've heard of lately is Bang With Friends. Going to Washington won't disrupt politics. IGNORING Washington will disrupt politics. Create an alternative center of power - one that values freedom and meritocracy. That means being independent of Big Money as well as Big Politics. Startup advice ! = How Google did it. I read a ton of startup advice, but I consciously filter out the corner cases like Google and Facebook. I'm a lot more interested in how the thousands of less famous companies have succeeded (or failed). No, there's coupling involved. Every paying job I've ever gotten as a photographer, I've gotten due to my artistic qualities. This isn't universal, but it's common. So releasing work that undermines my artistic integrity also undermines my commercial appeal. Besides, art is WHY many of us take up photography! When you just whore out your work for money, it's demoralizing. You think less of yourself as an artist, and as a person. My twin children spent seven years in Minnesota charter schools - one at one school, six at another, ultimately graduating high school. Overall, the experience was extremely positive. The reason is obvious to me... there is no single "right" way to educate a child. Every child is different, and has different needs. Techniques that work well for one student can work poorly for another, or even be counterproductive. Charters allow more technique flexibility and focus than mainstream schools. The first charter my kids attended, in sixth grade, was awful for them. They were miserable and got bad grades. Does that mean it was a bad school? No, it's a great school! But it was a bad school for my children . The rigid, Catholic-like environment of that first school is great for regular kids who could use a more disciplined environment, but for neuroatypicals, it sucked. The second school we tried was absolutely wonderful. It followed a project-based learning curriculum that gave children a lot of control over their own learning, but also demanded a lot of responsibility. My oddball children (and the herd of aspies, ADD cases, and queers that accompanied them) thrived in this environment. But frankly, I think it would be a bad school for most kids. It's too demanding. Charters are in part about experimentation. And some experiments will fail. It's not a good idea to conduct large-scale, risky educational experiments on involuntary subjects - mainstream schools. But for parents and kids who CHOOSE to try new things, the opportunities are fantastic. Sadly, most people's opinions of charters are knee-jerk political reflex, rationalized with "results" that have nothing to do with how parents or kids feel about their education. Charter schools that have a specific educational approach will attract a certain kind of teacher. At the charter my kids attended, teachers would either come and be gone in a year (they didn't get it), or they would become totally devoted to the cause, to the point where it would be difficult for another school to lure them away even if they tried. Moreover, charters with a clearly-defined academic approach attract a certain kind of student, and a certain kind of parent. So you're not getting a flat, level field of either teachers or students (what I call a "perfectly spherical cow"). You're getting a selective subset of both teachers and students, which will bias the results right there. You're wrong. Charter schools do NOT get to select, at least not in Minnesota (and states that allow selectiveness are being dumb). You are right, though, in that you're starting with a pool of students whose parents care enough to look for something better and take an active role in their children's education. You might have a problem with that. If so, I suggest you read Harrison Bergeron. That gets into state-by-state law. In Minnesota, all charters have lotteries (and those that can't "sell out" and completely fill their classrooms will probably have financial problems). States that allow charters to be selective are on a bad path, imho. Like public schools, charters should be required to accept any students who apply and get through the lottery. It's not just selection bias, though. Charters, having distinctive education styles, will be more appropriate for some students and less appropriate for others. The other layer of "selection bias", then, is that parents/children will be more inclined to charters that seem more suitable for their own needs. For example, in MN, we have a number of Somali-language bilingual charters for our massive Somali immigrant population. Fantastic option for Somali immigrant kids. Not so fantastic for other kids. That's not just selection bias on parental involvement, that's appropriate environment for the kids' needs. Look at it another way - charters provide involved but financially poor parents with the sort of focused alternatives formerly available only to the parents that could afford private schools. And more bluntly, I find it really frustrating that diversity is a liberal value EXCEPT when it comes to education. The real value of charters imho is diversity, not superiority. Give kids a chance to be educated in a a manner suited to their own minds and personalities, not trapped in a one-size-fits-most-but-really-sucks-for-others system. I grew up in an abusive home with parents who didn't give a shit. So did a lot of successful people. Allow the students and parents to be selective, not the schools. This supports market segmentation (a good way to look at it), but doesn't introduce actual unfairness. What you're talking about is more like the case of Abercrombie and Fitch refusing to make clothes for people that they don't find attractive size-wise. That's fine for private business, but not appropriate for publicly-funded systems like schools. It does, however, disprove yours. edit: More to the point... if I could have attended the fine charter my kids attended, I would have had a better trajectory overall. But more important than the schooling was my innate talent and determination. I'm way over on the nature end of the nature-vs-nurture scale. Bad families and bad schools make the success formula more difficult for kids, but not impossible. But if you create charter schools and DON'T allow them to choose their students (but let students choose them - the MN system), and you DON'T fund them over and above the mainstream schools (the MN system)... well, then your "social injustice" argument comes up kind of thin. The schools can't select, and the schools don't get extra resources, so any bias is entirely due to the will of parents/students to pursue alternatives, and the extra flexibility of the charters. What this DOES result in is at best marginal increases in test scores, but significantly happier parents, students, and teachers. To be fair, I think of Facebook more as a good microblogging platform than photo sharing. Unless more has changed than I expected, Flickr will still suck for that. This is relevant to my interests. As I develop my own enterprise SaaS product, my first-pass solution was to develop first as SaaS (to reduce my time to market), and later make an "enterprise" version that they could install themselves, on their own hardware, using a more traditional pricing model. I was dreading this because it sounds like a lot of work and support, but then my target market is businesses that have pretty severely broken internal processes, so they're probably backwards about pricing as well. I brought this up with a friend who works in enterprise sales and he cautioned me against it. His company did the same thing - for a while. They found it so problematic to support the "enterprise" version that it wasn't worth it, and now they're a pure SaaS play. They find it easier to solve the problem on the sales side (convince customers to go SaaS, and skip the ones that won't), than to "give the customer what they want". I suppose this is a case of choosing your customers. Software does indeed degrade over time - platform support (gee, do your Windows 3.1 apps run?), security flaws, etc. Bah. They're not "overpriced" as long as someone is willing to pay the price. Startup pricing is about as close to a frictionless transaction as we're going to see. What they're actually complaining about is that the YC companies are getting better terms from investors, thanks to PG/YC's deliberate efforts to shift the balance of power in favor of the founders. I'm not crying tears for them. They don't like the terms, they're welcome to walk away from the table. Pretty much, yeah. As organizations become larger, they become more risk-averse, which means more meetings and more approvals. So a lot of the work done in big enterprises is just either getting agreement, or chasing down information. I started my career the year my kids were born. I started my startup their freshman year of college. The years between? Corporate 9-5 jobs (technically, I'm still doing that, bootstrapping with a day job). It wasn't so much the time as the stability. I knew what my hours would be, and what my income would be. But with the kids basically adults now and able to care for themselves if needed, I feel much more free to take risks and do extensive off-hours work while ignoring them. As a plus on this, my startup idea is derived from my long career in enterprise software. It's a much more solid concept and more solid market than the sort of monetize-pictures-of-cats stuff that seems to infect young developers. I'm working on a real problem that I understand really well, for customers who have money and are willing to spend it. I'm far more likely to succeed now than I would have been 15 years ago. This is exactly the opposite of the music industry, which has been turning metal into fake rock for years. I've been in IT for ~20 years. I started in Unix systems programming, in C. in 2002, I shifted into Java/J2EE. Another decade later and I find myself shifting again, this time to modern lightweight systems (Rails, Node) and NoSQL (Neo4J). They're just languages, not that big a deal. What's more important is my ability to put problems in perspective. You're kidding, right? The end result of the 21st century will be that we will use every single gram of fossil fuel of every type (petroleum, natural gas, coal) that can be dug up for less cost than wind/solar. The more reserves we find, the more carbon winds up in the atmosphere. Environmental handwringing will be about as effective as standing in front of an oncoming train and whispering "stop, please". At best, the environmentalists will succeed in slowing fossil fuel consumption down by a decade or two before we hit the inevitable wall of it no longer being economically viable. Meanwhile, we'll slam into Hubbert's Peak at the global level some years before the dinosaur farts run out, resulting in a steep drop in energy availability and a steep increase in cost. This will send shockwaves through the global economy, and set off resource wars the likes of which we've never seen. If we're very, very smart, and very, very lucky, we won't see half the population of the Earth wiped out in resource wars and famine during this century. :( Future for how long? 10 years? 25? 50? 500? Indeed. China doesn't have the practice of actually projecting military force the way we do. On the other hand, long distance fuel transport is a highly vulnerable situation. It doesn't take much to bomb a pipeline into uselessness. I fear the odds favor localized terrorism over massive force. I think solar/wind becoming cheaper than fossil fuel substantially before the global Hubbert's Peak would fall under my "very, very lucky" clause. It's nice to hope for, and I do have my hopes up. But. :( Ah, but it WILL happen. Finite is finite. It's a thermal efficiency problem. Yes, you can theoretically turn atmospheric gasses (CO2 and water) into gasoline, but it requires a LOT more energy to create than you get out of it by burning on the back end. If there's sufficient surplus solar energy one of these days, it's great. Gasoline is just about the perfect energy source for vehicles, but petroleum is kind of a nasty source for gasoline. Unfortunately, it's the only net energy positive one. It stops when EROEI hits 1:1, though, and it's no longer possible to get a net positive energy result from recovery/refining. The tar sands are already in the 3:1 range. Corn ethanol is even worse, 1.3:1. In practice, it will stop before that, when the recovery costs exceed the cost of wind/solar. In the meantime, it will continue to be LESS expensive than unsubsidized wind/solar. I'm not so hopeful about electric cars. The nice version of the Tesla S has an 85kwh battery to accomplish adequate range, and its drivetrain is probably pushing 90% efficiency. It really does take 80-100kwh to drive a midsized sedan for 250+ miles. Even a doubling of battery power/weight ratio from now is optimistic. And charging times are tied to that massive storage - a 20kw source (the equivalent of a 200 amp circuit at home) would take over four hours to charge it. And that's, say, 20 amps at 1000 volts - enough to jump a spark a few feet and leave a smoking puddle where your shoes used to be if there's a problem. So faster charging requires specialized charging stations that must be carefully managed, a lead Tesla has taken. And even those stations can only do half-full on power. The battery won't take the abuse of high speed charging all the way. So the car tech is already here. The charging problem, on the other hand, is borderline unsolveable. First draw your curve, then plot your data. Cato isn't so much a "conservative think tank" as a mouthpiece for certain established financial interests, such as the oil industry. So Cato's job is not to produce facts and logic, but rather to produce propaganda that bears a surface resemblance to facts and logic, in order to put a thumb on the political scales. Tesla is what we in our little corner here call "disruptive innovation" - in this case, disrupting the automotive sector's dependence on the oil industry. This is a technically difficult and very expensive proposition, in the face of some extremely powerful vested interests at both the national level (Cato Institute for oil) and the local level (mandatory dealer laws in Texas, etc). Tesla is tackling this in part by relying on tax subsidies to consumers, based on the public good. Now, if tax subsidies benefit Cato's backers, then Cato is all for tax subsidies. But if tax subsidies threaten their backers, then Cato is suddenly all righteous about "free markets". Cato doesn't give a crap about free markets. And their backers are scared... Detroit and other non-US auto manufacturers are sorta-neutral third parties here. They're not in the oil business, they're in the car manufacturing business. If Tesla's disruption is successful, they'd much rather adopt Tesla's model and cut Big Oil loose, than go out of business manufacturing dinosaur-fart burners. So this post is mostly interesting in that grumbling about consumer tax subsidies on high-end luxury goods is the BEST they have. Tesla doesn't WANT to increase demand right now. That means scaling up manufacturing, which is extremely expensive and still kind of politically shaky. MUCH better for them to put a ceiling on demand with high prices, and simultaneously increase their profit margin. More money in the bank for later expansion, less debt, and less commitment to potentially flawed early designs. The Tesla Roadster was ridiculous, but the cash it generated and the lessons it taught them gave them the opportunity to scale with the S sedan. Now the S sedan will give them that same cash/lessons combination to expand with whatever comes next. This is no different than scaling a software startup, if you think about it. Because you have a widely experienced team and you don't know who might have the answer. Meetings are synchronous, email is asynchronous. The feedback loop is tighter. Standups get lots of bright minds in the same place at the same time. Standups let you know what else is going on, which is indeed useful. I've never understood this thing about silos and belittling out-of-band communication. The only way to get the Big Picture is to hear what other people are working on, preferably in an unfiltered manner. Then again, a lot of developers seem to prefer their little heads-down silo, worrying that their little room is uncomfortably warm without knowing the house is on fire. Email interrupts too, and probably worse because it happens ALL THE DAMNED TIME. Slicker systems like Campfire can be better, but you're still dealing with asynchronous versus synchronous communication. Synchronous is almost always more efficient. The whole problem with the OP's premise is that his root cause analysis is flawed. He sees that most meetings are inefficient, and therefore assumes inefficiency is caused by meetings. But meetings also provide other efficiencies. As long as the added efficiency outweighs the cost, meetings are a net win. Sooner or later, the federal government (and foreign governments as well) will attempt to crack down on Bitcoin, simply because they need to protect their monopoly on currency. Has nothing to do with right or wrong, or crimes that may be committed using Bitcoins. Hell, crimes are committed with cash all the time, but they aren't gonna crack down on THAT. Yet. I don't like how pricing is hidden, and then "per day" when finally dug in. It feels like it's trying to cover up for being more expensive than the vendor wants to admit. That, in turn, makes me as a potential customer suspicious. Starting a relationship on already-misleading terms isn't good. If you have no balance in your life, is it because startups are that hard, or because you have no balance? (Yes, it's a tautology, or perhaps recursion) Is the startup just a means of running away from other things by running toward something else? Is it fundamentally different from, say, alcoholism, or serial monogamy, or any other semi-consciously self-destructive behavior? Of course, there are sacrifices to be made. But ultimately, it's about priorities. If your startup is SO important that you're losing your health or your marriage, then there's something wrong with how you're prioritizing. The startup can still get MOST of your time (like any career), but without ruining you. Once you've learned a complex skill, it can seem very easy to you - and you no longer see that it's not-easy to the point of impossible for many others. Most people don't have the talent or patience to learn it at all. Besides software, I play guitar. I've played guitar for over 30 years now. I long ago passed a level of mastery on the instrument, and my attention is focused on expression rather than technique. When working with other guitarists, it can be difficult to even comprehend that they haven't mastered their instruments technically, that things I do without thinking are hard for them to even understand, much less do. And frankly, most of them will never, ever master their instruments. Software's the same way. It takes, at least, several years to really master it to the point where the act of coding itself no longer gets in your way and dominates your thinking, and you can focus on problems of expression rather than technique. The value of tools like Rails is that they further reduce the technical friction, getting you closer to expressiveness. And THIS is why coders are worth it. There's work that needs to be done, work that has real market value, and a very limited number of people with the mastery needed to perform the work. And yeah, most startups are crap, but the big wins are big enough to justify risk on a bunch of small losers, so the market is there. I just wish I could make a living as a guitarist. It's more interesting and challenging. First, consider building it as a SaaS web app rather than a desktop app. I don't want to be tied to my desktop with it! I want to be able to see things from my phone, other computers, etc. More importantly, what does this offer me that I can't get elsewhere, for free? There are a zillion bug tracking apps already. You need to offer something I can't get elsewhere. Don't think too much about price, or about making it inexpensive in order to get more customers. I value my personal time at $100/hour, so if an app can save me just one hour, it's worth $100. But it has to not only be worth an hour, it has to be worth an hour above my alternatives. Depends. What problem are you trying to solve? If your problem is mere employability, you've already solved that. Actual work experience with Rails and a modern stack (with the added plus of a four year degree, albeit non-CS) is enough for a massively buzzword-compliant resume. And with a business degree and that kind of education, you might be better off focusing on the business problem space rather than the programming space. Keep programming, but be a real-problem expert. Frankly, people who speak both programming and business adequately are more valuable than specialists who know one but not the other, in many/most cases. So you already have enough to choose your job. Missing a CS theory question in an interview should not be the difference between pay-rent and no-pay-rent for you. Therefore, the reason to learn deeper CS theory is because you WANT to learn it, because you find it interesting for its own sake, because you want to master your craft. That's good, that's pride. In that case, study some well-regarded algorithm/data structure books and other classics, do code katas (google it), maybe even go back to school and get an MIS degree. I'd also recommend learning languages. C in particular is important, because it will teach you how memory is managed. If you've never had to manage it manually, there are a lot of things you don't understand. This doesn't mean I recommend manual memory management (geez, if ANYTHING invites automation, it's memory management!), but it's good to understand how and why. "I don't need to be fast. I just need to be faster than you!" Your trail-covering only needs to be better than the investigation capability of those who are investigating your leak. That doesn't mean doing ANYTHING becomes acceptable. There are lines that shouldn't be crossed. We can debate what those lines should be, but you're suggesting there are no lines. I sometimes feel I'm at a disadvantage by working on a startup that just provides incremental improvement for a well-understood problem for well-defined customers. It's like making money isn't cool enough. I feel your pain. I'd love to find a co-founder to share load, but no luck so far. :( But if you have a working product and paying clients, you should definitely go seek funding. It'll slow down your development, but you're in a much better position because you're already selling. You need a registration-free link for this. If you get the right lighting (early evening is best), such storms have even MORE vivid colors than that. As a child of the midwest, I love watching supercells and the amazing colors and textures they can generate. Not crazy enough to chase them, though. I once watched a tornado tearing through a treeline in the country, realized that it could have a buddy hiding in the rain behind me, and sobered right up. The sub-headline of the dead-tree version of the St Paul Pioneer Press yesterday bothered to point out that he didn't have a high school diploma. Sigh. We must find SOME reason someone would report that America is spying on its own citizens. Couldn't possibly be patriotism. And there must be SOME reason that a guy who isn't formally credentialed by the appropriate authority figures could land a high-paying, important job. Couldn't possibly be talent. Well, it had to come from somewhere. But if that leak happened to be getting waterboarded by our freedom-loving allies in Khazakstan rather than a face and a name, it'd be easier to, um, keep quiet. +1. Now, how do I kill people on this MUD? That antique joke aside, most people don't know enough to know that they don't know. People who think Edward Tufte is a cartoon rabbit pontificating on design... is this really any worse than listening to them pontificate on Turkish politics, or the prime lending rate, or the relative merits of three star restaurants in foreign countries where they'll never eat? As a build/configuration management specialist, I'm boggled that continuous integration is STILL a controversial subject, and that so many developers have never been exposed to it. But, such is the sad state of our industry. Gun ownership has fuck all to do with the "need to overthrow the government some day". That's idiocy, that's lunacy. Go ask the Weather Underground or the Branch Davidians what happens when you have guns and think you can challenge the government. If you can't defend your desire to possess guns EXCEPT by threatening the rule of law, you have a shoddy argument. The same goes for "home defense". The purpose of rights is not defense against tyranny. If it is, then you're implicitly arguing that it would be okay to take your rights away, as long as there is no danger of tyranny. ps: I'm totally pro-gun. I think gun control arguments are flawed as well. But the pro-gun arguments made, including this one, are usually awful. I'm thinking about in the enterprise, not on the internet. I've seen supposedly adult engineers argue that establishing a repeatable build process will slow them down or cause the sun to set in the east or some such nonsense. And those are the senior people. There are a zillion junior programmers out there who have never discovered there are ways to build Java apps that aren't exporting a war file from Eclipse. :( What makes the domain name valuable? People stopped looking for services by domain name about ten seconds after Google was invented. Unless it's a brand name and trademark-sensitive, there's not much you can do. If you have a viable money-making idea, build it without the magical domain name, get rich, buy the domain. Where are you located? What you probably want right now is a seed round of angel investment, but that depends a lot on the angel community in your area. Go read everything Paul Graham (the guy who started YCombinator) ever wrote, for starters. And read Brad Feld's website as well. Those will give you a good insight into fundraising. A few things... First, don't place isolated works of genius against the mundane day-to-day work that most people do. Most of us aren't geniuses. I'm not an Einstein, and I'll never look good compared to him. Next, I don't think it's that vociferous a demand in the industry. Most of the industry still resists pairing, regardless of results. And certainly, nobody is saying that it's impossible to be productive unless you pair. Now, some positives for pairing. First, it's a risk management approach. Businesses generally aren't interested in maximizing productivity. They're interested in minimizing risk. Don't believe when they say otherwise, they're full of crap. (To be precise, they're interested in minimizing the APPEARANCE of risk more so than risk itself, but.) Depending too much on the results of individual programmers who could quit, be incompetent, or get hit by a bus is a business risk. By pairing, the knowledge gets distributed throughout the team. Moreover, it helps mentor junior programmers and integrate new staff. Beyond that, I just find it a useful technique in many situations. Programming requires thinking on several levels at once. I've found it very effective for the driver to focus on the individual lines of code, while the kibbitzer keeps track of the big picture. It also helps keep you going when you hit a roadblock, rather than checking Twitter and coming back to life two hours later. So there are real productivity gains to be had. Have you ever seriously TRIED pairing? tl;dr The ACLU is leading a particularly good suit. As a Verizon customer, their phone records were scanned as well. And as a legal firm handling cases where even the existence of a call to a lawyer is privileged information (ie govt whistleblowers), the system is clearly unconstitutional. I worked in a pair programming shop for nine years. What I saw was that some programmers couldn't handle it at all (you're probably one of them), but others took to it like a fish to water. I can go either way myself. But again, it's not about the productivity of the individual. It's about the productivity of the organization. If I put on a manager hat and one programmer can't deal with team processes, no matter how good she is, she's gone. If I want the benefits of pairing for a team, I won't hire programmers or keep programmers who can't deal with it. Code is not an end in itself, only a means to an end. Avoiding writing code is quite often a "cool hack". Actually, let me put this another way... back in the original dotcom era, I worked at a startup that decided to write a BIOS. With the amount of hardware we'd be selling, it'd save a million dollars! Well worth six man-months or so of work, right? WRONG. That was six man-months of critical programmer time when the time and money was running out, and all we learned was that we couldn't do it in a 512k PROM (not with our design anyway), and upgrading to a 1mb PROM would have cost more than a license from Phoenix for their BIOS. That's what happens when you let the inmates run the asylum. Programmers are fools, for the most part. They don't understand what problem they're really trying to solve. We thought we were solving a cost-of-production problem for a fully scaled business. That wasn't the problem. The PROBLEM was NOT DYING. And that meant getting a working product out the door as quickly as possible, even if it cost more. It's a step in the right direction, all right - or at least a step ahead of the backslide. But an os update and a new case for an old product is hardly the stuff a company's future is made of. Apple isn't famous because they gave us os updates. They're famous because they gave us the iPad, the iPhone, the iPod, iTunes, OSX, the Macintosh, and the Apple II. Any one of those products would have made a company huge from scratch, would have made the designer famous, would have made the company forever remembered. Steve Jobs did it SEVEN times. Do they have any more products that change the world? If they don't, the decay to mediocrity is inevitable. For the application development side of this, see http://www.12factor.net . One of the tenets is that processes should be stateless, and therefore filesystems are ephemeral. Don't expect a file to stick around from invocation to invocation. This is explicitly true on Heroku, where they guarantee that they will kill every process sooner or later - and with it, the VM that it runs in. Another advantage of using environment rather than a config file for configuration is not leaving a file full of secrets lying around in your environment. And why is loading your environment so difficult? If I can put foo=bar in a config file, I can put export FOO='bar' in a startup script, and delete the startup script once the application has started. A filesystem as backing service is a different problem (or more to the point, a different solution). But the filesystem used to store the application runtime is itself ephemeral. In Heroku, when the app shuts down, its VM goes away permanently, along with any local storage, and any instance of an app can be shut down at any time. My favorite mailing list is closed and private (no, I'm not inviting you), and has been running since the 1990s. The timing part is something really important, and something that can't be controlled, because it depends on outside factors. What entrepreneurs CAN do is try to choose businesses that are less dependent on market timing. Not arrogance, practicality. Closed groups are a fantastic way to maintain quality. No need for moderation, no newbies, no stupid questions, very high signal/noise ratio, comraderie of many years together. There's a great deal to be said about the value of exclusive clubs. That's why they're so popular. Yes, exactly. Public lists can suffer tragedy of the commons very easily. People SHOULD set up private lists. This one has been going since 1999 as a formal list, and was an informal cc chain for a couple of years before that. There's usually an inverse relationship between quality of discussion and welcoming environment for newbies. If you want to have deep discussion about, well, anything, and you have newbies (or worse, people who think they aren't newbies) asking basic questions and failing to RTFM beforehand, you'll lose. A few years ago, I was on a panel about intellectual property with Cory Doctorow at a science fiction convention. It COULD have been a really fun conversation - Cory and I agree on enough for common ground, and disagree enough to be interesting, and we both understood the topic really well. But the standing-room-only crowd just wanted to ask obvious question after obvious question, or go on rants that were demonstrably naive at best. It was really frustrating. Tragedy of the commons, man. What sort of working conditions are you looking for? Do you want a steady, corporate job, or is it working on programming that matters most? It might be possible for you to latch onto a startup. Look for cofounder dating meetups in your area. Lots of business people who don't know programming at all have ideas that need to be turned into software. Another thing, and this is big... where do you live? The programming side of the IT industry is strongly concentrated in certain urban areas. If you don't live in a major city with a real software industry, you may need to move for opportunities. This doesn't mean you have to live in Silicon Valley, but you have to live somewhere that the jobs are - cities like Minneapolis, Denver, and St Louis all have substantial software industries. Can we rephrase that as "Should Google know as much as the government"? Or would that be rude? Very cool! I was actually thinking about wanting something like that. I find it amusingly ironic that an article about bad taste and billion-year-old water is in "The Atlantic". The OP didn't say "open". And frankly, the closed ones are often the best sources. Getting involved in a really high-quality closed list can solve a lot of problems. Downrating my response? I can see that. Bitching about how "arrogant" it is? So WHO crapped up the thread, exactly? You're not exactly being fair here. I don't think it's unreasonable for me to respond to getting flamed. Or alternately, you can view this whole unfortunate affair as the sort of tragedy of the commons that undermines the quality of discussion in public forums. You can close your mind to the point, or you can open it. Your call. Yeah, there was a bit of "Lose 20 pounds and raise $300k on Angellist using this weird old trick" to the article. :( Reading through, it boils down to good product, fashionable market space, and some timing luck. Great for them, and I'm happy to see Angellist trying to prove that they can get funding for those of us who aren't in Silicon Valley or NYC, but I didn't feel this was very helpful for me - and I should be the target market here! (Early stage startup, outside Silicon Valley, somewhat fashionable space) I'll fully own up to my initial comment being not very useful - not because it was "arrogant", but because I didn't provide the backing reasoning. I'm not whining about the downrating there. The flaming, however, was unnecessary and inappropriate. Downrating reasonable responses was inappropriate, too. Community behavior IS problematic here (and that includes my own community behavior, and yours as well), and that's the "tragedy of the commons" for public forums. A lot go so far down the newbie/flamewar rabbit holes that they become effectively useless. I know people who already consider HN useless for those reasons. I'm not the victim here. The community is the victim. This shouldn't be so hard to understand. It wasn't intended to be boasting, but that's how it came off. You're right, it was a lousy comment, and should have been more thorough. It means you need to hire a professional patent attorney to do a proper patent search, discuss your tech with you, and probably apply for a defensive patent (or alternately, get a license from the original patent holder, especially if they aren't really using the patent on a competing product). The real hard part is that so many of us grew up on a: Moore's Law, and b: science fiction. We want to believe Moore's Law applies to everything, because it fits the mythos and the observed behavior of the world we grew up in. Sadly, nothing but computers are subject to Moore's Law. And even there, it'll run out sooner or later. So how do you mean "incentivize"? Financial renumeration can often be had, by getting hired by a company that benefits from your open source project (this probably covers thousands of open source developers today). But money isn't why people start open source projects, for the most part. What's their motivation? Pride? Political freedom? Helping the world? Depends on the person. Incentives need to be aligned with the individual being incentivized. But honestly, money isn't a good open source motivator. If someone wants to get rich, there are usually better ways via closed source. Thinking about it, we should maybe be incentivizing existing businesses to support on-the-clock open source work by their own staff. Ah, you need to understand SEO (to optimize your site), metrics/analytics (to understand your visitors and measure improvement), and most importantly, interesting content that is connected to people who would be interested in it. There are hundreds of Great American Novels lying around in drawers as unpublished manuscripts. Many of them are truly great. Don't be one of them! You need to find your audience, get product/market fit. That's about marketing. Many are former developers/entrepreneurs. Now they're VCs. Maybe they wised up? :P) The investors clearly see a payoff down the road. It happens, you know. Well, I did say that interesting content was the most important thing (really, interesting content that those who are interested in it would know about). That would be a good open source project! Is he secretly FAKE GRIMLOCK? Actually making things - finished things - is the hard part. For one, almost anything worth creating involves substantial schlep, and people lack the patience for the schlep. For another, creative people continually have new ideas, and it's very easy to drop that boring schlep in favor of the shiny new idea. I know a ton of wonderfully creative minds, full of great ideas, that have never accomplished anything. They never finish, either due to frustration with the schlep, or by starting something new before they ever finish what they were working on. Those people are NOT good creative partners, generally. They'll flake out when the going gets tough - and if what you're doing is interesting enough to be worthwhile, it WILL get tough at some point. "his book makes not being a bestselling author seem like an accomplishment". And that, my friend, is a GREAT marketing plan. You know how when pg says that if there are two explanations for your situation, and one gives you an excuse to be lazy, choose the other one? Most people choose the excuse to be lazy. That's a big market just itching to pay to have someone tell them what they want to hear. Wait, you're working 60+ hours on boring crap that doesn't advance your career? WHAT THE HELL?!? STOP THAT!! Take another job. ANY other job. Flip burgers if you must. Get your priorities in order. 60+ hour work weeks on something you don't utterly love leave you no time to have a life, much less build a career. Will it be hard in the future to find a job WITH a degree? A college degree is basically a certification of a certain level of education, but more importantly, a certification of a certain level of willingness to jump through the hoops to get the certification. It's proof that you are willing to behave in ways business finds useful. So it's not NECESSARY to have a great career, but not having one will close off certain paths for you. It will also close off the possibility of going to graduate school in the future, to study more interesting aspects of math and computer science, or to follow a path like law or medicine where degrees are required, not just helpful. Sadly, that's the exception rather than the rule for libertarians (I say this as a left libertarian). Far too many self-styled libertarians are convinced they'd be rich if they weren't being held down by taxes and regulation. Sigh. What I've started telling every single one who parrots this nonsense - "Show me an onerous regulation that causes real pain for individuals and businesses, and I'll show you an opportunity for a REAL entrepreneur to get rich by making their lives easier." For all the talk of entrepreneurial spirit among right-libertarians, they have shockingly little faith in the capabilities of entrepreneurs to turn other people's problems into business opportunities. More than just who your parents are... who your role models are. Who are the most successful adults you know when growing up as a child, what are they doing with their lives, and how did they get there? I grew up in a poor, uneducated family. The only wealthy/successful people I met were people my dad worked for, and he had nothing but contempt for them generally. It wasn't until I went to college that I really started meeting people who made something of themselves. My sense of scope, of what I can do on my own, has grown with the kinds of people I know. I left the limitations of my childhood behind long ago. Probably not. It's INTENDED to be an exclusive neighborhood. The city government is probably rigged to maximum effectiveness at protecting the interests of the wealthy and exclusive. So doing things that impede the rabble is probably rewarded, not punished. I'm reminded of Knuth's six character critique of C++... a c; (from Dr. Dobbs, many years ago) Can you determine the function of that statement without knowing the types of the variables? No? That's because there's a parse problem in C++. If they had only used, say, [ ] rather than for template declaration, it could have parsed cleanly. Overloading operators for unrelated functionality is a dangerous and usually unnecessary practice. The question is, will he be done with The Art of Computer Programming before George R.R. Martin is done with The Song of Ice and Fire? For question #2, this doesn't seem like a heavy duty product, just a tool for experiments and spikes. If you're doing real development, you wouldn't be using it (not unless it grows a lot in power and scope). Question #1 isn't really relevant for serious projects. It's not that big corporations and job security are inherently bad... it's that they're bad if you are young and ambitious . Which is perfectly true. I just hired a talented, ambitious 18 year old graphic designer as my first employee. I've known her for several years as a close friend of my daughter (me, I'm old enough to have 19 year old children), and I thought of her because I felt she has what it takes to be not just a good graphic designer, but a good startup employee. And with her freshly out of school and in no financial position to go to college, she sees the opportunity. Even if the startup fails, she can probably eke a couple of years of professional experience and a reference out of the deal - enough to get her on the path to a nice career. And if the startup succeeds, she has the career and could make enough in options to pay for art school. Because she's smart and ambitious, she sees the logic of the situation. I have no doubt I'll get great work from her. Sure, ambition can be a poison that kills your soul. But without ambition, were you alive to be poisoned in the first place? One thing mainstream jobs have in common with cool startup work... the schleps. Any interesting work involves schleps, for sufficiently loose values of "any". And the schlep is no fun. That's what makes it a schlep. Now think about all the jobs that are all schlep, all the time, with no intellectual or moral reward (and usually little fiscal reward). Of course the people doing that are going to think it sucks - it does suck! "Future career prospects"... well, that depends. What does he want that future career to be? More work as a peon in other giant corporations, climbing the ladder to middle management? That sort of thing can lead to looking back twenty years, thinking, "Why on Earth did I waste all that time?" Believe me, I know. I often quote Mr. Morden from Babylon 5 , asking "What do you want?" Most people don't have the nerve to even look what they want in the eye. When I hired my 18 year old designer, we talked salary come funding time (she's not getting a salary now, just token $$ I toss her way to keep her from getting a grocery store job). Even underpaying her relative to the entry level designer market, she'll be making more than her mother does. Which sounds exactly like a startup employee to me. You forgot to mention the part where she could earn enough in equity to pay for private art school without working. I've shown her exactly what "entry level graphic designer salary" is on the 'net. Moreover, she's been told that if she isn't delivering 100%, I'll let her go, because the company needs that full-tilt startup delivery. She knows what she's getting into. She's actually thrilled with it - she instinctively understands the value of giving 100% as a measure of self-worth. Keep in mind she has no education beyond high school, no professional experience, and some pretty serious holes in her skill set. She's simply not equipped to land a $50k job on her own right now, even if that is "entry level". Her choice is between taking this, or bagging groceries, or taking tens of thousands in loans to go to college (which may or may not get her a job after). And when her skills are rounded out and the money is there, I'll pay her going rate, and gladly. Moreover, she's not just my employee - she's my friend, and my daughter's friend. I'm not hiring her because she's cheap. I'm hiring her because I have faith in her talent, her drive, and her taste. I'd rather take her on and spend a few months polishing her skills than take my chances with a "better" employee whose taste I don't yet trust. So yeah, far from exploiting her, I'm trying to groom and mentor her to build the kind of career I believe she should have. Do it in one line? Javascript callback functions don't count as "one line". :) The money isn't there . This is an unfunded, bootstrapped startup right now. I'm paying her out of my pocket from the day job I keep to get us far enough to get funding. She can participate for equity now, or wait until I have money for a salary. By "take advantage", you mean offering her a direct path into her intended career. As for how much I'm planning to pay her when we can get funded: I was planning on $30k salary. Per indeed.com, "entry level graphic designer minneapolis" is $31k. At the national level, that number can go as high as $50k, but frankly, she doesn't have the skills (yet) to get a $50k job. After a couple of years, she will. Because if Microsoft is good at anything, it's creating new problems for their users. :) I thought it was brilliant myself. Yeah, the comments have been very frustrating, but comments on HN obviously are. No different than Slashdot used to be back in the day, or anywhere else cool on the 'net. Here's my favorite quote from the post: No matter what you choose, build stuff and be around smart people. “Stuff” can be a lot of different things—open source projects outside of class, a startup, a new sales process at a company you work at—but, obviously, sitting around talking with your friends about how you guys really should build a website together does not count. Doing real work with smart people (preferably smarter than you, preferably much smarter than you) is what matters. It's what makes you a better person. Doesn't matter if it pays well, or if it's secure. Ambition isn't a purely financial thing. It's "I want to be a better person, and I'm willing to work for it", and a clear concept of what "better" is. Better can be rich, or powerful, or creative, or famous, or happy. It could just be creating a family. But wandering aimlessly and letting fear drive you to the nearest safe-looking hole... that's not ambition. In all the debate this comment spawned, I think people need to realize that we need some language to clearly distinguish between big business, small business, and what I'll call "startups" here. I think "entrepreneur" is a good word to cover small business, including that local pub or barbershop. Such businesses have linear growth and a low ceiling. Software startups can have exponential growth and a ceiling orders of magnitude higher. An entrepreneurial small business could be very successful at a million dollars of revenue. An equivalent level of success in startups is a billion dollars. So "startup" as a subset of "entrepreneur" seems like good language to me. The difference is the opportunity for exponential growth. Ugh. I remember what it was like the first time the 2000-era dotcom I was at missed payroll. A co-worker and I had taken the day off to take our kids to the state fair, and found our money wasn't where we thought it would be. They announced the payroll shortfall the day it happened, in company email we didn't read because we were off that day. Kinda sucked. Ten years at the same company sounds like a nightmare to many of us. I don't ever want to do that again (I hit nine years once), and I don't ever want to inflict that on people I like. I'll happily take that $12k over the usual $1k, however. That's exactly right. "Good" and "bad" are objective, for sufficiently loose definitions of "objective" (go away, Kant). "Like" and "dislike", are subjective, matters of personal taste. Not only can you dislike something that's "good", you can like something that's "bad". This is what's meant by good taste. If you develop your taste in a particular subject, you can easily make the good/bad objective distinction, without letting like/dislike mislead you. Oh, very handy! Great compromise for spike work - real REST, but lightweight. Are there any commercial competitors for this? I don't get the can't sleep/eat thing. But I do the intensity because without it, the company won't take off and there won't ever be a product to sell. Slavery to my own business is the price I pay for freedom, right? I noticed that too. It looks like MS is taking advantage of their global reach to get the benefits of accelerators to places that the mainstream "startup" community isn't going. It's their chance to be firstest with the mostest, when they're coming into this venture accelerator thingy late in the game. I wonder more what the self-selection for people who are willing to fill them out does to the results. Is it really accurate if you get, say, a 1% completion rate? Do those 1% represent the actual users? If something sufficiently awful happens to you, everything you eat can and will taste like cardboard. Experience is an excellent cure for perfectionism. The beauty of the financial sector, #1 - there's a revenue stream already. You just need to skim a little of it. That's really how virtually all get-rich-big systems work. Beauty #2 - The scale of existing financial organizations makes them particularly slow and resistant to change. Lots of opportunity for disruption, if you can avoid getting squashed. Beauty #3 - The sudden reach of mobile devices puts a lot of computing and network power into easy reach of startups. Between these three things, it is any surprise that the sector is booming? I was thinking that all of these new financial disruptions will lead to a boom in smaller, relatively safer startups as well. Some friends of mine are creating a wonderful little startup in the shadow of Square, solving serious business problems for small, mobile vendors (like artists and flea markets) that didn't really exist before mobile credit card processing - or at least, couldn't be solved before that tech existed. I imagine the new technologies will lead to lots of new niche markets appearing. Yeah. It read like our beloved pg dumbed down to a Forbes puff piece level. Which kind of puts it at the business nerd equivalent of celebrity gossip for those not seriously interested in VC and startups. Such things can be a little painful to read if you're a startup nerd rather than a mainstream business nerd - not because it's wrong, but because it's shallow to us. I wonder what impact it'll really have, though? Most people aren't in any position to ever deal with VC from either end, except at a far distance. And the VCs and startups are plenty aware of the situation already. If he's really refusing to barter, he must not want Snowden back that much. More likely, this is Obama's equivalent of Reagan's "We do not negotiate with terrorists"... just a lie for the cameras. Indeed. Obama can play the diplomatic equivalent of "We do not negotiate with terrorists" (like "We do not negotiate with allies", I guess), as a machismo stance while Snowden conveniently walks free until he's forgotten by the mainstream American media and stops being a political problem. The problem with this approach is that it doesn't buy Obama much with the people he's disappointed on this issue. But it does get the matter out of the public eye and prevent additional embarrassment. And if they wanted to make an example of Snowden, the last place they want him is in an American court of law, with cameras and stuff. Gitmo or some other extra-legal incarceration isn't much better, if it's public. The best example would be for him to be disappeared. Let his encrypted secrets come to light, so it's obvious that he's either dead or getting tortured somewhere, and that the American government simply doesn't care about diplomatic niceties when it comes to silencing whistleblowers. That would be a lesson to the wary.