Android in C? I thought it was Java. Jedber will be missed. I disagree. A research, when begins is independent of its beneficiary. That's why scientific progress cannot be charted. It's surprising that came from Bill Gates. Scientists work to solve problems, to unearth secrets of nature, to create things, not to solve needs of the poor. That is the consequence of their research. sid_cool1234@yahoo.co.in Microsoft Excel is a big win for me. I wish it does. That's the Microsoft way, not Google. How do we know this is for legit? The sad fact is nothing in this can be believed. All this is strategically too complex. Thanks, this is a wonderful article. How? Wow, most on HN are not action oriented? I find this blog post utterly stupid. It's a pseudo-idealistic view of the world. Google created a programming language as their vision of how language should be. They did not create Google Wave for ads. That's how Google works, they experiment, and if it's accepted they work out a business model for it. I cannot speak for Twitter or Facebook, but Google, I am pretty sure, that's the case. Sorry Mr. Dave Copeland, I differ. The worst thing you can do to convince a naysayer is providing logic and reasoning. They are naysayers for a reason, rationalism simply eludes them. Talk about some rubbish pride and take a middle ground. Let them win a bit, it kinda pampers their ego. Modularise Abstract Code, test, revise, functional test, Load test, Performance test Peer testing Comment Simple is beautiful I think that many databases will have to update the values. And yeah, if someone has hardcoded UI values, they will have to change as well. This sucks, the country cannot do this. We have to allow for peaceful protests. That's a communist view ;) This is an important service for businesses like Groupon. I suggest creating a scoring app, say for baseball or basketball or cricket. You need to enter the player names and then start scoring with simple tricks. The real creativity is in how easy you make the scoring app. I know there will be existing apps, the challenge is in making it easy to use. This isn't Reddit. You would be enshrined there. This is Hacker news and jokes are not welcome. We talk in language of Math and hrefs. This is wonderful. Thanks. Try emailing LulzSec. This in interesting. Last time FB held the conference they introduced the Social Graph.... I am impressed with the UI. It's fast. Great work. What technologies have you used? It is a well written article, language wise, but content wise, it spews jealousy. The author is entitled to have an opinion express it, but in this case it seems the author wants to gain attention by going against the tide. It's good going against the tide when you stand for something, which is not the case in this matter... How big a team was involved in the build? Just the build, not the testing team. I am thoroughly impressed by the effort. I would surely like to use the service... Ah, I missed you by 8 hours in posting this. Which book? Getting 404 Not for me! https://github.com/chernikovalexey/Prevel Looks like spam. I didn't get what you mean by 'not web-scale' Results are surprising so far. The intersection of Facebook and Hacker news readers is pretty less. Probably that's why HN readers are so productive? http://code.google.com/p/js-test-driver/wiki/GettingStarted The luminaries should understand that precisely because CERN has been unable to find a system error, they have put forth the discovery in front of the world to scrutinize it. The luminaries, instead of voicing doubts, should be analyzing results. CERN is not North Korea to claim they performed a nuclear test and the US doubts the claims... Wow...iPhone 4GS and iPhone 5!! Two words, Cloud iPhone... I believe there should be a description of what this website does, rather than repeating the URL in the title... Clickable http://swifto.com Sure, I am the same guy from Reddit, and I thank again for the article. It's very well written. A pretty lame translation, I say. No, I want it in Houston... Nice try, Chris Hardwick ;) Brilliant! Can we have the source code? It's brilliant! This is a good direction, thanks MS. Oops...I just posted this link on my Facebook account with the sensational heading "Foundations of physics shaken again". I will remove it. I suggest building an API which extracts results from Google and WolframAlpha, depending upon whether it's a computation being demanded or an answer. Clickable - http://www.korpool.com Sorry I did not get you. I am extremely sorry, I quickly scribbled it to show HN. I am extremely sorry, I quickly scribbled it to show HN. Any feedback is greatly appreciated. It's not about carpooling, it's about communication. It's main intention is Corporate Pooling. It's about relating to people from different corporations. I am not able to access the link. Is there a problem? Thanks, I am able to access it now. First impression - A great fun concept coupled with a great landing page. I would use the app, it will give a high level view of my emailing habits. This does not belong here. It belongs to Reddit /r/wtf... Clickable http://albumcorner.com I am going to pitch for you. Let me know if I can help in any manner. I will surely spread the word etc. But if anything extra is needed, feel free. And if you are wondering why I am ready to help, I have a personal selfish motive, Learning, Working with smart ass guys like you. So we have a fair deal. This is a very well written piece of article. But I also believe that we cannot control everything that happens. It's OK to sometimes lose control and go with the flow. It might lead to newer horizons. Having said that, it's a call of the person and the situation. Going with intuition is perhaps the best solution in such circumstances. Clickable: http://errorception.com/ I am reading 'Facebook App development for Dummies' Dead right. Couldn't have said that better myself. Louis, don't buy the cokes, you are already fat. :) I bought Louis' work yesterday. And hats off to the performance. For the lazy http://soundcloudinstant.com For the lazy http://getinapic.com GoDaddy changes their stance on SOPA. I have a Google Nexus S. I use Maps, Evernote, Lemon, Weather.com, Facebook, GMail, Dolphin Browser, SwiftKey, almost everyday. You can use the Zero Mailbox approach. Google for it. You will get loads of material. Another one: Meditate Regularly Brilliant, you can directly go to registration here: https://www.facebook.com/hackercup/register Clickable: http://www.echoedd.com I agree with you. I won't call it fear, it's more of anxiety. Whenever I think of learning, I get overwhelmed. It's like learning what? I end up spending precious time being anxious and watching a movie....Sad but true. A 3 year old infographic rises from ashes... Wish you all the very best. Make sure you scale up today, as I am going to pitch for you wherever my reach is. Bad signs, it's slowing down. It's taking more than 20 seconds for me to load. Scale it up, scale it up fast, buy more processing power from your host I would suggest Adobe Air. It's light weight and simple. For the couch potatoes http://aps.mentalimprovement.com/default.aspx Doesn't make much sense. Another doomsday monger. No, no. Reddit users won't enjoy here. This site is for us, the enlightened ones. I am also on Reddit, but that's when I am not in a learning mood. You cannot steal Reddit users, coz most of them will come here looking for cats, and having found none will rather go to Digg. So your worries are baseless. Expand collapse comments. /r/programming /r/technology /r/science /r/GetMotivated /r/funny /r/AskReddit Heartiest congratulations for launching. I have signed up as I like to do some freelance work. Good luck! I still do, it's a very nifty site to get an objective feel of tech news. The redesign however is not a very pleasant one, especially the font. Why the hellish font? That's probably because they have started featuring M G Seigler's articles a lot. And as we know, he's an ardent Apple fan. Hope America learns something from this. Microsoft is one of the biggest investors in facebook. That's weird, isn't it? For the lazy http://Infogr.am Wish you good luck. I find the platform decent. Shall give it a try. For the lazy : http://www.siasto.com My feedback: The UI is pretty clean and fast, so 8/10 for UI. The overall features are good, not enterprise ready, but a very good start. 6/10 It will have to compete with tools like Asana, and they are really good with their project management, task management etc app. Some more innovative tools will help you. Clickable http://swym.me/story http://www.coderweekly.com Clickable http://binb.nodejitsu.com Clickable http://bit.ly/xFxCqs And the US DOJ clears it as well http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2012/February/12-at-210.html And what's wrong with a short link, sir? Ah, I thought there was an undeclared pledge of ethics here at HN. Never mind. Today I learned, Hacker News dislikes short links. Take that bit.ly, goo.gl, t.co etc... This is a painfully accurate article. I can say this as an Indian Coder. Point noted amicably. Don't use IE That's it, I am going to break this myth. Clickable http://www.tiki-toki.com I am not comfortable with logging in with FACEBOOK account. Create a custom login, please. Clickable - http://www.webworks.dk/enginetest Thanks for sharing this. http://pauseforlater.com This is indeed big news. http://www.mailbliss.com Udacity is offering Web engineering courses. I really like this. It's pretty damn fast. M sharing it everywhere. http://journal.dedasys.com/2012/03/22/im-not-good-enough-to-... Well it's not imminent at this moment. Although it's possible, I personally believe that a conflict of the scale of the WW2 is less probable now. There will be relatively smaller conflicts throughout the century. Mine is 859. Pretty low. It's a bug. Nothing else. http://www.pigeonal.com/ This is brilliant! It's beautiful! Best April fools'idea!!! Diaspora Does parislemon feature here? I laughed at first. Clicky http://samesamegames.com/quadros Clicky http://discovercircle.com/hacker-news Giving my phone number makes me uncomfortable. Facebook on a shopping spree! Spam. Thanks for sharing. This is pretty cool.. If DuckDuckGo and Blekko could team up, then yes. Also, there's Yahoo-Bing relationship on. All these are potentially big threats to Google. A rebuttal was expected from M.G.Seigler Don't scare us! Thanks for a wonderful gesture. We are more than glad and would definitely provide feedback. Allow collapsing/expanding of comments (like reddit) Can someone explain me this in a layman's language? First I thought 'wait, this question does not belong here!', but then I saw what you did there. I think you are right to a certain extent. Nothing proves this more than Agile methodology. Most of us (including me) follow processes and adopt them without a forethought as to if the methodology is relevant to the project at hand. Clickable - http://www.mta.me Why is this upvoted? The news is months old. http://hackingpot.com TLDR; Hop over to http://letsflair.com Do as directed. There's not such thing as 'No Such Thing'. This pseudomeme has reached heights. http://www.MySlices.com I am actively using Google Drive and I like it so far. It's faster than Dropbox. The only issue Drive will face is that it's a bit late in the party. Dropbox has the lion's share right now. But Drive is amazingly fast (Web and Android) and allows editing and live publishing etc. Best part is it's total integration with Google Docs. I, by far, am very impressed with Google Drive and will continue to use it. Not working for me on IE 9 In America here, it's a state recognized religion with a Church of their own. Hell, Tom Cruise is a Scientologist. That cult is a money hoarding organization. I wish this hack attack happened in America. Pretty cool. I congratulate you. The saying goes, keeps your friends close, enemies closer :) Once I had a discussion with an engineer of the Photos team on Facebook. We were discussing a probable employment opportunity for myself on the photos team. My resume was below average as per their requirement. I was told that facebook holds more than 85% of the world's social photos, much much more than Flickr. But still it had a team of less than 30 engineers doing all the stuff. Flickr on the other hand, to manage a much smaller product had around 150 engineers. This was a year ago, so the stats might have changed. I just thought this was relevant to this thread. I doubt if this post has the right to exist on HackerNews. A very appropriate question indeed. Marissa: I need to apply for a few months of maternity leave. IMHO Ember.js and Angular.js outsmart Backbone.js in every possible way. Although the author of the post cribs about the same underneath UI with dropdowns and ribbons etc., isn't that's what the users have liked about it all the way long? Hi Michael, nice to talk to the engineer of the product. I purchased this book last week and it's pretty good. The reading experience is smooth. What I would like to suggest is making it more like Google web app for reading. It's fast and scrolls horizontally, much naturally like a book. "It can only be viewed as the hubris we have come to expect from Oracle" Exact my feelings I don't think Ballmer is hated. People think he is inefficient. And upto some extent, rightly so. But in no way he deserves what's dished out at him in all those grudgingly written blogs by people who couldn't make anything out of themselves. Don't use GMail? What kind of a cruel person would do that to himself? (Sarcasm intended) Just when I think Jeff has written one of his best posts ever, he comes up with something even more interesting. Well done Jeff. It's interesting to note that the writer of the post has linked to an article enumerating the Google's hiring process. It's Ballmer. I have been downvoted for the comment, but no one ever has given a strong reason as to why Ballmer is a bad CEO. He is not a very good one, that I agree, but he doesn't deserve hatred, does he? You are right, but conjuring up an article like this is no easy a task. Why does it have 3 points. It's stale news. I own one and it's a beautiful piece of engineering and art, at a great price. I have fallen in love with it. Yeah, I heard it plays 'Thunderstruck' Well written. Problem? I thought this was a feature. It happens when the user does not interact with a page for some time. I thought HN has it so that the users are forced to refresh the screen and get the latest news. Am I wrong here? That's not what's mentioned in the email. It's clearly said that mental illness is almost like an offshoot of intelligence, not software development. The phrase 'trading life for a computing project' was a metaphor. I knew before starting to read the comments that there will be people scrutinizing the email literally and giving their opinions. Jeff clearly mentions that obsessing over one thing is not worth it. Life's much more beautiful than that. This is not just for coding, but any profession requiring such heavy use of intelligence. It's saddening that people scrutinize everything literally and give opinions out of context. It's sometimes OK not to be scathingly logical and objective. We are humans, subjective and emotional beings, not binary numbers. Thanks for the info. This is awesome and Wikipedia is so small!! Pretty long essay, but worth a read. This looks like a big gaffe by Quora. Wow, it almost seems HN is going the Reddit way. But it's fine to do that on Reddit coz it's meant for the purpose. HN is not. You are welcome! "Tent servers can also be run as Tor hidden services to create a social darknet for at-risk organizers and activists." Android users waiting... Can you pls explain the issue in more detail or mention a link? I don't have access to the article. Can someone post it here or mirror it? Thanks!! Congratulations for launching. Welcome to hell! :) And wish you luck. Ok, I am at work and can't watch it. Can someone post updates here? Thanks. Thanks! Have they opened it yet? Ok, I trust Hacker News and I am donating whatever I am capable of. My donations went to "DragonWing Software", I hope that's correct. Thanks! Cool, happy to know it's gone to the right person. I attended the meetup in Houston yesterday, where this game was demoed and source code explained. It was pretty good. I think we crashed the site. It's not opening. Can someone tell me what the AntiSec can do with these UDIDs? I mean they are just phone identifiers, what harm can their exposure cause? Can someone tell me what the AntiSec can do with these UDIDs? I mean they are just phone identifiers, what harm can their exposure cause? I saw Sergey Brin's pic in that article and flipped. Then upon reading the image description felt relieved. There will be several self professed disagreements posted here citing very specific situations. Why's your post blurred? A gross and incorrect generalization. It should have been: Go: Good here, bad there. I think if a video causes a global uproar and deaths of US diplomats overseas, it's in the best interest of the US to take it down. I know about freedom of speech etc., but at what cost?