You may want to fix the link to https://medium.com/dialogue-and-discourse/anatomy-of-propaga... - yours requires logging in (and having an account). suspended. Collecting email-addresses without being GDPR-compliant is not a good idea in Europe, you might want to add a bit of legal text. The medium account of the article you linked to was suspended, the article cannot be accessed. Product development won't help if people don't know about it. Do more marketing (or start doing it at all). Talk to people that have done comparison articles on your topic in the past and explain your product and its' unique advantage to them (but don't expect them to include you immediately, takes time). Add videos that showcase your product (I'm lazy, I probably won't sign up and figure out how it works and if it works for me). Start blogging more, and offer solutions to specific cases ("I'm a XXX and here's how I used YYY to solve my problem with ZZZ"). From my experience: don't build anything for profit/public unless you have a marketing/sales plan/person. I've seen quite a few ideas fizzle out because all involved were working on the product and none were able/willing to work on getting people/companies to use the product. > but the point is that there's a case to be made for the word "homophobic." Yeah, but that case is rare, while the usage isn't. Homomisiac would be more accurate, though I find that too strong for many occasions: hate is quite high on the dislike-scale, and shouldn't be the first one to go for. > We think of real phobias as something we should tolerate in people and something we should be sensitive towards. That's not the case here. Unrelated: that sounds like you believe that people make a conscious choice regarding what they like and don't like, and to what degree they do so. I'm pretty sure you're going to have a rough awakening at some point. But that's not actually what it's about, is it? "They" isn't to be used instead of calling a female doctor "him" when you know she is female. I've noticed that more and more authors have just started to randomly (or by some pattern that I don't know) use "she" instead of "he" in about half the examples (as in "a user visits our home page. She might be annoyed when she has to wait for multiple seconds"). It works flawlessly and I find it much easier to read than "they" personally. I've talked to multiple people about content that I know includes that and nobody mentioned it in a negative way (but two people liked it). > Would you say that that employee should receive the same amount of tolerance and sensitivity as the one who was afraid of flying? It depends on how much I think about it and who is asking. If anybody who isn't academically interested is asking: Of course not, how dare you even present this idea! Otherwise, starting from the lack of free will, why are we judging them differently, and aren't we claiming that one made a conscious choice to not talk to gay people while the other didn't make a conscious choice to not fly? I'm with you that norms and traditions provide a clear answer, one that I'd most likely give as well intuitively. (And I'd be very surprised if you couldn't treat both with similar methods; neither is treated by firing her.) There is a difference between artificial change of languages and natural change though, isn't there? > I'm pretty sure Jones and co are crazy enough to believe much of what they pubish there. I don't believe Jones himself does, but maybe some contributors do. However: (some of) the audience definitely believes it. When they reproduce it, they do so with the best intentions. I agree regarding mistakes - otoh, being paranoid about making mistakes might be a good thing in today's media. Public shaming (by their competitors) isn't happening / working, that might be a good side effect. That's true. "Intent to publish" is probably pretty easy to prove, but "knowledge of falsehood"? Short of lie detector tests (that are questionable iirc), how would one do that? > teach critical thinking and how to compare sources I want to say "good plan", but turning everybody into journalists defeats the idea of specialization. We do regulate how to build houses so that you don't need to become an architect, structural engineer, masonry expert etc to judge whether those you paid to do the job did it well. If you really go deep, you'd need to become a medium expert on lots of topics to judge the accuracy of an article. That doesn't sound feasible. The government promoting certain news organizations does sound like a bad idea to me. And are there even many that don't have any ads? The Guardian certainly has, and they sell user data. Inability or unwillingness? It's a great way to stop people from contacting you. Just pop a captcha in and your form submissions will drop dramatically. And if you're looking for a quick way to kill conversions, just add a mandatory captcha check to the checkout. Great tool! It's important research. I'm not a believer in diversity for diversity's sake, but I still want my users to have the best experience they can have. Maybe a way to go is to offer multiple interfaces (though I wouldn't target genders, there's overlap; my father was just as scared of breaking something as my mother when I first introduced them to computers), so you can present your stuff in different ways to different people. What I do wonder however: is http://gendermag.org/ appealing to "female" patterns of interaction, or is it just bad? Because I find the presentation not appealing at all, and they have put effort into research and appear to care about the topic, so I doubt they've just thrown it on the web "because we have to publish it there as well, I guess". I'm not an academic, and my interest in it is mostly practical. I'm missing both practical advice and a well structured presentation that goes beyond "well, read the paper and look up the references". What I find most annoying that I'm never sure what to click in those "click all traffic lights" and similar puzzles. If there's a tiny part of a traffic light in a neighboring frame, does that count, should I highlight it? I've done both and failed, and I've done both and succeeded, I haven't figured out a pattern yet. Have you ever tried having your accounts deleted before the GDPR roll-out? Because I have, and no company ever said no. They are often "necessary" for monetization though, aren't they? A few privacy-minded people would probably pay a few bucks a month to use Google without tracking, ads etc, but I doubt that it would be a lot. And it wouldn't be cheap either, I'm afraid. Let's say you take what Gmail offers for free and buy it at ProtonMail - that'd be 20-30 euros a month just for Email. Who would spend hundreds of dollars a month to get today's average digital experience but with solid privacy? And who could actually afford to? I agree, but it would increase the prices, right? Would you buy a phone that doesn't include "we'll sell the user's data" in the financial planning at twice the price? And pay another premium for a mobile provider that doesn't actively track you & sells profile data? I'm not so sure about it being added just because they can make a few extra bucks. I believe it becomes part of the revenue system and drives down the margin they make on the actual product. Once somebody starts, everybody has to follow or they can't compete because their product is expensive. With privacy minded people being a small minority, it probably doesn't make sense financially to cater to them in many markets. Emails is relatively simple, building a cell phone, or running a cell network, is not, so you don't do it for a handful of users. I'm not (knowingly) engaging in fear mongering, I just looked up what I'd pay at ProtonMail (privacy first) to have equal storage space I get at GMail (19GB; privacy last), and that's 20-30 euros. Looking at a web search engine, how much would that cost me? What about a place that syncs my images from my cell phone? Or Analytics for my blog? An OS for my smart phone? Google provides all that for free and finances it by mining the data users give them in return. Apple gets something like $9bn a year to let Google be the default search engine. That's revenue for Apple, coming directly from Google's wish to get more data. If you remove that, will iphones be 10-20% more expensive? I agree completely, if we want to change that, government has to be involved. There's little to no incentive for a company to change. I doubt many users are fine with a price increase, and for some it may be prohibitive, and they'll not be happy to no longer be able to afford a smart phone. If your electricity provider only offered affordable rates in exchange for giving up a certain amount of privacy, I'm sure most people would still go for it. Most people need electricity much more than they need privacy. Will those "good players" be able to compete? And will they even get funding if it's required to start their business? Unless you force everybody to not just dump toxic chemicals into the river, the company that doesn't will have to charge a lot more, and customers will go with those that do (if they live far enough from the river, or upstream from the dump site). > The job of European data protection agencies isn't to be punitive, but to ensure compliance. Wouldn't larger fines ensure compliance though? > That's a bazooka you don't use for every infraction. Use it once, and you won't have to use it again. I don't know the usual english translation of a quote attributed to Mao: punish one, teach one hundred. Handing out fines that actually hurt will not only teach those that receive it but also everybody else. Making knuddels.de pay €20k for leaking the data (including clear text passwords) of millions of users just says "do as you please, here's a symbolic fine, we don't mind". You're probably right, they don't want to hurt the actors on the first offence. We shall see whether it will turn into a three-strikes system, or remain in a rather pedagogical western european fashion. It does remind me off Google vs SEO-Black-Hat-Spammers. They get caught, the get a manual penalty, they remove the worst, say they're sorry, the penalty gets lifted, they continue on. "Hi, I'm working for cnbc and I've never heard of Baidu or China" Top articles of the moment: > Can You Recognize These Rectangular-Ish U.S. States? > 31 Ways To Make Traveling So Much Less Stressful > People Are Sharing The Nicest Thing A Stranger Has Done For Them, And It's Exactly What You Need Today I mean, I'm sure they do also sometimes produce journalistic content, and it might be of great quality when they do. Well, the news was about "BuzzFeed" in general, but fair enough. Buzzfeed News current top articles: Why Bryan Singer’s Latest Scandal May Not Affect Rami Malek’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” Oscar Campaign This Photographer Captures The Emotional Final Moments Between Pets And Their Owners Climate Change Is A Top Priority For The New Crop Of Governors — Even One Republican A Man Allegedly Harassed Parkland Victims' Families On Instagram By Posing As The Shooter A Woman Mistakenly Showed Up For Her Interview With Microsoft A Month Early. Her Hilarious Exchange With The Company Has Gone Viral. "Foreign" here means "Western" or "American", I suppose. As far as I know, Yandex isn't blocked in China, and they are Russian, so foreign to China. I don't know their market share (they fall under "other", but so does "bing" often), still worth a mention maybe. It's great that somebody is looking into this and goes through the trouble of aggregating the data, but the presentation is lacking severely (unless I'm completely blind and am missing the real thing). Target the data. ML, AI won't do anything without data. Stop the surveillance, stop the threat. But oh, I guess we need the surveillance to stop fake news, terrorists or nationalists, protect against election meddling, optimize ad penetration, and spy on foreign companies and governments... Was it provided to WL, or do you want them to copy and paste it? I don't have any idea about voting rights, but the current status wouldn't matter, right? Or is there a thing that you retroactively always had voting rights once you become a citizen? The big point of AlphaStar wasn't the "learning" part (that is: strategies, build order), it was the micro part (control of individual units). Even with the same APM (action per minute) as a human, it has a huge advantage. It can control units in different areas in the same time, and do so perfectly. It doesn't have tiny imperfections. That adds up quickly in star craft 2, and gives it a great advantage. Does that translate into real world applications? Computers are already much better at reaction time and, once they calculated everything and a decision has been reached, executing it perfectly. That'll probably help in piloting as well - thinking of it as a human that steps on the brake a little bit earlier, doesn't oversteer etc. Tiny advantages can make the difference between a crash and a close call. It's not the great breakthrough though. It reads like "people are voting different than I would have. Clearly they are manipulated by evil powers", and suggests giving up privacy and trusting governments & corporations. No thanks. Sure, it does some stuff that's fine, but that's not what makes it win (yet). It's basically playing in Archon mode (but alone) where it can see and act all over the map at the same time - humans can't do that. I'm sure it will at some point become better at strategies, too, but so far it's hard to compare because the API it has is much more powerful. When they did change that aspect of the match, the 10:0 turned into 10:1. Would Mana have won the next 10 games? Nobody knows, but at least it would've been a lot closer. SC2 rewards micro a lot, and a computer will always be better at micro than a human (unless you make it harder for the machine). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PLplRDSgpo This is a couple of years old, and at that level, it would certainly beat any pro, even without a superior strategy because micro is a leverage for unit strength. > It turns out that maybe the open societies weren't as open as they thought. Or that an "open world" isn't as stable as predicted. Would we even have the same "open" societies without China's repressive society and their willingness to finance western consumption? Yeah. The SU was much smaller than the US-led side (~300m vs ~700m), it's very different with China, so that will be interesting. It focuses on the middle east, where the US (& allies) / NATO have been the driving forces behind most of the recent "conflicts" that led to forced migrations (Iraq, Libya, Syria), and then says "climate change had a significant impact"? Do generals at the Pentagon get too war-happy when it's too warm on average in any given year? Or is it that plunging Libya and Syria into civil war and leaving Iraq close to it wouldn't have mattered as much if it wasn't for that sea level rise? > That's the introduction paragraph. "Blaming the US" for all turmoil in the Middle East is far too simplistic. Sure, you're right (at least in a general sense; Libya, Iraq are 100% on the US/NATO). But saying climate change plays a significant role in a conflict that has been started by external forces is a joke. We might've seen wars in the middle east without US/NATO starting them, and climate change would probably have played a role in those (as would population size), but we won't, because they did start them. It's a nice meme, though. "It wasn't us by arming, training and directing forces to topple a Regime we didn't like - it was climate change!" Can confirm. A large domestic Store operator we've talked to about using our SaaS had one make-or-break criteria: none of their data may pass through anything hosted on AWS. Are you sure? The NSA runs a global surveillance program, monitoring/copying most of the internet traffic, and industrial espionage (against all non-US states & companies, allies or not) is a stated goal of this program. I don't know how well-funded the chinese IP theft program is, but I doubt it's much larger. Preliminary tests going to start in Raccoon City in Q4/2019? > Immigration has lots of economic benefits, and few economic costs. Immigrants pay for native-born Americans’ retirement, start companies, and make the U.S. a desirable destination for investment, while not taking away jobs or depressing wages of the native-born. That's weird. Economists regularly find that more supply decreases prices, and that this holds true for the labor market as well. But of course, it's an opinion piece with no claim to be based on facts, knowledge of said facts, or anything other than "I feel like this is true". For more science-based thoughts on the economy and immigration, maybe turn to politico instead of bloomberg: https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/trump-clinto... If you're talking about buying stuff at the grocery store: sure, but it's not a 1:1 offset. You don't need to hire an extra employee to serve an extra customer. Over all, more labor supply = lower wages. That's really not a wild theory, and I personally haven't heard anybody claim that it's not true, but would love to hear your take on it. What typically is a response to realizing that is to try and regulate the labor market more so supply and demand don't set the price, i.e. minimum wage, fixed wages, or some other way of making the labor market work less like a market. Why wouldn't they be? This only says that, when approached by law enforcement with a valid warrant, they need to be able to log the IP that accessed a certain account. If that IP is a TOR exit node, so be it. Not OP but removing the hash will not really help, even if you've used the same password on multiple sites, because the attacker would need to know which hash was used to sign up for other services. Compromised myname+leaked@example.org:mypassword won't help getting into my account at somewebsite that is registered to myname+secure@example.org:mypassword. And, I suppose, it forces you to use a password manager, because there's no way you're remembering the email, even if you're using the same password ;) I fail to see how the gender or ethnicity of the company owners is relevant here. Would Munchery's behavior be okay if it was about a bakery owned by three white men? Is there an explanation for that? It sounds counter intuitive that the heat wouldn't transfer and stay at the ground of all places. Or, to put it another way, has that always been the case, or is that a new thing, that the heat stays down here? I have literally no knowledge about any of that, so don't take my question as anything but me not knowing and wondering, please. So anonymous hear-say is all there is? And is the company even small? "Some of our bigger customers purchase up to $15,000/week with us" sounds like they make > $100k revenue/week regularly, baking thousands and thousands of cakes every week. I don't know SF standards of small, but that sounds like a solid operation to me - one that definitely has the resources to go after a corporate client that doesn't pay. I still find it weird to focus on gender/sex and ethnicity, and I have my doubts that Munchery invested a lot of time & money into finding out who is behind the companies they don't pay and what the owners' gender is. Tbh, I don't see most articles staying on topic. They'd be much shorter if they did not add the human angle, some backstory, and that time somebody did something that hilariously failed but led to whatever somebody is writing about today. And how do you even decide what's on topic and what's not? Is pointing out some flaw of some pattern on topic for an article that says "this pattern has this great advantage", or is only that advantage and its greatness on topic? I'm pretty sure the perceived width of any topic varies between readers, so others might not consider that same things off topic that you do. Are women endangered of going extinct? I'm sorry, I hadn't realized that before. You are right about there being a main idea. And then there's all the off topic-stuff that surrounds that main idea and makes the article long enough to be considered an article ;) The value of comments are very subjective. To you, they might not be valuable, to me they might be (depending on my mood, maybe). When talking about things, especially with people you don't know and without all the non-verbal side-info, you'll often have to agree on what you actually mean with some term you're using, and off you go from an article about any topic to a discussion of not-really-related things. I don't have the impression that people just jump to very off topic things, but then again, you might be reading totally different submissions on HN based on your interests vs what I click on. Maybe if you gave some examples of low-value off-topic-discussions, it'd be clearer. So you're suggesting amending the law that they get preferential treatment in liquidation cases, and their companies are always paid first regardless of company size, resources etc? Because that's what I understand the article to complain about. It's not a "three women baking pies and trying to make ends meet"-company, it's a "we produce thousands of cakes a week"-company. They are not going to go out of business, but they will probably have learned to be more active about unpaid invoices. Not everything is about suppressing women or minorities, and crying wolf all the time will lead to people ignoring the cases when it actually is. I don't know where I hurt your feelings, but I'm sorry. Catholics worldwide are confused by that headline. It sounds like you're weighing depth vs width in comment sections. By depth I mean "more detail on this single thing", by width I mean "more over an overview of things like this single thing". Maybe you can tag users accordingly, and ignore comments based on the "this user tends to go wide, not deep"-score. Would be something to show (and get annoyed with endless possible alternatives mentioned in the comments ;). No clue about the product, but comments for the website: 1.6MB of JS loaded, 5MB total on first visit (300kb css!). You need to get that number down. Maybe cut backend stuff out of the bundle? Test your site on ultra-wide monitors and other weird setups. /manifest.json is soft 404. Paywalled :/ Is this news? Google has been pulling websites from searches for lots of markets, including Western countries Like Germany, France. I personally don't believe in "it's up to you", "just exercise self-control". I have phases where I'm fat and after years of being fat, something clicks and I will lose weight extremely fast (intermittent fasting mainly, diet + sports later), and I tend to fall out of those phases & habits at some point. Then I get fat again, and at some point, it clicks again and I start losing again. It's loosely coupled to mental health for me, but that might be different for everybody. What helps me: identify circumstances and substances that make me eat too much (no alcohol, no thc), avoiding overly stressful days on the job (no, I won't finish this tonight and sustain myself on snickers bars), and medication. I know a few people who slowly sank into depression and never realized that the way they are feeling isn't "the normal state". Medication (legal or otherwise) can help in those instances - it does for me. It might for you, too. Speak to your doctor about it, and don't be afraid of drugs. Side-effects are shit, but it sure beats sitting in the corner for three years contemplating suicide until you one day magically wake up and get better. Another thing: alcohol, sugar & other drugs are often used to self-medicate. God, I sound like a big pharma shill, but I really mean it. > First, this is about the UK, which is a more "class-based" society than the US. That's mostly a thing we've come to believe, it doesn't necessarily hold true today. consider https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2018/02/14/american... Regarding "I am functioning", I know exactly what you mean. So am I in general, regardless of what's actually going on. But maybe that's just that you're great at keeping up appearances, not that your circumstances aren't that bad. Maybe it's time to get some professional help. With psychopharmaca, I think it's about finding the right doctor. I'm not a fan of everybody getting some pills, but a lot of doctors seem to be so hesitant and want to try lots of others things first. Sure, antidepressants aren't the perfect solution, but at least they give you time to figure something else out while the patient doesn't suffer through months and months of "maybe if you just ate more red meat". I suppose what you, OP and me are doing is mostly treating symptoms: losing the weight. Maybe the weight isn't the issue, it's merely an indicator. Misleading headline. Google is censoring their results IN RUSSIA according to whatever local law is in action there. They do the same in European countries and, be strong now, in the US. Reddit already does some of the most aggressive tracking for surveillance, censors content they don't like, uses shadow bans, is run in an authoritarian way and has a score system that shows how good of a user you are - and reddit users are afraid of China because ...? Reddit admins will indeed not sentence you to 20 years in a labor camp for disagreeing with them politically. But that's because they can't, not because they wouldn't. Reddit would fit perfectly well into the Chinese internet. Just tweak the "permissible opinions" a bit and off you go, the rest can remain unchanged. But I'm not even calling anything equal. I'm merely pointing out that reddit is an authoritarian regime's wet dream already, and the users seem to be quite happy with it. Hey, they could even get Chairman Pao back. > The configuration of those permissible bits is exactly the difference between two cultures, no? Sure. And that can be changed in an instant. Just put "Tiananmen Square", "Tibet" etc on your black list and the site can operate the exact same way it does today. Most users won't even notice ("it's a site to share cat pictures, why would I talk about politics"), others will not care ("oh well, those guys probably deserved it") and the rest will move to voat (or start something new, I don't know how well Chinese critics and racists mix). My point is that reddit is set up to be run as an authoritarian system, by people who obviously believe in authoritarianism. Users who like reddit but are afraid of a company from an authoritarian state investing sounds silly to me. Similarly silly: when Google fans get scared about video cameras because it feels like surveillance. My gut feeling is that it's a reaction to propaganda (for lack of a better word; I'm not suggesting that there's a concerted effort). China has been associated with a surveillance state, and mentioning China or large chinese companies will send people into a frenzy because they don't want a police state. That their favorite website runs on the same ideology, that they are constantly under surveillance by corporations and their own government: ignored. As for "laws can be changed": that's why I'm a fan of only implementing things that you feel comfortable giving control over to your worst political enemy. > Are there any reasonable people here on HN who are willing to actually trade their lives to live as a Uighur in China or a Saudi female? Or any sort of Venezuelan? Or a poor US citizen? But there are plenty of jobs in tech that don't expect you to be super productive and work very long hours - it's just not the elite $250k++ plus stock options jobs where you're working on the exciting stuff. I know plenty of people in tech that do 35-40 hours / week. They can't retire on their savings after three years though. Not just internationally: a much larger userbase in general. And, I believe more importantly: reddit is essentially a forum. Few people are super invested into forums. They get older, their interests change, they have less time to argue about politics, they move on from forums. Whatsapp is a messenger, people rarely move on from those - it's usually the messengers that abandon their users, not the other way round (aim, icq, skype...), and they do profit from a network effect, reddit doesn't. Facebook messenger wasn't actually a messenger in the IM sense, it was a bad site chat, and too locked in. Hence buying Whatsapp = good idea (plus much more data to mine, obviously). You're right though: things can change. But they usually don't do too quickly once the dust has settled and the giants have emerged. Yeah, yeah, there could be a Google killer tomorrow, but there probably won't. That's very different when markets are still developing and nobody has any clue what's going to happen in 6 months time, but monopolists don't just disappear over night because a new kid rode into town. That's what's different between snapchat, myspace and facebook. Reddit has nothing even close to that kind of pull. To get to the advertising dollars, it will have to crack down on users and become sfw, and that will turn lots of people away. When there's money to be made, they will also have to deal with copy right, and that will shut down a good part of the meme subreddits, I'm afraid. I'm sure it'll still have a place in a few years, controlling a major discussion platforms is worth money after all, but I don't see it going to the big league by staying what they are now. What's unhinged about that? Threat of retaliation has been a defensive doctrine since forever. I'm sure they'd love to add Washington, NYC etc to the list, but Iran doesn't have the capabilities, so they just target Israel instead, knowing that Tel Aviv and Haifa aren't far behind DC/NYC in concerns for the US govt. People tend to not invest in their health until it's failing - and even then, compliance rates are terrible. I doubt many people will spend time tracking their health data, but it might still be nice for the few that will. Sounds like gamejournopros from the other side. I wonder how different players will react. You'd have to test every backup though, because initially, your DB might not contain any strings that trigger the problem. Are those all capable to run the latest version / receive updates? Otherwise, they're paying even more per device. I suppose that depends on how you finance it. For Apple, it could be a feature of their ecosystem; for Google, the search engine is just there to lure you in so they can show you ads. That would be a totally different story: does Google actually have incentive to provide you with the best organic results next to which the ads would look out of place and bad? I don't think it would be a good business decision for Apple though, and there's no guarantee that they could even get there with throwing billions of dollars at it. > how is twitter responsible for user's comments I don't claim that they necessarily are, but you could argue that the design of their platform leads to users behaving in the way they do behave, i.e. if you only give them the option to "like" something or reply to it, dislikes will be expressed in replies. Cloud-based = GDPR trouble. > So under their model, if you tip well, you're subsidizing people who don't tip at all. Under their model, if you tip well, they can pay less, you're subsidizing the owners, not other customers. You might want to put some content width limits on it so people don't end up with extreme line widths on UW screens. Rule of thumb is to aim for 60-80 characters per line for optimal readability - without zooming, I get about 480 characters per line in your layout. like https://english.edward.io/ ? I don't really think a lot of people think of socialism as a "solution", but rather as a alternative to try again vs hyper capitalism that evolves into "gig economy" aka "freelancers shoulder all the entrepreneurial risk, get paid below minimum wage, have to provide the capital to buy cars + gas themselves, are then stiffed on tips, get no health insurance and will be thrown out if they ever so much as look at the CEO wrong". People appear not to like the US/Silicon Valley style (including "too big to fail" socialized losses for corrupt companies), and since they don't get offered a "capitalism with rules" as an alternative, they're willing to consider other things. In the end: communism might suck, but being one hospital visit away from bankruptcy, being spied on 24/7 by a corporate-state-hybrid, and working for $10 an hour while a small apartment costs $3k sucks too. And who knows, maybe "this time" it'll work. You know, now that we have block chain or whatever some lunatic thinks will change human biology. Offer them a chance and they won't grasp at socialist straws. But offering them a chance would cut into profits, so that's not an option, obviously. > It's a high risk, high reward No, it's really not. There's no high reward when you've worked delivering food work a month. It's lost time. > It is also a mistake to look at profit making as a sin Which nobody does. They view the hardcore exploitation as a sin. The "entrap them in debt". The "buy the lawmakers and write the rules". The price fixing, data hoarding & selling, the "let's just do illegal stuff and pay a ridiculously small fine"-shit. It's really not about "nobody is allowed to make a profit". Sorry, I'll never understand the hardcore libertarians - it's indistinguishable from sociopathy to me. Amazon typically only runs "logistics" in each country and that turns out to barely make any money. The actual sales are made by their Luxembourg subsidiary ("Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. (Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxemburgo)"), so they don't pay taxes in Spain, Italy, Germany etc. LU is an obvious choice if you want to pay as little taxes as possible, so I doubt they pay a lot there. Still a good deal for LU - they get some taxes at the expense of their larger neighbors. A parasitic business model, but a successful one nonetheless. Framing: the US was a platform for people kicked out of Europe. I think it worked out so far ;) Somebody is apparently confusing "(very) active users" with "registered users". Bad sign for any company if their engineers snoop around in customer info and then talk about their findings to third parties. As for gab: I made an account once, never used it. Just logged in, it has 40 followers, most of which also seem like they've never used it. users != active users. And then the next producer will make it, enjoy the financial super hit and get super rich by doing it. That's how markets work, supposedly. If one company doesn't want to do something that is in demand, others will. > Yet every example we know of where trade has had the fewest obstacles (Britain during Victorian reign, Hong Kong under UK rule, Japan during the Meiji, Singapore post independence, Taiwan since split with China), we see a rapid improvement of the quality of life in just a couple of generations. If there was a causal connection, you'd expect the US to have a much better quality of life than, say, Sweden. I leave it to you to judge that. And don't mistake me for somebody who's arguing for socialism. I'm just not a fan of "let them starve, as long as I got mine" libertarianism, and apparently a lot of people aren't either. I'd wager that most libertarians wouldn't be either, if they weren't among those that do well in the current system, but that's beside the point. > There are countless examples from as far back as the 1800s of wealthy people putting their money towards public good, and doing a far better job of it than modern governments do now. Totally. And it seems to me that there are fewer and fewer today doing it in a similar fashion. I'm not a fan of government, but I'm certain that without it, Uber would use whips to motivate its delivery staff, and those on the receiving end of that motivation would have no way to quit working for Uber. Interesting idea. I figured it was due to the user base of 2019 being very different than that of 2010, and Google adapting to the fact that most of their users aren't technology literate and cannot formulate clear search queries, so they just try to guess what might be of interest to them. Idk, from what I've seen, page rank is still the super major factor that's responsible for 90%+ percent. I work for a few large affiliate projects. Renting subdirs on high-link-count-sites = instant top 3 for anything, even the most competitive keys, even when it's totally unrelated to the site's other content. The whole "we have more than 200 factors" seems like mostly hot air to me personally. Correct me if I'm wrong, but they also left out the question of financing. Since UBI needs to be financed, and would require a higher budget, taxes would need to be raised. If taking on a job would then hit you with 30% instead of 10% taxes, that would disincentivize it. These tests feel a bit like testing "free energy harvesting machines" and ignoring the power chord that runs from the machine being tested to a wall socket. That's the external source of money: the rest of the country. I'm sure we can get a perfect example of UBI in, say, Switzerland, if we make France foot the bill. People in Switzerland will be happy: taxes stay the same, but everybody has $2000 more available per month. Alas: will the French be happy? "Trickle Down" Neoliberals vs populists tribunes. With Germany backing France, I have little doubt over who will come out atop, but it might serve as another fault line in Europe. > I don't think you've been to Sweden to make that claim, and perhaps you've been listening to socialist propaganda suggesting that Sweden is socialist. I have, multiple times actually, and live quite close. They are a high tax, strong central state country with a strong safety net, and more regulations than the US. The same goes for Denmark, btw. You'd expect them dropping far below the US as well with all the ways the government injects itself into the market. Yet, they don't. Granted, they might have fewer TV channels, a lower incarceration and not have a significant part on antidepressants and opiods, so it's open to debate who actually has a higher quality of life ;) > You would be correct, libertarians do not hold this view. I suppose that's similar to half of the feminists saying they are actually egalitarians. Virtually all libertarians I've encountered very much do hold that view. "But we might be charitable". Sure. Might. Everything might happen. > What do some bureaucrats in Washington know of the troubles of people on the street of downtown SF? What do the super rich in SF do when faced with mass homelessness and people living in open slums otherwise seen in the third world? "Look somewhere else" appears to be the answer. Granted, there are probably a few who don't, but by and large, they don't care. Be aware: likely illegal in many countries, and can get you into serious trouble. Ah, that's interesting and does explain a bit, thank you. Might the perceived quality decrease be based on a misclassification of the user entering the search, and therefore a problematic refinement? I'm thinking similar to Amazon's recommendation engine that for some reason (I'd wager my terribe fashion sense) has decided I'm likely a women and now gets most recommendations completely wrong. I don't know how big the anti-vax problem actually is in the US, but it feels a bit like "hey, here's a group we can all agree has stupid ideas, let's all shit on them and come together". Using Google & FB to actively manipulate (parts of) the population and censor content seems like a door we don't want to open. Next up: smokers. People who think taxation is theft. Whoever my political opponent is. Why though? We don't know what the Chinese will do, but we're somewhat informed what the US will. Sure: the Chinese might be much worse. But they might also not be. So far, I haven't heard of intensive drone usage by the Chinese to bomb weddings half way around the world. > I’m not thrilled about the amount of information being hoovered up, but....the predictions being made with it aren’t terribly impressive. Conspiracy theory: what if they intentionally throw random garbage in there so you don't get paranoid? The things they want to hit you with will still be there, but they'll be surrounded by misses, and you're inclined to think "wow, they sent me an ad for a new dishwasher just as soon as mine broke, but they also sent me an ad for cat toys knowing full well I'm allergic to cats"? The dishwasher is still a great hit, but less suspiciously so. > Honestly I don’t think it’s a cash grab for icann. Wasn't it $10k upfront to have your application for a new gTLD considered? This times ~1200 ... works out quiet good. Oh, thanks, I must've had something else in mind. So it's a ~$220m deal for ICANN. We have a legal system in place to got after clients that don't pay their bills, vigilante justice isn't one of them. "Hey, that guy is late on his car payments, lets cut his brake lines." One could also read that as "seeing huge commercial potential researchers keep project private". That's built into the contract, and both sides are well aware of it. I've never seen or even heard of a contract to create a website for somebody that entails "if you're late on payment, we make your site not work". If you can get than in there (and the client still signs etc), that's a different story. > But you surely heard of "missing people" in China after speaking against the government. Sure, and that's terrible, there's no question about it. But it does not affect people outside China in the same way that the US's actions affect them. China might very well do the same things the US does if they ever get to be the planet's only super power. But they are not, so why overhype the possibilities? > If you hang around with terrorists in a war zone(i.e Afganistan) you can expect your rights to be violated Or in such places as Italy, just walking around, being an imam. Google Abu Omar. Why not? It works with religion, and religion is as changeable as political views. Yet we somehow pretend as if political views are a free choice, made by an informed citizen. I'd say yes, but for practical reasons those that the (overwhelming) majority holds probably don't need protection. > But, have you seen any such trial in China? They have show trials of corrupt politicians, just like we do. What does that matter, though? The CIA will continue exactly the same way, with or without some show trial. As will those Chinese government officials who weren't used as an example of Xi's latest war on corruption. > You may be put in jail for even demanding prosecution of the officials responsible for such acts. The press is not allowed to talk/write about such things. I'm not saying they are great. I'm saying maybe stop pretending we are. Sure, we have great explanations for all the extra-legal things ("they were terrorists", "this was a special case, it will never happen again", "it was wrong, the low level official responsible was punished") we do, but so do they. It would be so much easier to criticize them for the stuff they do if the CIA didn't have torture camps all over the world and wouldn't kidnap people "just because" and get away with it by pointing the finger at China or Russia and saying "look, they are much worse than we are". > https://hatebase.org/privacy 500 Internal Server Error That's what I expected tbh. I don't think Google is trying to actively rig anything here, but I'm sure they can very accurately predict who you're planning to vote for. This rather sounds like what people have been finding out the hard way recently though: Recaptcha is broken and everybody relying on it is a terrible idea. If your work can be replaced by anybody with a blog the moment you ask for money, maybe you're just not creating something that is special enough to be monetized. How much have the wages risen due to this "shortage"? Not at all? No shortage then. You're really just comparing thingies as interpreted by PHP, not strings. If you want to compare strings, use ===. It feels like lots of cookies are limited by the device life cycle rather than their expiration date. Get a new phone, get a new cookie. The difference between a one-year-cookie and a sixty-year-cookie is probably small. If you're not going to visit a site again within one year (and get a new lease on that cookie), you're likely not going to visit the site in the next sixty years (because either it or you no longer exist, you're no longer in the audience of that site etc). Who would pay for that though? And why shouldn't it manipulate? I'm fine with manipulating people. Nudging is okay in my book if you're benevolent and aiming to make people's life better. It's just shit when all you want is to make them buy some product to fill the void you've helped create. Because manipulation is great. You can help people by manipulating them, you can measurably improve their lives. That's a big reason for me. That's like "why should we heal the sick?" You can use a scalpel for good and you can use it to hurt people. There's no use in just saying "we shouldn't use scalpels, ever" to me. Ads that are completely random won't pay the bills, and ads that are content-based (without looking at the user) might, but will also target the user, they just won't follow them around. If I want to reach people interested in the Nazis, I'll just put my ads on pages dealing with Nazi stuff, because that's what people interested in Nazis tend to look at and other people don't. Are there really different ideas about this? I mean, there might be some grey area, sure, but in general? Is there an argument for example that depression is great and shouldn't be touched? I would've replied sooner, but the silly "oh no, you've posted two times in one hour and somebody didn't like what you said, go cool of for 12 hours" function didn't allow it. Talk about manipulating users' behavior. > Are you really comparing targeted ad manipulation to medical professionals healing people? No, I'm comparing beneficial targeted manipulation (notice the lacking of the word "ad") to healing people. You CAN use a knife to murder somebody, but you CAN also use it to perform life saving surgery on them. Advocating for banning all knifes because you don't want people to murder seems weird to me. Facebook literally tested what they can do with targeted manipulation [1], and they found that they can do both good and bad with it. It freaked the public out, and so do knifes, and I get that. The problem isn't that you can use it only for evil, the problem is that FB & their customers don't want people in a good place mentally and emotionally, because you're less likely to buy things you don't need or spend hours on their site. And that's what was suggested: have a social network that isn't run from the Bay area trying to maximize profit extraction, but one that's user focused. You know, where the user is the customer, not the ad agency. > There are negative connotations to manipulation that you need to keep in mind. As there are to using a knife on people. I'm saying "let's ban the bad part and use the good part". Facebook, Google probably know more about their regular users than those users' family, psychiatrists, psychologists and even the users themselves. Are you aware of the potential good they could do with that? Yeah, we won't solve mental health issue by manipulating people, but we'll make it a whole lot better, and we can measure that. > It's worked for TV and radio for decades. Not it really didn't, because they barely used random ads. Most shows' demographics where very specific and they don't run car ads during the sunday morning cartoon hour. Hell, they created show concepts to target demographics so they could then sell ads reaching that demographics. I suppose suggesting to use technology for good doesn't go over well with this crowd. More and more I feel that we're letting the wrong people design, build and steer the technology that will shape the future. [1] https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jul/02/facebook-... I have very little knowledge of GSM&Co, but wouldn't it also allow a very similar tracking, practically forcing you to go into flight mode if you want to remain "invisible" to this technology? "Someday" without "in the next X years" is quite vague. It might very well happen, just let inflation run its course and wait a while. A long while. Someday. I'm not quite clear on why "the obvious thing would be to block them". Do you incur costs for each user that signs up? Otherwise: what's the harm? Just add "has voted" as a bonus achievement in the social score system, maybe along with "has voted for the right candidate". non-paywall-link: https://outline.com/VN2pP6 They trust post visibility controls to hide their posts from the government? Hell, I wouldn't even trust those to hide them from anyone, really. Too man bugs in software, too many bugs in UX, too many terrible business decisions ("we'll just remove these to expand user generated content and drive up enagegement levels"). When you give me "controls" I don't control, I treat them as if they are always set to the worst case possible. > China is hardly starving, though. Well, a lot of them were rather close to that before the revolution. I mean, it's one thing to "not starve" and quite another to have your living standards raised substantially. People are happy to give up freedom for better living standards. Imagine if you could live two, three wealth/social classes higher than your current one, and all you need to give up is your right to criticize the government. That's pretty tempting to me, and I'm sure to a lot of other people as well. I think the best antidote is to steadily improve living conditions. Don't keep your lower class in intergenerational poverty and all that. > At some point along this line of though, you have to admit that your leaders aren't working in the interest of the great majority of citizens if what they're doing is not effective and if they don't step aside because of that... tbh seeing how there actually IS a middle class in china now, and it's in the hundreds of millions now and is growing, it's hard to argue that it's not "effective" for "the great majority". That's quite an accomplishment. Non-Paywalled link: https://outline.com/3reRXn Wait, you're manually datamining comments with a spreadsheet? That sounds really dedicated. The problem with these kinds of bans is simple: if you don't use the same judgement on all hate speech (which they don't), you aren't banning for hate speech, you are banning for political speech. If nobody is downvoting their comments, I suppose they are good comments? Otherwise, HN blocks low karma accounts for hours after writing two or more comments within XX minutes and receiving a downvote on any of them (I know because it regularly happens to me and I can't reply to anything). > Perhaps it's actually an amazon brand-alignment. By reminding people of a recent purchase (that presumably went well) they elevate Amazon as a brand that delivers. Interesting idea, but at the same time, they're wasting opportunities to sell other stuff. What about "we're not building complex profiles of you, don't worry, look how bad our tracking is, we'll recommend you another fridge" to avoid any hint of uncanny valley? Regarding the proportionality of media reports: "the right wing" is ~30-50% of the population (depends on how you want to define it), Muslims make up ~1%. If the extremists of each movement are similar in relative size & violence affinity, you'd expect 30-50x more right wing extremists than muslim extremists. According to the numbers in the article, it's actually 3x. The problem isn't in on the creator side, it's getting users to go, sign up and pledge. FB already has the users, it just needs to give them an option to sign up. Twitch streamers also use Patreon, but subscriptions and cheers on Twitch are more successful from what I can tell - it's closer to the content. If somebody is using FB as the primary way to release content, it's only natural to also do the donations/subscriptions on FB. Well, Facebook has somewhat transparent guidelines for banning, and will be held accountable in public if they overstep. Patreon doesn't, your business with them as a creator is as safe as it is with PayPal if you're putting out controversial content. I don't think anybody is "solving depression" by tackling problems some way or another. Rather: you're getting out of your depression and that allows you to tackle problems. Sure, but that's not what I was trying to say. "The only times I left the room was to eat and use the bathroom" isn't "I was feeling kinda down because I suddenly was $60k in debt and I didn't know how to go about paying that off", and I don't believe that most people can climb out of a hole that deep by basically "just sorting your bills by importance". I believe that, yes, you can greatly improve your situation by reducing external stressors. But you'll have to get to a point that allows you to do that first, and when you're basically either sleeping or staring at the wall all day, you are not in that state. To me, "chicken or egg" is rather clear: the depression must give way enough so you can get things done that will improve it further. Suggesting otherwise sounds dangerously close to "hey, if you just wanted to, you could just get rid of depression" which puts suffering from depression close to "it's a choice" territory. Ahh, yes, Sam Harris, Jordan Peterson, Dave Rubin, Joe Rogan, known alt-right reactionaries. "Men get paid more" is a hard argument to make, you need to factor in which job they take, how much they work, how aggressive they negotiate etc. If you do that, the gender pay gap all but goes away. That aside, there's a trend of women in urban areas out-earning men. However, that won't lead to every woman out-earning every man. A software engineer is still going to make more money than a teacher. I suppose this hinges primarily on who is counted, and it sounds fishy. "Defending one's land" would technically include anyone who defends themselves against intruders, South African farmers for example. Yet those are not counted because they aren't "defending" their land for environmental reason, while south american farmers that are murdered by "unknown assailants" or "criminal gangs" are included. Great marketing. Saves them tons of money and makes customers feel good for opting in. I'm not, it has nothing to do with race, it just shows that they are doing a somewhat weird definition of what gets counted and what gets discarded. The numbers they present are so small that the farm murders in South Africa would significantly change the picture. As I wrote: they include "killed by criminal gang" in South America, and as far as I know, the farm murders are generally committed by criminals in search for loot. It's sad that you can't mention South Africa without somebody showing up and implying that you are a white nationalist and completely avoiding to engage with the argument. Well, such are the days, I guess. Should it really be "shocking" as in "surprising and bad"? I appears to me that one would have to be willfully ignorant to not be aware that FB & Co are very likely lobbying against privacy laws. Having it confirmed should make you angry, but it shouldn't come as a surprise. Hey, if you can automate the process, you have a free backup service with unlimited storage ;) "We need to invade lots of countries, remove the dictators and then all things will be great" Yeah, no, please don't. Don't create the next Libya in 2019, just because you need to make place to buy new bombs. Weird. The data is flawed, at least for Germany. We do have "equal pay for equal work" ("Entgeldgleichheitsgesetz", literally "equal pay law"; the data says no), we do have paid paternity leave (and it's compulsory for women, they are compensated with "Mutterschaftsgeld", literally "Motherhoodmoney", defined in the "Mutterschutzgesetz", "Mother protection law"; they say no), and we have an added voluntary paid paternity leave that both parents can take ("Elternzeitgesetz", literally "Parent time law"). It's the World Bank, I would've guessed they pay attention to detail, but I suppose that's naive. Non-Paywalled: https://outline.com/3ntgAr This article gets basically everything wrong about German politics. No, the AfD could not "very quickly [...] force their way into a coalition, and eventually become the largest party in the Reichstag" (for one: it's called Bundestag, it's just located in a building called the "Reichstagsgebäude"). Neither the right nor the left wing parties have gained substantially since the last elections. Merkel has been a focus point for right wing engagement. And lastly: "far right" is a problematic party attribution when the far right is for all intents and purposes claiming policies that Merkel's CDU and her personally claimed 10-15 years ago. It's correct to say that the AfD has lots of far right members, though. It just hasn't shown up in their (stated) political goals, as it does for the actual far right parties we have. The market doesn't optimize for fairness, but for profit. If they can sell a product to women for more money if you color it in pink and write "Lady" on the packaging, they will (if those really are the only differences as suggested in the article). It's similar to that story where travel sites charged more if they identified people as Mac users - because they can. "We've sent out personalized spam, and it works" This isn't the AWS support forum, I'm afraid you've taken a wrong turn somewhere. You'll probably want a full blown privacy section, and self-host the fonts instead of using Google to serve it. Small improvments a) loading indicator while you're generating the image, and b) a quick way to copy the image URL (maybe with buttons for bb-code, HTML or just URL). Depends on jurisdiction, and possibly the design, i.e. if it's very artistic it may be protected, if it's a standard theme with a few colors changed it may not be. I have "millenial" burnout. I just can't cope with reading about millenials every day everywhere. non-paywalled: https://outline.com/DEwxG9 non-paywalled: https://outline.com/BPZ3Uh "Buy now for the low price of $99 and your privacy" I believe a lot of the problems with Google's results is that they still (heavily) overemphasize links as quality votes. That works fine if people do actually use links to say "look at this", but it doesn't work any more when links just mean "I'm doing this to manipulate google". Imho, if Google adopted a "cheat once, get banned" policy, most SEOs would drop most of their techniques. As it is now, they'll do whatever it takes and if they catch a penalty, remove the most aggressive things and ask for reinclusion. Voila, instantly back where they were before the penalty. If there was a risk to burn the domain for good, that looks very different. non-paywalled: https://outline.com/fMSNSn Who defines the terms "Nazis" and "terrorists", who defines who to ban? Is it the original "Nazi" definition, or some modern diluted definition where the number of Nazis has skyrocketed? Do we allow content from "freedom fighters" and "rebels"? If it's not a POS, maybe you could just talk to POS-vendors and supporters. They already have the contacts and can act as multipliers. > On their platform, YouTube does. I agree that they'd be the ones to make that call on their platform in general, but I don't think they do or even want to. They rely on society to tell them what is and isn't acceptable. I always have problems when somebody reaches for terms like Nazis and terrorists in an effort to censor/deplatform people, because I feel like it's a trap. On the one hand: who is against literal Nazis? On the other hand: I've been called a Nazi before, and I'm pretty sure I'm not a Nazi, so now I don't know if I'll be included in the proposed banning, or if it's just about literal Nazis. That's why I tend to ask for a definition. Sure, there's always a grey area between OK and not OK, but I think for things like violence, abuse etc that area is quite small. For things like "Nazi" it is when you're taking it literally, but it's very much not when you're looking at modern circumstances, where some people declare everyone a Nazi that is to the right of them. That might work if they were very far right and saying "there's no acceptable position to my right", but they are usually pretty far left, and I don't agree that there's no position to their right that is acceptable. As far as I know, it requires intent to do something illegal, i.e. running an illegal platform for drug & gun sales with the intent of providing that service. Just running a tor node wouldn't be touched imho, but yeah, it's a terrible idea in general. > By your logic, Youtube would have to host child pornography, because "how do you define child pornography?" I agree with spaginal that child pornography isn't a very grey area. If you're asking people to decide who is and isn't a Nazi, I believe you'll get much more different ideas than if you're asking about child pornography. Is Sam Harris a Nazi? Is Joe Rogan? They were named as far right-adjacent and far right influences in a report - would they be banned from Youtube under your idea? I talked to a lawyer friend of mine and he confirms that the law is pretty broad, but not that bad. A person using TOR won't be targeted on this, they already have laws to get buyer & seller. General news have the usual problem with technology: terminology. This doesn't sound like spyware at all, but rather like software to spy on your competitor. https://www.techinasia.com/uber-allegedly-secret-program-spy... is more clear: "Called Surfcam, the program developed by an Uber staff scraped data that competitors “published online” to figure out how many drivers were on their systems in real-time and where they were, the report said quoting anonymous sources." I agree, there's tracking and there's counting. SimpleAnalytics appears to just count hits, but doesn't track users - no cookies set, no browser fingerprinting. Sure, we have to trust in them really not storing IPs etc, but it does look good. Not tracking users, only global site usage. When / where was mod_perl ever widespread? Perl was usually provided via CGI, and php was mostly deployed with mod_php back in the day which gave it a great speed advantage, often at the price of security. I know that Perl was earlier, I've worked with Perl before PHP came around. However, I've never seen a shared hosting environment that offered mod_perl, they were all using CGI. Might be region specific, I've mostly worked in Western Europe, but even the two NA-based providers I've used back then didn't offer mod_perl for shared hosting. You could certainly get it on a managed server, or set it up yourself on your dedicated box, but PHP's strong suit was the low-end shared hosting options. It ran anywhere, and usually fast. > I don't doubt there are many brilliant people working there, but their product is crappy and even user hostile on many levels. The alternative interpretation is that there are brilliant people working on it and their product is great, the user just isn't the customer. Brilliance doesn't imply ethical behavior ;) That might well be true, but there are long-term plans, not everything is reactive. The US global hegemony project for example was a long term strategy that was planned and decided upon. Local implementations may be reactions to local circumstances, but it's not like everybody was busy playing cards and they accidentally stumbled into building an empire. I'm sure it's not a small circle of shadowy people that only meet at 2am and require a heavily sedated black cat for each participant, but there are plans and decisions, and actions carried out that commit the country to tens or hundreds of billions of dollars and military involvement measured in decades. Those aren't "oh gosh, what's this now? well, put some duct tape on it, I suppose" reactions. Are you allowed to claim that the software you're selling is proprietary, owned and copyrighted by you and then go after people that obtained them from the source (or are the original creator of said software)? Because that appears to be what Getty is doing. > The consumer gets to assume that Walmart has acquired all the licenses for everything it sells, and incurs no liability when Walmart doesn't. If you buy some Disney-branded stuff from Walmart and re-sell them, Disney will come after you if they aren't licensed. You can then go after Walmart to reimburse you for damages, but you can't say "sorry, Disney, I got these from Walmart, take it up with them", can you? It would be way to easy to set up a shell company that takes the fall if that was true. Didn't they? It sounds strange to assume that nobody ever wondered how this feature might be abused - it's not like that hasn't happened before in the history of browsers. > I can never tell if websites don't know how many people get turned away by how awful their websites are, or if they know but figure its a good deal. Having been told to implement aggressive exit-intent overlays on sites: I'm pretty sure it's the latter. A substantial amount of people don't bounce if you throw an annoying "do you really not want to know this secret?" overlay at them with an option saying something like "OK YES I WANT TO KNOW". I hate sites that do it, but for most sites, it's not tech-adept power users that make up the audience. Imho only Google can solve that. Give sites that do non-interaction overlays -100 and it will be a thing of the past. And if you publish a picture you bought on the web, you are the publisher and liable for copyright infringement. You'll still be accountable, "I didn't know they weren't able to sell licenses" doesn't protect you. That's one part of it, I'm sure. Another part is that if you pipe up, you risk getting shunned: loss of income, loss of status, loss of being "part of the cool kids". Sure, you can get another job (that pays less) but you'll probably not work at the same cutting edge technology, and when you tell relatives or friends who you work for, their eyes don't light up. If somebody offered me five to eight times as much as I make today with a huge boost in status and other positive side effects, and all they ask is to quiet down those silly principles, I'm not so sure I'd say no. "You can still do good in 5 years when you've made enough money to be set for life", I'd probably tell myself. I agree partially. First of, I don't think the finance industry gets vilified for having flexible morals, they attract hate for having no morals at all. Certainly, you're right that we depend on each one to say "no, I won't do that", but I feel like there's a difference in quality: evil intent vs willful ignorance/negligence. There might be borderline illegal tax-dodging with large tech companies, there might be irresponsible data security, but there's not a lot that is comparable to the cum-ex-trades that large banks engaged in: no active defrauding of the government and/or citizens. Granted, it may happen once tech corporations have as strong a grip on governments as banks do, and feel secure enough that they won't have to face repercussions if it blows up. Plenty of banks, and not just the large, global ones have actively engaged in tricking their customers by selling them junk and hiding and/or downplaying important details to get their sales provision, and it wasn't something that was "only known at the top". I've yet to hear of scandals of a similar magnitude in tech. Chrome doesn't contain any hidden crypto-miner, and if it ever will, I doubt that an investigation would reveal everybody on the team knew about it - it would likely just reveal a security breach or a small amount of people subverting the processes. I do completely agree that tech isn't all sunshine, however. Behind pretty much every large scale data leak is an engineer that said "well okay if you want me to put this database server on the public internet and remove the password, I'm happy to do it" instead of refusing, and behind every horrible overreach in surveillance is an engineer that just blocks out the impact his work has on real people. There are people working on killer drones after all, and I don't think any of them are naive enough to believe that "they only target the bad guys". Your mail client isn't a company, that's not the same. You're right that the wording is important, and we do a bad job explaining what passwords actually mean, and how to treat them. A simpler analogy: Don't give your house keys to strangers, McDonald's has no business asking you for your keys to confirm your order. I don't think users need to understand why, they just need to understand what to do / not to do. I've taught my mother to never give anybody her passwords, not even me, and if anyone asks her for her password to call me. She's mildly annoyed when I'm helping her with something and I tell her to please input her password, but she's gotten used to it. Did it work? It did. The representatives for a car sharing company were poorly trained and asked her to write her email and her password into a form. She refused, walked out and called me because she was worried that they were trying to get into her bank account. Turns out they wanted her to choose a password for their service, and were just very bad at wording it (and had the terrible idea to have customers hand-write it into a form and let somebody transcribe it into the computer system) and the guys working in the office had only been handed a script, they didn't actually know what information they were supposed to get. I'm certain that they accidentally harvested a good number of valid email/password combinations since it's a leading company that is owned by a major car manufacturer and has a good reputation. It might be that they figure the Internet Archive is doing a great job, and there's no use to do the same job twice. They do contribute, being on of the largest (the largest?) book sponsor. > Google Search and Maps are two inventions that are so insanely useful, they may standalone be responsible for decades of faster progress. I don't know about this. Google Search was a great improvement in ranking by relevance, but an important invention itself? As for maps: as far as I'm aware, Google Maps was "just" a combination of two existing technologies - online maps and car navigation systems. They launched Maps in 2005, even Germany had online maps by 2000. Granted, they didn't look as good as Google's and the UX was inferior, but it wasn't a horses vs cars situation imho. I do agree that they were vastly superior, but I believe that the new and disruptive thing that Google brought to the table in those markets was the monetization model. They offer valuable services without any visible price tag because the data those services generate are driving the profits from ads. I don't know if they were the first to do this, but that's an invention in my book.. That's a gross misrepresentation of what I'm saying. My point is: the technology was there. Better UX, nicer integration into other services etc, those are valuable and good, and they alone can be enough to win a huge market share, but they are not innovations as in "introducing new concepts". A smartphone capable of using GPS to show your position on a map is great and way more accessible than a Magellen NAV 1000, but it's the GPS itself that is the actual breakthrough, the big innovation. Checking left and right are two jobs. And how often do you test each of your backups? It might get corrupted at any moment - is perpetual validation the answer? No, I'm not saying that at all. There are _some_ companies that run targeted campaigns to influence elections, sure, but they are a tiny minority in the world of tech. I don't like Uber's business tactics either, but I don't see them as the face of the tech industry - in fact, I don't really see them as a tech company. Count everybody who's main source of income is driving for Uber as an employee and the percentage of employees working tech roles is pretty small. Many large companies (including banks) have more and more complicated tech than Uber. Again, let me make that clear: I'm not arguing that every company in the tech industry is staffed by angels, but that intentional bad actors in tech are the exception, not the norm. > Borderline illegal tax-dodging by large tech companies is business as usual And I haven't said it wasn't, I've merely compared it with what the largest banks have been involved recently. I don't know if it got worldwide coverage - this is what I was referencing: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CumEx-Files > I don't see them warning their users that right now they are (maybe) not being profiled by governments for thought crimes, but the data is all there, so if in 10, 20 or 50 years time the government changes, this is a definite and very real risk. And I'd love for them to be legally required to explain privacy considerations to their users in such a way that informed consent can be given. Again: I'm not "pro big tech", I'm saying that big tech still has some room if they want to rub shoulders with big finance when it comes to amoral business practices. Big tech operates in a grey area, big finance hasn't seen anything but #000 in decades. I'm much closer to that position than the opposite. This doesn't go for day to day interactions between you and a bank clerk, but rather for product development, sales etc. Fortunately, the industry is much more heavily regulated that the tech industry. > will get you a lot more bang for your buck And it _really_ is a lot. A company I work with switched from running two servers with failover to AWS, bills went from ~€120/m to ~€2.2k/m for a similar work load. Granted, nobody has to manage those servers any more, but if that price tag continues to rise that way, it's going to be much cheaper to have somebody dedicated to manage those servers vs use AWS. Also, maybe that's just me, but I prefer to have the knowledge in my team. If everything runs on AWS, I'm at the mercy of Amazon. It is, especially when they are running a lot of base load, so it's not about firing up 20 nodes for an hour and then idling along on one node for the rest of the week. "We'd rather not manage the database ourselves" was the answer from the lead dev, and I do understand that: it's not the developers' job to manage servers. In this company, management has removed themselves from anything technical and the devs don't like managing servers, so they say "let's use AWS, we'll write some code once to create our environment and Amazon takes care of the rest" - and by this point they are committed, with months having been spent on getting things running on AWS, changing the code where necessary etc, so reversing it would be a hard thing to sell to investors and the team. Absolutely, and unless you're riding a roller coaster, you can always grow your team with demand. When your operation has grown enough, you can shift from consultants to employees to save money and get the knowledge into the company, you don't have to start with a team of three to manage one server. Do you know of any example of societies that were based on love, kindness, empathy and so on, and were stable for a prolonged time? Is it necessary to have an actual live video feed with an actual person that you've talked to before, or can you just have a video of a person that occasionally glances up to look at the camera? Committing to (and reviewing afterwards) what you want to accomplish does somewhat work for me. Ultraworking work cycles [1] are based on that by making you write down what you'll work on, how you'll start before each (short) session. When I really need a push to do something I don't enjoy at all, this usually does the trick. [1] https://www.ultraworking.com/cycles Did the effect wear off? Would you edit the videos before sending them to your team, or would they see a "how to do X" with a 10-minute sidetrack of checking HN? Do you stay productive with pressure though? I can work insane amounts of time (relative to what I usually do) and be very productive when everything is on fire, but if everything is on fire for a month or more, I doubt that I'll still have the same feeling of immediacy that I'll have on the first day. > I personally grow tired of eating such things after a while, but I don't think they are expensive/time-consuming and they do satisfy hunger. "Satisfy hunger" does sound pretty basic though, doesn't it? I don't think the idea was "you can survive for a long time on this", but rather "this is tasty, ethical and nutritious, go try it". Growing a single variety is likely too risky. While you may be able to minimize the risk with artificial watering, pest control etc, if it strikes, you'll end your company. Most companies don't aim for a series of all-or-nothing-bets even if the odds are in their favor on each one, they hedge their bets. Bananas are an example of a local single-crop bet, and they are hedged by planting different crops elsewhere. There certainly is a desire to reduce variety, but it's likely to come down to a few dozen plants (out of thousands, and for each one, there have been hundreds of variations and sub-types), not to a single one - too risky, and regional conditions are too different to have a one-size-fits-all-crop.