I'm the author. When I add new content, I'll make a note of it on my blog here: journal.stuffwithstuff.com. You can watch the RSS feed for that to see when new stuff is up. I'm talking to a publisher right now, so it might be a little while before the next chapter is done, but hopefully I can get things squared away soon and get back to cranking out text. My book aims to cover sort of the code-between-the-features. It won't teach you too much about AI, physics, etc. (there are plenty of other books for that), but I hope it will help you get those systems to hang together gracefully. > the language implementation is incredibly easy to read and understand. Thanks! After wading through an SML compiler whose author apparently thought single-letter variables and no documentation was perfectly fine in a language that doesn't even have fucking type annotations, I figured the least I could do to advance the state of the art was make the code legible. This is from hazy memory, but I stated that because I think GCC, Clang, MS's C# compiler, and javac all use hand-rolled parsers. Go is supposed to be minimalist. Every language is designed according to that rule. No language designer thinks, "Let me just slap some extra unneeded stuff in there." They just differ on what they consider necessary. In Go's case, I think many of the things they've omitted from the language are actually useful features and they've just pushed the complexity onto the users. For example, no exceptions just ends up meaning "if err != nil { return nil; }" everywhere. I do think D is probably closer to where my heart is. I think my ideal low-level language is a bit like C + some of ML's type system. I think it may be possible to get that without being as heavyweight as D, but I'm not sure. I agree completely. I had a note to discuss that (and globals, eww!) but I cut it because honestly that post was too long already. Yeah, at the time, I found his explanation uncompelling: which means you should have the choice to do efficient things, if you know what you're doing. That directly clashes with other design choices in Go. For example, taking the address of a variable on the stack implicitly puts it on the heap (at performance cost) to protect you from accidentally using the pointer after that function returns. If you're worried about it and you really care: don't pass a pointer, pass a value. ...and pay the performance penalty of doing not just a copy, but a deep copy, simply because the language doesn't have const. Constructors are easy to write in GO: Maybe I didn't clarify it enough, but I tried to explain my problem with initialization functions in the "Future-proofing" section: "If you later need more complex initialization, you’ll have to replace every new(Foo) call with NewFoo()." An exception-like mechanism has been proposed: Yes, and implemented and put in the language and referenced in the post. I'm not crazy about panic and defer for reasons spelled out a bit here: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/du9zu/the_langu... Circular data structures where you need to simultaneously initialize two values to each other are the common case where this is problematic. To me, that's a fairly rare edge case and you can easily handle it using mutable variables and option or maybe types. From skimming wikipedia and the code, it looks like a trellis is more or less a VList where each array in the VList is represented by a complete binary tree of an appropriate depth. That gives you the VList's O(1) average performance to find the right tree, but then you have to do an O(log n) walk down the tree to the desired element. Am I interpreting that right? > Another fairly interesting paper titled "Evaluating the dynamic behaviour of Python applications", shows that programs in dynamic languages with these runtime modification behaviours often stop modifying their behaviour after a certain amount of "load time". I find that deeply reassuring, since that's the core idea behind Magpie, the language I'm working on. It's a dynamic language with a static type-checker. The idea is that it runs dynamically at load time so you can imperatively and dynamically build your types and then after that, it statically checks the results, then invokes main() and (presumably) runs in a more or less static fashion after that. Type inference is nice and goes a long way, but it's still fundamentally different from being able to modify types imperatively at load time. For example, in Ruby, it's trivial to swap out a method with a version that does some logging, but only on Tuesdays. Scala can't really do that because it presumes all types are locked down before any code (such as code to tell if today is Tuesday) has executed. I don't think you have that right. I read it as that kind of behavior modification isn't done that often after load time . During load time, all sorts of shenanigans are going on (monkey patching, etc.) > I want metaprogramming on top of everything and its brother, not Ruby syntax. Depending on what you mean by metaprogramming, my goals for Magpie may fit what you're looking for. Its syntax is a bit like Ruby, and it features the dynamicism and open classes you get from Ruby. But, beyond that, I'm planning to add full Lisp-style quasi-quoting metaprogramming, as well as an in-language-extensible parser. > When you encounter a token that is the same token as a keyword, you need to use context to determine if it is actually a keyword or part of an identifier. You're presuming here that a space delimits tokens. In this language, that may not be the case. The lexer may create a single token from "a b c". I used to find it unnatural too. Recently, I changed my working habits so that I keep a running todo list of things I'm working on. When I complete a task, the todo becomes the commit message, and I leave it in present tense. Other reasons to prefer it: * It's generally shorter than the alternatives: "Implement" versus "Will implement", "implements", or "implemented". * I think it's actually more accurate to say that commit messages should be in the imperative mood, not the present tense. The message is basically telling some unspecified agent to do something "Fix this bug." That lines up with the imperative form we use to write a lot of code. > What if you've got a few dozen local variables? In that case, I would consider that I have a larger problem than merely one of documentation. > However, I find this rather harsh aversion to paying a few bucks for peer-reviewed, scientific content curious. I already paid for it. A fraction of my taxes go to funding educational organizations so that they can produce these papers. Even then, if the $15 actually went back to the author, I'd be OK with double-dipping, but it doesn't. Const != immutable. Const in C++ gives you a read-only view into an object. You can accomplish the same goal with more fine-grained control by using interfaces in C# (or Java, which also lacks const). Instead of returning a const reference to your object, you return your object cast to an interface that doesn't have any mutating methods. > What's an example of "more fine grained control"? Sure, consider this: http://pastebin.com/H3c83X1K Here we can give a client a write-only interface to the Mailbox, or one of two readonly (i.e. "const") interfaces that each have access to a subset of Mailbox's "const" methods. > "Given an infinitely long linked list which you can only traverse once select a random item with O(1) storage." If the goal of the question is to select a random item where all items have the same probability of being selected, it's impossible. If you're willing to ditch even distribution, then one answer is: value pickRandomItem(node* list) { /* Always return first item. */ return list.value; } Or maybe I'm missing something here? What programming language is that not the case for? > I mean, what happens if you delete 3 things, and realize that you want to undo the 1st one? Just drag the first one out of the trash and leave the other two there. > What happens if the action you take, changes the state of the user's data in a way that is unrecoverable? Store the previous state. Best use of nesting instinct ever. It's important to keep in mind that "knowing Photoshop" has little to no equivalence with "knowing how to design" anymore than "I know vi" means "I can program". Both are equally valid skills, but learning the former won't automatically address the latter too. > So many people create pet programming languages and add them to Wikipedia that the PL lists and categories are essentially useless. Surely a simpler solution to that is to make a list that you feel describes the languages you consider important. Maybe "List of programming languages notable in academia" (which would include things like FeatherweightJava but probably not regular Java). People who want to find languages that meet that criteria can find them all in one place. Meanwhile, people like me who are interested in new languages, or languages that experiment with syntax but don't push the academic envelope, don't have that knowledge outright taken away from them by you. Is there a reason you didn't just handcode a recursive descent parser? It's more than just date movies. High school kids have lots of disposable income, few bills, plenty of time to kill, can't get into bars, and don't need get hire a babysitter. College kids have lots of other things to spend their money on, like booze and, uh, booze. Once you're past that age, the odds of having kids goes up and then going to a movie becomes a major outing. For my wife and I to see a movie in the theatre now, we'll have to shell out close to $80. It's just not worth it, especially as home theatres keep getting better and better. One thing I've learned is how much surface quality of presentation matters. As much as we might pretend to be perfectly logical rational beings, psychology, aesthetics, and emotion are always part of our decision-making process. So when I present something, I try to have great material, but I also try to make it visually appealing, clearly-written, friendly, and warm. Makes a huge difference. > let go an embrace the prototypal object model JavaScript itself doesn't embrace a prototypal model. When was the last time you cloned an object to create a new one in JS? JavaScript's model is much closer to classes than prototypes. The only real significant difference is that unlike class systems, JavaScript allows inheriting both "methods" and "state" from its "class". Otherwise, the language works more or less like a class-based one. I started toying with CoffeeScript a while back for my own entertainment and found the administrative overhead was much less than I anticipated. I went from a clean slate to being up and running in like five minutes. Once I had node and CoffeeScript installed, it was just a single command-line to start a watch on my .coffee file and then I was back to "refresh browser window to see my changes" mode just like regular JS. Performance. If you have n objects with m methods, that creates n * m function objects. With "normal" prototypal inheritance where those methods are on the prototype, it only requires n objects + m functions. That post is excellent! Somehow I didn't find that when I was looking to learn more about TDOP. The only change I made from yours and Pratt's is that I split out the nud and led parsers completely. It seemed weird to me to lump them together just because they share a token when they aren't semantically related. For example, the "(" token handles grouping in prefix position and function calls in infix, and those don't have anything to do with each other, so I split out PrefixParselets and InfixParselets into entirely separate dictionaries. ML type annotations use that syntax, so it's probably the grandaddy of them all. It's easier to parse if your type syntax uses juxtaposition. "Some int" is a valid type, so it would make " " harder to parse. It's hard to tell when the type ends and the variable name starts without backtracking. > Why are Google so popular anyway? I've been a Googler for a little less than a year and so far I absolutely love it. Compensation is good, the perks are fantastic, the caliber of people I work with is stellar, the work is challenging and interesting, and the culture and processes are the best I've seen. > A long process of interviews like the ones I have heard about hints at more pain and no autonomy once you actually join. I believe it's the opposite. You have to run the gauntlet to get in because once you do, you won't be closely monitored and you'll be given a lot of autonomy. The hiring process is stringent to try to reduce the number of internal gates you need once you get in. Yes, I would. I'm mostly self taught. The biggest gap I find is that I pronounce stuff wrong since I learned it from a book. It's embarrassing. The problem is that you often need to decorate a generic parameter with additional information (like its type constraints or variance). If the type parameter doesn't have a singular place where it's "declared", there's no convenience place to do that. In your example, how would you specify that T must implement Summable? This fork of CoffeeScript does: https://github.com/jstrachan/coffee-script/blob/master/TypeA... . I for one would also love it if this got rolled into mainline. I use Closure at work, and I'd love to be using CoffeeScript with it. It's interesting that you lump .NET in with Java. C# has more in common with Scala in terms of flexibility and expressiveness than it does with Java these days. C# 1.0 was a Java clone, sure, but the language has moved faster than pretty much any language out there since then. > Since Spine doesn't use constructor functions, due to limitations with prototypal inheritance, classes are instantiated with inst(). Can someone explain this to me? I've been using prototypal inheritance through Closure's goog.inherits() and never had any problem using regular object constructors. The scene in Office Space where Peter is talking to the two Bobs, while presented as comedy, is a perfect example of how this actually works. As soon as he acts like he isn't subordinate to them, they begin to feel that he's "management material". It's not arbitrary touching. When he's asking her about something she's unsure of, he consistently touches her left shoulder. When he talks to her about something sure, he touches her right . Then he uses those same touches when he wants to make her unsure or a color, or feel sure that a color is the wrong one he says it is. I don't know to what degree that actually works, but it's pretty interesting. > Applying it to Javascript, think of bound functions (ones which are methods on instantiated objects) implicitly having a 'let this = instance' statement prepended to their bodies. Except that Javascript under normal circumstances doesn't have bound functions. A method (a function property on some object) is unbound unless you go out of your way to bind it. So it only conceptually has that "let this = ..." prepended to it within the duration of an invocation that's using property access to get the function . In other words, JS doesn't include "this" in a function's closure, which is where a lot of the confusion comes from. It allows you to inherit functions from a prototype and still have them execute against the current receiver. Consider: var base = { greet: function() { log('my name is ' + this.name); }, name: 'base' } var derived { __proto__: base, name: 'derived' } derived.greet(); If the greet function was bound at creation time to base, then the last line would print "my name is base" instead of the desired "my name is derived". It's important to remember that + is a little different from a C union in that it's automatically tagged, which C unions are not. If you have int+int in a functional language, you always know which arm was chosen. If you have a union of two ints in C you have to add a third boolean field yourself to keep track of which one is active. "+" isn't set union. If it was, int+int would just be int. The extra tag distinguishes it. Raw unions in C are like set union though. If you're an introvert, why do you have a job that involves dealing with people all day to begin with? It sounds to me like it isn't lunch that's the problem, it's the hours before and after it. E was created by Mark Miller and Dan Bornstein. Both are Googlers now. Dan is known as the main creator of the Dalvik VM. Mark is still following the path set by E but in the context of Javascript. He's working on both Caja, an ocaps secure subset of JS and on JS Harmony itself. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E_%28programming_language%29 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caja_%28programming_language%29 If you have to check it for null then, by definition, some_field here isn't a nullable type. If it was, you'd just do: object.some_field.foo(); Am I missing something here? In your case, then, using "as" is the right thing to do. > Let's face it, if they were doing something legal they wouldn't care if they were getting videotaped. That is, quite simply, not true. Companies have all manner of secrets that are important for their business. There's nothing intrinsically nefarious about trade secrets, and those sometimes extend even into soft things like processes and organization. There's nothing illegal about Google's search code, but they sure as hell wouldn't want someone taping that and publishing it. My rule of thumb is that if I'm using color to distinguish something, to never vary just hue. Always include a saturation or brightness change too. Personally, I do find the design on the right cleaner. The problem I have is that the big black bar behind the two lumps the two together into one weird single thing. I think they would be easier to evaluate if presented more like this: http://i.imgur.com/KrRl6.gif . After several years of TextMate, I recently switched to Sublime Text ( http://www.sublimetext.com/ ). It's more or less TextMate 2: same philosophy and aesthetic, same bundles, much better performance, split panes, lots of nice features. Sublime makes we want to write and code more. I'm on the Traceur team, but I don't speak for all of us (or Google). Personally, I think macros would be really cool, but they're a challenge in a language that isn't homoiconic, has both statements and expressions, and a pretty complex grammar. I don't know if it would be possible to design a general purpose macro system within those limitations that was usable by mere mortals. I see macros as being useful for two things: 1) DSL-type "make my own inner language" stuff, and 2) conditional evaluation. JS is already pretty syntactically flexible, especially with object literals, so that covers some of (1). JS already has closures, so if we can get a nicer function literal syntax, that makes it tolerable to do (2) just by passing functions around (and it's more explicit, which is good to some people). The naming here comes from Mozilla's earlier implementation ( https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Guide/Iterators_... ). Personally, I would have preferred iterate(). Traceur doesn't use the same Python-style semantics as Mozilla does: it doesn't throw an error to stop iteration. Instead, it's closer to Java or C# where moveNext() returns false if the iterator is done. Traceur dev here. It's on the to-do list. We've been mostly focused on stuff that's either approved for Harmony (modules, spread, etc.) or that we think will need a lot of iteration (classes, traits). I'm personally really keen on a better function syntax (especially a single-expression-body one). If you look at the actual fixes gofix provides, most of them are to paper over a lack of language features. In particular, if Go supported function overloading, they probably wouldn't need gofix at all. It's pretty to make version one of your language's libraries clean and simple. The real challenge is how they hold up over time and the needs of evolution. Go's philosophy seems to be: 1. Simplicity matters more than compatibility. 2. Assume all extant Go code is easily mutable. The purist in me finds that appealing, but I'm not sure how that will hold up over the long term. The language seems intentionally designed to not evolve which doesn't seem like a good way to stay useful for real people for a long time. Maybe I'm wrong and everything will work out, but I wonder if several years from now, Go will just fall over from its inflexibility and become unusable. Wow. Your code is a joy to read. Really clean and well-laid-out. The author is aware of that, but you have to remember to use "with". If you forget to use it, you can still have unclaimed resources. That just pushes the problem around. You don't have to worry about forgetting to catch an exception, you have to worry about ignoring an error code. Your revision doesn't handle non-English uppercase characters. Character.isUpperCase() does. I'm a Googler. I found the hiring process exhausting, but I felt it was thorough and fair. My recruiter did a fantastic job of walking me through the process and letting me know what was going on. I'm sure Google has made lots of mistakes hiring people, but there's always a bias towards complaint. Most people don't have the energy to type up a "everything went fine" reply. > They remain essential tools for many programmers and system administrators. So maybe TermKit isn't the app for them. > However, it must be fully backwards compatible with the full unix toolchain to be useful. "Must"? If this app does something useful for you, great. If not, that's fine too. Every app doesn't need to be used by every person. > "The index" would just be a list of key/values. The key would be a URL, and the value would be the content located at that URL. They have that index already. It's called "the internet". If you're storing the entire page content, that's not really much of an "index". > it would be stupid store such a rich data set in such a dumb, information-losing format. Discarding information is the entire purpose of indexing and doing things like map-reduce (emphasis on the reduce!): you discard worthless information so that the stuff you care about is of a manageable size. The reason Google serves up search results quickly is because it carefully controls the data it has to wade through. Adding more data doesn't make it smarter, it makes it slower. I've actually gotten Eclipse into a fairly clean state: http://i.imgur.com/ln2N8.png Most of the clutter is gone, but all of the nice IDE features (refactoring, immediate error detection, etc.) are still there. It's a nice way to work. No, you can be staff and not have direct reports if you just want to code. Some staff engineers do manage but it isn't a requirement. There's a separate job title track for non-coding pure managers. Got any public code? I'd like to see examples of non-class-style JS code. Traits aren't incompatible with classes at all. In fact, Tom van Cutsem, the author of traits.js worked on the class proposal that's going into Harmony. Aside from the simplicity argument, I didn't see anything in Markus's presentation that showed an advantage of prototypes. His point example is cloning a point and then immediately replacing all of the state, so there's nothing there that classes couldn't do (in less code). Your gist (especially the color point) is an example of using prototypes in a way that's hard with classes. Fortunately, adding classes to JS won't hurt that at all. You could just as easily do: class Point { constructor(x, y) { public x = x; public y = y; } add(other) { return new Point(this.x + other.x, this.y + other.y); } } let p1 = new Point(0, 0); let p2 = p1.clone({ color: '#green', toString: function() { return this.color + ': ' + uber(this).toString(); }, }) In other words, adding classes to JS won't take away anything already there. It just gets a really common pattern and makes it much less verbose. The idea is to pave the common path of class-like inheritance, but not to build a fence around it to keep you in. That seems a bit stateful. For every project you'd have to remember the set of people who've removed themselves. What if a person later removes themselves and then changes their minds? Maybe a simpler solution is: you can't add people, you can just send them an invite. The person can then choose to accept the invite or not. Maybe "professional/amateur" isn't the right dichotomy here. I think it's more accurate to describe it as "peer/tiered". In Facebook/MySpace/SO users are all at the same level and communicate roughly as equals. In most Apple products, there are a small number of special broadcasters (creators) and a large number of receivers (consumers). > Say I use module Dates that extends String, and module Inflections that does the same, as I want to use String#weeks and String#pluralize. But both redefine String#singular. If you do an unqualified import (i.e. import everything from both modules), that will be an error (well, it should be, I still need to implement this). If you just need #weeks and #pluralize, you can import just those: import Dates weeks import Inflections pluralize If those two methods internally call singular, that will still be OK. If you actually need access to both versions of singular, you can rename on import: import Dates singular = Dates.singular import Inflections singular = Inflections.singular > If I import Dates, and then import Texts as I want to use String#stemmed_terms which in turn uses Inflections? That's OK since imports aren't transitive. If you import Texts, you'll just get what it exports not what it itself imports and uses. > If I import two modules defining a same method with different signature does everything work fine? ...Maybe. This is probably the trickiest corner case of the language. If both of those modules share some import where that method is defined, then they will be defining specializations of the same multimethod and everything is fine. If those two modules are totally unrelated, then those are different multimethods entirely and you can't "merge" them when you import both. For example, io defines an "open" multimethod. Let's say your module Doors also defines "open". In your App module, you want to import both. If Doors happens to import io, then its "open" is a specialization of that one, and App will be fine when it imports them both. If not, those are two different multimethods and you'll need to rename one when you import. One way to look at it is that a multimethod is a bit like a virtual method (but not tied to a specific class). You can have a bunch of methods with the same name in the same module as long as they're all overriding the same base virtual method. > I would expect that dispatching on my object should still invoke my method, but weeks is always referring to its own, I understand. Correct. But if singular itself was publicly exported by Dates, when you defined your own specializations of it in your module, they will go into the same multimethod that Dates is using. The big limitation here is that you can't replace the version that Dates has specialized on String by specializing on the same type. The way this works is that when you import a multimethod from another module, you're importing the exact same multimethod object that that module is using. If you then define your own specializations, the original module can see them too. This is necessary to make overriding work at all, though it's a bit confusing in some ways. Honestly, I feel like I'm still trying to wrap my head around it too. It's what C# uses too. Seems to work well. > Where is the fun and easy intro to BioChem course so that we can entice more people to become doctors? We have that: every medical drama on TV, Patch Adams, Awakenings, etc. Not to mention the massive cultural esteem associated with the medical profession. > How about an "Intro to Medicine" where we do fun stuff like play Operation and dress up in scrubs? Playing Operation and dressing up in scrubs is intro to medicine. By the time you're in high school, you have a mental image of what a doctor does and roughly what the job entails. Most people on Earth have zero concept of what programmers do. I've had family members literally ask me if I type ones and zeroes all day. (A: yes . You should have seen their eyes.) People know that we sit in front of a computer. Beyond that... nothing. They don't have any of what's on screen much less what's in our heads. With mathematicians people at least think about whiteboards and equations. So, yeah, I don't see any harm in a little "Hey, here's a fun intro to what programming is." Wow, seriously great comment. Smalltalk is exactly how you find out what the other party's preferred communication style is. People don't give a shit about the weather. They talk about it because it's a convenient substrate to see how a person interacts. Are they terse? Long-winded? Sad? Happy? What kind of accent to they have? Do they seem busy? Sycophantic Search. Penny Arcade has PAX ( http://prime.paxsite.com/ ) and merch ( http://store.penny-arcade.com/ ) to help them out. Also, giant heapings of goodwill. People love them. > How many languages could survive 15 years without change and still remain relevant? And not only relevant, but expand their influence? I can think of one other, and for the same reason: make . Both languages are still around because it's near impossible to replace them, no matter how much they may suck. They aren't timeless, they're calcified by being a part of some infrastructure that exists on millions of machines. There's some good advice in there, but mixed in with lots of not-so-good advice, errors, or overly broad claims: - "The classic typographic scale ... relies on the notion that these sizes, when used together, look pleasing to the eye." The typographic scale has a fixed set of sizes because fonts used to be physical. Having a 71pt font would be a whole new box of lead. - "I generally take the largest font I want to use and the smallest font I want to use, and place the headers into that scale at even measures." For something like scale, a geometric progression makes more sense so that relative sizes are at even proportion (say each is smaller than the previous by 15%) then a linear progression of sizes. The difference between 72pt and 70pt is unnoticeable. The difference between 10pt and 8pt is huge. - "One way is to adjust the kerning and tracking settings in your design program." Another way, not mentioned, is to just choose a different weight. - The "stroke width should be as even and consistent as possible" It says Georgia has a more even width than Krungthep, which is visibly not the case. Some stroke variation seems to aid readability but too much (like modern serif faces) harms it. - "Georgia features a larger x-height than Tekton Pro." That isn't Tekton. WTF. > If his version is 15x faster than the original Go version, that would make it about twice as fast as the super-optimized C++ version from the paper The article you just (sort of) read explicitly states that it's not much faster than the C++ version because the C++ version lacked many of the optimizations they did in the article. To make a fair comparison, they applied those same optimizations to the C++ one code and got similar performance: Of course, it's no longer fair to compare this Go program to the original C++ program, which used inefficient data structures like sets where vectors would be more appropriate. As a sanity check, we translated the final Go program into equivalent C++ code. Its execution time is similar to the Go program's. A friend can be in multiple circles. > imagine a jerk that noone loves intruding all the hangouts. but everybody too polite/dependant to unfriend When you enter your hangout, you specify what circle(s) see the announcement. So just make a "Everyone but Jerk" circle and post to that. He'll think you're never in your hangout. > First to market is hard to break. Tell that to friendster. Er, myspace. That depends on your definition of "follow". You can choose to add someone to your circle without them reciprocating. In that sense, you are following them. However, they choose which of their circles see the things they post. So you can follow whomever you want, but the people you follow may not necessarily broadcast to you if you do so. Interestingly, they do make toothpaste and deodorant, but under different brands: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henkel I asked Rob Pike why they didn't add pattern-matching given that it already has multiple returns and some other baby steps in that direction. His response was, "We considered it, but it turned out to be too much work in the compiler." That was a huge WTF to me. Isn't your job as a language designer to do that work so that I, the language user , don't have to? > Women specialize in the narrow sphere of intimate relationships. Men specialize in the larger group. If you make a list of activities that are done in large groups, you are likely to have a list of things that men do and enjoy more than women: team sports, politics, large corporations, economic networks, and so forth. ...open source? I'm pretty low on the Google totem pole and I managed to get off a project that wanted me dearly because it didn't interest me. None of that nullifies the direct value those products provide. If self driving cars mean I check my mail on the way to work and see more ads, it's still a self-driving car . I don't see the problem in staring at a couple of electronic billboards if I can live in the future (and not have to stare at real billboards whizzing past me, for that matter). > It only takes one moment where your entire family almost dies because of a truck driver to jade your opinion of all of them How is that statement any different than "it only takes one moment where your entire family almost dies because of a woman driver to jade your opinion of all of them" or "because of a white driver" or "because of an old driver"? Examples include cd, calling it with no arguments returns you to the home directory. How did I never know that before? > Anybody can friend you and it will be shown across all Google pages, even search. I've been friended by multiple online media sociopaths through my friends. I don't see how that leads to spam. Friendship isn't symmetric in G+. Media sociopaths can follow me all they want. If I don't follow them back, I don't see a word they write in my stream. > what node.js is doing with javascript How is node.js innovating in the language space? > making you rethink your async patterns. Call me crazy, but I don't consider forcing users to manually transform their code into hard-to-read continuation passing form much of a language innovation. > node.js created a new world to work with JS, making it more powerful. Sure, it gave it a new environment to run in, but it didn't make the language any more powerful than applets made Java the language more innovative. Just to play devil's advocate, here's what that example would look like with exceptions and something like `using()` in C# (here, any curly block can implicitly be treated like a try block, like in Ruby): package main import ( "io" "log" "os" ) func cat(name string) { using (f := os.Open(name)) { io.Copy(os.Stdout, f) } } func main() { for _, arg := range os.Args[1:] { cat(arg); } catch (err os.Error) { log.Print(err) } } "I'm done apologizing for that, I've made up for it in spades on standards work, and it's a fact I cannot recall and rewrite." Wouldn't it be fair then to at least give Google the chance to do that standards work with Dart after it's released before labeling the company anti-open? How early should a language be announced? It's certainly not cool to drop it on the world when it's done and baked , solicit zero feedback, and then demand the rest of the world implement it. But it's also not cool to toss out some vaporware spec with no implementation and no empirical evidence that the language is any good. Most rules of grammar are wonderful, unless you enjoy trying to extract meaning from sentences like, "their works by makes enjoyable everyone has style, which own what authors reading different writing". The "rule" about dangling prepositions isn't much of a rule at all. Most grammarians shun it and it's never been followed widely in prose and certainly not in speech. One related rule that is worth following is: "don't end a sentence with a preposition if removing it wouldn't change the meaning of the sentence." For example, "where are you at" should be "where are you" since the "at" adds no meaning (unless you want to convey a colloquial voice). > You can't simultaneously have an invite system and a huge marketing push. What huge marketing push? All Google did was post a blog about it and send out some invites. TextMate 2 is the perfect , yet heartbreaking example of Brook's Second-system effect. It's painful seeing an otherwise successful developer get so completely sucked into it. > However, the complexity of software is almost entirely generated by human ineptitude. Human ineptitude is a part of our physical environment. We're just animals. Clever ones, but not perfect. The language isn't done yet. Now is the time to let us know if you want semicolons to go away. I know some of us on the team do too, but public interest will help a lot. Not perfect, but I prefer that over: document.querySelector('#menu').appendChild(sliderMenu.node); If you have suggestions for improvement, please do pass them along. > var greeter = new Greeter() Well, it's hard to get that much better than that. > Plus there are classes, interfaces... It's just Java? Java didn't invent classes. It certainly looks a lot like Java, but it's more Smalltalk under the hood. I've been very pleasantly surprised at how open to feedback Lars, Kasper, and the gang have been with Dart. One of my big concerns joining the team was that it would be like Go which seems like a locked castle. So far, it's been much better than I expected. I like everything you propose here. Dart is earlier in development than I think most people realize, and I really hope we can get to something like what you're listing. Definitely self-hosting and a self-hosted IDE would be on my love-to-have list. As a testing nerd, integrating testing would definitely be on it too. We have a rudimentary unit test framework [1] that we've been using for the samples, though we're still playing with different styles. Personally, I'm fond of the Jasmine-inspired stuff I tried to slap together here [2]. This is of course different from the testing infrastructure for the language itself, which is its own thing. [1] https://code.google.com/p/dart/source/browse/branches/bleeding_edge/dart/#dart%2Fclient%2Ftesting%2Funittest [2] https://code.google.com/p/dart/source/browse/branches/bleeding_edge/dart/client/tests/client/view/ViewTests.dart That's not true. Go, Python, Ruby and Scala all have optional semicolons without insanity. It's just that JavaScript's specific semantics for semicolon insertion (instead of newline elision!) are batshit crazy. > there, no need for `new`. Agreed. I didn't say you couldn't get better at all, just not much better. I'd personally be in favor of ditching new (or conversely making it a method on the class). > The speed and wide-spread use of Smalltalk with the regularity, flexibility and terseness of Java's syntax? Oh, you. You may be right. Making a new language is crazy, especially if you're aiming for widespread adoption. Still, you have to try, right? Dart is definitely more terse and more flexible than Java. Maybe not perfect, but it's heading in the right direction. Dart is no DSL-friendly beauty like Ruby, but I think: var odds = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5].filter((i) => i % 2 == 1); is pretty tolerable without being novel enough to scare people that have never programmed outside of a curly brace language. Type inference is a tooling feature, not a language feature for Dart. The tools can do some type inference now, and more may be added later. At the very least, I personally really hope we get fully inferred local variables. We had a separate jQuery-like lib that we wrote in Dart for a while before we figured, "why not just make the main DOM API better"? So this stuff: document.query('#menu').nodes.add(sliderMenu.node); Is a reflection of that. The ".node" part after sliderMenu will go away at some point. Our DOM lib doesn't currently work like jQuery's "collection-that-acts-like-an-object" style because we're worried about performance. Keep in mind that you can always ditch jQuery and go straight to the DOM if jQuery is too slow. If jQuery was the only way, you'd lose your fast path. So we've tried to come up with a DOM API that's easier to use, but still performant. If you've got ideas for how we can improve it, we'd definitely like to hear them. > It means that the generated JS uses modern JS features. I believe it compiles to ES 3, which is isn't exactly "modern JS features". IE6 is ten years old . At some point, you've gotta cut the cord! > AFAICT no type inference. Not yet. > No destructuring either. There's a proposal floating around for pattern-matching that would address that too. This is still early days for the language, so there's a lot left to be done. > Please try and hire people like Oleg Kiselyov, Simon Marlow, Erik Meijer All brilliant people, but you have to remember that not everyone thinks types are all that matters. I like type systems, but the majority of the world's shipped code was written in languages with unsound type systems. The misc mailing list is the (strangely named) main one: https://groups.google.com/a/dartlang.org/group/misc/topics . Join and fire away. > I'm not too keen on using underscore-starting identifiers to determine what is public and what is private. That's also been discussed. It has more going for it than may be at first apparent, but it has detractors too. > The Dart code in the examples is full of semicolons, that makes it an "optional semicolons language" Well of course they do because semicolons are currently required, but that says nothing about its relationship to JavaScript's inane semicolon insertion semantics, and I'm pretty sure you're smart enough to know that. All Dart needs to do is: 1. Treat both newlines and semicolons as the same kind of token (call it whichever you like). 2. Pick an elision strategy. Go's or Python's work fine. 3. Remove all of the ";" from your source files. No crazy JavaScript "rewind the parse and try again" insanity. Sometimes you care about the types, sometimes you don't. We are definitely trying to improve the DOM API with Dart, but, for performance reasons, ditching the DOM and starting over from scratch in Canvas doesn't really fly, at least not in the short term. Good idea. At some point, we'll probably harvest a bunch of this and put together a FAQ. > "Surprise! I was really SmallTalk all along!" Self, actually. Dart is closer to Smalltalk in Java's clothing. > maybe they will figure out a way to exclude parts of it which are not needed This is called "tree-shaking", is fairly standard, and is on the to-do list. I believe it does some now, but I think more is coming. Thanks! Dart's type annotations in a lot of ways are inspired by Closure. The big difference is that Closure Compiler style JS is... well... hideous. You get some of the maintainability and modularity of a statically typed language (I can't count the number of times the Closure Compiler found errors for me), but the way you have to write JavaScript to get that makes it incredibly ugly. > you've just left the limits the GUI imposes for a CLI environment Not all macro and automation systems are text-based. Automator and Photoshop actions both let you create user-defined behavior by combining primitives while still taking advantage of the discoverability and spatial layout of a GUI. "To play the game, you put currency into the machine. You then pull the knob and wait for the result. When the result is presented, you are rewarded with a cacophony of exciting sounds, attention-grabbing images, and some form of currency. Often times, this winning helps you progress towards a larger goal. You also have the opportunity with each play to win a rare prize of significantly higher value than the value of the currency you contributed to play the game." A while back when I was working on a roguelike (i.e. dungeon crawl RPG) I stumbled onto the same realization: assured incremental improvement + random chance for something awesome = addictive gameplay. This is how almost every RPG works at its core: every battle ends with a little guaranteed experience and gold plus a small random chance of an awesome loot drop. > Do you not remember the nightmare of FONT tags? Yes, but that's simply a failure from having no ability to define abstractions. Separating form/design/layout from content is one possible abstraction boundary, but it's just one arbitrary one, so it's kind of strange that they tried to bake it into the platform instead of making it easier to define whatever abstractions are meaningful for you. GitX supports that. I mainly use the command line for working with git, but I use GitX for committing because it has a great UI for seeing diffs and staging individual chunks. > Similar to developing in GWT, I doubt the JS will really be looked by the developers at once Dart's compiler is optimized more. Readable, debuggable JS is a high priority for Dart's Dart->JS compiler. Closure compiler doesn't just compile vanilla JS. It supports type annotations in comments and will use those to generate code. It's type system supports classes and interfaces. The Closure library has support for class-style inheritance. Programming in Closure-style JS feels like you're using an optionally-typed class-based language, just one with really terrible syntax. > But you will need to carefully educate coders about that, since relying on overflow is common in popular languages like C and C++. This is something we're aware of and we know we need to be extra clear and loud about it. > Also, integer overflow is not the only case where this problem arises. As far as I know, bigints are the only place where the VM and the generated JS intentionally differ in behavior. We are trying very hard to keep the two in sync. > It also happens with say division of an integer. Will Dart compiled code in JS add proper rounding correction to all divisions of integers? Dart has two division operators (~/ and /) to handle this. The former rounds (truncates? I'm not sure) and the latter does floating point division. So it's always the operation that determines the type of the result, and not the type of the operands. > Overall, it seems much simpler and safer to just correct overflows in the compiled code. Simpler: yes. Safer: yes. Unfortunately, it's also much slower. Rolling your own numeric type in JS means slower behavior when you have overflowed and slow behavior even when you haven't. If you're generating code for "a + b", you can't compile that to "a + b" in JS because you need to check for overflow and handle the fact that a or b could be bignums. We really want the compiled JS to behave the same as native code, but if it's significantly slower, people just won't use it at all. It's an unfortunate trade-off. > In particular, when you're done, make a list of all the primitives you needed to employ in order to do it. There's a deep insight at the end of this process. (No, I'm not going to tell you what it is.) Having done this before ( https://github.com/munificent/lark ), all it meant for me was that numbers and basic integer arithmetic became primitive. The clever bit about McCarthy's original metacircular interpreter is that it didn't need any types at all beyond atoms and cons cells: no bools, no ints, no nothing. I found it interesting, but I don't know if I reached any deep insight. Maybe that's just me, or maybe I missed something. > So if a module "foo" was tested against and depends on "baz@0.1.x" and a module "bar" depends on "baz@0.2.x", then when you go to use both "foo" and "bar" in your own program, "foo" and "bar" will both use the version of "baz" that they were tested and depend against! That sounds like a recipe for disaster if I get an object from "bar" that came from "baz@0.2.x" and try to give it to "foo" which then gives it to "baz@0.1.x". I'm suspicious of silver bullets in general and I'm deeply suspicious of any silver bullet that claims to slay version hell. Versioning is hard. > it's mostly strange that nobody else has it For what it's worth, we're working on adding it to Dart. I don't think it's a done deal yet, but I believe we're close to having something finalized. > webapps Mostly interesting because of their content and what they do with it on the server. > games You've got to be kidding me. There is nothing technically interesting in any web game I've ever seen. > social networking Again, has nothing to do with interesting client-side technical challenges and everything to do with the content and community. > You're talking language syntax. Don't forget the semantics too. > IMO Google chose to design Dart with curly braces. I don't think minification was a concern. Familiarity was: the world's most popular languages are curly-based so adopting that makes the language easier to learn for millions of coders. For what it's worth, I saw the title on HN, then saw that it was a link to your githublogthing and guessed "aw, he's going to be cheeky and turn it around in the post by interpreting it literally." So I thought the title was clever. > However no one writing a JS library is going to ask the consumer to extend one of their objects. Uh, if you're using the Closure libraries, you very likely are extending goog.Control or goog.Component. I don't know dojo, but from my brief perusal of the docs it looks like you do the same thing with dojo.declare. YUI seems to do the same with Widget. I'm not aware of a UI framework in JS that doesn't use inheritance from outside the library. I'm not sure if you're a fan of Dart or not, but it has nine of those now (classes, types, modules, generics, actors, properties, interfaces, abstract classes, and tooling) and more on the way. Might be worth giving it a try. > I could take a day long course in marketing and speak like a marketing exec..so what? Because if your job entails speaking to marketing execs, now you'll be more qualified to do so. Likewise, if a crash course in coding gives you a better ability to talk to the programmers you work with, that seems like time well spent to me. Dijkstra could be an asshat sometimes. BASIC is great because it teaches you that a computer can be made to do neat things by following a series of tiny instructions. It gives you that without you having to understand lexical scope, which is, I think, pretty hard to grasp for new users. Sure, every user will outgrow it, but that's fine . Tricycles are a shitty way to drive to work, but that doesn't mean you should just put your toddler behind the wheel of your car and let him go. > They send the sourcecode from the server to the client there is no time for a fully optimizing compiler. The solution that the Dart VM and other JS VMs to is to compile twice: you do a very fast simple compile so that you can start executing code quickly and reduce start-up time. Then you find frequently-used functions and recompile them using a more advanced optimizing compiler. This is why many modern VMs have a "warm-up" period: code will get faster over time as it gets recompiled more optimally. I'm one of the two people who wrote the article in question. Thanks for this response. This is much closer to what we were trying to express than the impression that many people (including Nutter) seem to have gotten out of it. It's reassuring that at least some readers were able to make sense of the general points we wanted to convey. > The position of Dart guys is simple: by compiling an arbitrary language (Dart in this case) to x86 (or whatever native arch the browser is running on) they can get a much faster code than compiling to an abstract VM, like JVM or .NET or parrot. Not just that, but that's is much simpler and easier to do so. It may be possible to get just as fast with a public intermediate bytecode format, but the amount of work required would be much much greater. Given how much effort it already takes to create a new language and all of the surrounding infrastructure (we're designing the language, iterating on it, writing a spec, building a VM, writing compilers, filling out the core library, writing tools, editors, documenting, evangelizing, etc.), anything we can do to minimize effort is a good idea. My understanding was that the prime original motivation for unchecked mode was indeed performance. As our Dart implementations are getting more mature, we're starting to get a better picture of how it does actually impact performance. I think what we're starting to see is that the performance implications aren't that bad. Given that, I think we're focusing less and less on production mode. It's still a valid option and it may make sense for some users but it may not be commonly used, sort of like -Ofast in gcc. C#: public static class EnumerableExtensions { public static IEnumerable FilterMap (this IEnumerable list, Func > callback) { ... } } There are some methods that need to be part of the class and carried around with the instance so that things like polymorphism work. But many operations work perfectly fine without. By making those lexically scoped, you avoid the problems of monkey-patching and method collisions. Extension methods are fantastic for this. Also, for kicks, Magpie: def (items) filterMap(callback) var result = [] for item in items do match callback(item) case true, mapped then items add(mapped) else nothing end end result end var result = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6] filterMap with if it % 2 == 0 then (true, it * 2) end print(result) // 4, 8, 12 Magpie is dynamically-typed, but methods are lexically-scoped (and are multimethods). > In order to have a language with return (and possibly super and other similar keywords) that satisfies the correspondence principle, the language must, like Ruby and Smalltalk before it, have a function lambda and a block lambda. Keywords like return always return from the function lambda, even inside of block lambdas nested inside. In case you want to get your google/wikipedia on, what Katz is talking about here is a "non-local return". Normal returns return from the immediately enclosing (i.e. local) lambda/fn/block/thing. Non-local ones unwind past multiple enclosing functions to cause an outer one to return. In Smalltalk, the distinction is between methods and blocks. A return expression always returns from the enclosing method and will unwind past any blocks that the return expression is contained in. In Common Lisp, I believe you name functions and then indicate the name of the enclosing function that you want to return from by doing `(return-from 3)`. I thought non-local returns were a bit impure and kind of a weird language novelty for a while. Recently, I added them to a hobby language of mine (Finch) and then wrote some code that uses them. Holy crap are they awesome. Being able to early return is, I think, one of the things that's really handy about imperative languages. I use it all the time in my code. But that cripples your ability to define your own flow-control-like structures that take functions. For example, here's some code that sees if an array contains a given item using a for loop: function contains(array, seek) { for (var i = 0; i Let's say you don't like doing an explicit C-style loop and you want to make your own forEach() control-flow-like function: function forEach(array, callback) { for (var i = 0; i Now we try to refactor `contains` to use it: function contains(array, seek) { forEach(array, function(item) { if (item == seek) return true; }); return false; } Crap, that doesn't work. There's no easy way to make `forEach()` stop early unless you go out of your way to make it support that by having the callback return some magic sentinel value. Or you do something hideous like throw a "return" exception. Non-local returns solve this neatly and end up being pretty delightful to use in practice. > either you implement them partially and have gaps in your semantics so that returning from a function whose stack frame is no longer active raises an exception Exactly right. That's the one nasty corner case I know of. I don't know how often it comes up in practice. I believe Ruby handles it by trying to make blocks not-very-first-class so that it's hard to capture one and have its extent outlast the outer stack frames. Also, Lisp has (return-from) which lets you do a non-local return by specifying which enclosing function to return from by name. > What if you created a declarative language which allows you to override the algorithms in a functional/imperative? We have that. They're called libraries. If I need to sort a collection, I don't write an imperative chunk of code, I just do: sort(myCollection) Looks pretty declarative to me. > I'm guessing that the only reason CoffeeScript embraces Javascript is for debugging. The other reason is to avoid code bloat. Adding your own runtime library adds a lot of (generated) JS that has to be pushed down to the client. This is something we're constantly fending with in Dart. Dart does have a runtime library (including a different DOM API!) and managing that without generating enormous amounts of JS is tricky. We're getting pretty good at dead code stripping, but doing that isn't easy. Without type annotations, it would be even harder. > I have a friend that says if I can't do my job without medication, I'm in the wrong profession. I hate that line of reasoning. I couldn't do my job without glasses. Does that mean I'm in the wrong profession? > Having to do the #ifndef/#define/#endif dance in every header file I write I'm just using "#pragma once" in my current hobby C++ project. I understand pragmas are living in sin, but is there any reason I shouldn't use them? > why the heck would anyone develop a website that loads that many elements all at once? I just opened my G+ page and count 50+ user thumbnails. Many modern social websites have lots and lots of small unique user-specific images. /me joins. I'm trying to figure out how a language which features reified generics, covariance and contravariance, lambdas, expressions-as-data, type inference, both static and dynamic types, reflection, and anonymous types could be considered by anyone as "catering to novices" or "coddling" you. Say what you want about MS, but C# is an incredibly powerful and expressive language. Oh, God, it's like Pinterest but you can spend money on it. Please, no one tell my wife about this. > But it does highlight the key failing of for loops: they conflate three separate kinds of operations -- filtering, reduction and transformation. Unsurprising for a Haskeller, but he forgot the fourth and likely most common use of for loops: iterative code that has side effects. If you want a language that compiles to JS and has more compile-time checking, I'd encourage you to check out Dart. It's not everyone's cup of tea, but if you don't mind semicolons and curly braces, it gives you a pretty decent amount of compile time checking while still generating nice JS. kristianc was like, "It's not necessarily the most elegant use of language, but it's not a pause or a tick.", but that's not, like, the only use of "like" in American vernacular. It's also used to pause, or to, like, distance yourself from what you're saying. Anyone familiar with your story (at Google and, as you know, there are many of us who are) knows how totally skewed your perception is. I'm familiar with michaelochurch's story (at least as much as your average Googler is, I assume) and I second what cletus is saying here. This is very cool, though I personally find postfix flow control confusing to read. The postfix loop with destructuring is especially odd to me. As I read left to right, I see variables that don't exist "yet" until I get to the later loop clause. This is probably just a familiarity thing and I would get used to it, but compared to all of the other changes in the video which I think are pretty clean that stood out to me as a bit... iffy? > 1) Prototypical inheritance is different from classical inheritance. This may be true, but JavaScript's flavor of prototypal inheritance is much closer to classical than it is to pure Self-style prototype delegation. In Self, you make new instances by taking an existing object and cloning it. That creates a new object that delegates directly to the one you clone from. In a class-based language, you make new instances by invoking a constructor, which is often a method on some other object that represents the class. That creates a new instance which shares a set of methods that all other objects created from that constructor share. Which of those sounds more like JS? JS by virtue of having constructors and `prototype` already is 90% of the way to being class-based. It just lacks the syntax to make that pleasant to work with. > making it be more like Java And Smalltalk, Simula, C++, Ada, Common Lisp, Objective-C, Delphi, Visual BASIC, C#, Dylan, PHP, Python, Ruby, ActionScript, Scala, OCaml, F#, and CoffeeScript. "An interesting startup idea might be providing some kind of financing for higher quality goods." That's basically what layaway was. Now, that's what credit cards do. I use git because of github, and not vice versa. > never seem to be able to point to any company (in the current generation) that achieved massive success by starting in a fast language? Didn't Google start in C++? > Is that the norm or do people still interview candidates using, say C or Java, for Ruby/Python/JS positions? When I interviewed at Google, they let me pick the language. I did some C++, some Java, and C#. As long as both you and the interviewer can understand it, they don't care about the language. They want to maximize your comfort. When I got hired, I ended up doing JS full-time. Google assumes you can pick up a new language. > I can't help but feel that these people will someday look back and have great pictures of these events but no memory of them. Their phone is their memory of it. We are outsourcing part of our brain to our devices. This is lamentable, but probably inevitable. AdWords, AdSense, Flights, Hotel Finder, Offers, Wallet, The New Blogger, Chrome Webstore, Product Search, Public Data, New Google Groups, Orkut, Google Takeout, Google Pagespeed, Google WebFonts, Google Tables, Google Health (discontinued), Google Wave (discontinued), PlayN (basis of Angry Birds) http://gwtreferencelist.appspot.com/#AboutPlace : > You don't need a static type system to make sure that your functions are sane and consistent, and you don't have to be John Resig either. Right, and you can do structured programming in assembly. But when the language or tools don't help you do that, there are examples like the one the author points out where developers don't. Don't mistake utility (what can be done) for usability (what is easy to do). Usability always matters. > First of all, put a comment at the top of your function that says what to expect about the return value. I want a language that gives me a nice pleasant syntax for doing that. > Secondly, every time you write the word "return", look up at the top of your function and make sure you are in accordance with what you said the function would do. As a programmer, you should be trained that when you see "every time", you think "automate this". If you and everyone on your team and everyone who has ever been on your team has to remember to do something every single time, your code will accumulate a pile of instances of forgetting. Fixing that is exactly what tools and languages are for. It's a hell of a lot easier to make a disciplined tool than a more disciplined programmer. (And when you have made a more disciplined programmer, they typically evidence that by asking for more disciplined tools.) Here's a little story for you, as a birthday present. About four years ago, I was a game programmer at EA in Florida. I liked games, but I was burned out on EA, and on coding in general. I didn't feel like I was learning anything, and the people around me didn't seem enthusiastic about coding. My formerly exciting job was a grind. Around that time, I stumbled onto this weird site called "reddit". There, I found all these articles where people were blogging about how awesome coding was. They were excited about programming languages, and techniques and just generally seeing how far they could push being a coder. Moreso, the comment threads were filled with super smart people having these amazing discussions around the articles (and also some puns). One of the blogs, and one of the commenters who always stood out for me as being thoughtful, positive, and an excellent writer was this "raganwald" character. With him and the rest of the reddit community, I felt like I had found My People, and it completely reignited my love of programming, programming languages, and writing. I got more into programming languages, started blogging, and started coding a lot more in my free time. While I wasn't learning much at work, I was learning a ton of new stuff about interpreters, compilers, algorithms, data structures, and just about everything I could glean from blog posts, wikipedia articles and journal papers that weren't behind academic paywalls. My blogging led to me getting a book deal (which alas I had to back out on because of the time commitment). All this stuff about data structures and algorithms was enough to get me out of Florida and past Google's fiery hiring gauntlet, and my newfound interest in programming languages landed me my absolute dream project. So now I'm here in a city I adore, at a job I love, on a project that I'm excited to be on every single day. And, in a strange way, you helped make it happen. Thanks, and happy birthday. > declaring the return type doesn't tell users anywhere near all they need to know in many cases. It doesn't declare all they need to know, but it covers a good fraction of it. As a really nice bonus, it's machine checkable. > And since you can't usefully discuss the return value without implicitly disclosing its type in the comments I don't seem to have this problem. I have lots of comments that are like: // Copies [from] to [to]. copyFile(File from, String to) { ... } Note that the comment didn't redundantly point out that "from" is a File and "to" is a String. > But I don't think I have personally ever actually run into a bug in a dynamically typed language that would have been avoided by a static type system. I actually get to perform this experiment all the time . I work on Dart. Dart has fully dynamically-typed runtime semantics, but also an optional static type checker that the Dart Editor uses to give you static warnings. Up until recently, I've mostly write my code in a plain text editor. I do write type annotations, but I get no static checking whatsoever. They're basically comments. Now that I'm using the Editor more, I can open up codebases I've written that were blind to static type checking and see what kinds of warnings it finds. I get some false positives (i.e. the bug is in the type annotation, not the code), but I also find a disheartening number of legit bugs, and this is in code with good test coverage. I like dynamically-typed languages, but it turns out the static typing people aren't crazy: it really does find bugs. I wouldn't mistake an appreciation for static types with a preference for large complex IDEs or a statement of language superiority. I work mostly in a text editor in a language whose static type system is far from mandatory. > Also, you can't ignore that this is hosted by Adobe... This may be true, but it's an ad hominem attack. This is absolutely brilliant. In case anyone is wondering whether this reflects Google's current working culture, let me comment that in my experience it absolutely does not. In the office I work in, it is virtually empty at 8:00 AM and mostly empty by 7:00 PM. Most people seem to show up around 9:00 AM and leave around 6:00. On Fridays, the office mostly stops working around 5:00 PM. There is a cadre of people, typically those without families, who stay a bit later but it often seems like they stay just long enough to eat the free dinner and then head home. Those people often also show up around or after 10:00 AM. There is variation from project to project and office to office, but the work life balance seems very healthy in the offices I've seen. I have kids and a long commute, so it's important that I don't work late and I've never felt the slightest pressure to work more hours. I think as working programmers, we end up torn between two opposing perspectives with our tools (i.e. programming languages, editors, language features): On one side, there's the aesthetic of minimalism. Visualize the master Japanese calligrapher seated in an otherwise empty room, table before him. One parchment, one pot of ink, one brush. And he creates the most flawless art one could imagine. Mastery means removing all artifice, leaving only pure creation. On the other side, take a look at your average real workshop: a mechanic's garage, a woodshop, or an operating theatre. They are filled with tools. Mastery is knowing a hundred different implements, each carefully designed for one or a few uses. Mastery means having tamed a thousand tools and knowing which one is the perfect one to apply to the situation at hand. Programming languages live on a continuum between these points. Over in Zen land, you've got Scheme and Go, maybe Smalltalk and JavaScript. Over in everything-but-the-kitchen-sink territory, you've got Java, C#, Common Lisp, and C++. The first image certainly seems cooler: you as code ninja wielding vi and lambdas with deadly precision. It's the aesthetic of the artist and intellectual. The second image is blue collar, the tradesman, the kid who took shop class for four years, the vocational school graduate. If we accept the second image, that says something deep and maybe unpleasant about how we look at our work. But, honestly, I think the reality is that quality professional work often looks like the second picture. Every time I go to Home Depot and get some random tool that only does one thing (basin wrench, water heater element remover, you name it), it takes a job that would be hours of frustration and turns it into child's play, and the quality of the work is better. Simplicity is a virtue worth striving for, but I think it's also valid to want tools perfectly suited for certain tasks . The real art is balancing the two. I think Go hews to the minimal side, but I agree that it definitely aims to be practical and full-featured. The language itself is small, but not painfully tiny (unlike, say, Scheme), and the standard library is quite nice from what I've seen. The JS output that gets generated from a Dart program isn't just "dart_size * multiplier", it's "dart_size * multiplier + constant". So, when you see a tiny Dart program being compiled to a large amount of JS, that doesn't mean a large Dart program will compile to a huge amount of JS, it just means that the constant is dwarfing the multiplier. The constant is coming from the runtime library (or, more accurately, the portions of the runtime library that your program uses). That's relatively fixed so as your Dart program gets larger, the overhead of that becomes relatively smaller. The actual code-size multiplier when going from Dart -> JavaScript is actually fairly small and getting smaller over time. In some cases, we may actually compile Dart code to less JavaScript code because of things like dead code elimination and constant folding. JavaScript code size is something that we consider a core metric for dart2js and we're constantly working to reduce it. It's definitely true that you can just recalculate and redraw the entire terminal in a roguelike these days with decent performance. I've done it. However, doing that wastes CPU cycles that you can use for other fun stuff in the game. In particular, monster AI will easily soak up any cycles you want to throw at it, and the more you can, the more interesting your enemies will be. That's true of every language, though, isn't it? If you use libraries, your app gets bigger. In C#, it's up to the person defining the type to decide whether it has value/stack semantics (a struct) or not (a class). Structs have some limitations regarding constructors, and being passed by value is surprising to users used to classes. For these and other reasons, the vast majority of types are classes. So you can have on-stack or embedded objects, but they are fairly rare. In Go, the user of a type decides whether it will be used by reference (on the GC heap) or directly on the stack or embedded in an object: you can take a pointer to any type, or use the type directly. That gives the consumer of a type much greater flexibility to not create garbage if they don't want to. > I was told by the Ouya official twitter account to just "develop on another Android device", which is a very shallow answer Well, how deep of an answer were you expecting on twitter? Instead of trying to infer what the 140 character limitation suggests, maybe email them? Yes, it can, actually. Rendering graphics is slow. AI is slow. Doing either one of them inefficiently punishes the other. AI code can easily eat any free cycles you want to give it: you can always crank up your pathfinding distance or the number of turns your AI looks ahead. The problem space of a roguelike is massively larger than chess and that can certainly keep a supercomputer busy. Just in case you aren't aware, "is bad and you should feel bad" is a meme from Futurama, so the author was probably just trying to be funny. From Design Patterns (first edition): > Delegation is a way of making composition as powerful for reuse as inheritance [Lie86,JZ91]. In delegation, two objects are involved in handling a request: a receiving object delegates operations to its delegate . This is analogous to subclasses deferring requests to superclasses. But with inheritance, an inherited operation can always refer to the receiving object through the "this" member variable in C++ and "self" in Smalltalk. To achieve the same effect without delegation, the receiver passes itself to the delegate to let the delegated operation refer to the receiver. Sounds like they're perfectly clear and correct to me. As the author of the post points out the GoF don't actually show examples of delegation in the book and I don't recall them using the term much, so I don't see how they're perpetrating any misinformation here. > In JS we can assign a prototype: the equvalent of the parent slot in Self. No, .prototype is not equivalent to a parent slot in Self. It's closer to a traits object, I think. The unstandardized __proto__ property is equivalent to a parent slot in JS. > Yeah, Design Patterns showed examples in Java. And Java can’t do delegation. So is that a valid argument for rewriting the meaning of a term? Design Patterns is older than Java. Maybe later editions use it, but the original version used C++ and Smalltalk. Otherwise, good troll post, original author. I'm sure you'll get lots of traffic and people noticing your book. Well played! Clarifying the underlying concept is great. Self-style delegation gets to the heart of why "this" is dynamically bound in JavaScript, which is one of the language's most confusing features. Self-style delegation is also just generally cool and more people should know about it. At the same time, getting hung up on terminology and trying to mandate a definition that goes against current usage just because it's older is a fool's errand and doesn't help. Language is a social construct. It's very important for us to have consensus and agree on what words mean so that we can communicate efficiently. At the same time, there's nothing wrong about having definitions change over time. "Car" used to mean a two-wheeled Celtic war chariot. It wouldn't be helpful to insist that it still mean that, and it's just mean to proclaim that everyone who uses "car" to mean "automobile" is wrong and doesn't understand the idea of war chariots. > Gestures are a powerful form of communication - consider deaf signers, scuba divers, even in time sensitive operations like military and sports. In all of these examples, gestures are being used to interact with another sentient being . We use gestures to talk to people, not to tools. I think gestures are great, but I don't want to have a conversation with my computer, I want to use it. I want to feel like I'm a craftsman, and not a manager of the work I create on it. (For that same reason, I'm not enthusiastic about voice recognition either.) That being said, I probably would be excited to use gestures (and voice) for social software that was intrinsically about interacting with other people. Think multiplayer games or video chat. It's pronounced "et cetera" because that's what it's an abbreviation of. Most abbreviations (unlike acronyms) aren't verbalized in their abbreviated form. You say "versus", not "vs" when you read it. However, I do often hear Unix hackers say "et-sey" when referring to the "etc/" directory because precision is important there: the directory is not named "etcetera" so pronouncing it as such would confuse. You should check out Smalltalk blocks. They are much closer to what Ruby has than Lisp-style closures are. Source maps[1] should help with this. [1]: http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/source... > I'm not sure function level scope over block level is a bad thing. It makes it more Lisp-y. Lisp has block scope. Ironically, improving the DOM is actually something we're trying to do with Dart: http://www.dartlang.org/articles/improving-the-dom/ . Comparing JS interop in Dart and TypeScript is apples and oranges. Dart has a native virtual machine with its own garbage collector and object representation. The language itself has an entirely different object model and set of collection types. For better or worse, even Dart's number types are different from JS. Doing JS interop in Dart is like trying to do interop between the JVM and CLR. TypeScript doesn't have JS interop: it is JavaScript. TypeScript is basically JS linter with a type annotation syntax. (And a few additional local features like arrow functions and class syntax.) That being said, we know on the Dart team that JS interop is hugely important. It's just much harder for us to do. We've just announced a big step in the right direction: http://www.dartlang.org/articles/js-dart-interop/ That's because Google's initial product was CPU bound. Most web products aren't. Most of Youtube was and is written in Python. > Has anyone built something that illustrates Dart's features Take a look at: http://synonym.dartlang.org/ > or made a neat web app with it? We're getting there. People are starting to build frameworks and libraries, and there are a bunch of sample apps floating around. The language itself is still changing pretty quickly, so it's most amenable to early adopters. As things get more stable, I think we'll start to see more apps. > Can it handle graceful degradation from running in a browser which natively supports Dart to a browser which requires JS compilation? Yes. There's a canonical stub .js file that you add a script tag for on your page. That will detect whether or not the browser supports Dart and pull in either the native Dart code or the compiled-to-JS one as appropriate. With this, you can write an app that any browser can hit and it will do the right thing. It's also optimized for retina displays. Those thumbnails look incredible on a Retina MBP. Your point is definitely true. The challenge is that we don't seem to be skilled in distinguish a hammer that is better from one that is simply newer and different. Programming technology seems to be about 20% utility and 80% fashion. Sure, wearing pants is good and having pockets lets you carry more stuff. But beyond that, changing your wardrobe because cuffs are out or pleats are coming back is just changing just for fashion's sake. That isn't to say it isn't important: social signaling is a huge part of what human animals do and we can and should never disregard that part of our simian nature. But we also should try to understand when we're picking things for pragmatic versus social reasons.