Hi all, I wrote this in my spare time, originally aimed at the American Competitive Policy Debate community (though it's applicable to anyone) - some notes. 1. No one seems to have made anything like this (queryable, word level extractive summarization) , and I was pissed because when I was doing competitive debate I really wanted this tool (I spent days doing this stupud underlining and highlighting of evidence that I'd like back). 2. This is also equivalent to a "Semantic Search" engine. I've seriously thought of trying to write a word2vec powered ctrl-F replacement for a web-browser. I'm convinced that CX_DB8 is proof that this could be neat. 3. While my idea of making a tool that can make any document "say what I want it to say" was cool, the reality is that it's kinda hard to make it look like a document says the opposite of what it naturally says. To a word vector model, "X is bad" and "X is good" are usually very similar, meaning that the summaries given for each query are very similar. 4. Is there anything I could improve? I feel like there's gotta be something better than Cosine Similarity and mean pooling for the creation of document vectors out of word vectors. I saw something implying that TF-IDF weighting doesn't help - which sucks - so I'm skeptical. Thank you to all the people who contributed the packages that makes CX_DB8 possible Reposting because even though I got 0 upvotes on the last post, github insights shows that a TON of people saw this via HN - and I got an additional 10 github stars after I posted this. Ugh Lurkers Hi all, I wrote this in my spare time, originally aimed at the American Competitive Policy Debate community (though it's applicable to anyone) - some notes. 1. No one seems to have made anything like this (queryable, word level extractive summarization) , and I was pissed because when I was doing competitive debate I really wanted this tool (I spent days doing this stupud underlining and highlighting of evidence that I'd like back). 2. This is also equivalent to a "Semantic Search" engine. I've seriously thought of trying to write a word2vec powered ctrl-F replacement for a web-browser. I'm convinced that CX_DB8 is proof that this could be neat. 3. While my idea of making a tool that can make any document "say what I want it to say" was cool, the reality is that it's kinda hard to make it look like a document says the opposite of what it naturally says. To a word vector model, "X is bad" and "X is good" are usually very similar, meaning that the summaries given for each query are very similar. 4. Is there anything I could improve? I feel like there's gotta be something better than Cosine Similarity and mean pooling for the creation of document vectors out of word vectors. I saw something implying that TF-IDF weighting doesn't help - which sucks - so I'm skeptical. Thank you to all the people who contributed the packages that makes CX_DB8 possible Pretty sure that Python has a larger total ecosystem of packages than R. What you describe is not postmodernism. Antinatalism is certainly not nihilism. You seem to be confused The term used for this by philsophers at least after hegel is "the dialectic". I've always thought that many philsophers uncritical acceptance of a dialectical process within the world was absurd. I am happy to see some evidence from science indicating this to be the case. Einstein was explicitly anti stalinist and advocates globalism in his work "Why Socialism" You can read it online A right, even and especially a positive right, is strictly always a curtailment of some form of freedom. The "right to life" means that no one has the freedom to kill you arbitrarily. The right to health care means that the market is not free to deny you health care. The right to freedom of religion means that the religious must make do without your religious donation. The NAP is literally impossible to not break over even the most trivial of things and if you seriously believe in it or similar you're far more ignorant than the person you accuse. I can buy Android phones that do nothing to stop me from rooting them or unlocking the boot loader (OnePlus). I have to fight Apple for root access, and frequently I will lose. You can do anything on an Android phone that requires root access. None of that is possible on iPhone unless it's been out for quite awhile. I bet he can do that more effectively on his DIY build than a top of the line Mac Pro can. Hell, he can put a faster Xeon in for half of the price and already beat it on whatever the Xeon would beat an I7 in. Lol it's both. Men don't get pregnant Most antinatalists reject rationalism. No, not "rationality", "rationalism" as a philosophical position How can one be a rational trader without an effecient market? Books are cooked and I'm sure that Boeing spent more on "lobbying" or "lobbying and backroom deals" than 15 million. Id expect a difference of at least a factor of 10 but it's not easy to prove as they have a vested interest to keep that money out of the public eye. Heidigger isn't worth reading by anyone of any age. He's one of the OG Charlatans before DnG and Lacan beat him out Egoism is not bad - it's inevitable. Abrahamic values teach this literal self-hatred and "humans as innately evil" line but it has no basis in reality. See the work of Max Stirner on a rehabilitation of egoism and why a union of egoists (differing from a society only in the voluntary nature of the association) isn't synonymous with "egoistic psudo-individualism" It's like the franco-prussian war and German unification just didn't happen! Have you ever asked yourself why France was so willing to fight Germany? Progressive Dems like Bernie Sanders are considerably less friendly to mass surveillance than centerist Dems like Obama. Bernie votes against the Patriot act every time. You can elect people who will fight it. Folks just don't want too because it might involve pot getting legalized and "socialism" Between this and the UMAP paper on cancer publishing in Nature, I'm convinced that my next publication will be in the sample place that Isaac Newton published in Wait, how is K-NN harder to implement than a perception... Even in hardware? What about linear regression? What about decision trees? What about naive Bayes? I like attacking academics for careerism as much as the next guy (and especially in the context of the strange embrasure of post modernist authors) but they straight up aren't even talking about the worst form of this yet. The French authors listed at least had a sembalance of value from their works. Hell, I'd highly recommend everything Arendt wrote and Derrida wrote at least one good book on the Marx/Stirner rivalry. Plus if you're getting a philosophy degree you basically need to read everyone on that list (okay maybe exclude Foucault cus he says some dumb and anti-historical shit about leprosy) But this piece failed to really get at the heart of Charlatanism. What really scares me are the "academics" who unironically believe in psychoanalysis today. It's not just for fashion - it's pure lunancy. These are your "lacanians". Try reading Lacan, or Deleuze and Guattari and you will see a whole level of bullshit one wouldn't even imagine possible. Seriously the story of Jacques Lacan and his popularity today among academics should scare you. Hit me up when this competes with tabNine Foucault's only half decent book was discipline and punish (where the panopticon chapter is in) but if you actually read him (or open up any of DnGs anti-oedipus) you will see very rapidly why you had to have a secondary source understand them. It's because modern people don't read Charlatan authors as much as Foucault did. Foucault is a terrible historographer and no amount of writing against "metanarratives" or "totalizing descriptions of history" saves him from this "Deconstruction" is not what I critique. I critique people who unironically stlll believe in the powers of psychoanalysis. DnG don't get a pass for inventing schozoanalysis - it's way worse! This is exactly why the term for what this article is criticising is "Critical Theory". Leftist postmodernists are damn good at critiquing things, and calling out why one should reject a mainstream position. Of course, they forgot that the seductive belief in rationalism - specifically in the claim that some human recognize reality more correctly than others (and education is what separates the wrong from the correct) - is most likely the beginning of every from of hierarchy and oppression that they critique. Why is it that Foucault - an author who writes all about how shitty schools are - is required reading in many undergraduate classes? If he saw people being graded for regurgitating his ideas, he'd be spinning in his grave! The Academy is where critical theory goes to be neutered. And it must be, as it would be too subversive without tenured academics to keep the proles from direct action. No you don't. Lay-people offer great criticism against "language" without knowing the "language of critique". I don't need to say "Your epistemology is built upon a reductionist and totalizing conception of the self". I can say "There is no all-knowable truth in the world if there is no directly identifiable self" Fourth option, and one that may seriously be advocated by Anti-natalists, is a "pro-death" view which would advocate for as many abortions as possible because all life invokes harm and on balance the ethical harm of even a small amount of suffering outweighs the ethical good of the pleasure of enjoyment - leading to the attempt to create a "benevolent end of the world" through not having children. The only reason that the person before you didn't include this view is because its outside of their overton window. "maybe if academics churned out more philosophy that spoke to the concerns of real people Peterson would have less of an audience" Someone did. His name is Wittgenstein. Folks just don't read him. Also, real people def experience existential dread. Camus and Sartre are great reads for trying to come to terms with the possibility of infinite (but some infinities are larger than others!) freedom Real people experience oppression, which is why most of the "postmodern neo-marxists" care so much about stopping it. Real people experience ethical dilemmas, and would find a lot of utility in exploring the thoughts of Kant, JSM, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Arendt. Out of those, Kant is the only one whose sort of difficult to understand without knowing the jargon. Really this article is about how terrible contemporary French Philosophy given that the useless jargon seems only to be in their works (since Hegel anyway) There's entire books written which contradict every point you've brought up. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Structure_of_Scientific_Re... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Against_Method https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proofs_and_Refutations https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imre_Lakatos https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ego_and_Its_Own (his stuff on epistemology not the rest) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demarcation_problem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Is%E2%80%93ought_problem Uhhhhh??????? Unsupervised learning is totally a thing! Word embedding models are achieving STOA results on massive unlabeled corpuses . That's what's powering most of the new results in NLP. Clustering and Dimensionality Reduction folks just sitting here thrown out to dry too... This is plain wrong. https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.04938 A simple counter-example. A really neat library called "eli5" and specifically, it's white-boxing functionality for NLP and CV applications does a great job of helping one figure out if their model is learning "incorrect" information in its prediction pipeline. The paper I link show why this does a good job of improving user trust in models, which is your second point on human-computer interaction https://eli5.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/black-box-te... For instance, one can run the same TextExplainer algorithm on a word embedding powered model, which encodes its features in some N dimensional space that doesn't correspond to anything that a human understands directly. TextExplainer can reverse engineer which words were most important for a classifier predicting x sample in y class, when this would otherwise be difficult to do (as is the case for basically all state of the art NLP models) All you need to do is comb through your models erroneous predictions with Textexplainer and you can figure out what "incorrect" information is being learned. I found out this way that punctuation is pretty bad for generalizable NLP, and should be preprocessed out in most circumstances. I can take the really simple vizualizations and show them to managers and suits to justify why a model was wrong somewhere. This is value gained from interpretability This absolutely is an interpretability technique which actually helps people achieve a task they care about. The only cavet of this method is that the white-box model which immitates the black-box model isn't 100% accurate, but its accuracy is a hyper-paramater. PS. If you look into who the developers of eli5 are - it's an agency which takes money from DARPA and works with sigint agencies. Eli5 and text-explainer can work on any type of black-box model. Spooks want to crack open the models. That should be your signal that there's valuable information to be gained from interpretable machine learning. Lain from the hit anime, "Serial experiments lain" used lisp when she coded The connection is apparent to everyone else reading. 1. Most neural network architectures have fewer "neurons" than 10^5. Maybe the word you are looking for is "parameters" 2. A neuron in the brain and a neuron in a neural network are totally different things. It's nice to see folks becoming aware of negative utilitarianism. This just in - Science gives evidence for a Jainist world-view! Topic models are going to get blown the hell out by UMAP and other manifold based dimensionality reduction algorithms Re: promising results Yes, there have been. https://github.com/lmcinnes/umap_paper_notebooks The author of UMAP shows impressive results with 3 million word vectors For dealing with multiple meanings, It's already been done. Sense2vec resolves most of these issues and a wordnet integrated version of word2vec or the newer "XLNet" would be state of the art by a long shot but no one seems to want to implement it so the world waits longer for good NLP models I guess... You'll find that if you run UMAP on a large corpus (the same size as your original word embeddings), the ones it'll generate (especially if you feed it any labels as UMAP supports semi-supervised and supervised dimensionality reduction) should outperform those generated I'd even wager by modern transformers. if they don't, than they'll be like 2% worse for a lot of speed improvement on the currently single threaded implementation of UMAP Oh and you can use UMAP to concat tons of vector models together and all other side data for super-loaded embeddings Has the author made sure he's using the exact same set of word embeddings as utilized by the authors of that paper? Are they trained on exactly the same corpus with the same parameters? Do the md5 hashes match? This could be cheating... Or it could be a case of model mismatch. I'm left without a clear reason to prefer one explanation over the other. I wrote a tool for this called CX_DB8. It's better than any other "TextRank" based extractive summarizer in that it utilizes the latest in word embeddings, and supports queryability. Furthermore, it is the only word-level extractive summarizer to support all of this. Mostly aimed at the competitive debate community but anyone can use it. https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 Hopefully you'll see my paper about this in EMNLP 2019 System Demos... Shameless self plug, but for anyone interested in the SOTA of extractive text summarization, I wrote a tool for this which allows for folks to use any type of word embeddings to run a modified queryable text rank on. This leads to SOTA text extraction. https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 CX_DB8 also supports word and sentence level extraction. I plan on adding paragraph extraction in a future update. My github name is "Hellisotherpeople" which ideally would be lengthened as "Hell is other peoples code". Yet, I like the alternative variation in the title of the article Why isn't this being used heavily in other NLP frameworks? All the newest Language Models seem to be throwing more compute at transformer models instead of moving away from Euclidean Space. 1. Most French Intellectuals at the time supported this. You'll have to disvow basically most of Critical Theory if you don't like frenchies who want to remove the age of consent. 2. More importantly, all of this is totally unrelated to the point made by the previous poster. Idea: My model takes in documents from the user using Standard Input - Then the model classifies, explains why it classified the way it did, and asks the user if the predicted label is the ground truth or not. User supplies the ground truth, the model incrementally trains on the new example, and that new example (with human supplied label) is appended to my dataset and the cycle continues. This is called active learning I want to take in massive sums of articles from a news API which will be placed in their corresponding file based on where my classifier says I should put them. I have to generate my own labeled data for this. That is a problem. Most people don't realize that the sample efficiency in models which utilize transfer learning is so great that AI-assisted data labeling is extremely useful and can significantly shorten what is ordinarily a painful data labeling process. We need a way to quickly create word embedding powered document classifiers which learn with a human in the loop. For some classes, an extremely limited number of examples may be all that is necessary to get results that a user would consider to be successful for their task. I want to know what my model is learning - so I integrate the word embeddings available with Flair, combine with Classifiers in Sklearn and Tensorflow/Keras/PyTorch, and finish it off with a nice squeeze of the LIME algorithm for model interpretability (implemented within the ELI5 Library) There was a genuinely "left-wing" part of the Nazi party (Strassurists)[1], though they along with their leader (Ernst Rohm)[2] were purged in the night of the long knives (also known as the Rohm purge)[3] The Germans had a term for communists who swapped to the Nazi party - Beefsteak Nazis[4]. Brown on the outside and red on the inside. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strasserism 2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernst_R%C3%B6hm 3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_of_the_Long_Knives 4. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beefsteak_Nazi Dimensionality reduction is absolutely a form of "machine learning". UMAP or Ivis are doing the same thing but utilize fancier methods so now they must be more relavent? I'd be curious to see what happens when you combine the system with a system that removes the possibility of illegal moves. I bet accuracy will go dramatically up - especially if they utilize a really modern transformers based architecture for the vectorization part. Peer review is so shit at major AI conferences that his paper was most likely rejected for nonsensical reasons What you are describing is called "Negative Utilitarianism" And yet Arma 3 is pathetically unrealistic. The fact that Picture-In-Picture scopes are so rare even within the game's assets shows a certain contempt for realism. I've never had to load bullets into my magazine one by one in Arma before. I've had to do that plenty of times in Escape from Tarkov. Red Orchestra also has more realistic scopes and gun mechanics. It's funny to watch folks here rediscover nationalization. Unfortunately, regardless of the justice of that action, Nationalization is the fastest way around to not just cause capital flight, but (if you're a small country) those wealthy individuals who lose will also hire thugs/counter-revolutionaries to destroy those who tried to expraproiate them. You literally cannot win. Either enjoy the corporate dread or enjoy a bullet to the head You nationalize any domestic assets You should have posted GDP per capita, not just total GDP. Good thing that Deontology is nothing but Utilitarianism with a different name. We can think Schopenhauer for pointing out Kant's errors on this one. What? "His merit in this respect, therefore, is very great; yet justice requires that we also remember here, firstly that his exposition and argument are often not in keeping with the tendency and spirit ofhis ethics, as we shall see in a moment, and secondly that, even so,he is not the first to have purged virtue of all principles of happiness.For Plato, especially in the Republic, of which the main tendencyis precisely this, expressly teaches that virtue is to be chosen for itsown sake alone, even if unhappiness and ignominy should be in-evitably associated with it. But still more does Christianity preach awholly unselfish virtue, that is also practised not for the sake of thereward in a life after death, but quite gratuitously out of love forGod, inasmuch as works do not justify, but only faith which virtueaccompanies, as its mere symptom so to speak, and which thereforeappears quite gratuitously and of its own accord. See Luther's DeLibertate Christiana. I will not take at all into account the Indians,in whose sacred books the hope of a reward for our works iseverywhere described as the path of darkness which can never leadto the blissful state. However, we do not find Kant's doctrine ofvirtue so pure; or rather the presentation falls far short of the spirit,and has in fact lapsed into inconsistency. In his highest good, whichhe subsequently discussed, we find virtue wedded to happiness. Yetthe ought, originally so unconditioned, does postulate afterwards acondition for itself, really in order to be rid of the inner contradic-tion, burdened with which it cannot live. Now supreme happinessin the highest good should not really be the motive for virtue; yetit is there like a secret article, the presence of which makes all therest a mere sham contract. It is not really the reward of virtue,but yet is a voluntary gift for which virtue, after work has beendone, stealthily holds its hand open. We can convince ourselves ofthis from the Critique of Practical Reason (pp. 223-266 of thefourth, or pp. 264-295 of the Rosenkranz edition). The whole ofKant's moral theology also has the same tendency, and on this veryaccount morality really destroys itself through moral theology. ForI repeat that all virtue in any way practised for the sake of a re-ward is based on a prudent, methodical, far-seeing egoism.Now the purport of the absolute ought, the fundamental law of practical reason, is the famous: "So act that the maxim of your willmight always be valid at the same time as the principle of a uni-versal legislation." This principle gives to the person who demandsa regulation for his own will, the task of seeking a regulation forthe will of all. The question then arises how such a regulation is tobe found. Obviously, to discover the rule of my conduct, I oughtnot to have regard to myself alone, but to the sum-total of all indi-viduals. Then instead of my own well-being, the well-being of allwithout distinction becomes my object and aim. This aim, however,still always remains well-being. I then find that all can be equallywell off only if each makes the egoism of others the limit of his own.It naturally follows from this that I ought not to injure anyone, sothat, since this principle is assumed to be universal, / also may notbe injured. This, however, is the only ground on account of whichI, not yet possessing a moral principle but only looking for one,can desire this to be a universal law. But obviously in this way thedesire for well-being, in other words egoism, remains the source ofthis ethical principle. As the basis of political science it would beexcellent; as the basis of ethics it is worthless. For the man who at-tempts to establish a regulation for the will of all, which is proposedin that moral principle, is himself in turn necessarily in need of aregulation, otherwise everything would be a matter of indifferenceto him. This regulation, however, can only be his own egoism, asthe conduct of others influences this alone. Therefore only by meansof this, and with respect to it, can that man have a will concerningthe conduct of others, and is such conduct not a matter of indiffer-ence to him. Kant himself very naïvely intimates this" Pg 524-525, The World as Will and Representation, http://www.gutenberg.org/files/38427/38427-pdf.pdf Kant was eternally destroyed by Schopenhauer and Philip Mainlander. There's an improvement to T-SNE called UMAP Oh you mean like that time when the Mongol conquered and ruled china for like, 100+ years, ushering in the largest case of minority rule the world had ever seen to that point. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuan_dynasty Wait... That's what dimensionality reduction is for. I can interpret 3 PCA dimensions pretty damn well since I can figure out the covariance explained by each dimension of my original dimensions That's why you use interpretability tools like LIME Example of this would be here: https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/Active-Explainable-Clas... Imagine that we made word vectors out of PCA reduced sparse tf-idf or countvectorized vectors. I can tell you exactly what each PCA component explains. I could even do that at the word level because it's not difficult to do inverse transforms with some simple dimensionality reduction techniques The model interpretability goes out the window because we used techniques for the vectorization that kinda suck. NLP is obsessed with self-supervision unnecessarily when they should be innovating in dimensionality reduction techniques You don't deserve the downvotes that you are getting. They dislike you because you're right Lol, GitHub search is far better than tf-idf you are seriously mistaken if you think that tf-idf will be better BTW for real world use if you want to do PCA but want a better solution than an algorithm which makes linearity assumptions there are two really hot algorithms for dimensionality reduction right now UMAP - topology manifold learning based method Ivis - simese triplet network autoencoder Both of them will blow PCA out of the water on basically all datasets. PCAs only advantages are speed and interpretability (easy to see explained covariance) Transfer learning is no longer under-investigated. Just look at how the NLP and CV communities get state of the art results UMAP is basically one of the most innovative things I've ever seen. It's highly used in NLP with extremely good results Any type of clustering I strongly suspect that it's worse than UMAP or Ivis. Graph based methods are great for some things but not clustering I don't even believe the thesis about one dominating the other in a specific domain. I dont think top mentions in conferences in a good measure of usage. har har Godwins law and all that, but this comparison is pertinent The Nazi's didn't seek to destroy Civilization (at least not in the sense that a Primitivist would), but they absolutely affirmed the ideology of "we should not protect the weak" [1] while attempting to preserve some form of "Civilized Society". [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aktion_T4 >But who advocates for those who can't or won't? The answer is literal leftist "SJWs" which is a slur to all but those who agree with the policies. Radical liberation, equality, and compassion for the weak. Negative Utilitarian ethics about reducing suffering above all else is frequently the implicit ethical decision calculus used by: Communists, Socialists, Liberals, Harm-reduction activists, Intactivists, Feminists, Disability Rights Activists, Humanists, among others. If you are in the role of a bullied individual, your best friend is the one advocating for a more systemically equal and just system. I've never understood where the criticism was for American Universities having a somewhat more "Leftist" culture among social sciences is coming from. Once you learn how to speak the "leftist" language, it's extremely easy to get high grades. Read and understand a Foucault and De Beuvoir work, coast on easy A's through these "grievance" studies courses. I did 1/10th the amount of work for a graduate level gender studies course as I did in a graduate level programming class. I certainly don't like the idea of not knowing the political orientation of a professor before I write an essay (as it is eminently important for my grade, no matter how impartial one pretends to be), and a radical left cannon means that I can write like I'm Marx and get a free pass into the Academy. The people on HN who don't like this simply don't know how to play the game. Lol all you have to do is vote by mail like all other sane States... If that's what you got from reading Plato than it sounds like you read a different Plato from the Plato read by most other Philosophy students The higher you go in the ladder the more likely you are to be talking to a spook I've done personal experiments with merging PageRank and Word Embeddings (trying to make a high quality Extractive Summarizer). Word Embedding techniques and Graph Ranking are a natural fit for each other. That's what I thought with Soylant but here we are... Echo the other commentator. Unsupervised techniques are the only reason NLP works as well as it does. I love this and the previous two posts! This is extremely pertinent to me as I have written my own "semantic search engine" and extractive summarizer using word vectors and it is available here: https://www.nlpsearch.io So far, it's using a 100D glove model (very simple and not all that good compared to BERT et al) for performance reasons and because I'm hosting it for free with AWS A much more fleshed out version of my extractive summarizer with a CLI (supporting all major language models like GPT-2) is also available here: https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 I love reading about how 0x65.dev is dealing with issues I've ran into. Trying to index large numbers of text vectors is a headache for me, and at the moment that I saw this, I was writing code to get the popular approximate nearest neighbors library "Annoy" to work with my research engine. As far as the issues that other HN users noted ("Isn't average pooling not that great?) the answer is "Yeah we know but there's literally nothing better". They authors mentioned using a weighted average of vectors, which I assume is being weighted using tf-idf over the word vectors. I've read several papers which say that doing this is not necessarily better than traditional averaging. I've found some success with concatenating average and max and min pooled vectors together before cosine similarity searches - but it's certainly not a good fix and is much slower for not a lot of gain If anyone is a total nerd about word/document vectors and wants to chat / brainstorm about applying text vectors to search / extractive summarization - please contact me! I'm desperate to work with others on this problem! gedboy2112@gmail.com Can you provide psudocode or code for this? I'd post a snippet of my implementation but I'm too dumb to figure out the format. But wow this is much better for results! Now to figure out how to make it fast! Looks like we need to change site guidelines because edit posts like this are substantive and desirable when people are unfairly downvoting a post Hopefully HN mods will eventually see the error in their ways Taleb most likely sees reality more closely to how it is than almost anyone else on earth. Sorry that him dropping truth bombs on everyone was "insufferable" to you Not to imply that Myanmar is a place where sigint entites should work, but since 2010 the country has dramatically improved and democratized and even has a (mostly) free press Yeah this is a totally wrong take. It's like you haven't seen the advancements in CV or NLP (not involving translations) made capable entirely due to fancy neural network arcitectures Baudrillard is a hack of epic proportions. He's an example of the worst kind of French psudo-intellectualism almost on par with Lacan or Deleuze. Actually, bro the gulf war happened! And most of the book you linked is full of utter nonsense and crankery. His review of JG Ballard's novel "Crash" was the only good chapter in the whole book. Just because it was in the matrix doesn't mean that it described our world accurately at all. It's nothing but fashionable nonsense. This boy crying wolf bullshit of accusing everyone of being a fascist means that when it really happens here no one will believe it. Is our government getting increasingly Authoritarian and Repressive? Yes. Are we anywhere near fascism? Fucking no Stirner, and the rest of the German young hegelians, are far more coherent and interesting than French post modernists. They also don't engage in any type of fashionable nonsense. Stirner also doesn't advocate for his ideas on the basis of anything except self interest. The "dialectical" Frenchies will tell you a far different story about why you should agree with them. Oh boy! The guy who hates jazz! French postmodernism is not the right place to go for epistemology Because state sanctioned sources with an incentive for American discord have used it to subvert the educational system. If you don't believe me, take a look at what a competitive high school or college policy debate looks like today. It's literally 4 kids speed reading (as fast as they can!!! Seriously auctioneers would be proud!) Obscure French post-modernist philosophy. They avoid any discussion that might be about a policy implementation of the topic being debated (it's not strategic to use regular language or arguments anymore due to the judges) As a result, I routinely speak with wealthy 15 year olds who insist on calling themselves "maoists". Don't believe me? Look up "TOC semi final policy round" or "Harvard vs Berkely finals policy debate" on YouTube. anything even kind of like that. There's no way that this happened without the intervention of either spooks or worse, foreign spooks Books like this, or the works of other terrible French scholars, are the bread and butter of this fashionable nonsense Hence why it's called "critical theory". Marxism is what you get when you take "critical thinking" to the extreme. Autoencoders aren't even the best dimensionality reduction technique. Where are UMAP powered "manifold" fakes? There are GPU implementations... It's very easy for an intelligence agency to make it look like this was a Grass Roots movement. I am a member of this community (debate community) and I believe that it was anything but grassroots. Also, the students have to adapt to the judges, not the other way around. I'm sure that judges are more to blame for this than anything else. If this post becomes greyed out than it's obvious that I've hit a nerve It's not courses. It's tournaments. And the people who speak fastest and read the most obscure arguments are the ones who win the most. How do you read Lacan or Deleuze and think those thoughts? "it's about the "mirror stage", except my body without organs didn't reterritorialize enough for me. Such a Westphalian cartography of thought is telelogical and causes Freud's solar anuses to explode from my nose." Is this a Deleuze or Lacan quote? No, but you'd be hard pressed to prove it isn't because you can ctrl-F through any word or phrase I used above and find the exact line where they begin their charade. The worst part about them is that now people think that Freud's bullshit was right. No the Oedipus complex doesn't exist. The additional context of knowing why DnG or Lacan are critiquing Freud doesn't help when you realize that every intellectual link in that chain is bankrupt. Worse yet, they abjectly failed to treat any psychiatric patients and themselves literally went crazy. Deleuze killed himself. Althusser killed his wife. All of them hurt future psychiatry with their nonsense. And don't get me started on lacans bullshit math symbols. Better dimensionality reduction techniques are high up there. How do we get better than UMAP? Last I checked, Socialists were the ones who tried extremely hard to get everyone to be physically active. It was the Machismo Cuban Revolutionary who fought and won against decadent bourgeois ideology. Not the Sedentary Cuban Revolutionary... Sigh Why do people here like Deleuze and Guattari? They're intellectual charlatans of the highest caliber. Yeah! Fasttext has some models in polish which I can convert into the magnitude format for you! File an issue for it and I'll get it done Don't forget Intel! Furthermore, it is rationalism which exists as the first non religious justification of hierarchy. Read Plato. [flagged] The "progress" made is entirely marketing and will have no impact on making quantum computing a reality for individual users. Be careful you'll be downvoted by people who want shareholders to have as many profits as possible while people are dying from a preventable disease Until self driving is possible with purely unsupervised data, self driving cars and other algorithms relying on massive datasets are unlikely to get really strong because label inaccuracies like this are inevitable Also, far worse has been found in large scale datasets. Pretty sure there was CP found somewhere in imagenet Deontology is consequentialism. I think schopenhauer is a bit of a quack but his analysis on why Kant is actually the biggest egoist (and consequentialist of then all) is super on point Kants categorical imparative (the foundation of deontology) redundantly repeats the ancient command: "don't do to another what you don't want done to you." Is egoistic because its universality includes the person who both gives and obeys the command. And it's cold and dead because it is to be followed without love, feeling, or inclination, but merely out of a sense of duty. And the study you posted doesn't refute his anecdote. If we always listened to depersonalized studies rather than using the context of a situation, than we will make extremely poor choices of how to handle bad situations like this The OP gives strong analysis for why giving this family money directly doesn't solve any other structural problems This book is hot garbage. His analysis of real estate (apperently not an asset) is so bad that I cannot imagine that anyone who read this book made money. Even if the author wasn't shady I'd throw it away Lmfao this is so wrong it's absurd. The categorical imparative is absolutely supposed to be the antithesis of consequentialism. It is an implementation of deontology. Deontology comes about as an attempt to escape consequentialism The fact that it breaks down back into consequentialism is as a result of deontology being not actually different from consequentialism Al Jazeera is the opposite of reputable journalism. Just look into their ties with the government's of the oil producing Arab States as well as their support for the OIC They're also responsible for things like extremely biased reporting against Myanmar (no reporting about Ang sang su kyis speech at the genocide tribunal except "she didn't say the word rohinga!"). It's no surprise that there's also a strong campaign by the OIC to slander Myanmar which is running concurrently Honestly the real reason why Americans don't care is that many absolutely, unconsciously or consciously, believe that syrians (and those not from a first world country) are subhuman. I don't see a world without these horrors until Americans can gain an authentic ethic of compassion and can humanize the subaltern others "over there" which is honestly pretty fricken unlikely Anything that is function approximation is AI. This includes decision trees have you ever heard of the "Take care" clause? Writing a 5-6 page paper in middle school never taught anyone anything, but it did take away time that could have been used constructively. Is this seriously something that a HN user would write? I'm sure that I could find a single example of a research paper assignment "teaching" a middle schooler something. I bet I could find a million of those examples too. Yes, and if HN ever cracks down on stuff that literally saves people's lives, than maybe it's time for folks to leave and find a better platform... Long term puts (at least 2 weeks out) on the market are the safest investment that you could possibly make. The market recovery today is a dead cat bounce. Mark my words I guarantee you that I will be right about this Us GDP to debt ratio is not dramatically worse compared to where it was 30-50 years ago if you just look at how other countries were during this period Boomers are the ones who tell you to be scared of the debt. Same boomers tell me that gold is the best investment Software engineers are uniquely qualified to analyze supply chains and supply chain problems. In this case, technical analysis looks a whole lot different than the chicken bone divination stuff you see with thinkorswim or other trading platforms... Maybe it can also kill for-profit health care. A person can dream... You could immediately fund the CDC to "absurd" levels, such as by giving them say, 100 billion dollars. I think that would be far more effective than rate cuts which are likely far more "expensive" but won't actually help. Though, I want to see the current CDC leadership out. They should not have silently removed their total tests done. The world needs to see their current incompetence as a lesson. Plus, the Chinese are most likely lying to "save face" It's funny because the post you responded to would be better as a refutation of this post rather than the other way around OP just explained why people (or rather, the upper middle class tech workers) of these two cities for out produce potentially thousands of people. A team of software engineers who can nail software for flipped classrooms will replace thousands of teachers AND improve educational outcomes Now this would be actual capital S Socialism. I'm surprised to see this advocated here Tangentially related: Bernie Sanders should stop calling himself a socialist, partly because he's never actually advocated for nationalizing industries (redistributing the means of production to the "peoples state"), and partly because it's so damn unpopular with the electorate to call yourself one. Even that's far better than status quo USA policy which is to simply not negotiate on drug prices and pay 80% of whatever the bill is. There's a reason why medicare is so bloody expensive... Only a bad bottleneck because proper database techniques aren't being used widely for embeddings yet within ML pipelines See libraries like magnitude for proper embedding lookup implementations Good! Companies which don't allow WFH for their employees in these circumstances should be punished for their greediness and incompetence. Sounds like a good time for capital N nationalization! :) Lmao the current market panic is not short term and is absolutely systemic. Supply chains have ground to a halt . Actually, it's easy to "time the market"... Just buy puts when everyone is panicking. Long term puts right now would be printing money for those kids. They just have to get a nice pair of diamond hands and some late April puts It's happening now. Today is "black monday". I've got broad market puts (SPY) as well as puts on Square which are literally printing me money right now. If puts are consistently making money, than you're likely to be laid off in the next few months. I consider market shorts to be a form of insurance for this reason. If I lose my investment, than it means I keep my job. If my investment moons, than I'm about to lose my job. I just gave him an upvote because that rule is stupid and should be changed. No, you SHOULD call people out for this BS My entire reason for investing heavily in the market right now is that if the economy collapses, I can use my earnings from puts to literally bribe doctors for an ICU bed. Cus without that, I just won't get an ICU bed and may actually die You know that China is most likely lying about their infection numbers. They have to "save face" and all that. I don't know which is worse, not testing, or actively lying. Only company that was up on the first day of market panic so the puts were super cheap. Ended up printing me money today though :) Just switched to TDAmeritrade as a result of this crap. That's because not aggressively testing is exactly what led to this PANDEMIC. Than why do I keep getting richer on my puts? Maybe it's because there are actually ways to make money during a crisis... It's a lottery ticket except when an event happens that you know more about than most investors. In this case, investors are dealing with something they know nothing about - Epidemology. When black swans happen, you can EASILY beat the market. We've known that Coronavirus was going to get this bad for months. We know the R0 rate. We know the CFR. Markets completely failed to "price coronavirus in" Sometimes, you really can outperform the market but its only possible in situations where financial policy and monetary policy are unable to help. I see that supply chains are grinding to a halt and I know that this means the whole economy is going to be in pain. But it's okay, keep on thinking that it's all like the lottery and see where you are in 6 months. You'll wish you were shorting the market. I invest in things that print money during a market collapse. Sure, you can argue that the USD will become worthless, but every country is being hit by this and if all currency is worthless than the best currency out of the lot is worth it. I don't think it's apocalypse levels where money stops mattering and it's only about material goods. I'm gonna be enjoying my Yacht in two years when a vaccine is finally out because the USD will remain strong relative to competitor currencies. Isn't this just bagging and boosting? Your answer doesn't explain to me how it's meaningfully different from boosting and bagging. Boosting finds the "hard" datapoints by figuring out what the early weak learners fail on, and then trains further weak learners by boosting the weights of those "hard" datapoints in the training data. Sounds just like what you described How is the method used by the "military industrial complex" meaningfully different? I put 1000 in, but I could have put on 200$ in. Options are even MORE appropriate for the non super rich, because if you put a small amount of money in, you either win big or you lose it all. I'm fine with losing 200$ occasionally. This is not concern trolling or virtue signalling. What you're doing is closer to both of those words than what the author did. Especially if you read the two sentences that the author writes under that section. It's pretty damn tame. (and that's why I'm pretty sure you didn't based on your response) Unfortunately, the medical field is one place where credentialism is mandated and good for society. I would never let a "self-trained" doctor anywhere near me the way we accept bootcamp developers. Chinese are certainly lying about numbers, and even if they aren't, they can't possibly return to work (which they're also lying about) and simultaneously be containing this bug. At best, even if they're telling the truth about numbers, the moment that they stop lying about economic activity and actually bring workers back to work, than their case numbers will go back up again. "The constitution isn't a suicide pact" is the exact wording used by Lincoln to defend suspending Habeas Corpus during the Civil War. The same exact line was used to defend Kormatsu vs United States (Japanese Internment, which is still fully legal to execute in 2020 per Trump v Hawaii) If shit gets bad, the courts will rubber stamp literally anything done in the name of national security. I fully expect constitutional rights to be thrown out the window temporarily. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Constitution_is_not_a_suic... At no point was the author ever claiming that the US is a disgusting or racist country. At best, the author noted a minor uptick in racist acts as a result of corona, which is objectively true. You are projecting your concern about a narrative that the author is not contributing to. Maybe those readers who can't filter out the "politically charged information" wouldn't be especially helped by lists like this anyway. Call me a conspiracy theorist, but I believe that either 1. The Chinese will go to great lengths to show evidence that "things are the way we say they are" in much the same way that North Korea does with American tourists. The less likely scenario in my mind 2. is that the claims of the WHO being compromised by China are true. This article doesn't do much for me to dispel those concerns given that it's a prominent WHO doctor who penned your linked article. Maybe I'm totally wrong and China is telling the truth, but that sort of intuition when applied to basically any other part of economic activity with the Chinese is just blatantly wrong (just ask people who work with Chinese suppliers about how crappy their "save face" system is re: trying to get a straight answer about any problems) It's exactly the opposite. Literally all types of science are political. Science tells you how to optimize towards an objective once you've decided on an objective (that's the scientific method). You need the "friend of science", also known as "Philosophy" and it's worldly implementation, "Politics", to decide what your objective is. Politics is the art of running a Polis (a city, or in modern times the state). The question of "what is good for the state" is a political one. If I have no way to evaluate what is objective, than how do I know that I'm closer to objectivity? At the point that we conclude "there isn't a single objective thing in the whole universe" we have no reason to believe that the appearance of getting closer to objectivity actually correlates with getting closer to objectivity. It's entirely possible that "objective" or a global optimum solution is extremely "close" to a solution which appears to be extremely suboptimal. Science finding what appears to be good local solutions using rationality is the same as finding "lottery tickets" in a state space for a problem. This is why global optimization methods like Simulated Annealing or Genetic Algorithms rely so heavily in efficient exploration of a state space, and why they can easily solve adversarial reinforcement learning problems that backprop techniques (get "global solution" by moving closer to locally better solutions) fail at (the cart hill climbing problem being the classic one) I'm willing to believe that there are local "solutions" which appear to get better solutions to a problem than random, but I have no reason to believe that my solutions which appear better correspond to actually better solutions (I may have failed at evaluating the correct measure of "good") , or even that by moving towards the appearance of a better solution that it gets me closer to the global solution (which is why backprop fails on cart hill climbing) tl;dr the post modernists are right on this one and science needs to immediately dispel it's platonic rationalist roots because it's basically just applying backprop (Plato would call it the "dialectic") to a philosophical problem and hoping that human thoughts gets us closer to truth because it appears rational to us. Yeah, actually, you should put the astrik on all science that says "may not actually correspond to truth because we don't know what truth is" Why do we give Descartes credit with his skepticism when he couldn't even be skeptical of his own conclusion, Cogito Ergo Sum. How do I know that I am thinking? I need something better for an ontological proof than "just assume it bro cus it appears to you" I think that people assuming that the appearance of their thinking = thinking is one of the worst philosophical mistakes that one can make. You quote Plato with the allegory of the cave. That allegory is him patting himself (and all other "Philosophers") on the back being like "well, if you use dialectics which involves a back and forth between smart people for the purpose of finding truth, than those who have been more rational and dialectical are objectively more fit to rule because the see reality for what it is". This is notably the first written, non-religious justification of authority and hierarchy on the grounds that "the stupid farmers should not rule because they are stupid and don't see reality for what it is" Why should I assume that the appearance of rationality describes reality? Why should I assume that the laws of thought correspond to the material world? I'm tired of listening to folks tell me that we can metaphysical prove Aristotle's the physical existence of the laws of logic (law of identity, law of excluded middle, law of double negation elimination) when it's so bloody easy to find counterexamples. Here's an easy one: "This sentence is false" Irrelevant, stupid, ignorant, wrong about history, unfounded, fallacious, deceitful I will not post 3 times. Do not expect a further reply Haha damn bro you literally made your account because my account of politics pissed you off so much. I struck a cord! Well at least the leader of the remaining Free world is willing to tell the truth to her people... I'm surprised that the comment like this even had to be posted. That's exactly why you do it Please explain to me specifically what about this comment, or my previous comments breaks site guidelines? Part of it is that C++ is poorly taught in most universities. Even if you do get an education in C++, try using any of the modern features like smart pointers on your homework. Your teacher most likely will give you a poor grade. Holy crap that is really really bad Uhh, they could have permanently banned wet markets. Every epidemiologist knew that something like this pandemic was eventually inevitable China absolutely could have prevented this but there wasn't a desire to do so because CCP officials like to eat bats sometimes too Laughable? The US does some pretty bad shit but the Chinese treatment of it's millions of ungyrs and confirmed organ harvesting of prisoners outweighs all the domestic bad shit that the US has ever done Source on this please? You're right that it likely wasn't bats but scientists think it may have been in snakes or Pangolins https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-51496830 But there seems to be a consensus that this bug started in their wetmarket. I don't care if it was consumption of the animal or from fecal matter. Wetmarkets should be permanently banned. Wealthy CCP cadre members didn't want to do this and it cost the world big time Also, racism? When did I bring that up? You're almost right except that the damage to the stock market overwhelmingly impacts boomers who are trying to retire, not the young who hold nothing but cash Crippling the global economy hurts old people worse than it hurts the young because the young are far more resilliant to disruption in their daily lives. It helps that they have a population which was all about wearing masks BEFORE this ever happened. I was saying these things in other threads and getting downvoted. Puts are basically insurance against shit hitting the fan. Thank you options and r/wsb Some of us only entered the markets now (puts) because they hedged that they know more about epidemology than investors did. I don't think I can beat wall street except when wall street doesn't know how to respond. Prisoners who are either in for 10 years+ or are put into solitary confinement should be given a voluntary euthanasia option. If Chelsea Manning sincerely believes that she will not be freed, and wants to end her own life on her terms, let her. This objectively reduces harms. You cannot sincerely tell me that people who wanted to end their suffering in the face of extreme torture or solitary confinement are "mentally ill" or acting irrationally. hahahahahaha you're going to eat your words when this is all over Coronavirus might not get it down by 90% but 50% is certainly possible. Not for something this big, and for something that won't go away for 18 months MINIMUM I keep having to make the same post again and again China's almost certainly faking their numbers. We know they fake every other number related to economics - so why would they tell the truth about coronavirus? This is what a "save face" culture does to you. It turns you into a serial liar That's why Socrates tells you that you become valid to run society when you become dialectically educated enough, and that the unwashed masses do not see reality for how it is as a result of a lack of dialectical education and therefore should not rule. Sounds pretty much like authoritarian rationalism to me. I'd like a pass on platonic republicanism but unfortunately it's found within all forms of Western philosophy these days Hey! That's my GitHub name! I'm down to work on this project for a bit to make it better if you'd like. All you gotta do is buy puts and you'll be able to ride a yacht in a few years when this is all over. They may end up doing that to prevent a collapse. They also ban short selling sometimes even if the stock market is kept open. It literally doesn't matter what the courts say. "The Constitution is not a Suicide Pact". Lincoln got away with throwing out Habeas corpus during the Civil War. California will get away with this on the grounds of an unprecedented national emergency. I don't see any evidence of anthropomorphizing the economy or dehumanizing the individual here in the comment you are replying to. Maybe you need to reread what you commented on It's most likely CPC brigading. The only group on earth who sees anti-CPC rehtoric as being synonymous with racism against the chinease are the CPC themselves. It's like when someone calls you an anti-semite for supporting BDS movements. I just assume they're isreali Nationals or shills when they say that crap. It's all dog whistling because the alternative is that evil organizations would have to admit that they do bad things. I didn't expect to actually need those FDIC protections to guarantee that I'd be able to withdrw money but here we are... It's been done before. Check out "cooperative coevolution" Ding ding ding we have a winner! Why anyone would go to gold during a societal collapse I will never know. The absolute basic necessities of survival will always be the best investments in times of crisis (right now). Don't believe me? I bet many Americans will see bankruns and possible inflation as a result of our current crisis. Money and other non material assets will become less useful. Hopefully the FDIC will save our asses but if you have more than 250K than good luck if you choose the wrong bank. That's assuming money is still worth something But rice, beans, guns and water will always be useful The only truth available is that there are no other truths. We have exactly one truth available to us. (This is a form of epistemological monism.) Ironically, It's Plato (through Socrates) who says "I know that I know nothing" but it should be fixed to say "I know that I know nothing else" "the truth that there are no truths is a truth" is a cop out. It can easily be resolved and the statement "I know that I know nothing else" is coherent Hahahah it's like people just ignored all the awesome philosophy from radical skeptics. Max Stirner, the most radical skeptic of them all, is without a doubt a more interesting philosopher than many others one is forced to read. Moreover, contrary to the claim made by the OP - he expects the reader to have read philosophy from other authors. A radical skeptic like Stirner loves Kant and Hume. Maybe it's because Kant shows that the "thing-in-itself" is unknowable even if it exists and Hume shows us that empirical observation is basically all we have for trying to work with the world. Both show that no one in science has found anything resembling truth They haven't done it permanently yet though Edit: For the downvoters, here's evidence of a TEMPORARY ban https://www.businessinsider.com/wuhan-coronavirus-chinese-we... Please refute me with evidence of a permanent ban. Otherwise, you're being counter productive Nope, the law of identity is incoherent and doesn't exist in physical reality. I'm extremely frustrated that Western Philosophy has reasoned about this extremely poorly and the assumptions made from antiquity seem to continue to be unquestioned. The Cogito, or other ontological foundations of existence which rely on appearances are completely wrong. "I think therefor I am?" How do you know that you are thinking? How do you know that appearances of thinking are actually in existence? It's possible that you did not think! and that what you believe to be existence is not existence at all. At best, you can say "it appears to me that I think therefor it appears that I exist". You cannot just escape radical doubt because of appearances. Also, the no-cloning (and the other no-go) theorems and bells theorem (no determinism) seem to imply that Quantum Theory has concluded that the law of identity doesn't hold up in reality. Objects are NOT equal to themselves. We do not know that a fundamental minimal quantized unit of time exists, meaning that we cannot say that "an object is equal to itself at a particular time". If we accept the Kantian thesis that time and space are the "vessel" or "canvas" of reality, than it's not possible to confirm that an object exists in the same point in time, and the same point of space with itself without a fundamental minimal quantized unit to measure those in. You should instead conclude that the metaphysical constitution of objects is ultimately in-determinant The law of in-determinancy would say that "objects can be infinitesimally close to identical with themselves" A =/= A. The left-side A exists in a different point in time and space as the right-side A. You cannot even think of these in your own mind at the same time, in the same part of your "mind-space". There is no verifiable measure of the "present" so we cannot constitute an object in exactly one point of time and space at a particular "moment" All of what I've just said is basically a more modern version of Nietzsche's revulsion to the exact same "A = A" crap that was being thrown around in his own time. tl;dr you don't know that you exist citations: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell%27s_theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-cloning_theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-broadcast_theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-deleting_theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-communication_theorem On the job experience about which ML algorithm is more useful for a task is certainly helpful. But, knowing how to implement "X from scratch" gives you far more useful information about how and why a particular algorithm is suitable for a certain task. We should encourage people to reimplement algorithms from scratch (for fun, not production usage) so that they understand how the sausage is made. Also, SVMs support a whole lot of different loss functions. I suspect that a properly tuned SVM will do better than a properly tuned logistic regression. In another world, I didn't go into CS and instead became an attorney who specialized in exactly that. Police brutality is everywhere It's one of the main things that kept me interested in the legal system. Yup. Suck it up buttercup because the alternative is a horrific and painful death for you, or your loved ones. I always tell people this who want "only high IQ" people to run society. "Oh, you want the people at Mensa to run your society?" You think that greed is ending due to this? It's exactly the opposite. Never let a good crisis go to waste. Load up on shorts and puts and enjoy the yacht you'll be riding on when this is all over Uhh, show me evidence that China's official numbers and South Korea have r0 above 1 please. It looks like it's finally under 1 right now... Not with over 1 billion people and the western world on its knees. If anything, their going to progress far faster than anyone else once this is over. Chinese Americans objectively have better SAT and ACT scores (so much so that they get screwed by affirmative action policies) Maybe Chinese themselves aren't "more capable" but the Chinese elite who can get to America and likely the Chinese elite who stay in China are certainly "more capable" They have a collectivist culture with "tiger parents" who force kids to study far harder than the average throughout the non Asian world. Sometimes, stereotypes are simply true. The only reason the civil servants do dumb stuff like you describe is the CCP. If you removed literal communism and the orwellian society, they will beat us long term. Imagine that the government of Taiwan ran modern China. It would be unstoppable... Nope. The dollar is so strong that other countries are trying really hard to get as much USD as possible. This means that liquidity is drying up and there is a shortage of dollars world-wide. This is deflationary right until we see the banking sector collapse. You're totally right about repo and massive amounts of loans, but the impact of other countries trying to get USD outweighs this - at least in the short term. Checkout currency trading right now - the USD is surging compared to every other world currency. That's because demand for USD is extremely high world wide. If you don't do what China or South Korea did, we're not "going to be fine". The US handling of this is extremely poor. One shouldn't give the people false hope. Literally "just the flu bro" No one should be downvoting such a high quality and well researched post. Hacker news truly embarrasses me sometimes Show me evidence that the mask shortage and the ventilator shortage will be resolved at any point in this pandemic please. Only known case of a helicopter killing a jet in that war iirc! That's why we had tactical nukes ready to go to try to counter that threat https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fulda_Gap Not that hard to nuke the passage that they'd be forced to take for a land invasion. That was NATO planning in the 60s and 70s Buy puts and shorts and instead of fear and panic you'll have the opposite problem: You'll watch shit burn and be "happy" about it.