They should spend one hour to have HTTPS on their front-page though. Good luck explaining to the average Tesla driver that his cars did pollute a lot. I tried to explain once that the "zero emission" label on the Nissan Leaf is misleading because building a car makes emissions. I do think electric car are a good solution where developing public transports would have a higher (environmental) cost, but building cars pollutes. That's your opinion but anyway a Leaf will still emit when it's moving. Indirectly with the production of the energy, which can be very low in countries such as France or Norway, and directly with brakes dust even though the electric regen reduces that a lot, and particles from the tires. The "zero emission" label is on the back on the car, maybe they should use something else for their marketing. You are right and I totally agree with you. I do have an electric car and I would never buy anything not electric anymore as long as I can afford it. I just want to point out that buying a new car is not saving the planet, and you are not neutral when you drive an electric car. It's much better than anything else so far though. Better than hydrogen too. About the hybrids, I personally think the same than Carlos Tavares, president of PSA, who said to the French government that hybrids are only a temporary solution because two motors systems is one too many for cost reasons, when batteries will become cheaper. The Model S and Model X are aluminum so the rust isn't a big problem. Parts availability perhaps more. We will see how the cheaper Tesla in steel like the Model 3 will do over time but if they hold well, they may be a good cheap car in 10 years or more. In Norway, where the number of Tesla per habita is very high, the average car age is about 10 years. Also, it's likely that the batteries will get a second life as home energy storage when no one would want to keep the car running anymore. It's a very interesting article. I'm also impressed by such dedication. Hashing the strings from the decompiled APK to easily debug the protocol in Wireshark is inspiring. On the topic of using a BMW with you phone without being frustrated, some people put a third-party box between the screen and the car infotainment computer to get Android Auto. I heard the experience isn't perfect. Personnally I use Google Assistant and I think it works relatively well. I can use it to get directions, make the sound of random animals, change radio, play music on Spotify... To trigger it, you can long press the voice command button on the steering wheel. Look at the health-care situation in Europe. It would be interesting to have an independent study of the system, perhaps qualitative. Reading the other comments, not everyone is convinced by the idea and having scientific data may help. If the data hurts, that's life. This looks slightly better. It's also a bit more in the uncanny valley in my humble opinion. No way this is GDPR compliant. They used to have a great reputation in France about 20 to 15 years ago. It went downhill since, the company got sold and they started to sell expensive and slow cloud services, a bit like Amazon with less success. Ethnicity. Depending on how the electricity is produced in your area and whether you use the heat for home heating, it may be better for the climate to simply turn these computer off. SuperTux and Gnome Mines! I don't get it either. A touchscreen is very nice to have on a laptop. You may not use it everyday, but it's very convenient especially to develop touch applications. Thankfully, Lenovo and Huawei have good offers. Many EVs have a good enough range and more than good enough performances. Sure a ipace or etron don't drive as far as a equivalent Tesla, but sometimes you don't need that. Also, we are many to love the i3 look. It's a matter of tastes. I understand you well. However, it's a lot simpler when you can't afford or justify buying the fancy car. I bought an used electric car with a tiny range to commute and every time I did long trips with it I wished I got a Tesla with a five times bigger battery. But then I think about it, I do not regret not spending the money on a Model S, renting a long range car a few times a year, and buying a bigger flat with the money I saved. For French speakers, France Inter has a great playlist without ads when they are on strike. When it's not the strike season or if you have more precise tastes, FIP is nice too. You don't get rich by saving at maximum a few hundred euros/dollars per month. It depends on the seller. Aliexpress will do something if you can't find an agreement with the seller after many days. Some sellers are just stupid. You want to work for companies that use this service? The French butchers also have something a bit different : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louch%C3%A9bem I wonder whether Google Maps takes into account the various ways of transportation, such as bicycles, public transports, or electric cars driving on the bus lines. With many of these online services, you aren't paying for the hosting costs but for the services. The http server died too. >…a simple command like: > git convert-repo --to-hash=sha-256 --frobnicate-blobs --climb-subtrees --liability-waiver=none --use-shovels --carbon-offsets Is it sarcasm ? I may be wrong but I think it's too risky to put so much value into crypto currencies before we have a proof that P≠NP. I also hope that P=NP. Can you start a ICE vehicle remotely? I thought it was mostly a EV thing, some people have aftermarket kits. I don't know what my partner will think about my mental health if I sing the happy birthday song twice every time I wash my hands. I try to run `npm-check -u` at least once a week. It takes some time when a dependency has a breaking change or a project that I don't trust to respect semantic versioning is updated and I have to check its git diff, but in practice my projects have up to date dependencies without much efforts. This has improved so much since the last time I checked it. It's interesting to see so high quality on image generation using neural networks, while text generation using gpt2, which seems a lot easier at first, is glorified nonsense. It really depends. Some people want good gaming performances, an easy to upgrade or fix laptop, or simply a touch screen. It's not about the amount, it's about sending a message. It's in the news, it's a lot more expensive for Apple. For the record, the name of the place "Contamines-Montjoie" can mean "Contaminated-JoyMountain" in French. I don't know for your country but in France we are asked to call and to not go to the doctor or the hospital. One doctor got contaminated by a patient. I don't know if McDonald's food is that expensive. I would expect that most of the costs are the employees, the building, and the equipment. Why trying to become rich? Once you have enough money to have a great quality of life without stress, having more money isn't improving much your happiness. Sometimes it makes it worse. However trying to become rich can be very difficult, tiresome, and disappointing. True. I guess "rich" because you can pay your family bills and have the hobbies you love and "rich" in "rich and famous" don't mean the same kind of wealth. No, a normal job is enough to be happy in most societies in my humble opinion. Sure being rich is nice, you can do more things than most people. My point is that you will probably never be rich. The concept of rich people is to be more healthy than most people. So you should probably not have a shitty lifestyle because you want to be one of them but you aren't succedding. If you enjoy trying, good for you. Ambition and creativity is different than wanting to be rich. A researcher usually does not care about money but would love the frontpage of Nature or a Nobel price. A musician is usually more thinking about its art and the people than the sales. A politician wants power. Lots of examples. Saving the world and making the society better with a lot of money is good, but thankfully rich people are not the only solution. You have unemployment and more than enough time to find a new job. And let's say you don't find one, the state will still give you enough money for you to survive. Maybe you will have to reduce your lifestyle and be unhappy for some time but there is no need to seek to be rich just to prevent an unlikely future. The spouse can work, we are not in the 1960s anymore. But even if she does not work, you can have a happy life in many Europeans countries. It's true, I haven't experienced a recession. I rather take the risk of having a hard time during a recession than having a hard time my whole life though. Why a SUV though? They have a tendency to flip more easily. It's definitely better than the original using Markov chains. It fits very well this use case, and in my opinion only this use case. GPT2 is still very random and quite stupid. You start it with your love for your girlfriend as a context, she becomes a cam girl into hard core anal two paragraphs later. You start with religion, "Muslims must be exterminated". You start with software and you get a description of non existent hardware with instructions about how to setup a VPN in the middle. You start with news, and you can read than China supports the Islamic state. That's cool because it has more context than Markov chains which usually have only 3 words of context, but it's still a long way to go before I trust anything generated by this kind of algorithm. Sorry I didn't think one could interpret it like this, this was inappropriate indeed. I edited. Time to replace the battery? Bookmyname is pretty low level and it looks like nothing has been updated for 20 years but it's cheap, and it works https://www.bookmyname.com/?wl=en The Peugeot 1007 or the Renault Avantime did explore the two doors minivans concept, without much success. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peugeot_1007 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renault_Avantime You can probably ask the dealer to weld the trunk if you insist. Microsoft Teams, it's not very good but it's well integrated inside the Microsoft environment. If you need a bodyguard when you buy a new computer, perhaps it's a sign that you are spending a bit too much money on it. It's not very GDPR compliant either. The alternative is to spend less, to share resources between employees, or to rent. You can rent a much more powerful rendering farm in the cloud for less money than a full option Mac pro. Video encoding can be done in good quality and good time on a 200€ smartphone. If you push the settings to the max, you still don't need a 50k€ computer... And for software builds, just take a coffee break whenever you feel like rebuilding everything on your local machine. The company should have build servers too. Signal isn't on F-Droid, which is a red flag IMHO. It looks like they don't allow non official builds on their servers. It's a good filter, you only get the people who spent too much time on bullshit for free. They can make very good workers. It's just pushing the problem. Now you need to trust the VPN. I don't feel bad for the game developer. Its business model is to publish simple classic games, but with ads. The ad-supported version can be a disaster for your privacy though. 2500 miles ≈ 4000 km. Guys, switch to metric units already. Thank you. The rest of the world. I think you can do setTimeout(resolve, ms) to have one fewer function. However it's important to note that recovering the first stage makes sense only if it's successful enough times. Because it reduces the payload and it's more expensive as a single use. Was Python faster than javascript a long time ago? I'm not super old and javascript has always been way faster in my mind, but it's fine. Python has many great libraries for doing heavy computations very quickly. Javascript is quite neat today. I play a lot with map/reduce and async/await and it's great. The Mac mini is terribly overpriced. If you are going to replace your laptop by a desktop computer, get a descent GPU. That's nice. [flagged] As an user, I usually dislike these walk-through when they are forced to me and I try to finish them as fast as possible. I think a good user interface shouldn't need them by default. In addition to some data from websites which do not use Google analytics, they may like to have the power of pushing the "comic sans ms" font or having a * { display: none !important;} for non chrome browsers. It's cool, I have no use for it but it's cool. A 2 hours lunch break is the standard in France. You can definitely fire people in France. I don't know how you got the idea you can't. Also quality of life is perhaps more important than these numbers. People don't care about the GDP growth, don't want to have artifical employment with terrible and badly paid jobs (looking at you Germany), and prefer to eat good food for 2 hours. Something like "wow, software development will improve so much! You will make a web browser in a double-click." One of the most annoying thing with this extension is that it maintain a different revert history that is conflicting with the normal one. Sometimes you just have to close a file without saving it because undo/redo is broken. And it's extremely slow on medium to large files and it gets slower and slower until you restart vscode. I have a love hate relationship with this extension. It's terrible but vscode without it feels worse to me. Sometimes I wish I didn't met vi in my life. While some ads are just links, candy crush is actually installed and being updated regularly even though most people will never ever start it. I have a recent computer with enough ram and the feeling of electrons apps on GNU/Linux and Windows is quite good. I'm not sure the majority of people do notice a difference anymore. For sure if you run electrons apps on a old potato pc with less performances than a new smartphone it's not ideal but I feel like most companies don't really target users in this situation. Yes, we should wash our phones too. It's very simple when the phone is waterproof. I was considering to use ElasticSearch to replace my CouchDB indexes that are way too slow, memory hungry, and not optimized. But I read somewhere, can't remember the source, that ElasticSearch doesn't offer any guarantee that all your data will (eventually) be saved or returned when queried. Is that the case? Thanks for your clarification. Not using it as a primary database is fine and I understand that it's not designed for that. But I need to trust the results when I query it. Is it designed for fuzzy searches on many documents when missing one or two documents has no consequences or can I trust that I will always retrieve all documents that should match my query ? Can't you preload the content you want to watch on Netflix and similar? Thanks again. Distributed systems are difficults. I think I should have gone with a old school PostgreSQL. I think the comparison with an electric car is to illustrate that this cloud solution is a waste of energy. I don't think a Google recruiter will ever contact me, but if one does I will remember to politely decline the offer and not waste my time. I would never dare to suggest writing a new database in a professional context, even less during an interview. Probably as a joke at the coffee machine because it's ridiculous but otherwise no. It's so many distributed databases around there, no one is better than one good PostgreSQL for the majority of uses cases. Google has good in-house database software that fit their requirements. I wouldn't say that I can do better in an interview. That's true. We don't know how was the interview, perhaps it was about implementing a distributed database from scratch, perhaps it was about storing as many personal data as you can. Is there a market about collecting and selling IoT data like this ? If we don't think about why one would need such a solution will this blockchain will ever have enough participants to ensure its stability? Well, it can be quite a lot of data for many network devices and then you may have outdated replication. The current system using a cache works relatively well until you want privacy. These IoT stacks like AWS greengrass (yes the marketing department smoked that day) or Azure IoT hub are missing something fundamental in my opinion : device management. It would be nice if they could do stuff such as updating the Linux distribution. Actually it sounds like it does. In our case we decided to use Ansible. And once you can use Ansible, you don't really need these IoT platforms. I stopped reading at "socialist utopia Bernie Sanders is selling". It's too much for my poor European point of view, using my capitalist Chinese phone to read your comment and write my answer. Does MongoDB have multi master replication or the classic election of one master from a pool of candidates ? CouchDB has another pattern, each master is really a master and you can have live replication but also offline replication. You can connect two clusters every new moon and they will synchronize. For sure the clients may have to deal with potential conflicts but in practice it's very neat and that's what makes couchdb worth it if you need this feature. What did happen to Germany? Are you thinking about the national socialism from the Nazi party? If you don't live in USA, why are you bringing their politics in the debate? You didn't listen well in the history class, am I wrong ? This is seems like a good idea but it's way too dangerous. I use rotate-backups with temporary files and your script is an interesting alternative. https://pypi.org/project/rotate-backups/ You don't remember the iPhones slowing down to protect their old batteries? You ask a sample. The website is working well on mobile, which makes me wonder if GTK has plans to support Android and iOS. It would be nice. GTK has been multi-platform for a while. It's important to find a compromise. The simplest system at my work would be something like a php/mysql backend hosted on a old fashion shared server using ftp. Good luck attracting good developers with that. We use something over engineered but we have fun. The customers don't care but we do. I don't miss the child windows. It was so confusing. Material design isn't flat and monochrome. I don't know about your phone but mine which is not new has 6gb of ram and the latest Samsung s20 flagship has 12gb of ram. In comparison to the total ram, it's much better nowadays. Why sending to the recycling centre perfectly fine products ? It's a terrible title for people who can't stop thinking about bad things, such as suicide or smoking as mentioned by other in this thread. It's a bit confusing to me. You changed the body part in the middle. I am sure some developers are very good at their job but the average developer like me write more bugs and security issues than a popular and maintained dependency can have. Moreover, it's getting quite easy to maintain dependencies today. I can think about packages lock files, Docker containers, semantic versionning, or even Github sending me alerts and pull requests when a security vulnerability happens. I prefer to add a good dependency and having to deal with it rather than writing broken code and fixing it later. Of course I'm not talking about a 5 lines dependency, but real features. The battery is heavy but the powertrain is much lighter. You can make light electric vehicles, look at the i3 for example. He is comparing the society in USA where many people work hard for very few rich people which in return offer charity to feudal societies. I rather apply to Google and get rejected, for the experience, than even considering AMP. The DVD player was a very good advantage of the PS2. They could have waited a few months for the winter and tested it on the snow. Don't you know it's not good to be racist? That it's bad? That we shouldn't discriminate racially, it's bad. Judging people on their religion is bad. It's bad to judge people by their skin color, their social background, or their nationality. I tried to quote a classic French movie but the comedy may have been lost in translation. Anyway, if you don't want to sound racist, you can say ethnicity or ethnic group. Using the word "race" is deprecated. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_(human_categorization) Sometimes I forget that France isn't winning culturally. Yes some part of the world still use this term, like some still use body parts to measure lengths, but we should not continue to be racist because of them. You can read the Wikipedia article, there is no good point of using race in science today. People who use the concept of races, by using the concept of races. But it's cultural differences I guess, races and racism is bad in my culture, see the movie quote that is making fun of that, and it seems like in yours races and racism do not seem obviously related. I will not try to convince you, you got my point of view. If you write an international scientific paper, please don't use races, thank you very much. We disagree but that's okay. La classe américaine. http://cyclim.se/ This is the dumbest tweet I read today. Is she forced to wear high heels at work or she simply likes it? > A global one-million-euro challenge competition to answer the question: How can we decarbonise the heating of Helsinki, using as little biomass as possible? Use renewable energy or nuclear energy. Where do I get my money ? Yes the EPR design is a disaster that may end the French civilian nuclear industry. Renewable energies are very competitive nowadays, and once we have good energy storage solutions at scale, I don't see why anyone would buy a new nuclear reactor. When BMW designed the i3 about 10 years ago, one couldn't make a 3 class sedan with > 560 km at a reasonable price. So instead they took their low fuel consumption city car concept with a futuristic look and made it electric. They never planned to sell it a lot, it's a carbon fiber body on an aluminium frame with a rear-wheel engine block. It's not designed to be mass produced at a cheap cost, it's designed to make money from low numbers as a premium EV. They should have made more electric models since, but their different CEOs that succeeded were only looking at the current numbers. Hopefully for them, they will catch up. Many people dislike the look of the i3 but that's just a matter of tastes. Personally I think the tesla model S and model 3 are very boring looking cars. They look okay, but I much prefer the i3. In current cars models, The Renault Zoé looks very normal, the Volswagen Golf is a Golf, the Peugeot 208 looks exactly the same as a BEV or ICE, the Jaguar I-Pace looks like a ICE car too, the Audi Etron cannot look more normal, same for the Mercedes EQC. It just breaks 9/10 non-news websites that don't have readability problems. After reading your comment, I did consider to implement that in my codebase and then I remembered that I have so few servers that it would not matter. Even if my company has to scale up to 99% of the market. Perhaps one day unsafe programming languages will be forbidden to use. I'm quite sure the performance hit will be fine in a few decades. The government gives food to the people. Without any money involved. You don't think we will have budget for a few safety checks? > "We don't make pure electric cars because for the time being, we think they're too heavy, and they don't make a cool sound. And as long as we can be CO2 neutral and frugal and clean comparatively, we will push the combustion engine." I read that as "we don't give a fuck about emissions because we like vroom vroom and we plant a few trees to not feel bad about it". I agree about the weight problem of large lithium batteries, and light hydrogen fuel cells may not deliver enough pick power, so I don't have a good solution for hyper cars. I just think that ICE engines shouldn't be in cars ASAP. It's ok to improve ICE engines. I'm sure some people continue to improve horse drawn carriages. Thankfully we don't have our cities full of horse poop anymore. It's still good to be light on low speed corners. At high speed the aerodynamic down force is much greater. I think they just want to have a super fast car for a few people, and to do so you need to pollute with an ICE engine. I'm sorry that you assume that I feel morally superior. I don't. You can enjoy your ICE sport car, it's okay. I think the human cost of gaz is underestimated. Between the wars, the pollution, the destruction of nature, it's not great. True some cobalt mines are a shame, some are even using children. I don't think any car manufacturer wants to be associated with that, so they try to use providers from "ok" mines. The range isn't really a problem for new electric cars and the weight will hopefully go down. Personally I think that the hybrids I can afford drive like shit compared to the fully electric cars I can afford. I think a main reason why people in Europe don't buy the huge American pickup trucks to commute is because of that. They know everyone will joke about their penis size all the time, forever. You never drive to a city ? Why taking away lands from the nature or the food production to produce ethanol so people can enjoy ICE engine sounds ? Just use the fake engine sounds on the speakers (yes it's a thing). You are a bit pedantic. Yes, and these trucks use way too much gaz for European standards. It could be for a example a 4gb SD card formatted as 32gb. Which is fine if you only use 300mb like he did. I'm quite sure I see Google products and services on top of Google search. Still no touchscreen. Not really, the operating system is not very advanced. I have used react and vue and I prefer vue. React is fine but it has a few issues such as having to write className instead of class in the html templates (yes I know why). It's not a big difference between all these new frameworks though, and it will be a huge improvement over html generated from PHP with some jQuery. Isn't it automatic? If the network speed is slow, Netflix will switch to a lower bandwidth video stream. It's a bit better on Android, but far from perfect. And the hardware is not very exciting. People stop very fast when people they know start to get sick and die. The car has a chromium based web browser. The web uses javascript. > It’s unlike any mouse cursor you’ve used before. Ok sounds cool. > The pointer will only appear when you need it. Like a windows pc with a touch screen or any Android device. > The pointer is a little circular dot. Why not, it doesn't seem very precise but it's probably because UIs on iOs are not and shouldn't designed to be used with a precise pointer. > It can change shape based on what it’s pointing at. As they say, nothing new there. > It supports some navigation gestures. Like on a 20 years old Mac indeed. I'm a bit disappointed. Got it, after a second read. Yes I love having to pay Apple to distribute my apps with a manual review at every update, to get them reject updates for reasons such as "you mentioned Android" or "we need an user account to test your app to check whether you write Android anywhere". I do understand why companies such as Uber had different behaviours in their app if the user was inside or close to an Apple building. One new stupid startup idea every day. I feel like JSON is a fair choice these days. More people would dislike some YAML IMHO. It can be super bad because the YouTube video is a slideshow with a mp3, compressed before being uploaded to YouTube, and compressed by YouTube again. When it's an official video, I guess it's only compressed twice and they use high quality masters but still, YouTube isn't hi-fi. Yes, it makes animal sounds, reminds me stuff, control the lights and blinds, and listen to me having sex. Norway also has GDPR. If you rely on your USB hard drive to write zeros when you delete data, you must stop and encrypt your data. True, but you can do both. Well, many people say Google will never catch back Amazon and Microsoft in the cloud market due to their terrible reputation. Any government could clone Twitter if they must. It's not rocket science and Twitter is actually quite open about their architecture and technologies choice. I think it's likely. They may provide sandboxes for development, some kind of WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) or Docker on Mac, and a "Classic" emulator for apps that haven't been recompiled like they did for the transition between Mac os 9 and Mac os X, and from PowerPC to x86. Meanwhile they will continue to limit web apps. Can it run Minecraft? Yes, sadly I think the best GNU/Linux for laptops is Windows 10 with WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux). By far. Yes this sucks. Do you remember the Amazon store integration in Ubuntu? The light isn't really a good solution anyway. "We observed that, on average, fewer than half of our participants (45%) noticed the existing indicator during computer-based tasks. When seated in front of the computer performing a paper-based task, only 5% noticed the indicator." - Somebody's Watching Me?: Assessing the Effectiveness of Webcam Indicator Lights - https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/2702123.2702164 I should move to USA. Reads the news I will stay where I live. I think everyone involved in this project should be ashamed. Energy shouldn't be wasted into bruteforcing sha1 checksums of lists of transactions, a hash of a previous block to have a neat Merkle tree, and random data to find checksums starting with enough zeros. This is so unnecessary when we have global warming and much better things to do with our energy budget. It's all about finding a balance. Some people think we should reduce our energy consumption but still maintain a good quality of life. We could cut the energy consumption of bitcoin to zero and the quality of life of everyone would not change at all. Thankfully Bitcoin isn't the only solution to answer this problem. By the way, the world economy isn't centralized and thankfully doesn't rely on a single database with a shitty and super slow consensus algorithm that destroy the environment, by design. The people living from Bitcoin are so few that they don't really matter. I'm sure many of them would find another well paid occupation shortly after and I wouldn't be sorry for the ones that would have to reduce the costs of their lifestyle. I do think social shaming is very powerful, but it must be used correctly. Shaming Bitcoin professionals is fine in my opinion. It's better to use heat pumps. In my experience in European research, you don't get research funding if you don't work on something relevant or practical to the industry. It's a tricky situation. Note that anyone in a company can be replaced. So you could work your way to have him replaced before he replaces you. Keep proofs of what you are doing, proofs that he cannot edit or remove and that you will still have if you lose your job. Be very polite and professional in your communications, and prefer emails. It's easier to show to others. You can talk to others in the company, especially above him, not only in your group. However be careful about who you talk to and what you say, human resources is usually not on your side. They don't work for you but for the company. So try to be positive and useful for the company and consider that firing you may be the easiest conflict resolution for the company, but that firing the new executive could also be seen as the best solution. But you may want to wait a few weeks before starting the hostilities, and perhaps have some jobs leads just in case. In my opinion, your company will find a good solution that will please everyone. If not, you should find a new company. That's actually true. But life is too short to deal with terrible people many hours a week if you can afford not to. Perhaps the best professional and healthy solution is to find a new job if the conflict isn't resolved in good time. It depends. At work we decided to not support IE11 for a product and all the users understand that they need to use something else than IE. So the breakdown is pretty much 0% for IE. It's another story if you are selling, but if the users must use your application, they will click on the other blue e icon. Then it's unfortunate but we don't support such setup. They can pay if they want us to support IE11 though. If they really insist, they will be quoted a rewrite to another framework, plus more because we will hate to do that. In practice we find solutions, such as installing chrome or using mobile devices. I know it depends on the domain and the country, but companies with outdated desktop pc running only internet explorer are becoming rare. We prefer to refuse one of them than wasting time supporting outdated environments. Note that you can use your smartphone as a wireless webcam. I clicked on the link without much expectations, a broken HTTPS configuration is never a good sign, but I'm actually surprised by the results. It suggests the obvious similar artists, but also some very unknown artists with very few listeners on Spotify, but similar music. The other website https://www.music-map.com/ is also interesting. It appears that I'm not very original in my music tastes. Yes if do not you want to distribute your data with random people over the internet, you need a Merkle tree. Not a stupid blockchain with all the downsides a blockchain have. Yes. Google search is broken. It's simple and great, I like the animations. One small issue: I zoomed out a lot and I never found back my mind map. You may need to implement bounds to the zoom. Personally I would like to be paid to learn such a technology. While it's still very slow, modern Javascript VMs are fast enough for many usages. Ruby is slow, but it could be a lot faster with a lot of time and money. The health sector is large and big. It depends on what you want to do and where. If you are manipulating personal information and patients data, and perhaps storing it, it's very very different whether you are in USA or Germany for example. The local laws and rules are very different. Germany is very strict while USA isn't at all. In my personal experience, security and privacy are very important. The quality of service is also critical too, though the healthcare providers do have backups plans when a service is unavailable. In terms of technologies, it's mostly the same than everywhere else. You can't really expect to have full stack medically certified software, including the kernels, the compilers, the vms... So you usually use the software industry standards and certify your service only. Golang works too. There is a few databases written in Golang, such as Prometheus, InfluxDB, CockroachDB, or tidb. https://github.com/topics/database?l=go&o=desc&s=stars Who is going to maintain all of this in a few months or years when Facebook has moved on? I don't know. I don't think they stopped testing, but their open-source javascript testing framework jest has been unmaintained for a little while. When it's many smaller projects, the workload can be shared and it's easier to replace a dead component. My bad. It feels unmaintained though. This is about USA. Personally I don't see the point of doing unit testing to do unit testing when you actually need integration testing. Mocking external services is a waste of time in my humble opinion. It's super time consuming and you can mock it wrongly or have a different behaviour in you mock. I prefer to use integration tests with sonarqube. 80% is then a good threshold. Are you sure ? Macron's popularity is going up and 96% of the French population approves the containment. https://www.marianne.net/politique/popularite-de-macron-une-... https://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/coronavirus-96-des-francai... La Bastille was destroyed the 14th of July 1789 though. The demolition ended in 1806. https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bastille#D%C3%A9molition_de_la... The SARS-CoV-2 virus did start in China though. To be more specific about why the implementation is bad, it's hardcoded to refresh around every 30ms but not precisely 30ms. As a Frenchman I can recommend light protests, from home. Instead of burning a few wooden pallets and having a BBQ while blocking the company entrance, you guys could perhaps put a firewall rule to drop all incoming traffic to the VPN and having an online video party.