I know this isn't the right place to ask this, but why is there no down arrow for submissions/comments? And why when you upmod something does the arrow disappear! Where's the undo? Here's a work in progress of mine that uses long polling and keep-alives. http://www.zchatter.com It works quite well.. pretty much like having a conventional tcp/ip connection for receives, (interlaced with HTTP traffic), and using a separate series of POST requests to send data to the server. I disagree... users love seeing new features. If they don't work so well, they don't care. Most likely they'll enjoy them and feel privileged they are getting to use them before they are really ready. They'll see the potential. They'll start imagining what it'll be like once it's finished. If it's a cool, innovative feature they haven't seen before, they'll see it as proof you're a cool place to be. Even if half of it doesn't work. Get features out often. Of course make sure they don't break anything else, or reduce the users experience, but users love to see a site evolving and changing with them on board. Could also be an cause and effect mixed up - most websites are designed in an F sort of arrangement, with important stuff at the top, and the left side, and some important stuff half way down. Have they been designed like that because that's how users naturally read stuff, or has it just become the 'norm'. Apart from a failed startup? Seems to be power in general - my MacBook power supply had issues, and apparently it's very common for the casing of the wire to start melting and burning, which is what happened to mine... Quite worrying really. What??!?!?? Explain your workings please. "Can I reformat my iPod and install something else?" Erm yes, of course you can. There's a thriving open source community for iPods replacement O/S and software. Of course. Using the 'standard' firmware on anything is just downright boring. Most firmware uses like 50% of the hardwares capabilities. I'd like some automated rating of video feeds. Write some software to rate how 'interesting' a feed is currently. Start with the easy - is much changing? is there any audio? Then move onto harder things - how many people are viewable in the video. Then maybe you could display the feeds in order of current 'interestingness'. Otherwise trawling through them gets a bit tedious. Is anyone else really really bored with facebook and all the news stories/hype/hyperbole surrounding it? I agree. I'm bored of the over-hyping. Erm since when were 'ajax' or 'html/css' considered programming languages? People are incredibly fickle. Wasn't myspace around this 'hype' status last year? What website will be next year? Probably not facebook. I used to use desktop email. Pain in the neck - what about when you're using a different PC, what about when you're upgrading to a new O/S, what if you're at an internet cafe and just need to find that email... GMail is excellent. Well thought out interface, and it just works. How much money are we talking? I was under the impression that writing facebook apps is not really a way to make money. After all it's not a simple task to incorporate adverts. People on google are looking for stuff. They'll click on ads if it looks like they'll find the stuff. On facebook people aren't looking for stuff. They're looking for interactions..... with other humans.... not with adverts. Sure, if you can build a big app and then sell it to a company that just wants to 'brand' it and get some exposure that's cool, but I'm pretty skeptical you can make a 'surprising amount of money'. Care to share some examples? Agreed. Using jpegs for what are essentially screenshots makes me sad. jpg is for photos. png/gif is for other graphics. The usual is more like 20-30% override for advertising networks. Still a fair chunk of change though. Surely you can share ballpark figures :) easy to test because it doesn't do much... Only works in the preview though, when you view the page normally all the script/style is stripped out looks like. Saying the user registration is good speaks volumes :) No real product or reason to use it, but at least it's easy to sign up! If all you want is a preview functionality, how about Hardly rocketscience is it... jedit 'professor' comes across as a total dick to me. If he thought the valuation was too low, why didn't he say that instead of insulting people and pissing them off. Talking up the complexity just doesn't cut it for me with this. It's a simple little thing. No way are there "500 different things to do". Maybe 500 lines of code :) Why not open source and let hackers on here help ;) Google never spiders everything . I'd be really surprised if google had caught every single story that had been posted here. OR the flip side - a web consultancy that advises countries on how best to learn English ;) Anyone else find the "COOL multimedia buzzcloud" on that page deeply un cool? I want those 3 minutes back I wasted reading this!!! The music was really quite irritating. Aiming was very hard to get right. Gave up. I don't get it personally. What problem does it solve? How is it better than gmail? Why do I need it? Listing "It extracts phone numbers" as a feature seemed to be scraping the barrel a bit to me. Gmail extracts loads of things. Heck it even recognizes parcel tracking numbers and provides a link to track them afaik. Am I right in thinking it plugs into outlook express? eugh eugh and eugh. I forgot to say desktop email is pretty much dead or soon will be. Who uses a desktop email client these days? "I realize that many of you don't use Outlook anymore and have moved on to Gmail or some other better way to do mail." For me that says it all. Maybe it'll be useful in corporate environments that force people to use outlook, but beyond that I'm not so sure it has much of a shelf life. Could always have a downvote, but weight it as far less than an upvote. Personally I miss having the option of a downvote. Yes I agree downvotes can be an uninformed reflex, but removing any voice of disagreement seems overly harsh. I'd say have upvotes that count as 10 points, and downvotes that count as 1 point or something like that. Here is why we need a down arrow. So what happens if something stupid or banal gets voted up to the front page. What if it's something that I don't think is relevant or useful. Should I upvote every other article to express my opinion? :) People who agree with an article/think it's important/useful have an immediate way to express that in a useful way - an upvote. You don't have the same capability if you strongly disagree with an article, see it as unimportant, not relevant, or off-topic. I still think that's a shame. Not gonna happen IMHO. Facebook is about interacting with other people. Not about clicking on adverts. Google on the other hand is about finding stuff, which can sometimes be achieved by clicking on an ad. And make a lot more money ideas are easy. Executing them is harder. Interesting post. Shame there isn't any discussion of advertising revenue though. Users that choose not to pay can still generate a lot of revenue from advertising. Microsoft..... desparate? ah ok sure. Perhaps it's some sort of dating/matchmaking system. I can see that working, although that's a pretty crowded market already. true :) ok, ideas are easy. Ideas that could potentially make a lot of money aren't too hard to come up with. Ideas that could be the next big thing, are also within most peoples grasp. Still think coming up with the idea is maybe 5% of the work. It's almost as bad as people who register what they think is a great domain name and think that's their website pretty much done now. Yeah arithmetic is so hard most calculators have bugs in them... oh wait a second... some of them seem to be hidden at the bottom of the timeline. I can see the very top half of the text, but not the whole lot. (FF+Mac) I like JSON. Easy to read, easy to work with. I agree. My first thought was "Hmm lots of big adverts.. what else is here?". Then I read and realized. I agree... I like facebook for 2 reasons: It lets me find old friends I've lost touch with, and it shows me what they're up to every now and then. The rest of the crap (Feeding virtual fishes, 'poking' each other), they can keep. The whole 'myspace' mentality of 'requesting friend' then adding ad infinitum - I think that's the weirdest thing. People who religiously seek out 'friends' to add etc. When you have hundreds or even thousands of 'friends' they become meaningless. Couple of years and we'll have all pretty much forgotten about facebook IMHO. It'd be a gross miscalculation for them to believe they're the next google. They should take what they can while they have the hype. Odd... Personally I see Mac as gorgeous on screen fonts, and whenever I have to check things in IE on Windows XP the fonts look like some kid knocked them up in paint shop pro on a lazy sunday. Maybe I'm missing something, but I've not seen nice fonts on windows yet. It's funny how much people these days think defrag does. Defrag does ONE thing, and ONE thing only. It speeds up your hard disk access a bit by making sure files are sequential. It's not going to fix all those driver issues windows gets, won't fix the crappy registry, won't remove all those hidden programs that start up automatically making it take 20 minutes to boot. It won't remove all the IE add-on bars that somehow got installed with some other software. It won't remove all the spyware/adware/viruses. Reboot hourly, reinstall O/S daily. Replace computer weekly. Problem is most PCs that come with windows, also come with the manufacturers own selection of 'shady programs', trials, adware, etc etc designed to make them some extra money. My first thought also. I'd like to be able to block pages by keyword also... or just have a 'community driven' approach - have adults install a toolbar say, and have them mark pages that are suitable for kids. I know it's a radical suggestion, but something that works for me is actually spending time with your kids, and 'sharing' the computing experience together - that way you can make sure they stay on safe sites, and you get to teach them stuff/spend time with them. It's kinda fun :) Being evil would be replacing adsense advert blocks with your own publisher code :D I'm sure if not illegal that would be highly evil. Children click on adverts, but do they 'convert' - leads or sales. If they do not, that click revenue is going to diminish quickly as advertisers start to realize. Sure - I agree. But as far as I see it's harder to get 'branding advertising deals', than results based advertising. maybe the missing '/' after http: ? http://finance.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&chdd=1&chd... I'd love some numbers on that: Does 'active users' actually equate to profit? I hear clickthrough rates for advertising on facebook is something like 0.05% If 100,000 users were active, that would equate to 50 clicks on adverts, which is probably going to make enough money to buy a coffee or something. Definitely. There are a few things to bear in mind... 1. Make sure your landing page is relevant to your keywords. If it is not, Google will give it a bad score, and your minimum bid will be raised, and you'll get less traffic. So make sure keywords appear on the landing page as you would for SEO. 2. Make sure your ad-copy is good. You can create loads of differently worded adverts, and Google will work out which one gets the best CTR, and show that one the most. So spend a long time experimenting with different wording. It's sometimes surprising what changing a single word can sometimes make. (If your CTR is too low google will also reduce your quality score, and so increase your minimum bids). If you pick popular keywords you can have traffic coming within about 30 minutes I've found. Spend a while using the keyword tool, and adding your own variations - as many as you can think of. When you start getting traffic on some keywords, expand that avenue - use the keyword tool to find other similar keywords. How many keywords do you have and what sort of sector are we talking here? $5 is quite a lot unless you're doing finance/law etc Have you ever endured MSN adcenter? Yahoo? Google adwords is a dream compared to them. Also the desktop adwords editor is excellent - makes big changes easy to do. http://www.google.com/intl/en/adwordseditor/ Completely depends on the sector though. Some things fly on the content network (adsense), some things die. "when I find a bug in my software" Hrmm... for me, mostly it's a case of finding bugs in IE, and creating work-arounds in my own code. Nothing major here, you can already do this with a hidden iframe if you like. Or another way for sensationalists to moan about being spied upon? Seriously... They already know you searched for "X". What difference does it make if they load some stuff in your browser cache. What extra information does that give them? How is this spying? True, so the top result may know that you searched for them even if you didn't click on them. I'm at a loss to see how they would use that information in a bad way though - all they have is some server logs telling them a person from the IP address a.b.c.d did a search for them, and google suggested the browser prefetch their page. I know it's the principle and a slippery slope and everything, but I'm not sure how an IP is of any use - especially given the number of ISPs that use dynamic pools, or web caches etc 'installs several cookies' eugh please Thanks. Cookies get set. They're data the server asks the client to remember for it. The word 'install' suggests something much more. I'd say because for most people it'll speed up the responsiveness of their browsing experience, and they won't really care if a website sets a cookie or logs their IP address. If you're doing something you don't want to be spied on, anonymous proxies work well. Not sure about the intro, but when I found the secret key combination to skip it..... WOW! All my dreams came true. I shall use this site every day. Wow you must be fun to work with I don't think it's a great argument. Perhaps Apple will beat Nokia in America, but since America is about 5 years behind Europe/Asia in mobile technology it's pretty irrelevant anyway. "If Microsoft and Yahoo want to add Twitter functionality to their communication and publishing tools--which is now a competitive imperative--they can build this functionality themselves, or...buy Twitter. The first option, by the way, has failed miserably in the past. For example, Yahoo's soft-phone VOIP service is nowhere compared to Skype (which is saying something, given that Skype isn't exactly knocking the cover off the ball)." I don't think you can really compare writing a 'twitter like app' with a VOIP service. Rewriting twitter would probably take a day or 2 surely. Why is this interesting? Yeah we're all sinners. Seriously - 'man made global warming' is turning into a cult. It's a very scary movement that is trying to restrict what 3rd world countries can do. Kinda reminds me of the 'year 2000 bug'... "Oh no the worlds computers will blow up!!! You better all spend loads of money on fixing it" "Oh.... nothing much happened... well thank god we spent all that money 'fixing' it." If you have some intelligent argument to make, go ahead. However, it doesn't look like you do. At the moment you look like the person with his fingers in his ears spouting out endless "If X then Y", that you seem to think somehow 'proves your point'. Did you read the article? Read any other scientific articles on the subject? Or are you just a 'believer' Cambridge has a lot of tech companies on it's science park these days. http://www.cambridgesciencepark.co.uk/companies.php MySpace really hurts my eyes and brain. Whoever admits to creating it should be hung. Amazon sells stuff. Google makes money from a fantastic advertising business model. What does facebook do again? No one clicks on adverts on facebook. Just wait until Axe realise their ROI is practically 0. Perhaps they can make it work, I don't know. I do know that when I started seeing adverts in my mini-feed I thought "For god sake it goes downhill now, I don't think I shall be using facebook much longer" 'we can make stupider investments than you'? ;) Just to add: Google made a great business model by placing relevant adverts along side natural search results. People click on them because in some cases, they are what they wanted to find. Facebook advertising 'Axe' in my minifeed (Which is supposed to tell me whats going on with friends etc), is totally wrong. It's like a popup. It's in no way relevant. No one will click on it/care about it, and it'll just drive users away to whatever's next. I don't really see what problem is solves... maybe I don't have such a passion for books. Sounds like unless you want really detailed information on out of print books, what already exists is good enough. Am I missing the killer feature? ie the things that are dying out... In time the O/S will be pretty irrelevant - like desktop software. Aaron Swartz is to ycnews, as xkcd comics are to reddit. Instantly upvoted to top page all the time. It gets boring on both sites IMHO upvote everything else - kinda works(ish)? If they're taking your money, they're going to be helpful ;) But agreed. Far better customer service than microsoft or yahoo. Worrying title, but then you read "We've been made aware that a small number of Web sites attempt to trick Mac OS X users to install malicious software on their Macs," So not a security hole, but a website with a .png of the software update box or something? A larger number of websites/phishing emails try to trick you into entering personal details... just one of those things. ah ok, still though - requires the user to make a mistake. I'm not too worried about that sort of thing. If I make a mistake, I only have myself to blame. If something can infiltrate my computer without me making a mistake, that's the time to worry... I really hope that if multiple cores increase, they are done in a way which hides them from the programmer. For example a 32 core CPU, but that appears as a very very fast single core. That's where the concurrency/'threading' issues should live, not in everyones code. Threads are usually the problem IMHO not the solution. I don't agree with the suggestion that javascript will need threads either. Javascript works extremely well in a single thread. There isn't really much of a need for threads. Having multiple cores doesn't change that, it just means you might need some abstraction layer like I described above, that utilizes all cores, whilst appearing as a single core. I'd agree about applets. They look ugly in the main, trying to make them not look ugly and out of place is very hard. Startup time is very slow, and they do stick out like a sore thumb saying "1990s! 1990s!" If a website is slow, and looks ugly users are going to be less likely to use it. Cambridge does seem to have a lot going for it with the science park etc (I'm based not too far away in Ipswich). Would be interested how other peoples experiences have been regarding getting funding though (I haven't got that far yet). Same here regarding webcam. Webcam didn't light up. (MacBook) But the 'startups' that get posted here from him are lame IMHO An on line book library catalogue thing? A text based wiki thing? I mean come on. Credit where credit's due, and it's certainly not due IMHO. Point taken. Perhaps all the 'publicity' is actually unwanted. Perhaps he doesn't consider himself to be 'all that'. Do we really need to blindly upvote any article that mentions him? ;) ok enough... Sure. Re-reading my comment it does sound a bit harsh, and I agree - the idea doesn't have to be earth changing to be wildly successful. I guess we'll see in time what becomes of his startups. Sounds good to me. Would be great to meet some like minded hackers. I agree. Most of the time I solve problems when I'm in the bath, or asleep, or doing something other than coding. Getting in the zone and actually coding solutions up is great (Usually happens late at night when everyone else is asleep for me), but as you say, you need that downtime to think about the next problems. Please don't group Java together with .NET :D I like forums, but for some things they are a bit stale. It's like having a pen pal as opposed to going down the pub with some friends. Some great ideas are born from discussions at the pub over a drink. I created #startups on irc.freenode.net so feel free to come and chat/hang out there. Yeah I agree. For question/answers a forum is probably better suited. Chat is good for brainstorming and socializing/networking though. Java and C#/C++ are very similar languages as far as I know. ASP.NET seems very similar to PHP. .NET just sounds a horrible mess. VB.NET? why would anyone touch anything that has a language 'visual' 'beginners'. Don't those two words hint at anything? Comparing Java (the language) to .NET (the system that lots of m$ languages run on) doesn't make much sense though IMHO. You don't know?? Inconceivable! Microsoft really seem to be moving backwards rather than forwards judging from the decision to change the renderer for outlook 2007 from ie to word. It is a matter of taste and opinion though. We had a programmer at our office who used to use strings for everything. Any datatype, he'd use a string anyway. He thought it made things uniform and easy. So he'd probably feel the urge to rewrite everything. That doesn't mean it's bad code, it just means he has issues :) Try using a desktop whilst sat on the toilet. Or am I the only one...? I'm not sure it's incredibly fast, sure it uses auto-complete and ajax to load things instead of a page refresh, but it seems a similar speed to conventional web based dictionaries to me. This is something I've been working on for a little while now. Screenshots: IRC plugin: http://www.mibbit.com/mibbit.png Telnet plugin: http://www.mibbit.com/telnet.png Jigsaw game: http://www.mibbit.com/jigsaw.png It's just running on my home ADSL at the moment, so if you can't get into some of the IRC servers that may be why (I don't have an i-line yet). The site should work ok on FF/IE, and mostly ok on Opera bar a few cosmetic issues. Probably doesn't work too well on anything else at the moment. I have lots of big ideas for it, but would be interested to hear any early feedback for it so far. It's a kinda ajaxy framework. Currently the plugins are - IRC client - Telnet client - Multi player jigsaw game heh I wasn't that bothered about the 'suggest' feature. You still have to wait for the definition to appear. Still cool, but I'm not sure it's much faster (Assuming you don't care about the suggest functionality). Thanks for the feedback, I'm a programmer, not a UI designer ;) I do plan on getting some decent UI design in the future. To play games/connect to other IRC servers/etc etc just click on the 'welcome tab' again. Not sure about the scrolling messages, the chat output will scroll as long as the scrollbar is at the bottom. If you resize the window that can sometimes affect the scrollbar position so it could have been that. I should have explained, this isn't something I'd show end users, it's just an early stage hard to use prototype. Yeah nice game. Might code up a plugin of that :) thanks. Sure. I should have made it clearer. This isn't something I'd show users, just some early toys I made. I find it really surprising some people don't use the apps they are developing. If you're not using it day in day out heavily, how can you know what's likely to irritate users. Use the app all the time, if it's slow or buggy you'll soon get irritated by it enough to fix it :) As a developer you should be one of the biggest users IMHO innerHTML is also really really evil. Apart from making for horrible ugly code, it plain doesn't work for many things (tables/forms have issues). I'd take many of the points with a pinch of salt. Use profilers, and other debug methods to find out what works/doesn't work in your code. For example the point about event listeners vs setting node.onclick. Perhaps it is marginally quicker. But will the user notice unless you add 1,000 event listeners? Unlikely. Might not even notice then. It all depends on where and how it's used. Also obviously you can't use .onclick if you want several event handlers attached to the same event unless you do that functionality yourself. I really wish people would stop this fad of rubbishing the reader in titles. "The best X you've ever seen" "Everything you've been taught is wrong" "Why you're wrong about everything" "10 things you don't know about X" "Why you'll never amount to anything" "All the code you write is rubbish. Here's how to do it." etc Most of the time the article doesn't live up to the claim in the title. Security issues, and often not the right way to do things, but not sure of massive performance issues with it. I agree, although playing online poker is kinda fun. Watching a tug of war between 2 currencies? Doesn't really have the same appeal. Sounds like a great idea to me. Anything that cuts down the repetitive questions is great. For instance in ##javascript, half the questions posed end with the answer "Use a closure". These are public channels anyway, archiving them seems fine to me. I'm surprised google hasn't got in on this yet. cool talk! Is there a way to full-screen archived clips in the player? Yeah I do agree to a certain extent. Forum posts are obviously going to be archived, and examined, and remain public. Chat-rooms seem more of a grey area to me. I can see enormous use to archiving and mining the data, but on the other hand it does look slightly creepy being able to search and find some inane conversation I might have had months ago when I was in a silly mood. I agreed with you right up until 'Microsoft'. You can also use www.mibbit.com to connect ;) Agreed. Although tagclouds still need to die :) Would people use it though? Surely it's a... "I want to watch the rest of this video" vs "I'm going to click on this toaster and see special offers for toasters" Seems like either the video will be so boring people will want to escape via adverts, or the video will be interesting and no one will click on 'ads'. Perhaps I'm missing something. Good idea. Work in progress... http://www.mibbit.com/irc.freenode.net-startups Actually works now, but only for that server/channel at the moment. Also my ident server is down so login is a little slower than it should be. It'll log you in either with your mibbit username if you're known, or with a random mibbit session nick. "The best is yet to come, as Advertising rates will increase and I think Microsoft will become a leader in the space as they are innovating and Brian McAndrews who leads the Advertiser and Publisher Solutions seems to know what he is talking about." That is simply laughable. Ask anyone who has used msn adcenter vs google adwords. Microsoft have absolutely no clue whatsoever IMHO. JSON really is so so so so much nicer than XML. Checking 'this instanceof' on every single call to the function seems a bad idea to me, not to mention having the function call itself again to construct the object. If you use the function as it was intended, you won't have problems. I have to say it's not been a 'debugging nightmare' for me... >> "So there you have it: A simpler syntax for classical-style object instantiation that easy for end users and is more robust and resilient to misuse." I guess if you do prefer classical-style, and are prone to misusing things, it could be handy. Far easier just to make your constructors start with uppercase. function Foo() { // This is a constructor, starts with 'F' function foo() { // This isn't a constructor It's not the money though. If microsoft offered far higher rates for publishers, and far lower rates for advertisers than google does, I'd still be reluctant to use microsoft. The main blocker is that they simply cannot write webapps. The interface for dealing with adcenter is amongst the worst webapps of all time. It's a very very slow painful procedure to get anything done at all. Things you can do in adwords in 5 minutes can take hours in msn adcenter. Facebook is quite like the emperors new clothes IMHO I'd rather slow sustainable growth, than hype filled growth. Facebooks growth is hot air... which at some point will all come pouring out. The comparison shopping sector is a madly crowded one. What you have is an interesting innovation, but it depends how you're going to get users and steal market share from the other gazillion comparison sites out there. Still amazes me you can get patents on such things. If you touch a screen with 2 fingers, and draw them outwards or inwards, what other thing could they conceivably control other than zoom? Amazing :) This is a really really old page. Interesting for historical reasons, but the limit isn't really there any more. I'd say IE is pretty much a lost cause. I doubt it'll be years before it's implemented/deployed. As you see a lot of it is supported already and it's not even finalized. I think that's pretty good going. IE users are always going to have a massive disconnect with the current innovations and technologies, I think the best thing to do is to make them fully aware of what they are missing out on. Sure. It's not a hard problem any more, but as you say, a lot of web servers still haven't had the pressure/motivation to fix it yet. Presumably some of that is due to so much being built on top of apache etc, they have come to rely on 1 thread/process per connection, so it's hard to change from that. I learned to program on the ZX Spectrum (Awesome home computer). The spectrum had a great(ish) keyboard, where each key also had about 3 or 4 BASIC shortcuts on it, which you could get with various shift keys. Also it would recognize when it was expecting a statement, and just use the statement for that key instead of the letter. For example, to type "for f", you would press the 'f' key twice, as it had the shortcut 'For' on it, and also was the letter f. Similarly, to type "next n", you'd hit the 'n' key twice. Perhaps why you sometimes see f and n in for loops. But surely these elevators, from the users point of view, are inferior. What if they change their mind about which floor they want once they've got in? What if they see a closing lift and jump in, not realising it's not a general purpose lift, but one that only stops in certain predefined places. They'll have to get out at the next stop and start again. You have to ask yourself why these lifts are a good idea for the user. If they reduce wait times by 10% I doubt the users of them will care. The convenience of being able to get a lift to stop where you want it to from the inside is more useful IMHO I really can't see them becoming common place. I'd say spend a day, competing. See which one can get the most features, in the least lines/simplest/easiest to maintain code. Why? I'm not convinced this is the number one criteria... Am I missing a joke/reference to something? Why not join networks? There are several around that are free/cheap to join, and you only pay for results. Additionally google now does CPA as well as CPC, and you can target specific websites. eval isn't slow. It's fast. That's why the JSON decoder at json.org uses it. It simply makes sure the input is 'clean' - eg simple json notation data, then evals it. Similarly, surely this could land you in big trouble: dd if=/dev/urandom of=testfile bs=1024 count=1024 You could end up with a copyrighted mp3 file, some trade secrets, various passwords, credit card numbers, etc And another point... "Converting PI to binary" What?? What base is PI in to start with? Surely the title should be "Calculating PI and storing as binary" or similar. I think hardware makers should just chill out, relax, take a few weeks off, and maybe even help out with software. It's not like current software usually utilizes anywhere near the full potential of given hardware. Surely part of the fun is squeezing every last drop of performance out. Making hardware do cool stuff it wasn't exactly designed to do. Ah well :) I too don't quite understand the mentality of people who have 5,000+ 'friends'. You're from the past aren't you. Completely agree. This is why I wrote my own java webserver 'framework' for my current project. Most existing frameworks are designed to cover a million use-cases. Which makes them non-optimal, and overly complex. "How you can write a fully featured, bug free framework better than an entire web community?" How can a small startup team write software better than an entire corporation? Sorry, but bigger+more developers isn't necessarily better. Gmail does use comet. For the chat. Sounds like focusing on technology, rather than a clear problem that you have a solution to. Comet technology (If you want to call it that) is fantastic. I wrote http://www.mibbit.com using the techniques, and you can bet it loads a lot faster than flash/java applet/anything else. Also these days with browsers on far more platforms, you're not guaranteed flash support. (Not to mention it being proprietary/slow/etc) Focusing on comet though seems like saying "I want to do a web2.0 startup" or "an AJAX startup". They're all just buzzwords with little substance. Does look like you've got a great system, just need the killer app now :) Yes try the telnet app at http://www.mibbit.com I hate using these buzz words, but comet allows the user to get data as soon as they should get it. It's a technique that's been propelled to 'buzzword' status, when it probably shouldn't have been. It'll certainly completely change how websites work though, making them far more responsive and interactive. On the ever expanding TODO list ;) Looked into it and it's not too hard to incorporate. It's already used in applications. IMHO It doesn't really need a 'buzzword'. It's just a common technique. Thanks for the feedback, and agreed about /list. I'm thinking of the best way to present the /list data at the moment, I'd kinda like a hierachial system... computers -> linux -> #ubuntu Probably user generated categories, but not sure yet.... ah well, it's on the todo anyway :) You don't need to give everything a label, one reason I don't like design patterns. The idea behind Comet is an astoundingly simple one. It's using as many techniques as you can think of to emulate a continuous connection from client to server. That's it. If developers can't "invent" it themselves, they aren't a very good developer. Giving them a ready made buzzword won't fix that :) If it was an astoundingly clever algorithm, sure give it a name. But put 10 good hackers in a room that have never heard of or used comet before, and ask them to make a responsive app with javascript, I bet all 10 will 'invent' comet. A lot of spam websites I've seen have slightly similar colour schemes. You know the ones with a ton of text, with selected words highlighted with a yellow background.. ok so it's orange, but it's the only thing I can think of. And I do think there is just way too much text on the front page. I agree actually, make the 'sign up' a simple username/password (preferably with the username checked as you type it for validity and availability. Make that as simple as possible, then have extra user data on a user prefs page. Repeating the password seems stupid to me. Surely it's not just me that uses copy+paste for such things? I would agree, but some people aren't keen on giving their email address straight off the bat. You could be poised to spam them with a million emails. I think username/password, then fill in email etc in profile page, and if they don't fill in their email address, they can't recover their password and will need to create a new account. Depends on what they're signing up for though - how 'lightweight' is it, does it just store some handy prefs for the app, or does it store credit card details for instance. "Semantic Web" - like we need another buzzword. Maybe it's just recently been hyped up to buzzword status. In the case of XP->Vista it seems they got worse. "Prevent imagination overrun" Sounds like taking all the fun out of it. I guess TDD is ok if you have a boring clear idea of what code monkey thing needs churning out, but if you're just exploring, playing around and experimenting with what can be done with a tight development cycle I don't see how TDD can really work. It's like the kid who draws out and designs all his lego creations before he touches any lego, as opposed to the kids that just play around trying cool stuff. 15.3 mpg? Jesus christ get some better cars! Release early and often eh ;) Why use a laptop in 'desktop' mode at all? Last time I used a desktop was... well... years ago. no, discs, DVDs, blueray, HD-DVD... they are all dead. My MacBooks superdrive is barely of use anyway since it has stupid region coding on it so I can't play half the DVDs I own. I think it's great Apple have 'got it' as regards the future. In 5 years people are unlikely to be shoving discs into things. My reaction was: "fantastic news! No more irritating seek noises every damn time my macbook starts! No more tainted region coding infection! No more useless thing I never use anyway!" Great news. Why is this useful or interesting to hackers? Seems like Aaron doesn't like Daniel. Also seems like it belongs in a soap opera and not on ycnews. 1,000 daily users isn't too shabby, not able to make an income off that? Another term for this easy as hell simple technique that doesn't really need explaining anyway? I can already see the books devoted to 'comet' and 'reverse ajax'. I'm sure they'll sell, but you can explain it to someone in a couple of sentences. &#960; street? (3.14159th) edit: jesus christ ycnews doesn't do unicode? pi street? (3.14159th) Fix unicode. (pi) shouldn't be replaced with an 'X' and other unicode characters should work. Think more, code less :) Often I find the more time you spend thinking, the less code you need to write, because you end up with an elegant solution. Sure sometimes you need to churn out the boring code as well... I'd say use a laptop. I simply can't use an old style desktop keyboard - key travel is way too far. Is that necessarily a problem? There are more black basketball players than white. Does that mean there is a problem in white cultures? People do what they want to do, and what they're good at. You're saying white people can jump? ;) I was just saying I don't think it's a worthwhile idea to try and make everyone the same. We're not. Why aren't there as many women founders? Why should there necessarily be. Why aren't there as many male midwives as women... is that a problem? Sure if someone is actively preventing someone from doing something based on their race/gender/etc, then of course it should be solved if possible. I think the main thing is for people to grow up with self belief that they can do whatever they want to. That's terribly wrong IMHO. Very wrong. I used to think similar thoughts until I had kids. Girls and boys are just into different things. From a very early age. They have vastly different interests. Their brains work differently. They have different strengths. The key thing is that it's not just due to surroundings/culture. It's due to how they are wired. The fact is, the probability that a male will 'do a startup' is going to be greater than the probability that a female will. Why try to blame that on society? Why try and change that? "I believe the truth is that boys are girls are not wired differently, and their brains do not work differently." Do you have children? A girl and a boy? I do. I can tell you categorically that they most definitely without a doubt are 'wired' differently. Regardless of what you do. Treat them absolutely identically. Even before they have outside influences. Before they start nursery/school. Before society/friends influence them. They act very differently indeed. I didn't get that before I had kids. I thought girls liked dolls because people give girls dolls. They don't. It's a reflex. It's how they're built. Just like boys love cars and doing outside stuff. I seriously don't know what else to say here if you think men and womens brains are identical and work the same. But as I said before, why do you see it as a problem. It's a problem only if there are women who WANT to be founders, but cannot. Is the fact that fish don't have legs a 'problem'? Only if they long to have legs. (Please don't think I'm likening women to fish, but you get my point hopefuly). Likening it to a hardware dongle is seriously flawed. I don't get this recent spate of Apple bashing. If you don't like them, don't buy them. Personally, I'm getting my MacBook Air thanks. "Which is why, incidentally, Arc only supports Ascii." Is this why unicode is absolutely broken on ycnews? :( Seems a shame not to be even to use characters like pi in comments/titles IMHO Does a pound sign work? GBP edit: no it doesn't. Seriously, if done right unicode support doesn't have to take that long. Especially if you're building something without the need for backward compatibility. Just my 2c. The kind of apps I use (browser, text editor, shell), don't exactly tax the CPU. Even running XP and Ubuntu in parallels is handled fine on my MacBook. Sure the Air is marginally slower, but will I notice? no. I'm getting the Air for the backlit keyboard, the multi touch support, lighness, and lack of a dvd drive. 1. Spend time fixing major deficiency in language that prevents it from being usable. 2. Use language. Maybe I'm being harsh :) I'm sure it's great really, but these days people expect unicode support on websites. What??? I kinda like being able to talk about things as fundamental as money, without having to use (GBP). I'd like to use currency symbols for a start, what about math? I'd like to use pi occasionally. How about I want to add a nice 'tm' or (c) sign. People care if a website is using correct unicode characters or not. Perhaps they don't know/care because the majority of websites now are unicode, and just work. Users care if their name is zoe (with an accent on the e), or if they want to discuss prices of things in euros or GBP. I wrote a php forum a while back. You wouldn't believe the number of emails telling me that the gbp sign doesn't show up properly when they post a comment. "You want Unicode support? Write it in." Sorry but that's like selling someone a car and saying "Oh you want the chassis to be made of metal instead of wood? Well you can change that can't you." I disagree. If you're building something from the start, you decide on a good character set, and use it. Namely Unicode. It's a lot easier to do that than to try and fix things afterwards. Look at php. Dealing with Unicode in php is a major hassle because it wasn't designed from the ground up to support Unicode. It was added in later as a library. So now you have special functions for dealing with unicode, and all the hassle and verbosity that entails in your code. In Javascript or Java however, Unicode just works universally. I'd say choosing a character set is one of the first things you should do as a language designer - that's why I was surprised with the lack of support for anything but ascii which just doesn't cut it any more for real world applications. Saying that adding Unicode is a couple of days work for anyone interested sounds like a recipe for absolute disaster - see how php turned out. OK, he's giving us a car with a wooden chassis. Might be a great car, fun to drive. But it will probably need the chassis replacing unless you want to crash. I don't think expressing yourself in your own language using your own currency symbols is quite the same as using html. Nice try, but no. Reminds me of myself and my brother playing monopoly as kids. He suggested he start with all the property, and I start with all the money. I was young... 6 maybe, so I thought wow yeah heh I'll take all the money. Sure, MS have cash from their dying desktop, but they still can't build web apps, or compete with google online. I'd say yahoo are almost as bad. XML..... why??????????????????????????????????????????????? Until it supports Unicode instead of translating my unicode into random entities/replacements, it's still a prototype ;) A great, usable prototype :) raw text or json is even more extensible than XML. And about half as verbose, less prone to errors, easier to write parsers for etc etc.... So streaming a friends music collection to your PC is fine, but streaming it to an ipod isn't? I'm not sure the legalities of this hold water personally. Such muddiness when it comes to this sort of thing. The person saying WTF should have a weight depending on how many WTF's they get for their own code. Like googles pagerank. eg bad coder gets tons of WTFs, is a bad coder He WTFs at everything because he has no clue, doesn't understand, but his WTF's are weighted low. I agree (Probably because I grew up with abstractbill hacking on the same home computers ;) ). Tip the lego out and play around with the interesting gears and see what you can do. Throw away the manuals that tell you how to build exactly the same car that everyone else is building - obviously skim through them, or look at them every now and then to see how things can fit together. Sure find out from somewhere how a differential gearbox works, then play around trying to build one. I like to have the manual for reference - 'The definitive javascript', or the ARM7 manuals or whatever reference is needed, and sometimes dip into those in the bath or before bed. But 'learn the language' books don't seem to make much sense to me. Exploring is so much more fun than "designing using approved methodologies like everyone else is, using the same framework/libraries as everyone else is". IMHO you're likely to end up with a far better result as well. I just don't understand people who don't have that tight feedback loop. People who write a program from scratch in one or two hits, then execute it. That's like recording yourself playing a piano concerto with earplugs in, then listening back to see if it sounded ok. Better to have the feedback earlier so you can adjust.