how we make $350/day without marketing Designing a logo which stands out compared to competitors around you: I would say this is a textbook case of marketing. Having said that, it is clever using a free marketing opportunity like that, and, even better, being (one of) the first to realize there's a huge opportunity there. All I hope is that I won't be asked to punch any monkeys while browsing the AppStore any time soon. :) I've actually seen a BBC Horizon documentary a while ago, "Do You Know What Time Is?" [ http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00fyl5z ], that also talks about this. On top of all the theoretical background, they interview people at the US Army that manage the GPS sattelites, and show how they have to resync the internal clocks every day because of this. Worth a watch if you like this kind of material. EDIT: Sorry, I believe it was a different episode: "What On Earth Is Wrong With Gravity?" [ http://www.bbc.co.uk/sn/tvradio/programmes/horizon/broadband... ] Here are the online video links to both episodes: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3aYKAJEVfQ http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-421765295887486158 eight Stop making sense! The only solution would be for Twitter to acquire Bitly and their complex code base, how else are the inflated prices going to be justified ? http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/03/30/if-bitly-is-worth-8-mil... Your service looks awesome, especially the "we'll keep nagging you until you f...ing respond" aspect. I've looked at a lot of similar services in the last few months (you have no idea how relevant your startup is to me at this time), and I definitely am interested. One thing I'm wondering about is why you have no international calls. I would love to pay (a lot) more money if you could support international calls. Without that, the service is only half as useful, and I will sleep only half as good during the night. :-) I wonder whether the author used the 'optimize_for=SPEED' parameter in Protocol Buffers. Seems relevant, and since the author didn't mention it, I suppose he probably didn't. I personally have a hard time accepting that PB is actually orders of magnitude slower than JSON, especially given the fact that PB prides itself in its efficiency. i believe their point is that twitter has an open API and encourages app development on top of its platform everywhere it can, but it simultaneously will pick a golden app that creates a huge barrier of entry to the next "good idea" in that area. But if Twitter decided to implement their own redirection service, there would be no problem, right ? As in, would you still consider that as an innovation barrier ? I know a lot of the innovation for url redirection services should be looked for in the data mining area, and you need lots of data for data mining. But these tr.im posts all give me the impression they feel like they're entitled to a share of the traffic Twitter generates. They're not, and never will be. Twitter is entitled to decide what they do with their traffic. They could've implemented their own redirection service, they didn't, and decided to go for a single url redirection service. Perhaps precisely to keep the innovation going in that area (url redirection is Bitly's core business, thus they will take the data more seriously), while on the other hand keep the service reliable and predictable. If your entire business depends upon the grace of a single company, and you don't do anything to break your business out of that, you've just got a bad business model which is destined to give you a lot of headaches, and even will make you fail. And yes, I'm looking at you too, AppStore developers. Quit whining already! It's the ultimate form of "eating your own dogfood". Why do people always feel the need to overgeneralize things ? From http://uitrends.com/2009/09/03/command-line-interfaces-dont-... : command line interfaces are back again, hiding under the name of search No, they are not. Yes, it's also a box in which you type text, hit return and see results. But a command-line tells a computer to do stuff, a search box tells a computer (Google) to retrieve stuff. By stating that search engines are the new commandline, well, it's not as silly as claiming the web is the new OS, but it's close. The only reasons I can see why they make these generalizations is either that they don't understand what a commandline does, or it simply brings them more attention. I suspect the latter. You have to keep in mind the audience Techcrunch is appealing to: a lot of these rockstars probably really think wisdom comes with intelligence instead of the years. What I'm wondering about, though, is the rest of these younger entrepreneurs: I understand that the older entrepreneurs of course make better decisions, but I wonder how much of these younger entrepreneurs (wrongfully) think they are just as capable, and thus something like Dunning-Kruger was taking effect. I try to reflect this on myself, 26 years old and founder of a startup, and I am fully aware of my inexperience. I personally attempt to compensate that problem by gathering more experienced people around me, but in the end, there is only so much you can do about it. I do think, however, that knowing you don't know everything at least allows you to be more aware when you're likely to make a mistake. Both: I am licensing to companies myself, and yeah, it's also a damn good revenue model. Wait. I must be missing something: Since computers have trouble reading squiggly words like these, CAPTCHAs are designed to allow humans in but prevent malicious programs from scalping tickets or obtain millions of email accounts for spamming. But there’s a twist — the words in many of the CAPTCHAs provided by reCAPTCHA come from scanned archival newspapers and old books. Computers find it hard to recognize these words because the ink and paper have degraded over time, but by typing them in as a CAPTCHA, crowds teach computers to read the scanned text. The way I understand this, is that the user is presented letters from archival newspapers and must type in the text he sees, and recaptcha uses that text to improve OCR. But doesn't that imply that recaptcha was unable to interpret the scanned text before ? If so, how can it then verify the correctness of the text the user types in ? If not, how exactly is this helping OCR ? Furthermore, it seems to imply that being a business owner makes you happy. It could just as well be that people who often take control of their lives and actively pursue what makes them happy, which perhaps has a huge influence on their natural happiness, are more likely to become business owners. Your relationship with your friends will change because of something like that, it is very very nice of you to want to share the wealth, but someone that has a sense of honour themselves will either have to refuse your offer or they will accept and it will hurt their sense about themselves. That depends very much on the way you bring it. Indeed, if you offer to pay off their debts, of course it will hurt their ego. But if you bring it like "here's 50 grand, i don't need it, i care about you, do with it what you want", well, most people will have a hard time rejecting it. Since they don't associate it with their debt, but rather as part of sharing in your success. Link explaining the Zimmerman case, for people who are curious too: http://www.gimonca.com/personal/archive/philzima.html Woa there! They embedded an entire flight sim in Google Earth ? That's a lot of work and pretty impressive for an easter egg, even when coming from Google! I wonder how they justify the effort put into those things.. 20 percent time perhaps ? Yeah well, when you have a flight sim in your program, you almost have to do something useful with it, not ? I just wonder where they got the time to build it in the first place. As far as i know, it's not like Google had a flight sim in their portfolio before. > A community operated social news site Aren't all social news site community operated ? > Because transparency is not a just a plastic film Reveals nothing about your business. > We are "Open for business" Reveals nothing about your business. I personally think it's important to both emphasize that you're a social news site and that you pay the users for their contributions. Something like "Social news shared both ways", not sure -- I find it easier to criticize bad slogans than to come up with good alternatives. I just meant that C# isn't that good and never will be as good for quick scripting. Only if you don't know anything else. Often, the best tool for the job is the language you feel most comfortable with. Because Apple makes it very clear in their TOS that they don't want that. And obviously, the iSinglePayer app is politically charged. The developer of the app decided to develop it anyway, and now he's claiming he's being censored. It's kind of silly, actually. People seem to think they have some fundamental right to be approved into the AppStore, which is simply not the case. Okay, according to that definition, you may be right. Ultimately, I think it's up to a judge to decide; censorship is not as black and white. Take Google for example. They automatically filter various type of sites from their index (phishing, link farms, etc). According to the definition on Wikipedia, that is censorship too: it's communicative material, which is considered harmful by Google. Ok in that case, indeed, censorship can be applied. But to me, that means it completely loses its value: in essence, it would be the same as "filtering", which I don't think is the intent of the law. You mean censorship isn't illegal in the US ? As far as I was aware, censorship is outlawed in most Western countries, by protecting freedom of speech. Okay, so if I understand you correctly, freedom of speech is violated by censorship, but censorship doesn't always violate freedom of speech. Guess my interpretation for the word always was wrong. I figured censorship meant the act of limiting freedom of speech; you seem to define censorship as any act of filtering. Would you classify Google's filtering of web content as censorship ? If not, how is that different from Apple filtering AppStore applications ? Okay, you make a good case and I agree with your point. Thanks for the discussion. :) I don't really agree about Hadoop. MapReduce is interesting for some applications but it's not the only thing out there. We did extensive analysis of MapReduce at my new company and it clearly wasn't suitable for our needs. You say that as if MapReduce is the only thing you can do with Hadoop. It has a key/value datastore too, and since recently a relational database: http://db.cs.yale.edu/hadoopdb/hadoopdb.html I was wondering about that too. Perhaps they all made more than $1000 a month ? I couldn't find out how many startups they surveyed, so it might as well be only 3 startups. The article makes a good point, but I don't think I'd call it the death of authenticity. A deceptive banner ad is just the new version of a fast-talking door-to-door salesman. It's the method of reaching consumers with the lowest barrier to entry, and that's why it is so popular with the inauthentic. That is a good point. On top of it, it is merely a matter of choice: you can still make "authentic" ads online, but just because the internet doesn't require you to do so, you see so many inauthentic ads online. I personally still vividly remember that Nintendo WII ad that ran on youtube about a year ago, which played a youtube video and after a few seconds the whole page started to fall apart ("shake it", see: http://mikeabundo.com/2008/09/25/shaking-wii-youtube-ad/ ). That is quality online advertising, and it has just as good an effect as quality TV advertising. I think the real lesson to learn here is to never assume anything. They assumed performance wouldn't be a problem, so they didn't test for it when prototyping, and they didn't make those tests part of their development cycle. It's tough, these things, especially if you're talking about a feature you personally appreciate a lot. The article talks about the performance problems leading focus away from actively marketing these solutions, which makes me wonder: if properly marketed, would this have been a killer feature ? The fact that they decided to get rid of it suggests no. However, are they putting the code in the freezer for a while until they fix these issues and re-release it ? Or is it simply a problem that can only be properly solved by giants like Google ? Guess that's my bad for assuming you thought performance wouldn't be a problem. :-) I think it's due to a different focus: PostgreSQL chose to be "correct" and feature-complete, while MySQL deliberately didn't implement the full SQL standard, and went for ease of use and, arguably, the best performance. You see this pattern all over the world, Unix versus Windows coming to mind. The best technical implementation of your software doesn't guarantee the best position in the market, even in a tech market. Exactly. I wonder whether he would have won the price if he was the successor of, say, Clinton instead of Bush. I'd say, just let HN run its course and it'll figure itself out. The more policy and rules you try to add the more soul you take away from it. The problem is, when you let social network sites "figure itself out", the end result is, in my not so humble opinion, usually an emotional, harsh and perhaps childish community. Maybe HN has the advantage of being connected to YCombinator, and thus has a reduced risk of this happening, but the risk is still there. Besides, there are elements of HN that do manipulate the community to make it what it is: for example, not being able to downvote posts until a certain karma level has been reached (thus focusing on the positive rather than the negative). Personally, and I think I speak for more people in this community, the existence of HN is a huge relief considering the state of today's online communities. It would be a waste if the nature of HN would be lost due to a lack of foresight in controlling this very nature. I don't fully agree with the article's point, and I certainly don't like the tone: to me, it sounds like a useless rant and it seems as if the poster is using symptoms of a sloppy QA as proof of a lack of expertise of the Google engineers. These are two different things. Having "the world's best engineers" should mean that you are able to solve problems that no one else can. That your engineers recognize possibilities and see solutions where no one else can. I can actually argue that because they (supposedly) hire engineers with such great expertise, the QA department suffers. A common symptom of smart people is that they don't want to be bothered with dumb, repetitive tasks (read: testing, QA, etc) but rather want to solve interesting problems. Besides, it would be a bit weird to expect smart people to not make any mistakes. People always make mistakes, no matter how smart they are. If mistakes are noticeable to the end user, in the end it's due to an error in the business processes, not a human error. I'm not familiar with MogileFS, so if my comments below are incorrect when applied to MogileFS, then I'm sorry. GFS/HDFS are officially called filesystems, but they're about as much as a filesystem as a Samba server: they expose files to the outside world, with some extra layers of abstraction you can mount the filesystems under Linux, but in essence they live on top of existing filesystems themselves and have nothing in common with the traditional filesystems, where you operate on a block device. A SAN, otoh, is such a block device and traditional filesystems operate on them. This means that you can run a RDBMS on a SAN, while you can't on GFS/HDFS. This covers a common use case where you have a central expensive database server, with dozens of terrabytes of storage in a SAN, which you see in a lot of large corporations. But we believe the way to get around this issue is to build ZFS as a module with a CDDL license, it can still be loaded in the Linux kernel. Though it would be restricted to use the non- GPL symbols, but as long as that rule is adhered to there is no problem of legal issues. I can't believe it really is that simple ? If so, why hasn't anyone mentioned this before ? Call me old-fashioned, but I see work as the ultimate form of decency. Why ? I do not see a designer as someone critical to the success of a startup -- you can safely hire an external designer who isn't necessarily as passionate about the company and still get a very decent design. Furthermore, I kinda see design as a problem that needs to be solved once, while technical and sales/marketing problems continuously arise and need to be solved. Disclaimer: I'm in a niche enterprise market, so design is less important for me than startups developing for consumers. I think you are certainly right that design is less of a success factor in the enterprise, though 37 Signal shows that a bit of design can get people excited about a fairly underfeatured (intentionally or not) product. Yeah, that reminds of client who once told me "people want their beer with foam" as a metaphore: no matter where you go, people are still people, and they like to be pampered. Good PR lesson: even if you're a fucked up company and someone calls you out on it, if you admit the problem and take proper steps quickly people will likely forgive you and perhaps even like you for it. Its not about open source vs closed source, its about corporate development in which you are a developer with non-developers deciding what is important VS the developer has the last say. So, to sum it up, developers are claiming developing software is better when developers are in charge ? I'm shocked. MongoDB really is an interesting project. It really does fill a gap between key/value stores and relational databases. At my company, we've been using MongoDB for about half a year: it was the only project that provided auto-sharding, replication, stored procedures, commercial support, and, last but not least, the ability to detect race conditions when multiple clients are writing the same data. Pretty impressive, if you ask me. MongoDB is going to be big. There's more information here: http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Licensing The way I understand it, is that they use AGPL to prevent people from running their own customized mongodb daemons without publishing the patches. This solves the "problem" of web services customizing code and not publishing patches because they're technically not distributing any code. Note that this doesn't apply to the client drivers, so you can still safely link the drivers into your code and/or modify these drivers. Well, I don't have a blog, and I don't want to get into too much detail, but I can give a quick overview of our main usage. Basically, the core problem we needed to solve was to have a reliable datastore which is able to detect race conditions when multiple webservers are handling the same data (in essense, multiple webservers handling a request from the same visitor). To do this, we use a simple compare-and-swap trick: each object has a version number which is transmitted when an object is read, and this version number is transmitted back when the object is updated: only when the "old" version numbers match, an update is performed, otherwise an error is thrown, and the webserver re-processes the entire request from the start. I believe a similar trick is used in memcached for CAS operations, and it works great in situations where the chance of a race condition occurring is relatively small. Now, for all this to work, we need to have a datastore that lets us atomically compare and swap these objects: this is where, for us, projects based on Amazon Dynamo start to become suboptimal. I believe it's theoretically possible to detect race conditions with such projects if you set the amount of writers to more than half the amount of replicas, but it just starts to give you a feeling you're using it for an unintended purpose. MongoDB, on the other hand, provides the ability to define stored procedures. Furthermore, they guarantee that this happends atomically: only one client can update a single object at the same time, which is a great guarantee. Because of this, we could write a trivial stored procedure that takes 2 arguments (the old version number and the replacement object), and does the compare-and-swapping. I even believe MongoDB can do "update if these fields still match these values" operations nowadays, so it looks like this functionality is even integrated within MongoDB. Of course, in addition to this, we also need the datastore to be highly available and limit the risk of data loss as much as possible: MongoDB has this area covered really well, and automatic failover is implemented within the client drivers. And this is basically all there's to it. Because of the guarantees MongoDB provides, the work we needed to do was reduced to a minimum. Of course, features like ad-hoc querying and their plans to implement map/reduce capabilities help too (we've already invested a lot of time into Hadoop and Map/Reduce applications, so it all fits). All in all, it seems MongoDB just came into existence at exactly the right time for us, and the people developing it seem like a very active, passionate bunch of people. I haven't got regret choosing them. You are correct: a single server indeed has a high risk of losing data for the reasons you describe. I was talking about replication: by making sure all data is replicated, for example, 4 times across 2 datacenters, you limit that risk a lot. There is a small timespan between writing data and all replicas picking it up, but if you make sure your servers aren't overloaded, this usually is very small. Having said that, I agree that there is room for improvement, for example using WAL and sync points like you describe. You're forgetting one way more important thing: logs. Your access patterns to Google's sites is way more important than the information you see on this dashboard; based on your access patterns, most of the information in that dashboard can be predicted anyway. That makes me wonder what "anonymous" actually means. As I understand it, Google anonymizing the logs in fact means they don't store any information that can lead directly back to you: as in, based on a single log file, they couldn't say who you are. In the greater context of things, however, it is not anonymous: based on your previous access patterns, and your current ( This all reminds me of some research from Germany I heard about a few years ago: basically, if you have someone's ZIP code, age, gender and education, you can get a > 99% accuracy resolving who this person is in real life. His point basically is that, compared to Twitter, Google is unimportant for News Corp, traffic-wise. Which I personally find hard to believe. "On the other hand, an antivirus program with up-to-date signatures will protect you from a lot of threats. It'll protect you against viruses, against spyware, against Trojans -- against all sorts of malware. It'll run in the background, automatically, and you won't notice any performance degradation at all" Now, this may be a bit off-topic, but does anyone know about which software he's talking ? I personally find that most of the virus scanners try desperately to let you know how effective they are, constantly notifying what they have done to help you, to validate their existence. On the other hand, you have the more minimalistic virus scanners, like ClamAV, but I really can't tell if they're effective or not. I fear they are not. Anyone has recommendations for a good virus scanner that doesn't suck ? Perhaps pg can make this a request for startups, please ? It's about time this whole industry stopped sucking. :) That is weird, especially given that modding console is completely legal over here in The Netherlands: using it to play games you don't own is illegal. I would've guessed Microsoft would target the users playing pirated games instead of playing on modded X-Boxes. Now it seems like they're also targeting users that prefer to play using a backup DVD instead of the original, which to me seems like a pretty fair use case. In this case the legality of modded consoles to play backup isn't an issue because it sounds like Microsoft have something specific in the Xbox Live TOS to cover all modded consoles. IANAL, but I believe that over here, that doesn't matter: if something is said to be legal by law, no company can forbid its customers to do so. Just like with renting an apartment: a landlord can demand all kinds of ridiculous things, but if there is a law that explicitly protects certain rights for homeowners, a landlord simply cannot take those from you. It's the same with a TOS: a company simply cannot take certain rights away from you if a country's laws explicitly protect these rights. If you want to consider another example what happens if a cheat hack appears that gives you a big advantage over other online players; would M$ be within their rights to ban you then? Is the only difference that gamers believe one to be morally wrong (cheating) and one to be floating somewhere in the middle (chipping) I get your point, since one is a software mod and the other is a hardware mod. The difference is that our law says nothing about software modifications, while it does explicitly allow a consumer to mod consoles: you have the right to be able to make a backup disc of any game you purchase, and use those backup disks to play the games. You need to mod your console for that, and you can literally walk into any computer store and ask your X-Box to be modded. But, I think you made a good point: the hardware in essense makes the software function differently, so if you would convert a certain software cheat to a hardware mod (if it were possible), you have a problem. So I think the (legal) matter, in the end, is intent. This is why I think it's weird that Microsoft chose to ban all people that modded their console, instead of all the people that pirated games. One targets the fact that a hardware modification was made, the other targets the intent. Just because not all the time spent developing an application is spent on coding, doesn't mean it's not relevant to know how much time you spent on coding. Well, if Outlook uses the Word rendering engine, then at least it's somewhat decent, looking at some HTML formatted emails that fill my inbox. Which means: don't do it yourself, unless you're an expert, which you are most likely not. Suck it up, it costs more money, but when you're just starting out and can't hire people dedicated to managing your servers, you should just pay another company to do it, otherwise you're just being penny wise. Downtime costs a lot more. And that's where you make a mistake: sure, the founder can be a competent sysadmin, but the founder simply cannot replace a team of sysadmins. You need to be available 24/7 -- there's always that pressure on your social live that you need to remain available, etc etc etc. You think you can do it, as a founder, especially when you've got some sysadmin skills, but you simply cannot do as good a job as a team of operations people who are stand-by 24/7. And you simply cannot afford such a team for yourself when you're starting out. How do we know this is better than Quantcast? Does anyone know where the data comes from? Also, it seems to be missing some of the features. People suspect it's coming from the Google Toolbar, but all Google wants to confirm is that it's some sort of "secret sauce": http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/06/24/is-google-ad-planner-ge... The world mistakenly confuses us for a tolerant country: we're not. We're just indifferent. Here's a more informative article on the whole set of changes Google plans to test: http://searchengineland.com/google-streamlines-search-option... This is pretty interesting: looks like they're laying down the foundations of their Map/Reduce framework with this -- this approach to their Group function is one of the most flexible I've seen so far! In essence, they have implemented their Group function as a real simple Map/Reduce job, in which the "Map" phase is skipped partially Instead of completely decoupling the Map and Reduce phase, a Reduce is performed right after each object is Mapped: you perform a Reduce directly on the source object. Regular Map/Reduce frameworks usually decouple the Map and Reduce phase completely: you perform a Map on the source object, and a Reduce on all the emitted Map objects. This of course brings a lot of overhead (lots of Map objects emitted with just the value "1"). Ah, I should've looked better -- I didn't realize they actually already supported Map/Reduce by now -- good news! I was a bit disappointed that you couldn't set up a function to update "map" objects when the collection it was generated from is updated or added to. That sounds interesting, but it makes me wonder: what happens when an updated object is mapped again, as you describe? An update means that a previously mapped entry is deleted, so you should unreduce (inflate?) the previous map operation (which in many cases is not possible). How are these things handled in Couch ? Well that seems kind of obvious: Amazon customers already are a very specific subset of all the book sales, and I bet they are far more willing to read an ebook than the average book reader. For an article that promises the death of the printed book, I do find it strange that it almost solely focuses on the increase of ebook sales, rather than the decline of print sales. Could there perhaps be a new audience of people who would only read ebooks and no print editions? The only real information provided about this in the article seems to be a quote from an author who assesses he will earn more from ebooks than from print sales in 6 years time, but this is just one example and can depend upon the audience of the author: I bet ebooks will do better for SF fiction than ancient history literature. Because of the audience: I suspect the average SF fiction reader will be more tech savvy than the average ancient history reader. Since ebooks are a new development, I think it's fair to say that they have a better market penetration with tech savvy people. Ok, well, I guess you could be right, I don't know -- it wasn't really the point of why I mentioned it. As you can see, I used the example SF versus history to illustrate that the sales statistics of ebooks versus print can be different depending upon the author's target audience, which I think is true: I don't believe the percentage sales of ebooks versus print is the same in all categories. When used as an argument why the printed book is dying, we should therefore put the sales numbers from one author in this perspective. Well, judging by the SLA of Prgmr over here: http://book.xen.prgmr.com/mediawiki/index.php/SLA it seems like Prmgr is ran by a single person, with a 99.5% uptime guarantee. I bet this reduces costs quite a little. One thing scares me about Linode: I can not find any information with regards to availability guarantees at all. Even when they talk about their "datacenter availability", they're talking about which image slots are available in which datacenter. EDIT: Ok, I just found some availability information in their FAQ: http://www.linode.com/faq.cfm "What we can boast about is our commitment to resolving these issues in the quickest fashion possible. Most customers will tell you the last time they rebooted was to take advantage of a plan upgrade. 99.9% uptime, or your lost time is refunded back to your account. " This essentially means it's worthless: they're only backing it up with paying you back the time your server was down (they'd better do that!). Looks like they don't have much confidence in themselves in that area. but at least they offer your money back, most don't. Well, my point is that this money back is basically worthless: say, at some point, your server was down for 4 hours, and you pay $100 / month. This means you would get $0.55 refund for 4 hours of downtime. I'm sorry, but to me that sounds like "we guarantee this amount of uptime, and we back it up by absolutely nothing!". Not that I expect my damages to be repaid, not at all, but a webhost's availability guarantees are only as good as the money they put in to back it up. If they would, for example, promise to pay back a month of service fees, it would not recover my damages, but at least shows they're a lot more serious about the guarantees they're giving. Anyway, I do not have anything against Linode, not at all: it's just that I'm wary whenever a webhost is this unclear about availability guarantees. I probably had a few too many bad experiences in the past. So this is not true ? http://lists.grok.org.uk/pipermail/full-disclosure/2009-Nove... I don't think the point of the article is to explain how to prevent malicious use of your private data, the point is that a big public company like Facebook should not be doing certain stuff with the data it mines. Nobody is talking about giving away ssh passwords: this is about a tool that Facebook has provides that helps you find friends that are already in your (Gmail) address book. Heck, just 3 posts above the OP says that he even temporarily changed his Gmail password. The problem being described is a shady side-feature of this tool, where it apparantly stores all your contacts in your address book, even the ones not on Facebook, and when one of those email addresses ever pop up in the future, it is being re-used again. That isn't really nice if you're not up-front about it. And you can't compare Facebook with a stranger in this context, it's a big company with a public image to maintain. And I think most people have problems with calling SaaS a "cloud". According to that definition, a hosted visitor counter you can embed on your website can be called "Cloud Counting", and that's nothing new. This couldn't come at a better / worse time for me. I finished college 3 years ago, and spent the last 3 years building a startup. It's an extremely stressful time at the moment, and we're in talks with our first "big fish" (> 1 million / year) clients. Basically, it either needs to work out in the next 6 months or the plug will be pulled. Lately, I've been feeling socially isolated big time. I've been neglecting a lot of friendships over the past few years, always feeling guilty when I'm not working, not being able to enjoy the more important things in life, always using the excuse that I have more important things to deal with my life right now. "When my company gets going, I'll start spending things on the finer things in life", I would say. I guess for me, part of it was a bit of a dream, a fantasy image I would hold on to: this dream will either become reality or fail in the next few months, and with this chance of failure coming closer and closer, I guess something snapped with me -- too much stress, and putting way too much pressure on myself. Failure is not an option, because otherwise I completely blew it with a huge part of my social life, and will have nothing left. I'm not sure why I'm sharing this, and it's not really a cohesive story, but I I guess I needed to vent with people who kind of can relate. I guess this is one of those phases in life I need to get through to realize what's more important in life. I have a problem. I would like to thank everyone for the kind replies and helpful advice -- they're much appreciated and perhaps unsurprisingly, very accurate. Most of it is exactly what I needed to hear. Escaping from other issues in my life is definitely something that has been going on: it's easy to fill a certain emptiness in your life with work. It's harder to actually realize that and do something about it. Right now it all comes down to changing perspective: take distance from work and realize it's far from everything. I might even enjoy it again if I do. And the Christmas season is probably a good time to call a few lost friends. Once again, thanks for all the kind replies. This hacker is just going through a rough time, but will definitely come out stronger. It just sucks when you're in the middle of it. :-) Apparently it's some sort of 4chan meme http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/i-accidentally Yes there is: measure the frequencies each banner is shown to each visitor and add that data to your optimization parameters. Of course this requires you to identify and track each individual visitor, but it's a standard practice in online ad systems. This is marketing at its best. Consider the quote: "today, for titles that have a Kindle edition, Kindle book sales are 48 percent of the physical sales." That sounds really great: however, how much percent of the books have a Kindle edition ? In addition to that, more importantly, this is only within the Amazon audience: I bet a lot more Amazon customers fall into the eBook audience than the average audience of bookstores. But by stories like these, a lot of people will be made aware of the success of the eBooks, and will be afraid of missing out on something. However, over here in The Netherlands, some numbers were released today: 60,000 eBook sales in 2009. Compare that to the total of 50,000,000 books sold, and you can see eBooks still account for about 0.1% of the total book sales. Hardly comparable to the "48%" named in the article. Here is a dutch article: http://nos.nl/artikel/125693-60000-ebooks-verkocht-in-nederl... And the translated version: http://translate.google.com/translate?js=y&prev=_t&h... I'm using this application for a few weeks now. The application needs to be calibrated for the first few days, but after that it works really well. I'm pleasantly surprised by the accuracy of the application and the ease of use. The low price ($0.99) makes it easy to try it out too, so if you care about these kind of things, I can recommend it. One thing I've noticed is that in your sleep, you're sometimes rolling over while being "half awake": you wouldn't remember it if you would fall back asleep, but if you're inside the specific timeframe you've set your alarm to, this application will wake you up, and you indeed do feel more fresh than coming out of a deep sleep. And the charts are nice too. From the FAQ: "How well does Sleep Cycle work with 2 people sharing a bed? Our experience is that it works very well. Normally your body will "block" the movement of the other person and the iPhone will not detect that movement. You can test this yourself by using the test function in Sleep Cycle." That's probably because most people only sporadically have to write shellscripts. If you had to write it every day, I bet you wouldn't have that problem. Having said that, I personally don't feel shellscripting is all that intuitive either. He wasn't implying that Dutch law was valid in the US, he was simply stating that because perhaps there is some similar law in the US (hence the "I don't know about the US"). Besides, does one really need to provide a valid reason to delete an account ? Isn't "just because" good enough ? What would you base that budget on, without in-depth internal knowledge ? Why is that ? IANA's task is to coordinate the assignment of, among others, port numbers, not to promote free / open software. I'm not sure, but I recently snatched the domain adfeeling.com via Godaddy's domain backorder system. I probably was pretty ignorant on the whole thing now I read this story, but in the end, it all went pretty smooth and the costs were predictable. Yeah, never understand why companies go this way, when responding to social media. I assume it's an act of impulse by one of their employees, I would be amazed if it was actually discussed and cleared by their PR department. But it sure doesn't look professional at all, and I do expect professionalism from a company like Comscore. I can understand that certain companies use social media to be more authentic and to not sound like a PR. But comScore targets enterprise clients. They should play the enterprise game, not the social media game (although the two aren't mutually exclusive, I expect them to sound professional at all times). Our service needs to be highly available, so our infrastructure reflects this. Basically, we have a hosting provider that has 3 geographically separated datacenters within the same IP subnet. We have a clustered loadbalancer solution, with one loadbalancer in each datacenter, that monitor each other. When one loadbalancer goes down, another one picks up the same IP address of the one that went down, and the whole thing fails over to another datacenter. Of course, the load balancers have a lot more webservers behind this, but this is what we consider a pretty highly availalbe solution for the front-end. The problem is in the backend: how do you handle databases going down ? Do you make a master/slave setup like the loadbalancers I just described? Or a multi-master that sync periodically ? It all depends upon your requirements. So in the end, there is no best practice, there's just a good practice for your problem. How about just entering a postal code ? Thanks, you're an excellent writer, I'm looking forward to your next contribution. I think you're missing the point of the article: the point is that New World people don't care about all that openness of their computer, just like most people don't care about the openness of their car. They just want it to work, and work really well; Apple's approach is one way to fulfill these requirements, but I don't see Lisp machines and OLPC doing this. Essentially he's repeating what everyone here probably already knows, and connecting that to the iPad. We're the minority, and Apple's audience might start shifting away from a niche, hip gadget-audience to an incredibly mainstream audience. Definitely reminds me of Disney. Apparantly, it's been used in many movies, as seen here: http://us.imdb.com/name/nm0006269/ But can't find anything about the Beauty & The Beast there. Perhaps they want to make some exclusive deals with Apple in the future, and don't want to go through the hassle / bad publicity if they disable the Amazon API on mobile devices in the future ? Perhaps they have some plans with the Kindle and are afraid that having other mobile devices using the Amazon API will hurt those plans ? From http://www.dogoodhq.com/publishers : "The DoGooder does not block ads from being served on websites. Consequently, any CPM revenue agreements you have with your ad network / servers remains unaffected- yes, you still get paid." I wonder what that means; they don't get into the technical specifics, but I get the impression that they will simply download the ads, and replace the ads with DoGood ads as soon as they're downloaded. This might be even worse: it messes up statistics for advertisers, and in the end, it will cause your inventory's value to decrease, thus resulting in a lower CPM value. Additionally, it gives advertisers yet another reason to push for performance-based (CPC/CPA) campaigns, instead of the CPM-based campaigns used for premium content nowadays. How is it self-righteous to turn off a feature on your site that you feel is currently causing more harm than doing good? Are they in some way obligated to give the trolls a place to troll? Sorry, I misunderstood that then, my bad. "I know personally that lots of you know lots of things and you don’t say the Stuff That Matters. It’s okay to call people idiots, or dopes, or morons, or liars when they are. This is part of the process of transparency." No, it's not, that's called an insult, and it's generally bad form. It's only useful when it actually contributes to something, and I don't see how insulting people contributes to anything. Likely, this is what separates the people that actually know the "Stuff That Matters" and the people that act like they know. Or, you might as well use something more sophisticated like KeePass: http://keepass.info/ You will never actually type any passwords anymore (except perhaps your master password, which can be a signature file too), so no keys to log. You can find the Firefox plugin here: http://keefox.org/ Right. At Google's scale, it will even benefit them a lot if other broadband providers provide a better service, since it promotes more use of the internet, and thus more ad income for Google. We are using it in production, currently replicating across multiple datacenters. We're mainly using it as a CRUD datastore with advanced stored procedures and atomic update capabilities. At peak moments our MongoDB servers are handling around 10,000 operations / second. which database servers advertise "single server durability" as a feature Any database server that advertises being ACID compliant: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID#Durability Well, it's kind of hard to tell, since we're combining our MongoDB nodes with other services too (Hadoop DFS datanodes too, to name a common example). We're running MongoDB on 12 different virtual dedicated servers, comparable to a dual core Intel Xeon with 4GB ram. But I can tell you that you really shouldn't worry about MongoDB and performance, unless you want a really high load on a single server; I've heard it being able to do 20k write ops / sec on a single commodity server. From what I can see, our results kinda line up with that: MongoDB performance certainly isn't a problem. Furthermore, all the references to KB71033 found by Google are about this exact same phone-home news: http://www.google.com/search?q=KB71033 Why the extremes of 'the past' or 'the future'? Can't it just be 'a part' of the internet? Yes they did, but that wasn't a wrong move, business-wise. This is seriously wrong, because people actually care about this stuff. People don't really care about China or cookies. This, on the other hand, is so obviously invading people's privacy, that a lot of people seem to understand it. This is a great marketing campaign. $1.3 million a month isn't a lot of money for a company like Pepsi, but they get a lot in return. The brand engagement will be huge, it is likely to go viral on some level. It gives their brand a good name. It gives them an excuse to advertise their brand at the execution of the ideas too, without looking like an evil corporation exploiting a good cause. Pretty smart, if you ask me. Who makes the automation possible? This whole discussion can be summed up with "know your audience". If you have stupid people in your audience, you should design for stupid people; companies like Facebook and Google should design for stupid people, the rest of the world doesn't. In the end, it's Google's responsibility to find the correct page for what it's users are looking for, even if they're using it as some sort of web-CLI for the wrong purpose. Google has the stupid people in its audience, so Google should design for them. Heck, Google should be able to detect a person's intentions; not sure if they can, but at least I guess it would be possible to classify websites as stupid and people as stupid, and match accordingly. And what they found was that a "reliable cookie" overstates user counts 2 to 4 times. That's right, if your analytics software uses cookies, it is possible that your unique visitor counts are 2 to 4 times too high. I wonder what their methods for determining this is. Do they mean that an average user clears their cookies 2 to 4 times within a typical reporting period (unlikely)? Do they mean that an average user uses 2 to 4 different browsers to access the same site (unlikely)? Or do they mean that the average user accesses the same websites from 2 to 4 different computers (more likely)? These kind of claims don't mean anything if you don't know how to interpret it. People know how to interpret unique visitors: it essentially means "unique browser sessions", and most people that are serious about analytics are aware of this. But don't start dividing the unique visitors by 2 to 4 yet, if you don't know what the resulting number exactly represents. (disclaimer: I'm a service provider in online ads and biased too) Haven't we been doing that for ages with things like MSN/AOL messenger? Isn't this just an extra means of communication, instead of a replacement as you're suggesting? It's already being discussed here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1147670 Aren't you giving them permission when you agree with their terms? Except that that part is only about things you truly can't change, - which isn't applicable to a lot of bitching, since people rarely bitch about things they can't change. If you enjoy this, I recommend watching the following BBC Horizon documentary, "Do you know what time it is?" http://www.youtube.com/view_play_list?p=B6BE0700688DBF9D If I may ask a related question, I recently read the book "The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality", which is targeted to an audience of non-specialists too. Do you happen to know it, and do you happen to have an opinion about the accuracy of it? It appears to be genuinely accurate, but I have reference to know this is true. From http://www.amazon.com/Fabric-Cosmos-Space-Texture-Reality/dp... : "Assuming an audience of non-specialists, Greene has set himself a daunting task: to explain non-intuitive, mathematical concepts like String Theory, the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, and Inflationary Cosmology with analogies drawn from common experience. For the most part, he succeeds." (Disclaimer: I'm that friend) I'm pretty conservative about this, since it's hard to completely oversee the influence it has on a community (Slashdot's tag system comes to mind). While the need of categories/tags is already illustrated with the "Ask HN:" in this title, it does raise a few concerns: - it puts an extra burden on the submitter, do we really want that ? - is there enough content on HN to justify a category system at all ? - what if someone submits content in the wrong category, how should we deal with that? should the mods deal with this, thus adding an extra burden on the mods too? - what if an article belongs to multiple categories? All in all, doesn't it create more problems than it actually solves? I agree, - to name an example, "be yourself" has to do with social situations, if it were about happiness "accept yourself for who you are" would have been more appropriate. This argument is based on false assumptions. Funding your content through advertising is hugely inefficient. Of the people who visit your site, usually only a tiny proportion click on (or notice) an advert, and only a tiny proportion of those then spends any money. This assumes that just viewing an advertisement doesn't create value for an advertiser. It does. Look at the average TV channel or print magazine for evidence. I’ve heard Google pass as little as one twelfth onto the publisher in some cases While I'm not sure about Google, I do know that most display advertising networks pay their publishers around 30% - 50% of the gross income. But seriously, advertising is a broken method of paying for stuff. If we could unobtrusively pay for content on the Internet, I’m sure enough people would do so to more than cover costs of production. While I agree that there is probably a decent community of people that would probably pay for content online, I'm not convinced that this would be true for most people. Sites that offer a subscription to get rid of the ads, usually have very few subscribers. People simply like free stuff, and don't like to pay for content. Now this could indeed be due to the payment model, I'm not sure; maybe something facebook-connect-like for paid content would work, but I'm still not convinced that a large enough base of people would actually pay the same money as they're generating in advertising value, to make this work. Let's take a few very large sites, and imagine what would happen if they went to a payment supported revenue model, instead of advertising supported. Let's say, Google or CNN. What would happen if they started putting up a paywall? Would people really start paying for those services, or would they simply move to a competing site, which is ad-supported and for free? I'm willing to bet most people would go for the last option. People just don't mind ads as much as they mind paying for stuff. (Disclaimer: I work in online ads.) Yep. I recently saw the lighting setup of one of my favorite cooking websites, FXcuisine.com: http://fxcuisine.com/zoom-image.asp?image=http://images.fxcu... It's amazing how professional it looks, but then again, the pictures always look delicious. You're forgetting the fact that there's already a very active market of addons for Microsoft Office applications. While searching for a new hosting provider a few months ago, I had a few (on-site) conversations with Leaseweb in The Netherlands too. I can confirm they seem to be nice people (although we decided to go with another company). Like many people here, I search, perhaps, hundreds of times per day. (Hmm, that's a stat I should keep) Don't worry, Google already does that for you: https://www.google.com/history/ [..] and they reply saying 'It sounds interesting, but I don't have time for it unfortunately.' Thereby implying that you are lazy, and they are busy. Don't assume they're implying you're lazy, it could very well be a way of telling you that they don't find it that interesting without being rude. Besides, what's wrong with having different interests? Isn't it normal that one person finds something more interesting than the other, and therefore is willing to spend more of his spare time on it? That doesn't imply one is more lazy than the other, that just means they have different passions. While I agree that the per-user karma is worthless, comparing the rating of comments with the rating of stories is a bit like apples and oranges: multiple users can submit the same story, and when one submission "wins" over the other, little harm is done to the whole of HN. But when a comment is downvoted solely because people disagree with it, it hurts the discussion because the well constructed comment is less likely to be seen. Furthermore, this works both ways: snarky comments with little added value suddenly get a lot of appearance. It's a very difficult problem to solve, but to just "not give a hoot" is hard, given the fact that the order of appearance for comments on HN depends so much on karma. I don't think you understand my point: I agree that per-user karma records are worthless. However, I am not convinced that there is little to lose with bad comment ratings, since HN bases the appearance of comments on these ratings. Well, you can already do something like that, just a little slower (which gives you more time to appreciate the landscape changing): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans-Siberian_Railway It essentially connects Vladivostok with Europe, going through countries like North Korea and China, making the railway even larger than the railway proposed in this article. Hmmm, now I might be completely ignorant, but care to explain why? As far as I understood, the train splits in China with a connection to Pyongyang. Only 481 for the literal "dead simple" match: http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=%22dead+simple%22+s... Still a lot, but not nearly as much. I'm getting more and more annoyed by these kind of articles. Why are people talking about NoSQL and relational databases as if they're solving the same problems? There is no "NoSQL" mindset to fight against, and there is no "RDBMS" mindset to fight against: the only mindset to fight against, is a mindset that says a silver bullet exists. Perception is also a factor: if you charge a premium price, people will assume you are the premium product. If you were the only person using the public roads, I wouldn't see a problem with it; the problem is that other people are using the roads too, and at that point, you're putting those people at risk. Yes, I was confused there for a minute, thinking it was about a new type of IP-based online ad provider. 2) It has no persistence. Isn't persistence achieved when you use a Broker architecture, which is supported by ZeroMQ? Since they name it "Real time DART data", I suppose it's about DART, which is the name of their adserving platform. One can only assume it's about their entire adserving platform. Well, they could also have been using unsalted hashes, and they're afraid someone might use a rainbow table to find out the original password. Still bad, but not nearly as bad. I'm not sure whether it's more readable though, which imho is more important. Exactly. I assumed that meta-ignorance would be about not realizing that not having the information about something is making you ignorant, but instead the author just gives examples of being ignorant. It's kind of ironic actually. What we're doing is this: when doing upgrades that actually changes the data model, they go in two phases: * First, an upgrade that understands the old model and the new model, internally uses the new model, and writes in the old model. This means that this new version is 100% compatible with the old version. We launch new services, test them, add them to the load balancer, and remove the old services from the loadbalancer. * Secondly, a new update is launched: this one is almost the same as the previous version, except that it writes its data in the new model too. The same process with launching new services and adding to the load balancer is repeated. Using this two-phase upgrade has the major advantage that you're always running the new services next to an old version that is completely compatible, data-model-wise, and thus allows you to do an emergency rollback to a previous version if required. The trick with adding to the load balancer also ensures that no downtime is experienced for the clients. All this requires quite a bit of work (especially since you need to deploy multiple releases), so it depends on how much zero-downtime upgrades are worth to you. IMHO there would be only one thing that makes sense: money earned. Because it forces one to think things through instead of using trial and error. Those points do not refute the argument that the Chinese government might go after the employees, and Google is being careful with that. Google's position in China is sensitive given the things that happened there in the past months, and I can imagine they don't want to fuel the fire any more than necessary. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1272569 (I know it only takes 2 clicks to see the source, but how many people check out the source code of every page we see through the day ?) The same kind of people that go hunting for credit card numbers online? Who says you can't start a startup after completing college? And on top of that, I'm pretty sure webkit infringes at least some patents too, which is used as an example of Apple supporting and contributing to open source. So he's using double standards again. Just curious, but what's the business model behind embed.ly? How does one generate revenue from such a service? I would even hesitate calling it a master's degree. I did a bachelor in software engineering, and this is exactly the kind of stuff we had to learn. I did an internship working on speech recognition, and we worked on exactly the statistical relations between words as you describe it. "Rest in peas" is a perfect example of a sentence that would have been corrected. I was confused for a moment, there's already a C HTTP server library called Mongoose: http://code.google.com/p/mongoose/ It is beneficial for a translator to rate similar translators negatively, especially with languages for which very few translators exist (for example, my native language Dutch has 5 translators at the moment), which creates a new problem. You'll probably get the best quality by letting N translators translate a certain text, and let another translator select the best match, all anonymously of course. Are any HN'ers already using Wave to collaborate within their team? If so, for what purposes, and would you mind to describe your workflow? Well you do talk a bit about fights becoming more structured, but I get the impression that you're talking about "emotionally engaged" discussions there. That still doesn't completely answer the question how it avoids race conditions and the likes without locking. Assume I'm executing multiple long-running transactions, each hitting and modifying a lot (millions) of different objects. How are race conditions avoided in this case ? One engine that distributes and coordinates work plans for the other engines sounds nice, but does this essentially mean that only one of these transactions is able to run at the same time, even when they could be running concurrently when using locking? http://www.iconfinder.com/ allows you to filter on commercial use. Adsense uses behavioral targeting, of which a part is based on the search queries you enter into Google (as in, when you're searching for "christmas toys" on Google, for a certain amount of time you become a hot target for relevant ads in Adsense). Other ad providers were able to mimic this by analyzing the referrer urls from which people were being redirected. This is not possible anymore. If Adsense doesn't disable this functionality, then Google is indeed acting anticompetitive. Apparently you're correct, I have looked up the privacy policy and was unable to find any indication they're using the keywords you're searching for for Adsense. I apologize for making wild claims. Exactly. It's not like BP suddenly is a different company; they're just experiencing some bad publicity, and have some costs for cleaning up an oil leak. Sure, that should make their company less valuable, but there's no way BP has suddenly shrunk 25%. So either they were overvalued before, are currently undervalued, or a combination of both. So what happens when a mailserver uses greylisting to filter spam ? Think of it the other way too: it allows the HTTP server to start writing the file to disk without having to completely load the file into memory. Ehrm, yes, you're correct, I wasn't fully awake yet. I apologize. I find this statement particularly interesting: For example, I think constructors and destructors are pretty easy and hard to misuse. Now, I am aware that the competence of the average GCC committer probably exceeds that of the average programmer, but still, constructors and destructors are easy to misuse: throwing an exception in the constructor comes to mind, in which case the destructor isn't called. Anything about C++ can be probably misused in the hands of the inexperienced. Other than that, I think this is a good move, and it'll be interesting to see how this develops. There probably are a lot of (heavy) opinions on this inside the GCC community, and it it'll be interesting to see which directions they choose to go. Yes, that would indeed be the case if they compiled with -fno-exceptions, which they just might do indeed, - otherwise, you can still cause exceptions to be thrown without using them yourself (for example, if you're out of memory, 'new Foo ()' causes a std::bad_alloc () exception to be thrown). And yes, I feel for the people in the GCC community that have to lead the team through this process of coming up with an acceptable policy most people agree with. I'm pretty sure it will be a challenging task with lots of egos colliding. The constructor might be partially executed before the exception is thrown (for example, allocated memory or locked resources), in which case those things don't get cleaned up. I'm not arguing it isn't correct behavior, it's just that things don't always seem as easy and straightforward as they look on first sight. You should randomize the list when you display it, to make it more fair for people who sign up late. A lot of entrepreneurs envy the Google founders, since they were regular engineers and, partially by accident, built a company that turned out to become billions of dollars. Some blog posts make use of this envy by giving tips on how to become the next Google, while in fact, it's just a cheap trick to get people's interest instead of actually giving tips on how to become the next Google: it's completely unrealistic. This cartoon makes fun of those blog posts. Maybe this is something that interests you: http://blog.boxedice.com/2010/02/28/notes-from-a-production-... I'm not 100% certain whether I like this. Consider the following concurrent pseudo-code: class A { public: void add () { // _v += "foo"; } std::string const get () { // return _v; } private: std::string _v; }; Now, if I launch multiple threads that call get () and add () at the same time, normally this would be thread-safe, if locking occurs. However, if I understood it correctly, get () can also return by reference, since it is const. Wouldn't this create race conditions? This article raises some fair points, but it comes off as a bit biased and compares extremes a few times. "Geographic Redundancy and Diversity The Cloud Way: The cloud out of the box gives you the power to instantiate your services in geographically diverse regions. The Traditional Data Center: To do the same with your own data centers is very costly / time consuming / resource intensive. " There are many ISP's that allow you to rent multiple servers spread across multiple datacenters. As a matter of fact, we are with an ISP that has 5 geographically separated datacenters and renting dedicated servers there. It's not that different from setting it up in the cloud, you run into the same hard problems: replication, master/slave, latency, split brain problems, etc. "Load Balancing & Basic Monitoring The Cloud Way: The cloud provides this at a basic level and gets you off the ground quickly. The Traditional Data Center: You don’t need to implement your own solution unless you really need to do some advanced loadbalancing for example." This is another thing that many regular hosting providers offer. Monitoring and load balancing is not something that's unique to clouds. All in all, while I agree that in some situations, a cloud offers you more possibilities to easily achieve high availability, some of the hardest problems remain unsolved. When you actually want very high availability and consistency across multiple geographically separated locations, cloud or no cloud, it's still going to be incredibly hard to solve. iAds is the new mobile advertising platform from Apple. See: http://advertising.apple.com/ I don't see this feature yet, is it perhaps enabled for a select number of accounts? > To anyone who has tasted real cheese, it's just bizarre. And even in Europe, "real" cheese isn't real anymore. Back in the day, cheese usually had those big holes in it, - they were caused by pro biotic bacteria, while the cheese was aging. However, due to these holes, the transportation of cheese became less efficient, the sizes became unpredictable and therefore the cheeses became harder to stack. So, nowadays, most big producers of cheese perform a heating process to kill all bacteria, getting rid of one of the few things that were actually healthy of cheese. http://www.food-info.net/uk/dairy/cheese-production.htm It's like telling your kids you don't have to smoke to be cool, while smoking daily yourself. It's not very convincing, but not hypocritical either. actually there was multi-threading, using sort of kick-based synchronisation primitive I think they actually used an actor-based threading model. The ability to write code in a complex manner is not the same as a complex language. I can write completely incomprehensible PHP code too, that doesn't mean PHP is a complex language. It means I'm a bad coder (in that language). I don't have anything useful to add what others have not said before, but this I deeply recognize: "It's not enough for me to just exist. I feel a deep desire to build, to create, to learn, to teach, and as the weeks and months drag by with no discernible progress made on many of these fronts, my agitation grows." I suggest you read Symposium by Plato, especially the part where Socrates has his word. Although it was only a small part of the many things that helped me get over this, it is one of the most concrete things I can suggest. While Symposium actually goes deep into the subject of love, part of the point Socrates tries to make (or rather, Diotima of Mantinea via Socrates) is that humans have a deep desire to immortalize themselves by procreation, be it with arts, poetry, fame or life. While on the subject, possibly Alcibiades I by Plato might be an even better read. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Alcibiades If science has taught us one thing, it's that almost always, what once looked like a solid theory, is found to be way more subtle and complex in a later stage. In addition to this, it's almost impossible to prove something in physics. You can use deduction to support your theory, but you can't prove it in the same way that you can formulate a mathematical proof. That's why it's called a theory: because it's not a proven fact. However, to make claims like "the universe will always be here, it has always been here, it cannot go away" because otherwise it would violate the first law of thermodynamics is just as bad. The second law of thermodynamics has been haunted by Maxwell's demon for at least a century, and although it does appear to be safe at this point, I wouldn't be surprised if all of this would be proven to be more complex in the future. So, while you're correct for doubting the big bang theory for too much scientific faith, you might as well put a lot more doubt in other areas as well. A lot of physics is built around faith. I meant faith as in, "I have faith in the economy". I think we all know that proofs are a central part of every field of science. But history has shown that a lot of laws were discovered to be wrong (or incomplete) in the past. Things like the laws of gravity by Newton come to mind. People had a lot of faith in those laws, we're able to send rockets to the moon based on those calculations, but still Einstein managed to show that everything is a lot more complex with his theory of relativity. "First off, I didn't insult you by name right? Which means I didn't insult _you_ I insulted your ideologies." I speak for myself, not for the supposed audience you're alienating, but I simply do not like your tone. That doesn't mean i'm insulted or offended, but it simply means I don't like it when people feel the need to vent in such a harsh manner. Having said that, I do respect you for putting your money where your mouth is. I think you are talking about this NYT column: "The Men Who Stare at Screens", http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/14/phys-ed-the-men-who... HN discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1514818 It's not a lot of money when you're running a benchmark on EC2 or something. A few dollars for a bunch of instances for a few hours. Besides, that way you have a kind of neutral frame of reference on the performance. What if you're making a product that caters to enterprises? "I dunno, no one made them set out the promises they chose to make, that was their own decision." Some people have a lot of problems dealing with peer pressure, and are willing to make promises because they think that's what people expect of them, not necessarily because they're convinced they can actually deliver. Sure, they could have chosen not to make those promises, but you have to put it into context. "If any group of people should be able to give a company like Wakemate some slack, it's HN." I'm really surprised by a lot of HN'ers reactions on this Wakemate thing indeed. What is it that makes many HN'ers so upset about this? What makes this so different than, for example, the Diaspora guys, who generally get sympathy from the HN community? A friend of mine suffers from MS about 20 years and currently is in the later stages of the disease. She heard about this last year, she was indeed diagnosed with a venous insufficiency, and actually had the "liberation procedure" done by dr. Zamboni himself. She hasn't seen a single improvement since the operation (5 months ago). I personally find this one of the most inspiring pieces i've recently read, and I think it's of interest to a lot of HN'ers. "Can anything be sillier than the point of view of certain people—I mean those who boast of their foresight? They keep themselves very busily engaged in order that they may be able to live better; they spend life in making ready to live! They form their purposes with a view to the distant future; yet postponement is the greatest waste of life; it deprives them of each day as it comes, it snatches from them the present by promising something hereafter." That is something that's stuck in my head ever since. Related to http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1601281 http://pastie.org/private/wdxy6okmfffj33ygs4m1xq Not only are there multiple paths to becoming good, but "good" depends entirely on the requirements. In a start-up, a good programmer often is a programmer that has the ability to complete requirements as fast as possible. You don't want a start-up developer writing 10 lines of code a day on average while being on the hunt for the "best" solution, if there even exists such a thing. It all totally depends on context, and these articles always use the context from which the author is biased. Honestly, I'd like to know, can ANYONE explain that? The only thing I can think of is that reviewing or purchasing through ITMS requires more active engagement, instead of the more passive scrobbling. Of course this engagement requires more effort, but they want people to purchase through iTunes and review things in ITMS anyway, perhaps they like to provide an extra incentive to do so, and at the same time make you more loyal to ITMS instead of other competitive music stores online? I'm not sure I would've made the same decision (realizing that people are lazy by nature and want their music profile to be built automatically), but these are the only arguments I can think of. After some quick googling, I found more references to this claim, but only in comments on articles: http://www.networkworld.com/community/node/37608 : "The use of a corporate jet is often required by corporate policy intended to protect the executive from the threat of violence or abduction. " http://www.swamppolitics.com/news/politics/blog/2008/11/auto... : "Most corporate CEOs in companies with corporate jets are REQUIRED to use those jets as their ONLY mode of travel, as per the insurance requirements of being the Chief Executive Office and Chairman of a Publicly Traded Company.". I don't get it. They were using Map/Reduce as a way to build the index, which they were able to query in mere milliseconds. This article claims that in order to facilitate Google Instant, they had to ditch the Map/Reduce-oriented updating of the index. How are these mutually exclusive? If you look at quotes like these: "Goal is to update the search index continuously, within seconds of content changing, without rebuilding the entire index from scratch using MapReduce." To me, this seems as if this change has nothing to do with Google Instant. This has more to do with being able to respond instantly to new content, instead of being able to query the index quickly. It sounds like they added support for distributed stored procedures on top of BigTable, which reminds me a bit of the way MongoDB implemented Map/Reduce. But I bet that they in no way at all have dumped Map/Reduce. Can't this information be derived from http://hackernewsers.com/pages/map.html ? But how is this so different from the index servers? No map/reduce was required to lookup a query in the index servers, it was only used to /build/ to index servers. I can see that this new method allows for more rapid modifications of the index servers, but I don't see how it is related to Google Instant. Furthermore, if you look up an article TFA links to: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/09/09/google_caffeine_expl... , you see quotes like this: "Google distinguished engineer Ben Gomes told The Reg that Caffeine was not built with Instant in mind, but that it helped deal with the added load placed on the system by the "streaming" search service. "Lipkovitz makes a point of saying that MapReduce is by no means dead. There are still cases where Caffeine uses batch processing, and MapReduce is still the basis for myriad other Google services. " I can't wait for the technical papers on Caffeine either, but to me it does not seem related to Google Instant in many ways, it's just part of Google's desire to be able to respond more rapidly to changing content on the internet. Which is totally OK with me. But then people shouldn't claim they dumped Map/Reduce in order to implement Google Instant. That can only be a downfall if the FB "Open Graph" becomes the key to Facebook's long-term success, - it isn't, yet. "I have almost no problems with people who smoke weed every once in a while, just as I don't have problems with people who go to the pub sometimes or with people who drink the odd coffee. I do sincerely have problems with people who smoke pot every other night, or every time they hang out with people, or every time they get even a little stressed." But why do you have problems with that? It appears to me as if have problems with other people who don't fit into your personal view of how one should lead its life. Or is this the only thing? I personally can completely understand that you don't see the added value for yourself, but I don't get the part where you have an irrational hatred of smoking. It seems like you want to restrict others the choice of leading their lives the way they see fit, without harming others. Do you have this irrational hatred in other areas too? What do you think about lazy people, for example? Or people who have other religious views than yourself? From the article: "At what karma level can I downvote articles ? There is no karma level that I know of that will allow you to downvote articles." and "What [karma] does give you is that at some point you can downvote other comments and it gives you the ability to flag posts." In other words, you can't downvote articles, ever, and you can downvote comments after a certain karma threshold has been reached. > Adding an accept option would only add an unnecessary layer without changing much. How about making a privacy option that allows you to set whether you automatically opt-in into groups or whether you want to be asked for a confirmation? I don't know about you, but I want to be in control of which groups I join, even if only my friends are able to force-join me. Do you also hate people who voluntarily kill their own brain cells using other means, or in any other ways damage their own body ? This was asked 2 weeks ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1842289 It depends on many factors what the optimal number of concurrent builds is, but the bottom line is that you want to maximize your CPU utilization and minimize context switching. If you think that one extra concurrent job is enough to fill CPU utilization in the time that other jobs are blocking on iowait, then you are fine. So, bottom line, factors to think about: - your i/o throughput for writing the generated object files; - the complexity of the code being compiled, - template-rich C++ code has a lot higher CPU usage versus i/o ratio - the amount of cores in your system Yep, we have them over here too in The Netherlands. This roundabout in my hometown scores very high on my dangerous-situations-you-rather-avoid list: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/KeizerKar... Traffic lights for getting on and off the roundabout, and traffic that enters the roundabout actually has precedence over traffic that's already on it, contrary to common roundabout rules. Lots of accidents happen because of it, and I have no idea what made people think this was a good idea.