Padmapper (and 3taps) don't scrape craigslist though. They get all info from public sources such as search engine caches. I'm assuming the URL is supposed to automatically update to 'save' my changes, but it's not happening in my Firefox 18.0.1. Hmm, nor in IE9, although I notice the default text is completely different. Is there a save button I'm somehow not seeing? Also in IE9 I get this JS error: SCRIPT438: Object doesn't support property or method 'atob' editor.js, line 161 character 3, which prevents any of the controls from functioning. Awesome idea, but all it ever gives me is a loading bar. shapecatcher.com/engine/recognize eventually returns "504 Gateway Time-out" Perhaps I'm the exception, but I regularly use the related posts and even occasionally the 'temporal navigation' features of blogs I find via HN and other such sources. I know they wrote at least one good article, so I'm happy to spend a bit of time looking for more. So personally, I hope no one writing decent content takes this advice. Your title is one example of how not to launched a successful product. OK, it's 4am, so presumably part of my brain is asleep, but I'm missing something here. If the latencies were unconstrained, I would agree that it is impossible to solve the initial riddle. However, since it states that there are only two possibilities, 2s:2s or 3s:1s, it sure seems solvable to me. You have two equations and three variables, but you don't need to solve for the three variables. You can eliminate the skew and end up with a single equation and two variables - the two latencies. That allows you to solve for the difference between the latencies. And since the possibilities are constrained, that is sufficient to solve the problem. Of course, in a real world scenario the possible latencies would not be discrete, so indeed the problem would not be solvable. But that's not how it was presented. So either the puzzle was poorly constructed as an analogy for the real-world scenario, or (more likely) my sleepy brain is missing something fundamental. Somebody help me out. Ah yes, and looking at it in the morning, my resulting single equation is degenerate. I had a sign wrong last night, which suggested I'd solved for the difference between the two latencies. Actually (of course) I'd solved for the sum of the two latencies, which as the article mentioned, is all you can really determine. facepalm The first comment there (by Leslie Wheeler) summarizes the ridiculousness nicely: "We may have an early candidate for Worst Illinois Senate Bill of 2013. First of all, Illinois does not have jurisdiction over the entirety of the internet. Illinois has jurisdiction over Illinois. Geographical location isn't all that important to the web hosting industry - for the most part, a datacenter in Chicago is just as good as one in, say, Dallas or Seattle. This means that the only thing this bill would actually succeed in doing is driving internet-related business (both individual online businesses, as well as the infrastructure that supports them, ie, webhosting companies and datacenters) out of the state. Good job representing our interests there, Ira. More importantly, though, this is plainly unconstitutional. It's absolutely embarrassing that any elected representative of US citizens would suggest that there should be a host of state-defined rules that must be met before one is allowed to exercise their first amendment right to free speech. Just for funsies, here's what SCOTUS thought of anonymous speech in McIntyre V. Ohio Elections Commission: 'Protections for anonymous speech are vital to democratic discourse. Allowing dissenters to shield their identities frees them to express critical minority views... Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority.... It thus exemplifies the purpose behind the Bill of Rights and of the First Amendment in particular: to protect unpopular individuals from retaliation... at the hand of an intolerant society.'" When they're adequately backed up, as in this circumstance, why not? Send the data in triplicate if you want, just to avoid the hassle of re-sending any that get damaged. Regardless, the cost would be trivial, even for young-Google. Originally was going to chastise you for typing your actual passwords into a random demo version that could have been modified in whatever way. But since it's all js I guess it's a simple matter to verify it's not transmitting anything. Although I guess it could be some really devious thing where it saves the info in a cookie to be snagged later or some such. Did you check the JS code? ;) Appears it's been un-fixed again. Not only are new results once again not being indexed, but the ones from that brief period of time when it appeared fixed have been removed. Very thought-provoking. Helps to set speaker volume to a comfortable level at the start then leave it there as you explore (it quickly becomes uncomfortable). This comment on the article (from a person with clinical autism) sums it up well: "It's not that life looks like this, it's that life feels like this ." Hmm.. As a site owner I try not to jump to conspiracy conclusions, as I've certainly been on the receiving end of enough of them due to random coincidences and such. That said, this does indeed seem odd. Did you try posting a question in their forums about it? I'm surprised there are no bids yet. There's always someone willing to take these things on, impossible as they obviously are. Question: Do 4th Amendment rights apply only to US citizens? Or would this ruling apply equally to, say, Canadians crossing the border into the US? Answer: Looks like it applies equally to non-citizens. Will feel better about bringing my laptop across the border now. https://ssd.eff.org/your-computer/govt/fourth-amendment For some reason my brain interpreted the white queen as black. The 'right' move was still obvious since white only had a rook and pawns besides the invisible queen, but it took me way too long to see why it was a checkmate! I've been reading too much HN. For a good 4 second my brain interpreted Apply as made up app-maker startup domain name type thing. App.ly! Does Feedly have a web-based client? I'm looking for something to recommend to users at www.searchtempest.com. Many of them have never used (or even heard of) RSS before, so simplicity is key. It's really amazing how little attention the Google problem is getting so far. It seems like most people search, see some posts in the past few minutes and some in February, and totally miss the fact that there's nothing in-between! 'They' craigslist, or SearchTempest? I can't do anything about the former, but I might be able to for the latter! :) (Our blog, certainly, could use an overhaul, but there's never a time when I would prefer to do that than work on the site itself!) The most common reasons are that you want to search multiple cities at the same time, or that you want to use advanced logical operators. The nice thing about SearchTempest (in my obviously biased opinion) is that you can set a radius to only search nearby cities, rather than the shotgun approach of googling (or binging) everywhere. Looks like it's probably a bug: http://productforums.google.com/d/msg/websearch/p6VbIaBkbWA/... We do. First off, the reason that's happening is that Bing (and Google before it) indexes craigslist pages, but has no way of knowing immediately when a previously-existing page disappears. They obviously can't be continually spidering every single page on the site to see if it's still there, and while craigslist could notify search engines of deleted posts, they have no incentive to do so. Some searches tend to have more expired posts than others, but if you find they're a problem, we have a couple of alternatives. For searches across the whole country, the best option is RSS feeds. (Too bad 'RSS is dying' and all... ;) ) You can run any search on SearchTempest and click the 'Get Feeds for this search' link to grab an OPML file of all the craigslist results RSS feeds matching your search, within the search radius you specified. Import that file into a folder in your favorite RSS reader, and you've got a convenient, auto-updating feed of new results for your search, straight from craigslist. The other alternative is our Direct Results mode. Basically that just opens up two windows: one for the results from craigslist, and one as an index to flip through cities. So you only see results for one city at a time, but can quickly flip through them with the 'Next' link. Obviously that can take a while for searches across the whole country though, so we recommend it more for smaller searches. Basically just a small optimization compared to manually opening up and pasting a search into a few separate CL cities directly. More info here: http://www.searchtempest.com/faq.php#deleted Ya, I did. Was hoping I'd missed it somehow. Looks like it's just Chrome, Firefox, iOS and Android. Great for you or I, but not for many of my users unfortunately. I almost think that should be the site's tagline. And you're welcome. I actually built it back in 2006, but it's evolved a fair bit since then! Thanks again to Matt Cutts for the detailed explanation! Original post was here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5378697 I'd say the chances are approximately zero. Reader was a niche product with a user base orders of magnitude smaller than GMail. Do you have any evidence that gmail ads aren't effective? Or that the other information Google gleans from it isn't valuable? Besides, even if it were profitable, it would obviously be PR suicide to shut it down. Hackers care about RSS, and can easily find another reader. Everyone cares about gmail. I found that Smart Car bit in general pretty bang on! It's also interesting the things we take for granted now that were missed completely. One I noticed everywhere was wireless communication. (Plugging your key card in to the wall and the car rather than near field communication, plugging the iphone into the desk rather than just using bluetooth (or forget about the desk comp entirely and connect to the cloud), etc.) Edit: Actually, at the end he uses a remote control to turn off the lights and lock the doors... so I guess that's another example of failing to grok the implications! Still, interesting in general. Some of the things we don't have yet - like the high-tech schools - look like pretty clear areas for improvement. Although I do have a home robot that vacuums my floors... No. Did I say that? Hey, I own www.searchtempest.com and www.autotempest.com. And we're actually in Victoria, BC! I expect I could find something for you to do for a day or three if you're interested. Could even have lunch or something if you want to take the ferry over. Feel free to email me through one of our sites' contact pages. For the first issue, you might check out newsblur. Basically solves the clicking through to the original issue perfectly. The second I completely agree with you on. Even these cool readers that prioritize stuff you're most likely to read, by necessity, keep track of what's read and unread, and I get exactly that same itch that I need to stay on top of everything. It's completely artificial and almost ridiculous, but there it is. And I can't imagine how a reader could solve that problem without creating the even worse worry of missing things. (Which ironically evaporates when you don't use a reader and therefore no longer expect not to miss anything.) Perhaps there is a novel solution there though, waiting to be discovered. For the long version of this post, read Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People . Ah, just realized since craigslist sites are all subdomains on the same domain, they might well fit within the free limit for newsblur. Went to confirm that and found this: "Due to overwhelming demand, free accounts are temporarily suspended. By going premium you get full access to NewsBlur." Certainly understandable, but disappointing. What if you just want to use it as a reader and are happy with pasting in feed urls manually? I'm sure they will come out with a premium version or some such eventually. If you were Feedly would you really turn down the opportunity provided here just because you can't immediately monetize the new users? Not sure about .NET, but you have to prompt at load for Java. Your app can continue to run in a degraded manner if permissions are not granted however. Anyway, this is why it's a shame Feedly doesn't offer a non-extension version. One would hope it's something they have planned. Offer the extension for those who want the additional features and are ok with the permissions, and the web app for the rest (and for the convenience of access anywhere, cross-platform). As far as I can tell there's no way to import an OPML file, which is my entire use case. Am I missing it? Also just FYI, after signing up, I'm booted back to the sign-in form with no indication of whether the signup was successful or what; I actually assumed it had failed. Right, even removing that flaw would make it closer to two hours than 20 minutes (although half that to get in on average). Significantly less if you leave finger smudges on the keys though. That said, agreed with the above: anywhere someone fiddling with the lock for 20 minutes would go unnoticed, a brick would go unnoticed too. I highly doubt a car has even been stolen through hacking the keypad lock in this manner. Diversification and multiple pots seems like the best reasonable option. At the very least, one's investment portfolio should be internationally diversified. If you were really concerned, actually holding a portion of those assets in an offshore account might make sense. Regardless, rather than trying to protect all assets, the goal would be to maximize the chances that you would always be left with at least a sufficient amount. Yes, but aside from the word 'short', it fits perfectly. If parent can't remember any details, it's possible they misremembered the length. A tad off topic, but I'm hoping the fastest way to get an answer: How does one move or delete multiple feeds at once in newsblur? There must be a way to do this, right? Say I import 100 feeds from an OPML file, then realize I actually want them all in a folder. At the moment the only way I can figure out how to do that is to click on each feed, click move to folder, click the folder dropdown box, click the folder I want, click save. Times 100. Or I can save one click each by deleting them all then re-importing. But there must be a faster way. (In Google Reader settings, one could filter all folders with a keyword pattern, and bulk move.) Indeed, I have often wondered at the fact that elevator movements in most (all?) locations appear to be basically un-optimized, when it would clearly not be difficult to do so. If you don't have a business at all, its efficiency is somewhat irrelevant. Not all startups can bootstrap their way up from nothing; some do require initial capital. FYI, your right sidebar overlaps the footer when you scroll down. From the comments: "This question is becoming quite the rep factory." That pretty much sums it up! Hmm.. that would be helpful. Unfortunately it looks like there are some bugs to iron out. Twice in a row now, I've created a folder, then in the folder menu got to add feeds to that folder, imported an opml file, and... the folder disappears and the feeds go into the root. It's nearly infinitely divisible, so not really limited as a medium of exchange. Sounds like it already does kind of do that. From StavrosK above: "It maps multiple emails to the same identity, in that you use the same password to log in with all of them. The end site gets the email you log in to the site with (I can log in to Persona with email A but let all sites know email B every time." So based on that, if you want to expose three different identities to 3 different sites, you can set up Persona to do that automatically, without having to remember the separate emails and passwords you used for each one. I guess the only problem would be if you needed multiple separate logins to the same site, but unless it's your own site, presumably that should be rare. I have recently been converted to the joy of filling in credit card details (and address and phone number and...) with LastPass' form fill function. I previously had my CC details memorized for similar reasons, but I didn't realize just how much time I was wasting typing this stuff in over and over until it was magically done for me. And since security is what LastPass does , I have no problem with having their extension save my CC info in a secure manner. If a user returns relatively quickly they generally remember how they logged in. The problem is when they come back after some months. At that point, they've probably completely forgotten how they logged in, and have cleared their cookies for some reason or another. It's a standard troubleshooting suggested by many websites. (Not saying it should be so, but it is.) Here's a great comparison of the old and new fee structures: http://ebaystrategies.blogs.com/ebay_strategies/2013/03/part... While it does probably amount to an increase overall, there are certainly plenty of situations where the fees will be lower. And without doubt, they are now far simpler than before, which is important. Being able to quickly determine what it will cost to sell an item on eBay may well make casual sellers more likely to do so, even if they end up paying slightly more on average than with the complex rules. My thoughts exactly. This looks like a less feature-rich Yahoo Pipes. Plus, Pipes has YQL as a fallback for even more advanced operations. Perhaps it wins on simplicity for new users? Yahoo Pipes is pretty simple though. Agree with you there. Presumably eBay is looking for more volume of the smaller stuff, which would fit with the theme of strengthening competition with Amazon. For the larger stuff, they don't have as strong a competitor (outside local options like craigslist), so they probably figure they can afford to boost their margins, and bundling it in with a 'simplification' and cuts elsewhere is a convenient time to do it. You could get a quick start worldwide by accepting Bitcoin, then add alternate payment methods later. While I agree that the result in this case was extreme, it seems that the article does point out the distinction, which is whether the person behind the tech is directly aware that it will be used for . In this particular case, I could see how there's a strong argument that he was. I mean, when he saw the $800k, honestly, he _did_ know it was related to drugs. He made the choice to continue. Should he have been charged as a conspirator and ultimately sentenced to 24 years? Not in my opinion! But he wasn't completely blameless either. Exactly, this. Creating Tor is like the general practice of building these traps as a business. Traps have both legal and illegal uses, and you have no way of knowing what will happen with each trap after you build it. No problem there. The problem is when that service is provided directly to someone known to be using it for an illegal purpose. In the case of Tor, it is not provided directly to anyone, but rather available freely to everyone. Now, say Tor came with home installations of the client, and the client mentions to the installer that now he's got a great way to buy drugs anonymously on SR. That would be a problem. "Or the clothes that you are wearing, it could be created for smothering people..." It's not about whether it could be created for smothering people. If you're a tailor, and someone says to you, "I need a special kind of jacket with a loop like this that I can use to strangle people with,"* and you make that for them, then yes, you are liable when they indeed use it for that purpose! As for who decides whether the creator knew it would be used for an illegal purpose, that would be the jury. If before there was an internet, a terrorist group approached a technologist and described a network that they required to better organize terror plots, then YES, that person should be held accountable for the uses the group puts it to, even if it eventually has positive consequences as well. On the other hand, if a person makes and distributes anything, dangerous or not, with a legitimate use case in mind, they should absolutely be held blameless if it is then used by someone else to commit a crime. *Assuming of course that a "reasonable person" would actually believe the person was indeed going to do that, since it comes across as pretty bizarre... The question is whether a "reasonable person" would believe the money was related to illegal activity. While he may have not known so beyond any doubt, my opinion is that a reasonable person would believe so, based on the money and the actions of the truck's owners. And in fact, Anaya himself admitted that he had suspicious about its origin. Only if the cryptographers provide their tools or services directly to people they believe to be using them for illegal purposes. If they simply provide them freely to everyone, it is no problem, since there are obviously perfectly legitimate uses for cryptography as well. IF a handgun maker (or distributor) sells a gun to someone who they know or have strong reason to suspect will use that gun to commit a crime, then YES, they should be held accountable. Ditto for all those other examples. Otherwise, they're fine. If they have no idea what a person will do with the gun, that's ok. In this case, according to the jury (likely influenced by a prosecution that was superior in quality to the defense, yes), Anaya DID have reason to believe that his product would be used in an illegal act, and therefore he should not have provided it. And indeed, the jury got it right there, because he himself admits that he believed, or at least strongly suspected, that the F150 trap was used for illegal activity. Again, I'm not saying that the punishment was in any way reasonable; just that the maker of any sort of tool should indeed be held accountable if they provide that tool specifically for illegal use. Wow. Indeed, that's a pretty clear pattern. Looks like she spends her time looking for ridiculous things to get deeply offended by. Glad I saw this. We've got a team of three at SearchTempest and have been communicating almost entirely by email and gchat thus far. Have been meaning to try something a bit more feature rich for a while. Was planning to check out Google Hangouts, but HipChat sounds ideal. Will give it a look. I think there are a few different issues here. First off, I agree with you that to be charged with conspiracy as Anaya was - in other words, to be equally responsible as if he had committed the crime himself, a more specific awareness should be required. However, I do believe that it should not simply be OK to provide a tool to someone in full knowledge that they will use it to commit a crime. Perhaps more granularity needs to exist in the law for these cases. (Or maybe it even does exist, but was not well applied in this case, possibly due to a poor defense. IANAL.) Finally, there is the issue of arbitrary and unjust laws concerning technology. I do not disagree with you there at all, but it is a separate issue. It doesn't make sense to say, "It's OK to help people break laws, but only the unjust ones." Instead, the unjust laws themselves should be challenged. Obviously I don't like to see anyone go to jail due to an unjust law, but that doesn't mean that other laws should be distorted to work around it. I've had one break exactly once over many years of use. As far as I can tell, there was nothing special about that time. So less than 2% in my case anyway, but not zero. 2% is low enough though that I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who have had zero breaks just due to randomness. Are there many porns that have 3-4 hour continuous takes? If not, there's nothing stopping them from replacing condoms between shots. I highly doubt most pornos are shot like reality TV. I assume it was intended to be sarcastic. If so, I would point out that better condoms -> more people wearing condoms -> less spread of disease and fewer unwanted pregnancies. Good things in Western Civilization, but even more important in developing countries. For prototype condoms, or in general? Presumably they would stress test in a simulated environment, as well as perform human tests with participants who do not require them to be effective. (IE using alternate methods of birth control and having been screened for STIs.) I would imagine they would use volunteers in committed relationships. Or are you asking specifically how one would go about testing a condom's effectiveness? OK, but what stops them from daily performing a mirror clone, checking it for consistency, then backing that up? As mentioned in the linked update, 30 complete backups would consume only 900GB, so you could keep weeks of daily backups, plus weekly and/or monthlies going back much further, for a terabyte of space. That way, in the worst case, you could go back to a backup before the corruption began. Obviously you would want to have plenty of safeguards in place so that that never happened, but just in case , it's good to have an honest to goodness backup too. PG investigated the same concept in more detail in this essay: http://www.paulgraham.com/swan.html That reminds me of a little experiment I did on omegle.com (text chat site). I asked random people this question: "Say you win a lottery, and as your prize you can either have $1M, or a (true) random amount between zero and $5M. Which would you choose?" Perhaps unsurprisingly, everyone picked the guaranteed million. What did surprise me was that changing the $5M to $50M still resulted in around 90% taking the $1M, and at no amount could I get a majority of people to choose the random option. At a guaranteed $1M versus zero to $100B, it was split about 50/50. Apparently even a one thousandth of a percent chance of earning less than $1M is enough for many people to "play it safe". Either that or 50% of people don't understand basic math. ;) Exactly. I mean, I assume people operated under the assumption that the risk was non-transferrable, so I can see the logic in taking $1M over 0-5. You're giving up some expected value in order to reduce risk. Especially when you take into account the diminishing marginal value of money, especially around the low to mid millions, it makes some sense. What doesn't, as you say, is considering a random amount between zero and 100 billion dollars in any way risky compared to $1M. You're probably more likely to take the $1M then to be struck by lighting than you are to take the random option and end up with less. (And even THEN, ending up with $900k isn't the end of the world, so the odds are even lower of a really unfortunate outcome.) So you're giving up an absolutely massive expected value in order to avoid a truly miniscule risk. This is risk-aversion at its most ridiculous IMO. They sure were big on flight and diving back in 1900-1910, weren't they? Understandable that flight was the most futuristic technology conceivable at the time, but I was surprised to see all the underwater stuff (although in retrospect it makes sense for the same reason). Makes me excited to think just how unbelievable 2100 will be from today's perspective. Or, with exponential growth of technology, say 2040. You really can't extrapolate, because it's the completely new things that will be really revolutionary. (Is that redundant?) But also, I find it pretty hard to imagine building a successful technical startup in this manner. Not saying there's no value to non-technical founders, but alone? How do you evaluate the quality of the outsourced work? Yes, this is what I was thinking. Obviously you don't have to know everything, but having at least a basic background seems valuable. Even knowing how to code I find it's hard enough to find good developers, especially freelance. Also, and perhaps most importantly, when I find a minor bug in my app, I can fix it myself and push an update immediately. If I relied on freelance developers, well, crap, it's Good Friday. So very least I'm waiting a few days. And then maybe my developer isn't available to drop everything and work on my project on Monday (or Tuesday)... One of the primary advantages of startups is their ability to react and adapt quickly; running a technical startup alone, without a technical background, appears to give up some of that advantage. I agree that the word 'technical' is somewhat of a meaningless catch-all. If I were starting a restaurant, I would want to know how to cook. To start an auto shop, I'd want some mechanical skill; a clothing boutique, some knowledge of fashion; and a software startup... the ability to code. Of course there are other skills - management, marketing, sales, etc. - that would also be helpful. But as a sole founder, while not critical, it seems extremely useful to have some degree of competence in the primary area of work for your business. In fact, were I planning to start a software company without yet knowing how to code, I think my first step would be to learn enough to build the alpha version (or depending on scope, a core component thereof) myself. Not only is having a specific goal the best way to learn, it would likely result in all kinds of insights into the planned business that just couldn't be gained by farming it out. (In fact, that's exactly what I did with SearchTempest, before eventually hiring a far better developer than myself! :) ) Exactly. Mapping it to another key makes way more sense than just disabling it entirely. To enable caps lock on the iPhone (which only has one shift), use the 'Enable caps lock' option in Settings/General/Keyboard. Then you can double-tap shift to turn on caps lock. I basically never use CL on a regular PC, since it's easier to just hold shift while you type the word most of the time. On an iPhone though, it's actually pretty useful at times. If the code is crap, that might explain why it gets thrown away over and over. In my experience, if code is well-written, it should pretty much always be possible to update, revamp, pivot, etc. Rewriting from scratch (especially repeatedly!) is a waste of time that a startup can't afford. Reminds me of this Joel Spolsky essay: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000069.html The focus being on people does not preclude writing good code. Reminds me of my grade 10 computer science teacher. This was in 1996, coding in qbasic iirc. Anyway, he was biiiiig on comments. Consistently the only marks lost on my submissions were for insufficient comments. But these grade 10 assignments were pretty simplistic. I mean, if the assignment is to print the numbers 1 to 10 on the screen, wtf are you supposed to comment? I eventually got a perfect score by inline commenting every fucking line of the program. Glad to see the article make the distinction between well written, well commented code, and over-commented code. Not once through high school or university was I taught the basic concept of 'comment the why '; the what should be self-explanatory. Very much agree with this. It seems like a sort of analysis paralysis that specifically affects some programmers. Reminds me of a HN post a while back actually by someone who was passionate about building games, but ended up generalizing into building game engine tools, then graphical tools, etc., eventually spending years building ever more general tools, without making any real progress toward his true goal. You can write your code with modularity in mind, without necessarily having to completely decouple and generalize everything. Once it becomes sufficiently beneficial for a particular module, the refactoring then shouldn't be too onerous. (Regardless, this 'beautiful code checklist' is fantastic.) Except for the one day a year bit, which is key. In fact, to all spammers: you can send me all the spam you want before noon on April 1, if you in turn agree to not send me any spam any other day of the year. That is an extremely cool idea. Why worry about setting the exchange rate yourself when you can let the market do it for you! Server's overloaded. Cached version here: https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:pSYnpq... Or put a chair or stool out in front of you and rest one leg on it. Try to take as much weight as possible with your arms, basically just resting your leg on the chair as opposed to actively pushing off against it. As your arms get stronger you'll naturally use the chair less until you can remove it entirely. Also nice to essentially do a pull-up strip set. (Get a few extra pull-ups in when your muscles are fatigued and can no longer lift your whole weight.) Hydrogen and Oxygen compress though, and are combined into water in the station's fuel cells. Note that he's not suggesting adding an acronym to his replies . He's suggesting adding VSRE to emails you send to someone if you expect they may be busy, and you only require a short reply. If they have time and feel like writing you a long reply anyway, no harm done, but if they recognize the acronym, they can go ahead and send you a quick note. I already do something like this regularly, but since there's no existing shorthand, it generally means adding something like, "I'm sure you must be busy, so if you literally want to just send a one or two word reply, that's no problem! Cheers." If there were a universally-known way to say that in 4 characters, it would make things a bit easier when both parties are busy. That said, you could also just use a macro to add the above to an email. The closest parallel to the OP's suggestion that comes to mind is adding (nt) to the subject line of an email if there is no text, saving the reader the time of opening the body of the email. (Although this is made obsolete by most modern email programs, which show previews.) That's a great point. While I can't see this catching on in the wider world, it could certainly be used in a small team, say at a startup. In fact, I think I'm going to pass it on to the other two devs on my team right now! My understanding was that the whole point of VSRE is to be respectful of your time. The idea is simply to let you know that there's no need to write them a long reply if you don't have the time. You're still welcome to do so if you wish. How is that disrespectful? Perhaps the acronym should've been something like VSRA (Accepted), or SROK (Short Reply OK) instead. Mass, yes, but saving volume is also beneficial. Is Xrecruting.com a typo in the blog post, or in the domain actually registered? No. For one thing, this ruling simply dealt with copyright claims. If you scrape a site you are subject to their terms of service, most of which prohibit scraping. So there would be contract and possibly even CFAA claims to deal with. Also, the specific reason the copyright claims were dismissed in this case is that craigslist does not have an exclusive license on its posts. If Hacker News' terms exclusively license comments (which I doubt, but I haven't checked), that would make this particular ruling less relevant. It is also possible that the comments' authors could make claims against you, should they wish to do so. Exactly. There was also speculation that they realized it could open them up to liability for the content of posts, which obviously they would not want. I don't know, but I suspect that they can. If I own some data, I should be able to give (or sell) it to you and not to someone else. That said, once I've given it to you, if you choose to give it to someone else, I have no claim against that someone (although I might against you, depending on our contract). That's the heart of 3taps' position as I understand it; they get craigslist post data from third party sources like search engines, instead of scraping craigslist, and so do not have a contract with craigslist. Keep in mind, from the judgement, section II Legal Standard: In determining facial plausibility, whether a complaint states a plausible claim is a “context-specific task that requires the reviewing court to draw on its judicial experience and common sense.” Id. at 679. Allegations of material fact are taken as true and construed in the light most favorable to the non-moving party. http://3taps.com/images/pics/430_138734862-Judge-rules-in-fa... So essentially these findings are made while reading all facts in the best possible light for craigslist. So it's not necessarily saying, for example, that the compilation is copyrightable - just that it is conceivable that it could be. Yes, you're right. What I meant to say was that only the copyright claims were ruled on, but even that is not strictly accurate. (And in fact, a conspiracy claim was also dismissed, so doubly inaccurate.) To clarify, my meaning was that among the various potential legal impediments to scraping and displaying website contents, this judgement would set precedent for copyright only, if anything. Possibly, but it wouldn't have the benefit of being 100% legal, as voidnull's solution appears to be. Also if Wordpress were to discover your fake info they might take your site down. This is what I had in mind; good old CFAA. Ditto for entering false info in moneygram. (Not commenting on whether these things should be illegal.) There's a post on the EFF blog regarding some other elements of the decision (particularly relating to exclusive copyright licenses and to the CFAA): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5641151 For me the key element of HN is discussion based on evidence and logic. By that definition (and most others), I consider bogleheads.org to be the best investment site out there. Looks like your last sentence answers your first. From their site: "While most of the components required are not immediately available with the exact specifications required, at this time, there is no need for radical modifications to the current component designs. All suppliers have confirmed their ability to build what is required--and they can do so now." So their meaning is that, while the specific stuff they need doesn't yet exist, the technology to create it exists. In other words, if the components were needed today, they could be built today, with existing ("validated") technology. Agreed that there's a non-trivial stretch from there to say the components themselves are validated. Wow, the comments on that blog make YouTube look like TED. Judging from them, you'd think the vast majority of the population were delusional conspiracy theorists and/or racists. This is great. Only downside is the limits and prices for the paid plans haven't changed. So before you could pay $5/month for 100GB of drive + 5GB free gmail; now $5/month gets you 100GB combined for both. Still, can't quibble too much over 5%. How about a paid feature to attach your own storage to Drive? Say $5/month, you specify ftp credentials (or sftp), and Drive automatically uses it as additional storage. Ideally you could choose folders that should always or never be stored on the external storage, and for anything else it would automatically push less-used stuff, like a swap. Seems like a win-win. Sure Google sells a bit less storage to advanced users, but many of those users would currently use something like OwnCloud anyway. This would be easier to set up though, lets you have effectively unlimited storage in one directory tree, and opens up syncing to anything that syncs with Drive. On Google's side, after the initial development investment, they get an additional income stream essentially for free. For $5/month though, I'd ideally want it to include a subscription to a dyndns-like service, so you could more easily host the additional storage on a home server. Thanks, now I'm sorely tempted to drop $60 on a machine that does nothing. What are you even talking about? If anything this is like performing expensive preventative maintenance on your car: the exact opposite of taping over the warning light. Yes we can. Spam produces good results too, for the spammer. Even if the every-day email volume tested well in the short term, it will still likely have long-term business consequences. And even if it works well for them in the long term, it is still a net negative to society. "Technical support informed me that my first HD died 20 days into my contract. The backup HD hummed along for a year." That sounds more like RAID than a backup HD. This is awesome. How about a version that records the interaction? Would be great for interviewing programmers! Like a fun version of interviewzen.com. Yes, this got me too. I expected that it would be required to ask the guard for another key, and when that was supported I figured I must've misremembered the command. Then I tried passing in my previous key variable in case it was still stored there. Took a while to try unlocking without specifying a key. The language is irrelevant. It's coffeescript, but the whole thing is 'beatable' with an understanding of logic by following its instructions. If you've never programmed before at all, some parts would indeed be tricky, including the part you mentioned. Still, if you understand how to solve the logic puzzle, you could do it using a temporary variable as previously demonstrated, rather than the more natural (to programmers) nested calls. Egad! No wonder so many Bay Area companies are going remote. Just use LastPass (or one of the alternatives, like 1password). Sure it takes a few minutes to set up and learn to use, but once that's done, it will be far easier and less error-prone than something like this. Plugins for all major browsers, as well as a couple of top mobile ones, apps for the major mobile platforms... password reuse is a solved problem. Sure, it sends data over the internet, but data is 256-bit AES encrypted on your local machine, and then is sent via SSL on top of that. So even if someone could get a hold of the data you're sending, they couldn't do anything with it. I finally started using LP a few months back after having it on my to-do list for a year, and I only wish I'd made the leap sooner. Can't do this for traffic waves, but it would appear the ideal solution to merge slowdowns is to have different speed limits before and after the merge. Regardless of anything else, the flow rate before and after a merge must be the same. Ideally you want the flow rate after the merge to be approximately one car every 2.5 seconds, with those cars traveling at the speed limit. (As opposed to the usual situation where post-merge traffic accelerates from a near stop, causing large, unnecessary spaces to form.) One way to achieve this is to have pre-merge traffic leave twice the space, but it's unlikely there are enough traffic-flow vigilantes out there to achieve that, if such a thing would even be desirable. Much easier is to keep the same time spacing between cars, but to have pre-merge traffic travel at half the speed. Traffic approaches the merge in two lanes, traveling at 50 km/h. The speed limit increases to 100 km/h, then immediately afterward the traffic merges. Speeding up from 50 to 100 naturally opens spaces, and traffic merges painlessly. There is no reason for a slowdown to occur, so no self-perpetuating gridlock. Of course, the slower speed limit is only useful when the road is filled to capacity; otherwise it would be inefficient. So for most roads you would want this limit to vary based on time of day (or even dynamically based on traffic volume, but obviously that would only be useful/necessary in extreme cases). Wow. Google maps is literally beautiful now. I just spent several minutes zooming in and out, just marveling at the detail. Absolutely agreed with this. Opened the comments just to mention that while I agree with most of the article, Sqwiggle would be a huge no-go for me. And that's essentially why. Even aside from the big brother aspect, I wouldn't want it for the same reason I hate those setups where you put two desks back to back and get to stare at your buddy across the table from you while you're trying to concentrate. It just doesn't make for a productive work environment. I don't want to have to think about what I look like while I'm coding. I don't want to have to worry about how it looks if I walk around while I'm thinking instead of sitting at my desk, or if I go to the bathroom too often or whatever . Google is actually doing away with online status as they move from Talk to Hangouts, and while it originally bothered me, I realized that I leave my status set to away all the time anyway! Having it advertised when I sit down at my computer - the exact time when I'd prefer people not bug me unless necessary so I can focus on what I'm doing - is counterproductive and useless anyway since I'll get their messages just as easily on my phone, and if they're important enough I'll answer them whether I'm busy or not. Aside from Sqwiggle, which I hadn't heard of but hate on sight, this sounds remarkably similar to my team's workflow. I'm not certain whether idonethis would offer enough benefit to be worthwhile compared to simple daily emails to a team mailing list, filtered into a label (or folder for non-gmail folks) though. Actually, we use Hangouts a bit differently too. We don't really have a concept of 'at work' vs 'not at work'. When I'm working, I am, by definition, busy. It's often more convenient for me to receive a chat when I'm not working - watching TV or whatever. Plus, I have Hangouts on my phone, so I'm very rarely unreachable, unless I'm sleeping. The distinction therefore shifts from at work/not at work to available/busy. If I'm available I'll answer a chat immediately; if I'm busy I won't, unless it's particularly important. Also, each member of our team works whatever hours are most convenient for them, which often don't overlap much, so it's beneficial that we're available when necessary to answer quick questions even when we're not in work mode. (Not that we need to often, since asynchronous methods of communication usually tend to do the trick.) It's similar to one of the many objections I had to Sqwiggle: this idea that since I'm sitting at my desk, it's therefore a good time to contact me. Often the exact opposite is true: http://www.paulgraham.com/makersschedule.html Awful in what way? I use LastPass every day and love it. (The Firefox and Chrome extensions, LastPass for Applications on Windows, and the Android app and keyboard replacement, and the Dolphin Browser plugin.) The Equivalent Domains settings are a bit clunky and would be better implemented with the ability to enter regular expressions directly in the URL fields of sites IMO, but it works. The keyboard replacement is no substitute for a real keyboard like SwiftKey, but combined with the app it makes for relatively convenient password entry in apps, and the Dolphin plugin is seamless. Otherwise, everything else about it product has worked perfectly for my use case. And there went my whole night. You want to add an option to disable a particular browser plugin in the core browser options? That doesn't seem like a good idea. Nice to remember just how rough we had it to really appreciate the state of search today. Searching for something as obvious as "President Clinton" (while he was President) and having the official White House page not even come up in the top 10 is unthinkable today. Of course, it still isn't #1, since that spot is universally reserved for Wikipedia... something that I suppose would've been unthinkable in 1998! What they should have done is announced that they were killing it, then when the entirely predictable public outcry hit, 'listen to the community', and make it a paid service instead. From the numbers Feedly and Newsblur and such are picking up, it doesn't seem like a stretch that a paid version of Google Reader could have brought in at least $10M/year, even given the resulting loss of users. The only difficulty would be converting from free to paid without massive backlash. The bait and switch would accomplish that. Hire a few full-time engineers to maintain it, and you've still got many millions of dollars in annual revenue for something that already exists. Surely even a company Google's size would be better off not throwing that away in the interest of 'focus'. But hey, Larry is clearly smarter than I am, so presumably he knows what he's doing. Heck, maybe he even realized that Reader had become an impediment to progress and removing it would be a net good (pun intended). The progress that's been made in just the past few months is certainly exciting. Wow, that's a good point though. Does anyone know whether Google uses links in private emails to refine search rankings? With gmail being the most popular free email by far, that might be a small but significant edge on the competition. (Not that Google needs such an edge at the moment, but that doesn't mean they'd pass it up.) If Google was already making that kind of money purely from ads Reader, then the rest of my reasoning stands. Just hire a handful of engineers to maintain it full time and enjoy raking in millions of dollars a year for many years. The fact that they shut it down suggests that it wasn't making millions of dollars from ads, so why not remove them and charge for it instead? As I said, the only real barrier would appear to be the reaction, which could be solved with a bit of manipulation, in fact spinning it into a PR positive. I suspect the answer is that a few millions dollars a year is considered pocket change by Google, insufficient to waste time on. To me that reasoning seems shortsighted. Again though, it's likely that Larry Page's sight is in fact much longer than mine. Ha, ya, I just said the same thing in reply to piqufoh regarding pocket change. The technical and focus issues I think could easily be handled by hiring a few people and having them 100% dedicated to Reader. $10M should be more than enough for that. You'd still be talking about revenue per employee of at least a couple million. (Google as a whole, with ~$50B revenue and ~50k employees averages about $1M revenue per employee.) The potential legal and especially reputation issues I hadn't considered though. If they're trying not only for internal, but also external focus - essentially shaping how people think of the company, which seems obvious now that you mention it - I could see how they would consider 'niche' products like Reader detrimental even if they do make good money. That's why you need to get the users to ask you to charge for it. Say, "Sorry, we have to shut down Google Reader because it's drawing needed resources from our other projects," or whatever. Then when people say, "NO! Please, just charge for it! I'd be happy to pay $20 per year for Reader!" you benevolently listen to the community and agree to transition to a paid service instead of shutting it down. For sure. And generally it is indeed very handy to have the Wikipedia result come up prominently. It's just interesting that a free, user-moderated encyclopedia as the world's predominant source of source of reference information would have been difficult to imagine circa 1998. I highly doubt it's even close to 90%. If it were, I think you're right that it's much less likely it would have been shut down. There are many very technical people out there that just don't find RSS fits with their workflow. Personally, I have a list of blogs I like to read in a couple bookmarks folders, and when I feel like reading them, I'll go to the bookmarks and see what's up. I don't really care if I miss posts, so I have no real need for a system that will catalog them all for me. I have tried a couple times to get into it, but just found it wasn't for me. (As a means of consuming media. I do use RSS for automating various processes, as well as the occasional RSS-to-email when I really need notifications for something (like rare classifieds posts I'm searching for).) Anyway, my point is, I'm pretty technical - I run a web based company and embrace plenty of modern technologies - and I never got into RSS. I'm fairly certain the majority of Google employees don't make regular use of an RSS reader either. (Although I imagine a significant minority do as well.) So instead of providing a useful service, they should distribute malware designed to... what, maximize their chances of being sued by craigslist? eBay owns a chunk of craigslist yes, but not a controlling share. The two companies have been involved in multiple legal battles. I doubt eBay is secretly pulling craigslist's strings while they sue each other. I agree that it appears Craig doesn't appear to have much say in legal matters at craigslist, but that appears to be because he has voluntarily ceded control to Jim Buckmaster. Does it increase the chances that they would sue? Yes, it does. Does it increase the chances that they'd win? Perhaps not, if your arguments hold. Does that matter? No, because you're still talking about stealth distribution of a program that tracks and republishes user data without their knowledge or permission! (And no, a notice buried in the TOU doesn't count.) Edit to reply to below: Ah, ok. Your phrasing of "piggyback your plugin into popular installers to get this on millions of computers" sounded like you were planning to sneak it in without users' awareness. If it's an explicit opt in, then I would have no great problem with that from a user perspective. (Of course as a user I'd prefer to just install what I want, rather than being presented with options for a bunch of unrelated stuff, but advertising and affiliate programs keep things going, so I deal with it.) Personally don't have a problem with the part about scraping something I might post on a classifieds site. Whenever I post something on a public web site I expect it to be scraped and to appear on search engines and such. It was specifically the idea of a service running on my computer, watching and potentially publishing aspects of my web use (and who knows what else), without my knowledge or permission that I took issue with. No, it's that craigslist has massive network effects working for them, so there's no incentive for buyers or sellers to use a different site, even with a better interface and feature set. 3taps is alleging that this monopoly position, combined with craigslist's legal and technical efforts to block any innovation that makes use of data posted on craigslist, constitutes anti-competitive behavior. Whether that assertion has legal merit I don't know, but it seems we'll soon find out. Edit: Ironically, Krrb itself is essentially an attempt to create this 'better craigslist' you describe. They attempted to deal with the craigslist monopoly problem by providing an easy way for users to post on both craigslist and Krrb, for which they received the C&D. It's a tough question. If craigslist truly does have a monopoly, then it indeed might be fair for competitors to have some use of content already posted on craigslist. Also, in the case of Krrb it's the user posting the content, who owns the copyright to such content, using their own computer to copy it to Krrb. Krrb is simply providing a tool for them to do so more easily. That certainly seems like it should be acceptable. You can read 3taps' antitrust claims submission here: https://3taps.com/papers/3taps_Amended_Counterclaim.pdf The 'Nature of the Case' section at the beginning provides their allegations regarding craigslist's monopoly. IANAL so I don't feel qualified to discuss the legal merits, although reading the claims they at least sound worth investigating. Plus there needs to be a certain level of creative expression for copyright to apply, so even the sentence, "I have a room in a 2-bedroom apartment for rent in Williamsburg, going for $1500," would almost certainly not be copyrightable. (That said, some of the posts on craigslist are certainly creative, so copying the full contents of everything would likely violate copyrights, but as you say, that's not what Padmapper is doing. (Not to mention the copyrights on the individual posts belong to the users, not to craigslist, in any case.)) Craigslist does not allow any app that automatically posts to craigslist, regardless of post quantity or frequency, so yes. Actually, that is only true if craigslist asserts an exclusive copyright to the content, which except for a three-week period last summer, they do not. Shared documents in Google Drive work pretty well for this - multiple cursors, integrated chat (although text-only I believe). But yes, this is decades later; we should be light-years beyond this, but are instead only just rediscovering it. Except that Iceland isn't even close to offering him asylum. "The proposal to grant Snowden citizenship received limited support when it was discussed Thursday — the last day before summer recess. Six members of minority parties were in favor out of Parliament's 63 members." http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/story/2013/07/05/nsa-snowden-ic... The great thing is, health care has been such a study in what can go wrong with free-market capitalism that it's nice to see a counter-example. The article doesn't do a good job of making the distinction, but there's a big difference between an evacuated tube and an excavated tube. In the first case, you lay a tube along the ground and suck all the air out. In the second, you have to dig a tunnel underground . Also as mentioned by others, Musk is apparently not talking about an evacuated tube, but it looks like ET3 is. (Unless the quote from Musk was actually that it's not a tunnel, in which case maybe he was making the same distinction.) DDG's obviously gotten a massive boost from this whole issue: https://www.google.com/trends/explore?q=duckduckgo I was a bit surprised that Firefox hasn't: https://www.google.com/trends/explore?q=firefox but obviously it has a lot more inertia. (Or maybe everyone switches to DDG first, and THEN looks for Firefox, so Google Trends doesn't know about it...) Ya, that's what I meant by the 'inertia' of Firefox. It takes a lot to move the needle on it. The comparison is definitely illustrative though. (The part about everyone finding Firefox on DDG was a joke.) Having just hired two senior programmers (admittedly for a small "software company"), I couldn't possibly agree more with this: "To me, however, a programmer is who I'm looking for, while a resume full of revenue increases and cost reductions sounds like an 'anomalously high-cost parasite who types some mumbo-jumbo into Excel and PowerPoint'." Resumes full of marketing-speak go onto the discard pile very quickly. I want to hear about your skills, and I want to see that you can present them effectively (which is your first opportunity to demonstrate your intelligence and aesthetics). People who claim to be programmers but talk about revenue growth and such in their resumes are always the types who want to talk to you about how they "have tons of great ideas, [they] just need a team to implement them!" Well great, then start your own company. I'm certainly looking for smart people with ideas, but we already have a product and work that needs to be done. We're not here to provide a team to implement our new hire's hand-wavey built-for-adsense get rich quick site or whatever. Whew. OK, veered a bit into hyperbole there, but it demonstrates the visceral sort of mental response that kind of resume can provoke... Edit: Given other comments that agree with focusing on costs and revenues, maybe the take-away is that you should really have two separate copies of your resume, and do your best to find out whether a programmer or non-programmer will be reading it before choosing which one to send. Because it seems like the reactions are essentially polar opposites. Which honestly I find surprising. I would expect that what sounds like mumbo-jumbo to one intelligent person would largely sound like mumbo-jumbo to another intelligent person, regardless of specific discipline - even if those disciplines are as different as marketing and programming. Perhaps I just haven't ever received a good resume that focused on financials. Technically you can also call yourself an engineer in Canada if you're an EIT (registered Engineer In Training), and you're working under the supervision of a P.Eng (Professional Engineer). ISTM that the primary benefit of the P.Eng system is that 'Engineers' are required to uphold a precise ethical standard; passing the ethics exam is probably the most significant hurdle in getting a P.Eng after actually finishing your degree. That said, it's also about the only hurdle aside from gaining 4 years of work experience in the field. (In theory you need to show improving technical skills, continuous learning, etc., etc., but in practice it's somewhat of a rubber stamp. (And coincidentally, at the end, you can get a rubber stamp.)) I keep reading this, but I'm missing what makes it special. If you create a large enough vessel of anything and evacuate all the air, you can make it lighter than air. Is it just that it's rare to find a material strong enough with respect to its density to withstand the necessary vacuum? (ie: would a titanium bubble with a sufficient volume to thickness ratio to be lighter than air implode? Or would it just be too expensive?) The point about paying extreme attention to a single user's needs reminded me very much of Stop Developing for the 90% Use Case : http://gist.io/5561992 , which came up here a couple months back. Basically it demonstrates the problem with aiming for the best ratio of user satisfaction to effort in each feature of your product. If each part of what you build covers 90% of users' needs, that sounds pretty good. But if your product has X main features, the percentage of users who will be entirely satisfied is 90%^X, which gets low very quickly. You need to focus on servicing all of someone's needs, not most of everyone's, but consequently all of no one's. These people are essentially famous in their business; what's the harm of posting their names in a video? That is an excellent idea. (To clarify, you're saying a company would need to have both a high number and a high ratio rejected to be penalized.) More generally, it seems logical to have the size of the penalty increase at a quadratic or even exponential rate, based on the number of rejected patents within a certain trailing time period[1], and scaled by the rejected/submissions ratio. So every rejection would carry a penalty, but the more that were rejected (both in total and as a percentage), the larger the penalty would be, at an increasing rate. It might also be an idea to do this with individual claims as well as, or even instead of, entire patents, to also deal with the overly broad claims problem. [1] Or even for all time, but with a weighting factor based on recency. Wouldn't want to get overly complex though. I imagine if you managed 50k in angel funding or 200k VC, you can probably scrounge together 11k somehow. You may well be able to borrow it personally from your existing backers if they're already willing to fund your company. You will need to eat and pay rent for the first few months at the very least, so you'll need to have some money. I'm sure Niantic can hook them up. It seems extremely awkward to me to be regularly trying to hit alts with your thumbs. In a normal typing position your thumbs rest near the middle of the spacebar. That's quite a reach, under your hand, which is trying to hit another key at the same time. Definitely worse than hitting ctrl with a pinky, at least for me. People really need to stop referring to their own work as "beautiful". Show, don't tell. If you make something truly beautiful, other people will say it for you. You can even quote them if you want. But you don't need to say it yourself. I agree with you there, and was thinking about that after making the comment. Any thoughts on how they could have gotten that across equally effectively without explicitly saying, "We're Google Analytics, except beautiful?" Honestly, maybe this particular case was fine, and they're not to be blamed for the fact that the cliche rubs off on them negatively. On the other hand, maybe they need to recognize that because of the cliche, some people - like me - will have negative or mixed reactions to their use of the word, even if it's otherwise wholly appropriate. Yes, but for that reason I always prefer when things use ctrl as a modifier instead of alt. So I wouldn't want to do more alting. I came here just to make this comment. I'm quite sure this concept appears in most of Sklansky's books, probably right back to the Theory of Poker (c1987). (I haven't verified that, but I know his more recent books like Small Stakes Hold'em, still more than a few years ago, covered ranges.) Also http://forumserver.twoplustwo.com/ I haven't looked at the answers yet, but here's what I came up with in pseudocode: A: Would one of the other Gods, who is not Random, say "da" \ if I asked him if God C was Random? (DA) { :God A or B is Random. C: Does "da" mean "yes"? (DA) { :God C is True. } (JA) { :God C is False. } C: Would you say "da" if asked whether God A is Random? (DA) { :God A is Random :God B is !God C. } (JA) { :God B is Random. :God A is !God C. } } (JA) { :God A or C is Random. B: Does "da" mean "yes"? (DA) { :God B is True. } (JA) { :God B is False. } B: Would you say "da" if asked whether God A is Random? (DA) { :God A is Random :God C is !God B. } (JA) { :God C is Random. :God A is !God B. } } I found it helpful to build the logic assuming they would answer "yes" and "no" in English. Once that was done it was fairly simply to modify it to handle the da/ja. That would've been my initial assessment too, but I've never read reddit poker, so I didn't feel qualified to compare the two... The idea doesn't need to be radically different, but it does need to be non-obvious. Your customer voluntarily offered to give away $700k out of the kindness of their hearts, to help the officers of a failed former vendor? Regardless of the size of the corporation, that's pretty incredible. Any idea why they agreed to do that? For sure, it just seems like the megacorp's legal department would be more likely to decide that the easiest way to minimize the tax was to not voluntarily accept it in the first place. One problem is that the land needed to build it belongs to the state. Admittedly another is that a massive amount of R&D remains to be done and is not factored into the cost. This is covered in some detail in the proposal. The capsules will be able to stop in the event of an emergency without hitting capsules in front or crushing passengers. Great video. Pretty clear that both occupant and vehicle fared worse in the 1950s. (Although after a serious collision I doubt many people care much how the car looks.) Presumably as well as facilitating this transaction with you A->X...Y->B they are also facilitating this with someone else: C->Y...X->D (In reality they would probably have many addresses and not just orchestrate simple pairs like that, but the idea is that the transactions balance out.) So they only need to seed each address with a bit of initial capital, then balance out the transactions. I don't know that it was the company, but I do know from personal experience that this appears to be godaddy's approach. Not only that, when I contacted them after the site went down, they couldn't even explain why. Instead they told me one of our scripts had a bug that was using up too many server resources. I explained that there was no bug, even offered to show them the source code (which they refused), etc. Turns out the 'bug' was that it was getting called too much due to high traffic. Yep, I left them behind after this incident years ago, and good riddance. Have had plenty reasons to not regret that decision since. Have a dedicated server with LiquidWeb now and am really pleased with their service. I'll call it the 'tower' usually. If it's an oldschool non-tower case, you'd probably be stuck using multiple words. The post doesn't have a lot of info, but the only rational explanation I can think of is that Paypal believes Mailpile is a scam intended to solicit donations through false pretenses. Have a large number of donors issued charge-backs (or whatever the paypal equivalent is)? Has Mailchip missed some sort of deadline that might have caused donors to complain to paypal? Regardless of any of those things this action seems on the surface to be a huge overreach by paypal, but at least in those cases it would make some kind of sense. Also, I assume there's something in the paypal use contract that gives them authority to take this kind of action? Clearly not a good idea to keep any significant balance in a paypal account. Seems entirely possible that this bot net represents an intentional attack on Tor. While it doesn't seem nearly as effective as it could be, that may be intentional as well, both to leave doubt as to its true nature, and to gather data with some long-term goal (likely eliminating Tor entirely) rather than simply causing short-term pain. It may be an attack on the network in the DOS sense, but it should not compromise anonymity because these bots are simply acting as clients, not relay (or exit) nodes. There's no way you could say a legally enforceable contract was formed in the context of a game show where they're expected to potentially lie to each other. I agree that there should be an easy way to get home from each page. That's why it's become standard to have the logo link to the homepage. The question is whether enough people are aware of that convention to dispense with the additional Home link in the navigation. True that we could test it, and we may well do so, but there are a lot of things we'll want to test about the new design, so we want to aim as close to optimal as we can to start with. Both good things to do, but they don't really solve the problem IMO. In order for any kind of mouse-over effect to work, the user has to move the mouse up into the corner and mouse over the logo. If they're doing that, they probably already have a good idea that the logo goes somewhere - likely the homepage. I'm wondering what percentage of people have no clue about that and would be likely to just get to your homepage however they got there in the first place (probably Google) if they can't see an explicit "Home" link. I expect this depends a lot on the audience though. I worked in an open office situation once with a co-worker across from me who listened to sports talk radio all day - no headphones. I literally can't imagine a more distracting work environment. Eventually, and amazingly we actually became decent friends... eventually. In the early days it was a matter of picking my battles, and there were other more important things to work on. (Hard as that might be to believe.) So for a while I just put my headphones in and tried to tune it out. (Initially I just asked him to turn it down, and I don't recall the exact response, but it was probably approximately, "No.") "I'm sorry" is commonly used both to express sympathy and to apologize. Holy shit. This victim, who 31 year old Dahmer claimed was his lover, was also 14 years old at the time, and the police returned him (naked and bleeding) despite his protests. (Sinthasomphone was disoriented at the time, having been drugged, but apparently still did protest.) At least the officer was fired: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Balcerzak Wow. Missed that part. It's unfortunate that there are essentially two very interesting but almost contradictory elements to this story. One is the incredible charisma and persuasive abilities of this sociopath from the point of view of someone subjected to them. The other is the shift in perspective the writer experienced at the time of the incident, not knowing that the person was a serial killer. He realized that it is possible to have strong feelings for someone of the same sex, to enjoy being admired by them, etc., even while not being interested in a homosexual relationship. It was probably a positive influence on his life. While it makes for an extremely compelling story, it's almost a shame the two are combined, because the original experience and its effect on the writer was in a way completely independent from the fact that the guy turned out to be a killer. Your tone is antagonistic. You could point out what you perceive to be factual errors without throwing around terms like senseless FUD and bullshit, and complaining about downvotes. In this conversation, the CH is expensive argument came up because the basic income proposed seemed large when converted to USD and compared to average US expenses. So Swiss expenses in foreign currency terms are relevant. If he didn't have one already, Legere is certainly going to need an assistant to triage his personal email now. The image of the Tor Browser is somewhat misleading, given that it would not allow this tracking via third party advertising cookies, at least with its default configuration. Indeed. In which case giving out his own email address is just a convenient way of filtering out a a certain type of customer service request, while also being good PR. He'd want a way to get important emails quickly without the EA having to manually screen them; I wonder if he uses a separate address, a whitelist, a tag (ie johnlegere+internal@tmobile.com), or a keyword in the subject. Guessing whitelist. I think that all depends on how many bitcoins. Lawyers aren't stupid. If he offered a multiple of their standard fee, paid in bitcoins at the current exchange, I doubt he would have any difficulties. (There are already plenty of successful lawyers out there defending wealthy clients on drug trafficking charges, and they obviously have a pretty good idea where their fees are ultimately coming from.) If they can solve their problem for less than $1 per day, they're probably a ways from the pack-up-and-move point. (Of course the effectiveness of this private security remains to be seen.) I've heard good things about Hawking's books as well, although haven't read any yet. Say a store has a stereo on sale for $300 and you decide that since the wholesale price was only $120, a fair price would be $150. You're saying as long as you plan to use it personally, you could lay down three fifties and walk out with it without 'benefiting'? Your benefit in that case would be the $150 you avoided paying. There is obviously a market for a phone with minimal choice, and it's filled nicely by Apple. I tend to agree that Android can be overwhelming, especially to new users, given the overwhelming number of choices, both critical and trivial. In my opinion though, the solution is not less choice, but better and stronger defaults. There's no reason why android phones couldn't be as simple as iphones out of the box, but have more options for configuration for users who wish to dig deeper. Instead, at the moment we generally have phones full of bloatware, where many of the defaults seem designed to sell products and services of questionable value, rather than to aid the user. The example of default application bindings in the article is a good one. That system is indeed terrible currently, but there's no reason it needs to be. At a minimum it should be possible to edit the bindings of any installed application, rather than simply clearing them all. (Right now it almost seems like the designers were trying to follow this philosophy of minimizing choice, but ended up with a hybrid that is both more overwhelming and less customizable than it could be.) There is also no reason why users necessarily have to be interrupted by the choice of app to perform a given action. Instead, an app could be chosen based on some predefined hierarchy, such as first installed. Then let the user override that choice if desired. (For example, by pressing the menu button within X seconds of one app launching another, then choosing the appropriate option.) You get the same benefit without overwhelming less knowledgeable users with choice. (And yes, some users might never realize that there was a choice at all, but that's a fair sight better than there indeed not being one.) Yes, I came here to say the same thing. They tried to correct for it by stating how far past life expectancy they are if you enter an age older that life expectancy at birth, but if you enter, say, one year less than life expectancy, you get an estimate of one year's worth of visits, which is not correct (or even close, really). Sports commentary has been called (paraphrase) 'a business built on talking about the results of a weighted random number generator'. I expect that parent is using this comparison to express a judgement on the value of the article... I wouldn't call an end to remote work incredibly positive. Unfortunate for those folks, but if it can prevent many more people from being infected, then still worthwhile. Even if it encrypts regardless, preventing the perpetrators from profiting will remove their incentive to keep spreading this stuff. Once antivirus catches up to the copies in the wild, the problem would be solved. Of course, whether it's actually possible to shut down enough servers to prevent them from profiting is another question. But it seems to me anything that makes it more difficult is a good thing, even though it does suck for those who lose data.