Mediatemple. Excellent. We. Yes, Yodlee is crazy expensive and doesn't seem willing to negotiate with startups. CashEdge may be a better option. And, as has been noted, you could handle the top 5-50 institutions yourself which would get you very broad coverage. If you want regular credit card processing, have a look at WorldPay. If you want alternative payment processing, PayPal or Google might be good options. $5 per fax is not cheap. The defenders here are using fairly tortured logic. Startups should spend energy on thngs that matter, not email. No wonder Loopt got left in the dust. Definitely PayPal. Not only should you be able to get 5% + 5c, it also is just rolling out a much better UX for digital goods and more importantly has 200+ miliion ready to pay. This is terrible advice. TextMate...like I'm guessing most Mac users will answer. Kod looks promising. Looks cool, I expect to give it a try. Was leaning towards SimpleGeo. Doesn't look very promising to me. How will you be populating the database? Will this be better than Google, Odesk, Yelp or 1-800-Dentist? It looks far to open-ended to me to be of any value. $20 sounds low. $50 is reasonable. There actually are not too many good providersin this space. The only I can think of off-hand are Phonebooth and Grasshopper. Most of the others are much too cumbersome. DotCloud is interesting but I think I'd prefer a set of comparable Fabric scripts and an AWS account. But that wouldn't be a very good business I suppose. People probably think that Yammer purposefully makes it difficult when the reality is that 1) departing customers are a small fraction of users and 2) it's difficult to prioritize highly a feature to "close an account". I didn't understand a word you wrote. This is wrong. All you have to do is return a "200 OK" and PayPal will stop sending IPNs. You don't even need to perform the validation postback at all. It's completely optional. REST is totally useless since no one really knows wha it means and there are few if any APIs that come close to being "RESTful". REST's proponents, including Roy, have done a dreadful job educating on what REST is. As I commented on the Rdio thread, it would be nice if the complainers actually suggested how the API in question could be designed more RESTfully. I'm just saying the validation is not required. There are different ways to ensure the IPN is valid. Except the guy gave two other examples of impossible-to-search-for Microsoft-given names: .net and c#. No. I always like to do something practical, not a mere exercise. So my first choice is actually building something with a full-stack framework like web2py. You can easily create a db-driven web site in 30 min - 5 hours. I hope people recognize that CL's continuing longevity is because of it's simplicity, not in spite of it. Has anyone actually run in to this problem or is it speculative? I got an error like that also when trying to log in. It's another in a long list of attempts to create a digital cash scheme which will never work. Regular money is more than satisfactory for almost everyone. You ready to pay $10k? $50k? $100k? Because it would cost at least that much to serve the handful of people who want to pay for that feature. The poster may have valid points but the post is useless. Anyone can sit back and say a maker didn't do it right. I actually don't think his points are all that good. I thought Cloud Servers were from Rackspace's Mosso project and Slicehost remains mostly independent? That seems a little harsh without any specifics. Does he mention what happened to Rasmus? Square is the only card-present service I am aware of that offers a free swiper, no application process, no setup fee, no monthly fees and a reasonable transaction fee. That is clearly competition. It's suicidal to enter the game with an alternative. You have to build a chunk of business and then you can think about something more alternative. Jack and Keith clearly understand this. First, yes, Square is going after what you might call a "consumer". Second, Apple counts millions of small businesses among its customer base. People don't want to be charged a fee to make a face-to-face transaction with someone they know. That is a lousy business. You're probably not the only who feels that way but it's as likely that this could speed it up. NFC is just a fancy way to communicate a number which is the easiest part of a credit card transaction. Square will be well-positioned to serve the long tail when/if NFC gains traction. It does feel a little flimsy and it takes a few tries to get the hang of it reliably. At some point square will need to provide more heavy-duty readers for higher volume merchants. Agree with most of this. Python is an excellent language to start with. I would suggest downloading and using Web2py. It provides a complete environment for Windows, Mac and *nix. You can be programming a web site in literally minutes. Web2py can run entirely off your PC (with Rocket and SQLite) but then you can easily deploy to a server (nginx, apache, etc; Mysql, Postgres, etc). The Web2py Book is terrific and includes a very brief summary of Python: http://web2py.com/book Try to build something that people want. Better, try to build something that people would pay for. The point is that 5% de-duping (ie less deduping) would lead to the high number. Probably under 150. I'm sure Twilio is hoping this sounds impressive but it sounds pathetic to me. Services are supposed to stay up after all. Shortish article summary: no information about which performs better. That doesn't make sense. The main benefit of Groupon, et al is finding new customers. Not sure why the downvotes but average all-in costs of startup employees in the Bay Area startups is less than $150k. It's better to have buy-in even if you don't need the cash. The Python overview in the Web2py docs might be sufficient ( http://web2py.com/book/default/chapter/02 ). It's very concise but covers the basics. Then, for reference, the Python docs are the way to go. Two points: 1) "Smart" people should be able to figure this out. 2) Great answer to "What does it feel like to be the smartest person in the room? I'm in the wrong room." There's a major disconnect here: PayPal is not digital cash, it's credit card processing. There is a major difference. What a terrible article. The guy got fired! Isn't that sufficient? Buffett has always railed against the ridiculous processes that cripple other companies. Why would or should he behave differently? http://www.vicoapp.com/about.html If you're going to ask for feedback, you should take it! Here's a professional explaining that you don't have to worry so much about the login. A 2-4 digit code will do. Password-protect the manager login if you want, but not the servers'. This should not be keeping you up at night. What should be keeping you up at night is the ordering experience. This is where users are going to spend 99% of their time. It needs to be flawless and ultra-refined for speed and accuracy. The cascading screens and tiny "Done" buttons are not going to cut it for heavy use. Finally, you are going to need to be careful about getting feedback during a 15 minute demo. There is a grand canyon of difference between using a POS all day every day versus once for 15 minutes. There are tons of small restaurants and take-out places that don't use POS. Start with them. Don't try to get people to switch until your solution is rock-solid and high performance. If your system actually works, you will have no trouble selling it. What we've seen so far needs improvement. If you can't get a warm introduction to someone like Ryan Spoon, Dave McClure, Fred Wilson, Brad Feld, et. al., you need to work a little harder. If you have #4 (which you should by the time you seek semi-professional money), they will be thrilled to either talk to you or refer you to someone. I don't understand this point of view. I question the assumption that iPads are primarily devices of the wealthy. We're talking about $500 for a lifetime of learning, not thousands of dollars. And the portability and durability of iPads makes them easily rentable and transferable. I would lean towards staying in your position longer, possibly up to the year to receive your bonus, and build a larger cushion or even have something lined up before you quit. It will be difficult to disguise your attitude to prospective employers and there's not a huge need for junior marketing people with minimal experience. Finally, you're going to find politics and bureaucracy in any organization with more than 1 person. So what do you suggest? The person I responded to was specifically concerned about the iPad, I presume vs other devices that might also be able to deliver the Khan Academy content. Are we now to criticize anything not affordable to $150/month wage earners? This sounds like a job posting in disguise. I'm 41 with a wife and kid (another on the way) and not crazy technical: http://pricetack.com Anything like this for Python? To feed the hamsters in their servers! But those are some pretty big traffic numbers so I suppose the frequent sluggishness is reasonable. I'm surprised you got stuck on revenues. Typically if you can show that you are building something that people want in a big category in an area people are known to spend money, you would be ok. Ar you sur that was it? I would also reiterate what others have said: if you're grinding away on nuance, you need to simplify. Calling this a tax cut is mis-leading because it's never been collected on IPO companies. I was a little off-put by the inclusion of that phrase. Being able to work on small teams on interesting projects that reach 100s of millions of users and get paid reasonably well is sufficient incentive to work for Facebook I should think. These countries have had centuries to progress. Why now? 1. Yes, it is pushing envelopes. 2. Never been done by private industry. 3. Radically lower price. How do I downvote? Some shareholders are selling in the IPO. It's covered in the post. It's more common for selling stockholders to sell in a follow-on but not unprecedented. It will be great to get some liquidity into the hands of fantastic investors like Reid Hoffman. So is there an easy way to set this up, preferably server-agnostic? Do you have any recommendations for something simple? Downvote. I doubt they are using the funds for operating costs. Most likely to combat fraud. Has anyone ever done good research on how a minimalist web site might compare to a fancier version with respect to the various objectives of the site owner? Some other minimalist sites that perform quite well are Hacker News and Craigslist. Have site owners been mis-led into thinking that flashiness equates to credibility or customer satisfaction? The problem is that it's disrespectful in the first place. Who wants to be part of a group that is so little respected? How hard is it to make an evaluation that doesn't devalue the audience? I am currently bearish on social shopping. Lots of people actually do not like to buy and sell from friends. And ultimately, you usually want as wide an audience as possible. However, I think Facebook and Twitter will continue to be important channels for gaining exposure and engaging with customers. Regarding Novelo, the Facebook page is pretty much empty so I am not sure what the service does or how it works. I am unlikely to add the app without any information. back at you on the plug: pricetack.com falling price marketplace This reminds me of the old PeoplePC which leased you a computer plus dial-up access for 20-25 bucks/month. I think it makes more sense bundling with internet access since people are not accustomed to renting PCs. They all seem too "thick". I guess they might work if I was starting from scratch but they look like a pain to migrate to. Has anyone come up with something much leaner? At this point, why not just leave them open and don't spend any money on them? And if you're going to stop employing people, how about some Sacto bureaucrats that don't have much of an impact on anything? Does Limewire have $100 million? Does it have any money? Is anyone going to get paid? Is the founder guy really going to cut a $100 million check at this point? So what if, like almost all startups, no income is being generated? The founders clearly do not consider this person a founder so I don't think founder equity is appropriate at all. Did this really happen? I would be surprised at the lack of acumen of a YC-approved company. While the experience of YC is priceless, you should of course be getting a salary or equity of a little of each. And unless the sustenance pay is at least minimum wage, it might be illegal in California. If this really happened and there wasn't some mis-undertanding, I would question the credibility of the company. I don't think (m)any of Jason's projections will come to fruition. We've seen this movie a number of times before (Digicash, et al) and I don't see why today's environment is any different. They all had the exact same early momentum as we are seeing with Bitcoin and all, of course flamed out hard with zero government action (while PayPal thrived spectacularly). The fact of the matter is that digital money is appealing only to a teensy, tiny group of people. "she's" I've had luck with a simple nginx + uWSGI setup but I'm probably missing something. And I use fabric. And so the process begins to make bitcoin as user friendly as credit cards. Escrow has never worked well for consumer commerce because sellers dont like it. So I understand: you are 1 of 3 people involved, you are the main/only technical person, you were involved in service ideation, you engineered most/all of the service? That would suffice for co-founder-ship in my book. Offer a free tier. I don't want a trial. I want to see exactly how your service works and I want to make a purchase decision on my timeline, not yours. LinkedIn is not even trying to make net income so it's erroneous to perform much analysis on that number. Yes, it's a lofty number but LinkedIn has been around for quite some time and has very solid and very rapidly growing financials. No. It's a-cyclical...even better. Everyone here should be ecstatic about this development. Perhaps the most talented, savvy and generous angel investors now has $1 billion. When a new issue is offered to the market, after it is priced but before it actually starts trading, all of the buyer and seller interest is consolidated to determine what price point would result in there being an equal amount of buying and selling. And that becomes the opening price. I like Henry (Joe...not so much), but they are being idiots. Pricing an IPO is not quite that easy. And a 100% pop is not the end of the world for the company. In fact it is pretty neat. Henry's analogy is asinine. Better is the owner of a 10 unit building renting to a tenant for $1000 who turns around and rents for $2000. The owner, without doing anything, has just increased the value of his building by 90%. Making money in banking is trivially easy. The big banks need to assess all sorts of fees to sustain their humongous and humongously unnecessary cost structures. You are in a very small minority (credit union customers). It's you. I think BankSimple is going to struggle to find customers with its current proposition. The fact is that people are not as unhappy with their banks' fees, customer support or websites as BankSimple thinks (or at least suggests). People like branches and brands. The one thing people do like is products which is how ING broke into the business but an approach that BankSimple appears not to be pursuing. Such a weird fixation: bringing .Net to non-Windows platforms? I don't get it. It's only erroneous if you define the axes as such. Because overpricing makes it look like there is a lack of interest which is a terrible appearance for anything, really. No, the opposite. A manual imprint is even more indicative of card-present than a mag-stripe read (which can be easily faked). Reading QR or other codes with a smartphone's camera is extremely cumbersome whereas swiping a mag-stripe is simple and reliable. Yes, very positively. Square will be well-positioned to take advantage of this new way to transmit the account-holder's information to the merchant. While this is by far the easiest part of the payment process, Square will undoubtedly capitalize on it. No. Square has built it's own iPad-based POS software. http://itunes.apple.com/app/square/id335393788 Getting a pseudo-merchant account and a swiper for $0 could be fairly disruptive. It's a massive, very customer-unfriendly, very entrenched indusstry. I can't even remember the last time my credit card couldn't be swiped. What do you do to them? True, but still even easier to duplicate a QR code. Signatures don't help very much since the fraudster can sign his own fake card. That's why more stores are asking to see drivers licenses which is annoying. I learned to program by creating an ecommerce service for my pet store ("Outlet" at http://cheekob.com ) in my spare time. I am now broadening it to help other sellers with a new selling format: automatic markdowns ( http://pricetack.com ). What really helped me was the awesomely simple, yet powerful Python framework Web2py. I answer questions, browse my newsfeed and see Quora pages posted in various places but almost never just go there to look up a specific bit of information. For information and answers, I think the Wikipedia model of crowdsourcing a single response remains better. Quora seems mainly for opinionated answers or answer sets. Which is fine and interesting but ultimately not as useful. Agree. The HN audience is ill-informed about things like stock market economics (see LinkedIn threads) and more surprisingly, intermediate technical issues. Me, too! I far prefer the density but it's probably ruining my eyes. Also, on TextMate you have to adjust the line height. If you're staring at it for 10 hours a day, I think it's fine to want to like it. What does the app do? There's no description on the web site that I could find. I don't watch videos. There are some major problems with Wikipedia but I don't think deletionism is big enough to sustain a new effort. My biggest gripes are that many articles are just too long. I'd like to see a word limit or something. Also, I really don't like the emphasis on citations. It leads to articles comprised no more of disorganized sets of citable sentences. Somewhat counter-intuitively, the citation emphasis leads to less popular but citable statements dominating in many places. The copy and design look fine to me. As long as you are freemium (not just a free trial!) and the service works well, you are OK to launch and and test and iterate. It's gotten a bit formulaic and the long term results have been mediocre but "Kitchen Nightmares" is a good watch and has some lessons applicable outside the restaurant industry. What's your Python experience? I've recently been introduced to Web2py which is extremely well-suited for rapid development and prototypes. The idea that gold has no real value is bizarre. It will be interesting to see how AirBnB maintains the listing quality as it scales which I would argue is currently its main advantage over VRBO, HomeAway, Craigslist, et al. These types of sites tend to devolve into a homogeny of bland, "professional" listings, hence HomeAway's boring rollup strategy. What has made AirBnB somewhat unique and appealing has been the interesting listings and the care and personality of the property owners. "explicitly stated" = "did not change the default" Darn, a video. I think the article makes good points and it's true that the current dongle is a brilliant acquisition tool that will likely give way to better mechanisms in the future. Square needs to stick with the dongle for now so as not to give the perception that it is inferior. It's a bit like Apple's release strategy: the features are always a bit behind but the overall user experience is exceptional and creates demand for future releases. New payment systems face a nearly insurmountable chicken-and-egg problem. By taking advantage of an existing infrastructure, one side of the equation is addressed neatly. The FaceCash thing is more reminiscent of PayByTouch (minus the fraud, I suppose) where you've got zero merchants, zero account holders and you're trying to push an unfamiliar and even awkward user experience. I suspect the best course of action is to build it so that folks can better evaluate how compelling it is. I also doubt a Vbulletin-based solution is going to fly with this audience. It should be pretty easy to come up with a rough estimate of how big of a market there is for your product or service. If you do believe you have an idea for a product that lots of people would want, by all means pursue it. As far as advice to help you out on your path, you could do worse than reading some of pg's articles: http://www.paulgraham.com/articles.html I hate to be harsh but I am not keen on the idea or the implementation. Regarding the idea, I'm not sure how compelling it is to be able to pre-order birthday cards too far in advance. Picking out a card is quite a personal experience that many like to do "in the moment". You are competing with both offline card shops that offer superior buying experiences and online card shops that offer superior products (albeit, you may need to stick the card in the drawer for a week or 2). Regarding the implementation, it is just OK. First, there are some fantastic online card shops that you are competing with. TinyPrints comes to mind but there are many. And their offerings are cheaper, too. The whole "Create and Event" doesn't sound right. The images of the cards are poor. Zooming in to read the cards and see the detail is awkward. The whole is trying to give the impression of uniqueness when in reality it's just a card shop where you can delay shipping. Sorry, but the culture here is more of the variety that if you think you have a good idea, you build it and see what people think. Code speaks. You're not going to get terribly actionable feedback here as you would if you had something to show. There's a whole genre of "Show HN" and weekend projects. Would you be open to hiring a full, part-time or contract sales person? It might be at least worthwhile to learn if a sales effort could generate ROI. Would your marketing activities be able to generate sufficient number of leads? Do it! I would love to know how accurate guys like Umair Haque, Niall Ferguson, Paul Krugman and Charles Krauthammer are. Web2py (Python) provides a lot of that functionality so you can dive right in on your app. It includes all of the user account stuff but not the payment processing. It also provides a complete admin function. The only caveat, if you care about such things, is that many Pythonistas don't like some of the non-standard approaches Web2py takes. But I have found it extremely easy to use to quickly create apps. It might be the opposite. Many internet businesses are winner-take-all and YC companies clearly have a "leg up" in terms of having been vetted, having an attractive culture and getting superior mentorship. Investors could very well fixate even more on YC graduates Two problems with this "analysis": 1) does anyone know if Gaga charged Amazon full price? and 2) marketing spend is usually not refered to as a "loss". I agree. Likening this to spammers sending out millions of wholly untargeted emails is incorrect. These were extremely well-targeted communications likely sent out one-by-one by humans who had done some research. I find launchpad a very confusing experience. I'm sure I would get used to it if I used it more but every time I visit it, I am at almost a total loss on where to click and what everything means. Just taking one example, on github, there are very few labels. The content mostly speaks for itself. Whereas on launchpad the labels dominate. I like Bibucket much more than launchpad as well. But the reason github is more popular probably has more to do with git being more popular. It is completely insane how much investor money went to founders and not the company in both the G round and the previous round. How could investors agree to that? Kudos to Mason & Co. for getting out while the going was good. I don't necessarily disagree with your points nor think that Bitcoin will ever be much of a monetary force but most of your arguments simply have to do with Bitcoin being new. If everything was required to surmount your hurdles from the outset we'd never get anywhere. It's not that it's teens and 20-somethings. It's that it's "Hacker News" and the culture drafts off of pg and Y Combinator. If you think you have a good idea, you build it. I was not being flippant at all. There is an extreme bias towards building in this community. Sorry. Jump right in and start building something that interests you. An important learning technique is grinding through a real-ish world problem. If you're open to the idea, I suggest Python and Web2py. With a bit of programming knowledge, I suspect you could pick up both Python and Web2py in less than a week and be coding with reasonable efficiency. The Web2py "Book" includes a summary on Python which is enough to get you started. The nice thing about Web2py is you can easily run it locally on Mac/Windows/*nix and deploy to a server whenever. Good luck. I added the 200 bytes/page to my ecommerce site in about 5 minutes. Without a free tier, I'm out. I want to make the purchase decision on my timeline, not yours. I've operated several freemium services so I know how cheap, easy and important it is. I worry about Groupon but not for the reasons here. Regarding the financials, it could easily ratchet down acquisition and marketing spend and be very profitable. The barriers to entry arguments are very superficial. Sure, just programming a competing service and closing a few merchants is not that hard. But building an 8 figure mailing list is not easy. Finally, some suspected and I'm inclined to agree that the otherwise ridiculous payoff of early investors and employees might be explainable as necessary to turn down the Google offer. My main concern about Groupon is the core proposition may not actually work in the long term. There are all sorts of problems with fatigue, inherently cheapskate customers, high rates of existing customers, worsening economics, etc. I'd say get started with one instance and go from there. You will be able to first increase the instance, second separate the database out onto a 2nd instance and third, add instances. Two things you might want to consider or DotCloud which takes some of the pain out of scaling and Joyent which has a free year of hosting for preferenced treatment for Facebook apps: http://www.joyentcloud.com/developers/free-facebook-develope... Having someone who knows the code base spend even just one hour with you can be extremely valuable. Thank Zend Framework for that. I used to think that but Spree Commerce is pretty nice. And Rails, too. I'm surprised they don't do something nifty with the x.com domain. I had some ideas when I was still there. Housing developer content seems pretty lame. They've had prostores.com for quite some time and while it does have a good number of merchants using it, it's far from best-in-class. I would expect much of that to migrate over to Magento (and Magento Go) which is slightly better and more modern. But I don't think my expectations are that high. The tone of your writing sounds too much like theoretical knowledge and too little of practical knowledge. Maybe try and identify at least one aspect of scaling that you could do a deeper dive on. You might cover an approach to scaling which could include a bit of design, a lot of measurement and a lot of iteration. And I wouldn't leave out caching. I suppose it could be interesting but I was unable to join and was not able to read the text on the How It Works page. I get a little concerned when I read a statement like "Shoppers have no good way to shop online". My experience is almost diametrically the opposite. It will depend a bit on if you are visiting San Francisco or Silion Valley. They are not really the same place and in fact are 20-50 miles from each other. You could probably do SF on less than $350/day and SV on less than $250/day. if you were extremely economical, reduce those by $50-100. You totally missed the point of the article. By putting in a limitation, you are actually making it easier for other person (a good thing, no doubt). And to address your multi-talents, you use different limitations with different people. My experience is exactly the same as the OP's: if you have little idea of what interests you, I am not eager to make introductions. It cannot be overstated: help people help you. You have to look at it from the other person's perspective. You have to help me help you. I need to be confident in my introductions. I know a lot of people so you need to help me narrow it down. And I would prefer to have a story. This probably won't be settled in an HN thread but for what it's worth, I like spaces (Python). The other religious war that seems unresolvable is where to put braces in languages like PHP. What drove me nuts was the more common Allman style with braces on new lines. Thank goodness I'm on Python now. The tighter code is so much more pleasant to look at and work with. I hear you, but I think the headline really invites the strong counter-response. The use of the word "dangerous" is provocative to say the least. This article makes no sense. First, Reed Hastings would never be a co-CEO, even to Steve Jobs. Second, just this week we've hearing of Reed's disdain for hiring quantity over quality. The Netflix and Microsoft cultures probably could not be further opposite. What role would you play? Most seed raises are in the $500k-$1m range these days in which case the first handful of employees are expected to work for about half salary, so that's not surprising. Except that you say they raised upwards of $4m in which case salaries should be closer to market (but still lower). If yours is a key role, .6% is too low. 1% or more might be right. But it depends a lot on the importance of your role (engineer vs non-engineer, role player vs manager/director). Is neither founder technical? Watch out. Why is Dwolla using a .org? Also, I think a plain English description of what Dwolla is or is trying to do would be helpful (and I've been in the payments business for the past 20 years). People aren't going to see your videos because you have a bad attitude. Everyone keeps saying this but then it never goes any further. Is there a problem or not? Does it depend on who you talk to and what their agenda is? Probably true for certain things but demonstrably overcome by the web's advantages. I'm always skeptical of the "I'm right, my agency sucks" contractor. What you should do is try to figure out what it takes to make the agency delight the client. If you can do that, you are valuable. Otherwise you're just sand in a crank. This reasoning seems neither well thought out nor well written. I'm not even sure where to begin. First, if you know two variables go in to a score and you know one variable, you can make a pretty good guess of the second variable based on the result. Second, a page with only one comment (or just a few) is probably not important enough to serve as a data point. No, Checkout and Enstore are staying with Sofa's JV partner, Acclivity, makers of the US versions of MYOB. On one hand this stinks because Acclivity has shown little ability to create excellent software. On the other hand, Sofa's development speed is crazy slow. Way too much pixel-pushing. Same with Checkout and Enstore. While Sofa has pretty good design skills, it's development speed leaves a bit to be desired. http://techcrunch.com/2011/06/09/airbnb/ I think unfortunately that is a bit too narrow for most startups. I'm not sure if the "master of none" comment was meant to be pejorative but you have to understand that startups have to execute on a wide variety of tasks with limited resources. That doesn't leave much room for non-essential specialization. The networking stuff might be a good exercise but doesn't seem exceedingly practical. Build a shopping cart, Reddit clone, blog, forums or other big category web app in a framework like Web2py. Doa payment integration, Facebook integration, Oauth, NoSQL DB, GAE, etc. Make sure to use version control and try using Fabric or some other deployment tool. At my last company (in San Francisco), we had a (founding) CTO based in Paris and a lead engineer periodically in Boston and it actually worked out fine. However I generally would not recommend it. Some companies can pull it off like 37 Signals or WordPress but they usually have grown up that way. I would say that if you like the company and are good, you should try to arrange some sort of lead engineer role where you can work on some of the pressing tasks the company needs as well as some projects that sometimes make better sense for an external solo engineer to complete. But, if anything, the App Store has proven that lower, non-zero, prices are better. The App Store has also demonstrated that 0.00 is no longer a magic number when your payment information is on file. If I got the same value, I would definitely take the 9.99/hr one. LegalZoom is IPOing because I'm not the only one. But of course we all know that when you pay $300/hour for legal services, you are paying for insurance, not the actual service. There's nothing legally wrong with changing your product's price. If it were a subscription product, you may run into trouble. Also if you were advertising the old price, you might run into bait-and-switch laws. I would like to have at least seen a chart of sales and web site traffic. More interesting for me is now living Microsoft-free. Is this some kind of joke? Sales opportunities are being missed due to the ridiculous form one is being asked to fill out to get a stupid white paper from an irrelevant old geezer of a company (that probably had nothing to do with the white paper's creation). Yuck. I don't think making these types of cross-country comparisons is all tha helpful. Do people know, for example, that in Germany it is illegal for most stores to be open on Sunday? Things work differently in different countries. We get it. Since I work with other people, I still see a lot of Word, Excel and PowerPoint docs and the non-Microsoft viewing options for those remain very weak. Also, I consider Google's offerings to be a pleasure to use. Would be nice if it were possible to migrate from a Group to a Page. Seems compelling except that I'm wondering how easy it is going to be for the customer. Assuming that's " many customers? Holy cow what is this world coming to! That said, I think the jury is still out on how much longevity the daily deals have. I suspect they will eventually take their place next to Sunday coupons as an important but not overwhelming tool for certain types of businesses. > The reason so many sites prompt for password is for security I doubt it. I think the reason has more to do with what their framework or authentication scheme supports or how rigorous they are with user engagement. > CAN-SPAM mandates 1-click opt-out Actually it requires one-click or two-click. And not for transactional emails. But then you only have to get to $110 to break-even. Regarding margins, it's the gross margins that are high. That's correct that overall profit margins are thin but gross margins are more important when discussing incremental business. I agree that it's better to be more thoughtful in how you handle existing customers and it's even worse spending 75% to give a 50% discount, however I don't think it's necessary to hide Groupons from existing customers. We encouraged all our customers to participate in our daily deals and spread the word. The customers appreciate it and we get more business. Finally, an interesting Bitcoin thread. I hate to say it but it's pretty difficult to feel sorry for the guy. I didn't see any mention of scraping. I actually think that making travel cheaper and more enjoyable, connecting visitors with hosts, utilizing unused space, etc. are pretty worthy objectives. I'm not misunderstanding. You said there'd be a $5 loss on a $100 order. I said a $110 order would thus break even. It's irrelevant to look at all the fixed costs when considering incremental revenue. Those would have been spent regardless. The Posie's owner has only been in business less than 2 years and did not seem particularly business savvy. In agree that you probably gt adverse selection but also not relevant in this thread. The only reason this project is interesting is because it does not use any server side processing (beyond serving). Any way to upload or email a PDF? You should be able to get an MVP for less than 50k (there was guy on hn recently who would do it for 5). As others have stated, the language doesn't matter that much and don't worry about scaling (you'll be lucky to have that problem). Your impression of a tech cofounder is off. That person would typically roll up his sleeves and code. Startups require doers, not thinkers. Sorry, I'm going to splash some cold water on this situation. Except for senior management and engineering, pretty much everyone is replaceable. As others have suggested, your currently pay will serve as baseline and it's hard to think anoff would be mre than 20 or 30% above that. But I have two tips for you: 1) ask for a review after 6 months at which point you might be able to earn a raise. 2) if this is a tech startup that you think has a lot of potential and stock options are a component of pay, it might be smart to trade a few k in salary for more than a few k in addiional stock. It's really amazing how poor ebay's user experience is. But the ads are obnoxiously user hostile. Advertising on the Internet is fine but it does not belong on eBay utility pages or competing with sellers' items. But you do have to confirm your email address to do anything important. I though th writer was going to say that clicking on a search result is a decent proxy for +1. Returning quickly could be -1/2. That's an odd label. I wonder what the reasoning is behind it? We have a pretty good idea of what would have happened without the us government developing the Internet: 1) compuserve, genie, aol, prodigy, et al. and 2) SMS messaging.