I have one big problem with fingerprint authentication (really, any sort of biometric authentication). If I lose my password I can reset it. If I give out my password, either accidentally or under duress, I can change it. If someone wants something so badly as to copy (or take) a fingerprint, there's no way for me to "change" that password. The atmosphere of Mars is over 95% CO2[1] which I imagine could support the propagation of bacteria. The Moon doesn't have much of an atmosphere at all (a trillionth of what the Earth has).[2] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_Mars [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_the_Moon Initial platform choice aside, I think this was the right course of action. For three of you (all technical?), launching on two high-quality platforms simultaneously would be asking for trouble. For those of us that don't have our iPad in front of us at the moment, could you explain the Bento IAP is and what we get for that $15? > I guess, but Zookeepers could also potentially talk about "What are the pros and cons of Gorillas vs Sharks?" And on an appropriate forum with as many readers as SO/SE you'd likely get well-thought out responses going far into detail regarding purchase cost, habitat maintenance, prevalence of skilled keepers, etc. Someone who actually was deciding whether to add a Gorilla enclosure or a shark aquarium would find it a very enlightening post. I understand you created SO/SE and want to see it move in a certain direction, but closing and deleting questions you don't like because it threatens your "science-in-the-small" goal is, I think, a terrible way to go about it. (FTR, I understand Jeff is not personally going around deleting stuff on the site) Thanks for the reply, Stefan, but I think you misunderstood what I meant by "appropriate" (thought I understand your use); I meant the zoological equivalent of SO/SE (Zoooverflow?) There's a world of difference between "I want to learn Perl or Python, what are the pros and cons of each?" and "What's your favorite programming cartoon?" I think moderation efforts would be much better spent directing the answers to the open-ended questions away from monoglotist flame wars and toward an honest discussion (there's that word again) of something. I don't think anyone would complain about aggressively closing questions like the one you posited. As a programmer, I've also dealt with the programmer ninja rockstar gurus who think anything less than 90% equity for building on top of someone else's platform is a personal insult to them. There are just as many jerks with over-inflated egos on the programming side as there are on the business side. FYI I found a typo on your FAQ page: What if I purchased the least popular t-shirt multiple times? Nice going! You will receive a coupon giving you free t-shirts in the same quanity as your purchase of the least popular t-shirt. The important part is that the article - and ultimately, the funding - are because of 9gag users uploading stuff they find on r/pics and r/funny, even though they'd never admit that (much like most Redditors would never admit the majority of Reddit's memes either originated from or are directly from 4chan). I'm sure it's no accident that there are 37 projects. I'd be more interested to hear feedback from people who aren't featured in the ebook. Looks interesting to say the least. FYI I did the Symfony demo, then signed in with Google and got a 404 error. It did save my progress, but I had to re-authorize before I could get back to the list of languages. Fantastic product, though. I see myself using this a lot. Any chance of a C# version coming along? This is an important question I think should be answered Tambur.io looks great. Another alternative if someone is looking for hosted SSL on a free plan would be Buddy http://www.buddy.com/pricing/ , free for the first half million API calls with unlimited applications. Pretty steep at $250/mo for 500,001-10MM calls. IIRC that's already something Facebook does with regard to the feed (as you mentioned). Say you get a friend request from someone you went to HS with, but outside of accepting the request you never interact with them on FB. They could post every day but you'd likely never see it. I would imagine that the strength of the intersection of their graph with yours would play a role in this as well. Can anyone who works at FB comment on this? I'd imagine this is one of the back-end engineering problems the developers there would enjoy working on. > Unfortunately SaaS doesn't work for us > I recommend you to use Zendesk Come on I'm somewhat curious why this spam hasn't been downvoted into oblivion. Am I the only one that's bothered by seeing that red dotted underline for ANonce, SNonce and Ack? As edw519 pointed out, I didn't do my research before making that flip comment. I didn't mean any offense by it and I apologize. I'm not a fan of loopholes either, but they exist and it'd be ridiculous to expect those able to not to take advantage of them. They'd just be burning off a percentage of their income. Everything Romney's done has been legal, if impolitic. I challenge everyone acting like he's the antichrist to show us their tax returns where they made a gift deposit to the US Treasury, because that's essentially what a lot of people expected him to do. I think if you were to look at all college dropouts (not just those that leave to go to SF) you would see it's certainly not a symptom of success. There are definitely successful people without degrees but it is the exception rather than the rule. It also depends on your definition of successful. By most definitions (including mine) this guy isn't. YC may change that, but it may not. I don't think it will have much to do with his degree, or lack thereof. If he lets you. Please take this with a grain of salt - I could only find it on Alternet[1] and I looked for the Gallup source they're referencing but shouldn't find it. The article is from December of 2011 as well. In the top 1% of US households (those with an income above ~$550,000 a year according to this article, but I've seen lower-end figures ranging from $380-660k/yr), 72% have a college degree v. 31% of the lower 99%. "Nearly half" of the top 1% has some form of post-graduate education v. less than 1 in 5 of the 99%. A lot of the 1% are CEOs, licensed professionals (JDs, MDs) and Wall Street executives, all positions the require baccalaureate or postgraduate degrees in almost every case. [1] http://www.alternet.org/story/153341/10_fun_facts_about_the_... I was being facetious, but this is actually an excellent point. Perfect example of something that's been available for ages but people somehow think they need a shiny web app (SaaS with a monthly subscription, of course) to do. Could this have something to do with the superstitious aspect of baccarat? The fact that the deck has been shuffled before it got to the casino but not even the casino itself has any way of knowing the order? The article mentioned superstition, but I've never played baccarat myself. No offense, but just about everything in your comment is wrong. Your argument that suits are dead is way off the mark. Maybe in San Francisco it's not expected to wear a suit to a job interview or to meet with clients, but in every job I've ever worked at the men were expected to wear a suit and tie more often than not. Your 1% comment doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever. Are you saying that only households making over $340k a year[1] would spend that much on a suit? My first job out of college was for $28k a year in a city. I had to spend much of that first year buying $600-800 suits because that's what I was expected to wear. I have friends that make what I make now and gladly drop twice what I would on a suit. It doesn't have anything to do with income. I believe this was mentioned elsewhere, but a $4,000 suit isn't mainly about income or wealth, it's about taste. Pick up any $4,000 suit from a custom clothier and hang it up next to a $350 suit from Men's Wearhouse. You will absolutely be able to tell the difference from the other side of the room. [1] http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/top-1-percent-earn.asp... Maybe it's just me, but wearing jeans to a wedding or funeral and not wearing a jacket and tie to a interview immediately signal disrespect and that the guest/candidate is too lazy to put in the requisite effort. Maybe the weather has something to do with that as well? I live in a very temperate part of the Northeast. Is Stripe that other provider? I've been contemplating switching but I agree with your sentiment that PayPal's fraud detection is the best available right now. I'd definitely be interested in seeing a write-up about integrating Stripe with third-party fraud detection systems. I didn't see this, I apologize. I will submit my question there. Thanks! "The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy." Is this book appropriate for someone who has never used Heroku before or is it geared toward folks who have beginner-level experience with it? Try using http://hnpickup.appspot.com/ This is an excellent point and one you should send to Stripe if you haven't already. No sarcasm intended, but how can you justify paying $65/mo for something like Chargify? Does it offer some value that I'm not seeing on their site? If this page is any indication of the actual app, I'm actually looking forward to paying for it. What exactly does one's gender have to do with using these tools? I do wish I had caught that before it was deleted. That is a good point; having some code to look at (or even copy) before writing my first ticketing application could have easily saved me a few hundred hours. Still, $65/mo seems a bit much. Best of luck, though. Was Arash central to choosing to invest? What I mean is do you think you would have passed if he hadn't found a co-founder by the interviews? I live in a small Pennsylvania borough with an operating budget of about $1 mil/year (this includes all services for the entire borough of 3-4 precincts). Our police department is 8 full-time officers and 3 part-time officers with I believe 2 full-time admin/support staff in the office. We have 5 cruisers, 4 SUVs and at the last borough council meeting the council approved the purchase of a 6th brand new cruiser and a new fleet of AR-15 style rifles for the officers. Because America. No way this goes more than an hour or two without being closed. Daisy, does this take into account costs such as maintenance, home repairs, etc or is it strictly financial in terms of rent payment v. mortgage payment? The center may be whiter but they get that terrible grey circle on them. I seriously doubt they just up and decided to take all your money. What policy or agreement did you violate? > Having a massive buying power, the prices of these basic products will be much, much cheaper than any grocery store. No, it won't. You think a startup will have more buying power than WalMart? Giant? Even smaller chains like Weis or Kroger's would blow it out of the water in terms of monthly product purchased. If you were specializing in a niche market like luxury types of foods this could probably work. I agree that it'd likely take someone with experience in logistics/SCM to pull it off but there is a market for it. I originally started consulting in 2009 after being laid off; I had a client in two days (acquaintance already) at $50 an hour. Three and a half years later my advertised rate is $125/hr or $800/day, with a few clients being grandfathered into lower rates (usually only if I know they're on a tight budget and have a decent amount of work in the pipeline). Don't misunderstand me: I have lost clients because I raised my prices. Maybe that was a failure on my part to adequately explain the reasoning behind the increase and the value they were getting. Regardless, those aren't the kinds of clients I want anyway. I don't want to deal with someone complaining their invoice is $1480 instead of the $1450 I estimated. Obviously not the OP but I'd like to offer my experience. I've told every client of mine they'll get a 15% payment off any referral's first contract (ongoing if it's a retainer), and offered the same deal to many friends who know the business I'm in. I haven't gotten a single call or email about it. If people like you, they will refer you to everyone who will listen. If they don't, they'll talk bad about you to even more people. Offering a few hundred dollars or even more is, in my experience, not going to sway them one way or the other. Never tried it, but I've also never met a professional recruiter who knew anything about our industry. Looks like a shotgun to me, but the image is blurry. What is there to open source? It's HTML, CSS and JS. Especially since they're in Detroit. Asking a question does not denote offering legal advice. Your laziness is not something to be lauded, and it is not cute or quirky (which I believe you think it is based on that emoticon). I don't know why you got downvoted, that seems like a reasonable question to me. My uneducated opinion is that that would be willful infringement. It would be your responsibility to see if the patent is granted, and if it is to cease whatever you're doing that could infringe. Note: this isn't what I agree with, just my understanding of how it is currently. IANAL Edit: I think ceasing any potentially infringing activity after you learn the patent is awarded would quash any notion of you willfully infringing and would allow you to say "I stopped as soon as I had to, but here's why I shouldn't have had to in the first place..." if it ever got to that point. Not to my knowledge; there may be a resource through the USPTO. How would you suggest someone without any experience in physical products get that required knowledge? A friend and I have an idea for a physical product and we're in the process of building the garage prototype now. When that's finished and if we think it's a fit for Kickstarter, what resources should we find so we don't set goals too low, etc? What about having an IQ in the top 2% isn't a big deal? Tortoise beating the hare? It's possible the HN algorithm detects a steady, consistent stream of users, an above-average percentage of which upvote something compared a flash-in-the-pan type of posting. Two minor things: (1) that survey prompt keeps popping up even though I've already filled it out, and (2) the survey should open in a new window so I don't need to click the back button multiple times just to get back to your site. Other than those minor nitpicks I like what I see so far. > The idea that you might have to bump your college degree by 5 years is unimaginable at age 22. Or to anyone with a conscience who doesn't want to become known as a liar. I don't know anyone, even in HR, who expects a resume to show the whole truth.. But Jesus, are we at a point where we don't expect to only show the truth? Michael says playing with dates isn't dishonest. Bullshit. It's incredibly easy to "play" with the dates (e.g., lie ) to hide the fact you're fired from every job you've ever had within the year and it takes you six months to find new employment. Half this thread is people saying "Don't lie, because that makes you a liar, and nobody likes liars." and the other half is people saying "Just because I lie on my resume doesn't mean I'm a liar because this one time a company did something bad to me so that makes this unrelated occurrence totally okay." Like you said: disgusting. You also get into some issues with time off, vacations, etc. But I have no doubt companies (and the naive prospective employees) that have this type of access do that. Just because it's a MoJo article doesn't mean this is the place to wax philosophic about your personal political beliefs. How did you learn to play golf? I've wanted to learn for some time but don't know where to start. I don't think option A ever hurts the former employer, or at least only in the rarest of circumstances. If I apply for a job and it's down to me and Candidate X, both of which have n years of experience in software development, I am going to be pissed if he gets the job because I'm an honest person and he's "padded" his resume for every job to where he now has n +2 years of experience. I think the reason this gets such a visceral reaction from folks on my side of the argument is that there's no way to know how often this happens (my guess is truthfully that it happens more often than not, even just the "padding" of a month or two to hide or lessen stretches of unemployment). Which pushes people to mass transit, lowers overall consumption of gasoline, decreases revenue from car registration and gas taxes and bankrupts the transit system. Edit #1: I'm being intentionally glib, but the point is that it's not as simple as "raise taxes" or "take the bus." Edit #2: I'd love to hear a counterpoint instead of just downvotes. Please explain to me how the spirit of what I said is incorrect. For the most part, rail travel is private industry in the US - that means it has to make a profit. Obviously if you make something very cheap or free you're going to have a lot more people willing to use it. It will also cease to exist as a private enterprise very quickly. I don't want to make this solely a political point, but it's a hard sell to convince me that it's inherently good to incentivize mass transit in the first place, let alone that it should be nationalized by default and offered below cost or for free. Why Lua? Ignoring all the screen capture and webcam nonsense and focuses strictly on the location tracking: should it be expected for a company that will by its definition attract deadbeats and scammers be required to detail its security measures? It sucks that you have to put up with this, but let's not pretend it's a "big chunk." According to the Journal of Deaf Studies and Deaf Education, an article published in 2005 cites 11MM HOH and deaf individuals in the United States[1]. The Population Reference Bureau cites 296MM US citizens in the same year[2]. It's important to note that according to the first source, "over half" of those that are HOH or deaf are over 65 - likely not the target market of this video. Even if we were to completely ignore the demographic issue of who makes up the majority of HOH and deaf individuals, we're talking about just over 3.7% of the population in the US (I would assume it's roughly similar when extrapolated to the entire internet population). I think that anyone for whom the HOH and deaf population was a target market would certain take every opportunity to make their materials accessible. [1] http://jdsde.oxfordjournals.org/content/11/1/112.full - ABSTRACT [2] http://www.prb.org/pdf05/05worlddatasheet_eng.pdf - PAGE 2 Just curious :) What was the CTA before? Right now it says "Get Started Now" which is clearly not the case. SEEKING WORK - remote I am available for 10-20 hours weekly beginning November 15. I am working remotely from the US East Coast. My skill set is varied and includes: - BACK END: PHP (8 years), WordPress (2 years), .NET (2 years), Python ( Contact information is in my profile. Which tablet is that? I've got an iPad, a Macbook Air and a custom-built PC. I think the next logical step is a tablet running Linux. Glad to see a response. I didn't catch the original job posting before it was taken down, but I have to wonder: why was it taken down in the first place? Regardless, Streak seems like an interesting product. I think the argument is closer to the fact that we don't let physicians in India immediately be physicians in the US. People writing PHP for $15 an hour in India are seen as the same level as people writing PHP (or other language) for $125 an hour in the US and Europe. > ...or to be otherwise officially recognized by a U.S. state or federal government agency Why is it a bad idea to require recognition before handing out an .edu domain? As stated earlier people implicitly trust those domains and emails coming from them, and it would be downright dangerous to let untrustworthy nations hand them out to anyone. I believe you're lost. This is HN, not ThinkProgress. I'm familiar with your history on HN and your work with open source and appreciate both, so please do not take offense to this. You are completely and totally wrong about everything you just said. I run a business and every client signs a contract agreeing to mandatory binding arbitration. Why? Court cases are expensive, and most of my clients are attorneys themselves or have significantly more resources than I do. Both sides agree on an arbitrator and each side pays 50% of the fee. Arbitration is not some back room circle jerk where the defendant gives the arbitrator a couple hundred bucks for a favorable ruling, and the notion that it is is offensive to people like me who rely on that option. And guess what? If the arbitration was like that, you're within your right to sue. I exclusively use HSL notation because if you're using less functions like spin(), [de]saturate() and [lighten|darken]() it's what makes the most sense. The comparison to judges would be a fair comparison if both parties paid 50% of the judge's salary, and both parties had to agree on which judge to use. Arbitrators are simply not chosen and paid for by the corporations. The way it is typically done is that one arbitrator is agreed upon by both parties (negating any implications of foul play), or each party chooses one and those two arbitrators choose a third. I think it was mentioned elsewhere that contracts that are both (A) between parties of vastly disparate power, e.g. Microsoft's EULA and the average Xbox gamer; and (B) "take it or leave it" style contracts have been ruled on at least one occasion to be untenable. Understanding this is not usually the case in the US, I'd rather have a legal system that seemed unfair unless you researched the details than one tried to seem fair from the outside at the risk of being unfair to specific groups. If there is anything wrong with HN, you're it. The OP posted something that is well done, that (s)he spent the weekend working on, and is getting constructive feedback from everyone in the thread except you. But, since you seem to have crowned yourself the Arbiter of Quality, let's take a look at what you've contributed, shall we? 1. A python script to download free PSDs in bulk. 2. Two links to some DNS website (with a total of 3 votes and 0 comments) 3. A blog post talking about President Obama and renewable energy. 4. Hilariously, you also posted a meme about user negativity v. HN quality: http://memegraphs.com/memes/729c21bf62f51120855f5b5a8794b2fc... So before you make snarky comments about how bad HN has become, maybe you should actually try contributing something of value. Or leave. Either one would be a net gain for the rest of us. And the invoice price is always more than they pay for the vehicle anyway. It's not uncommon to see new vehicles advertised at several hundred below invoice (most I've seen is -$300 or so). Let me get this straight, you want a Stripe cookie that remembers a user's payment information across unrelated websites ? This. Give someone a project that should take no more than n hours to complete and give then n/2 days to do it, preferably including a weekend. That should be plenty of time for some folks, even employed. Which is a cop out anyway. Programmers don't get paid to "write code," they get paid to solve problems. Part of that is discussing options and strategies with teammates and making sure everyone is on the same page (or as close to the same page as possible when you have teammates with vastly disparate specialties and expertise). I specifically remember getting a letter in the mail a few weeks ago alerting me to this. Seriously guys, stop this. It's never as simple as "oh man Stripe needs to come to [country I just so happen to live in] because they'd make so much money it can't be that hard ." Yes, it can and it is. Stripe is doing everything right - focusing on a quality product and taking small steps to make it available to as many people as possible without damaging the quality of that product . It's a hell of a lot easier for someone in Germany to rip off Stripe and comply with all the German regulations than it is for Stripe to come in with no assets on the ground and figure it all out. They could be in Asia and the entire EU in under a year, I'm pretty sure. Their platform would implode and we'd all talk about how Stripe used to be good, and now it's worse than PayPal and how the executives screwed the pooch. To do things right takes time. Months, even years. If Stripe isn't available in your country, maybe you should build it. Disclosure: I do not work for Stripe, but I've worked with their API as well as the APIs of Piryx/Rally and PayPal. Stripe's is the best (Piryx is a close second but they've transitioned to Rally and last I checked Rally didn't have an API), and I'm as huge a fan as I could be having never processed a penny of real money through their servers. Any idea if or when we'd be able to white label the account creation process and/or use the API to register users? I know it's a bit of a leap to get someone willing to sign up for my service just to have to say "okay, now you just need to sign up for this other service you've never heard of..." Completely OT but I really like your site's design. Thanks for the response, Amber. This is definitely the best alternative to just saying "I need you to create a Stripe account, come back when you've done it." Look at the pixels? Why are people like you incapable of having a debate about something on its merits, instead relying on straw man arguments and attacks? > So we should do away with all regulation then? The parent didn't say that and nobody outside of the former Paul campaign has ever suggested. This is exactly what I'm talking about. > Anyway we can sort out the details ... after the election Stop using month-old Democratic talking points for your arguments and maybe people would take you more seriously. > Plenty of nations ... have implemented national schemes ... and none of them suffer from the stuff that you read about coming from the right's bullshit machine. So there it is, the right's "bullshit machine" as you put it. Let's ignore the fact that the US is several times the size of any western European country, much less homogenous and with a greater income disparity even between the 2nd and 4th quintiles. But yes, because it works for 62 million Britons, clearly if someone doesn't think it will work for 312 million Americans they (a) are racist; (b) are stupid; (c) hate poor people; (d) all of the above. Why would you not punish people for late payment? There's really no need to be such an asshole. Because you can't just say "we're going to disrupt the way people campaign/vote/get elected." It is a staggeringly massive government bureaucracy even at the most local levels, and it prevents that kind of change at every point possible. Edit: Not to mention the fact that as much as we like to pretend all politicians and millionaire slime balls, they're working people providing for their families. Very few are going to entertain the idea of running their campaign in an entirely different way because chances are they'll lose their job if they do. > I don't see a reason you can't. I've worked on campaigns professionally from 2002-2010 and I've run local and state races, including my own for borough council and school board. Why can't we change the way campaigns are run? Campaigns would be the easy part to change, but even then it depends what you want to change. Are you talking about new technology? The Romney campaign is doing a decent job of utilizing technology in how they're collecting voter contact results from phones and doors, organizing volunteers and managing fundraisers. Obama did an excellent job as well in 2008, especially compared to the CF that was the McCain campaign. If you want to make changes to the way fundraising works and the influence of money in politics, it will need to be incremental. That isn't something you can just cut off overnight for several reasons, the two biggest being that (A) nothing happens overnight in Congress, and (B) Members of Congress would essentially be shutting down their means of securing re-election. Why can't we change the way people vote? For the same reason a PA court placed an injunction on that state's Voter ID law: you can't deprive an otherwise qualified individual of his or her constitutional right to vote. You want to have internet voting? You better have a plan to give everyone in the country high speed internet access and be prepared for the unrelenting torrent of lawsuits when the server goes down. I'd personally like to see internet voting someday, but you really need to have massive redundancy systems in place and plenty of checks to prevent fraud. What happens if the server is down all day? What about peak traffic? What if the database gets wiped 30 minutes before the end of voting? Anyone who knows about how government contracts are structured knows that would be an IBM and/or Diebold contract in the hundreds of billions. And it still wouldn't work. > I believe mass media dominate campaigns because of the sheer amount of money thrown into them. This statement makes it look like you think one is correlated to the other, which I'm not inclined to agree with. Because there's a lot of money in politics, that somehow means mass media "dominates" campaigns, whatever that means? I'm not sure what your alternative would be aside from information directly from the campaigns themselves (which is almost guaranteed to be skewed, if not incorrect). Half is optimistic. In non-presidential year congressional elections it's not uncommon to have less than 1 in 3 voting. In true off-year elections in odd years where most folks are voting on lower court judges (in my state, anyway), local representatives on councils and school boards, it's much closer to 1 in 5 or less. There are just over 600 people in my ward of my township. 67 people voted in 2011 for the Council seat that was up. It's disgusting. I would posit that the cause is somewhat different, though: the partisan zealots are the ones that vote in every single primary and general election. For those of you who vote for POTUS and that's all, there are actually two elections every year. The country as a whole I think is more moderate than 99% of our elected officials, but the country as a whole isn't voting. It's largely straight-ticket people voting, especially in off years. This results in Members of Congress becoming more extreme because those are the people voting for them. No. First of all, just because someone spends 18 hours a day on a computer does not mean they're a "native netizen." That's not a real thing. Secondly, you're still in [State/Country of residence] when you're online . Just because someone is checking Twitter in a bathroom in Minnesota does not mean they're no longer subject to laws and regulations in Minnesota. Are you going to school online or on campus? Full or part time? Working? I still don't understand why they're only limited to allowing developers from a few select employers and Stanford/MIT grads. I'll be the first to admit I don't really know anything about cross-datacenter redundancy; however, I always thought that was pretty high on the list once you had SaaS products that were pulling in enough revenue to warrant full-time employees outside of the founders. What are the reasons why you would choose not to do it? Are they all financial or are there other implications? Great explanation, thank you. Since you're violating Shutterstock's TOS I'd be curious to hear what you plan on doing with the logo and the "designer" who made it for you. A few points: You're not charging nearly enough. If you're good enough to build a startup's MVP there's no reason for you to charge less than $80-100/hr. It doesn't matter where you live, either; code written in New York City works the same way as code written in Omaha. I'm going to second the general consensus and say that no, you shouldn't, unless you're getting something else out of it with a potential upside above your current rate. If you're going to risk getting paid nothing more than a fraction of your already low rate, the upside needs to compensate for that. Personally, I don't think you should take equity. Too many startups fail and even for successful startups equity generally means squat unless you're raising a ton and can take some off the table, or you're profitable and can get a disbursement. If I were in your position, I'd agree to the $2k flat rate, capped at n hours (100?). If it goes over, $20/hr thereafter. Ask for a royalty off the top of every subscription/widget/sale, something like the lesser/greater of $x or y% depending on their model. Instead of someone skimming profits that will most likely never materialize, you're a cost of doing business before they become profitable. Asking for equity guarantees you a slice of what will most likely be nothing. Asking for a royalty gets you a small sum with every sale. And you've still got the $2k. I once very briefly considered taking a job in DC (I live in south central Pennsylvania). It would have been a 2 hour drive not accounting for traffic, then a 30-minute metro ride into the city. Accounting for traffic I'd likely have to be out the door between 4 and 4:30 just to make it into the office by 8. I didn't get anything of value here. The bullet points: * Most lists have a subscription rate of 1-2% * Most lists have an unsubscription rate of 1-3% * Not surprisingly, most lists aren't growing at all or are growing very slowly. This is probably not the best way to try to hijack this thread. If it was interesting and/or warranted discussion I'm sure folks would have started discussing it. What data source(s) did you use to display counties? I think it would be more horrible to expect everyone to get 85 regardless of whether they're starting at 82 or 52. Am I the only one that has no idea what in the hell this guy is talking about? There is not a single specific in the entire article. "I got a phone call about some bad stuff happening, so we talked to someone, but it wasn't tweeted, so everything was cool." Was this a particularly "niche-y" software that you had (perhaps unknowingly?) positioned yourselves as the leaders? Presumably it wasn't The Next Big To-Do App but something that gave quite a bit of value. It really is just a matter of charging more. Don't take more work for less than $ n an hour. Grandfather older clients in if you want, or don't if they're not the type of client you'd want to work with long term. As Patrick said in the article, there's no secret to charging more, except charging more. I have a full time job and have intentionally priced myself so that I only have one or two side jobs at any one time ($125/hr for PHP). I am also not actively seeking any work, the last couple jobs have been from existing clients or new ones that have former clients working there now. Given my experience with intentionally raising prices 30%+ across the board and taking 50 hours/week off the table, I have little doubt there's practically a line out Patrick's door with CEOs holding $10-50k checks in their hands. It appears the author of the article is throwing a hissy fit because of this comment and has deleted the article. > Bearing in mind, I’m the one who took the time to write a post, so I don’t have to tolerate bullshit comments. Apparently disagreeing with him/her is something (s)he doesn't have to tolerate. I would think it'd be closer to a mast/NJP (non-judicial punishment) where you basically get yelled at, get some sort of grunt duty (cleaning the latrine for a month?), maybe have a note in your file if the CO deems it severe enough. Oh, wow, "Enterprisons." You're quite witty and original, I must say. Shouldn't this be linked to the original Bloomberg article? He's a smart guy and a very hard worker; my only source of hesitation is that I don't have any evidence he's ever had any interest in startups/business ownership/etc. I didn't consider that he may not see a role for himself at the beginning (or even at all). He has already spoken to a couple potential customers to varying degrees of interest, ranging from "show me a working version" to "take my money now." Would it be better to have something like 0/1/2 which is essentially IRV, or some other method of point distribution among candidates? I know next to nothing about black holes, is there any relation between the size of a black hole and the amount of matter it's "swallowed?" What this intentional? My advice is to either (A) find a technical co-founder or (B) learn enough to be the technical co-founder. I don't believe the trial here requires a credit card until the trial is over (to continue using the service). It does, but not as much as most every other culture. I've worked places where 2/3 or more of the employees would go out drinking 2+ nights a week and others where you'd think everyone was a recovering alcoholic. I'd imagine positions that require a lot of networking and personal contacts (sales, Executive positions) would have more of this than your regular Joe grunt programmer. The point is that if your contribution ends at "this sucks," then you're not helping anyone out. What I took from this is to either provide helpful, constructive criticism, or be quiet and let the people actually doing something instead of complaining on Twitter do it. At least andrewkkirk wasn't the one that submitted it. This is just supposition, but I believe that it is also periodically increased. It was around 200 at one point, I think. As has been discussed multiple times on here and the original link, revenue != profit. Given the margins a company like Best Buy has to run to maintain competitive, it's almost assured that they made less than $27MM in profit off the program. Let's not forget that $5MM of that is non-compensatory damages, which are designed solely to punish the perpetrator (hence the term punitive ). I'm willing to bet the $5MM in punitive damages put Best Buy squarely in the red if they weren't there just after the $22MM. I don't think this is remotely relevant to this post, which about building a better UX in iOS applications. I agree that "better UX" is entirely subjective, and I didn't mean to imply otherwise. My point was that this is a UX-centric discussion and a mini-rant about advertising and marketing isn't really germane. I wondering this while reading the introductory paragraphs. While I will keep the bookmark, it's good to know that I may need to reference the documentation a little more than I might for other frameworks. Exactly; the whole reason they're on this site is that the police can't find them. It's reasonable to believe a decent percentage of them would have no idea that they're wanted. You know what @jacques_chester said further up the page? This is what he was talking about. On the issue of price, is there avenue where someone can purchase the book and "upgrade" to the higher packages later? Is it considered fair use to go through WP/Freshbooks/Mailchimp pages in a commercial product like this? This seems like a pretty good idea; was it difficult to get used to jsFiddle on the phone? Not to mention the fact that there's a whole new level of security to try to prevent sharing of code and folks using it past licensure dates that you don't need to worry about with a subscription/SaaS model. I think most people who care about it would either (a) already have Authy installed, or (b) care enough that downloading another app isn't going to prevent them. When it's opt-in you're really not going to get a lot of people saying "Okay, I guess I'll do it if you make it really easy for me." It's either important or it's not. Most folks on HN would probably say it is and enable it as a matter of course, especially for a service with as much business value as Stripe. I don't know a single tool in that list outside of tangential experience with Ruby. I've worked in some combination of Java, Objective C, C#/VB, PHP, Python and several types of SQL over the last decade. I would hardly call myself a beginner. It doesn't mean this tutorial isn't useful, just that it's only useful for the extremely small subset of developers who happen to use Ruby, HAML, SASS, and CoffeeScript. Something gun control advocates seem to forget is that gun ownership is a Constitutional right for Americans. You cannot compare it to driving a car, or buying a television, or buying something from Amazon. If you're going to compare to something else for the purposes of limiting and regulating it, you need to compare to voting, assembling, practicing your faith or some other Constitutional right. When you are required to get a license to cast your ballot or attend your church, then you can make the argument for getting a license to purchase a firearm. And I welcome you to explain to me how my owning a particular type of firearms constitutes "threat of death or injury." Brandishing is already a crime, so I fail to see what point you're trying to make. A stolen weapon used to commit a crime does not constitute a crime on the part of the original owner. In my state there is no legally required way to store a firearm. Shooting someone accidentally certainly leaves the person operating the firearm open to civil litigation, and possibly criminal prosecution. I don't think anyone has every implied otherwise. All the regulations that have been mentioned refer to purchasing a firearm. If you want to require rifles be locked up at night, make the argument that it will help prevent theft. Don't make the argument that someone can't purchase it in the first place. I'm not a "2nd Amendment absolutist" as you put it, no more than I am a free speech or free press absolutist. I have no problem with licensure or registration so long as it's not prohibitive, and you will be hard pressed to find gun owners who say there are no responsibilities associated with gun ownership. To get a license to carry a concealed firearm in my state requires $20 and a few weeks while they do a cursory background check, depending on the county. To get a handgun or rifle takes half an hour for a phone call background check. If politicians like Sen. Feinstein would stop talking about banning weapons wholesale that had nothing to do with any recent tragedy, and instead talk about a national level of firearms reciprocity (while requiring locations like NYC, Chicago and DC to come up to par), you'd see folks on the Right move quickly and decisively to supporting more common sense gun regulations. Is there not a single unbiased sentence in this article? I'm no fan of the Surface or Windows 8, but this is just ridiculous. I don't think people are browsing cutting-edge websites on their call center computers. Is it randomly picking a country it "thinks" I'm from? I opened seven products in different tabs and it's defaulting to US, Netherlands, Belgium, Russian Federation, US, US, and China. Sorry, maybe I'm not understanding you correctly, but if you accept a chargeback why would you get that money back? Isn't that essentially Stripe refunding a customer because that customer says you shouldn't have charged them in the first place? It most certainly is not. It's up there with "irregardless," "supposably," and "pacifically/the Specific Ocean." If you're a native English speaker there is absolutely no excuse for that kind of ignorance. Don't get me wrong, I love Stripe and despise PayPal, but Stripe is definitely not cheaper. It is at best the same price, but with high volume of sales is a decent amount more expensive than PayPal. If you're going to spout off nonsense like the folks at the Discovery Institute, I feel little remorse when you are publicly ridiculed. Edit: In my haste I think my reply may have been a little tangential. Intelligent Design is absolutely ridiculous. It carries no basis in scientific theory or observation. It is at best bad science and thinly veiled political and religious dogmatism, and at best a celebration of ignorance. If you want to believe the Earth is flat, or sitting on the shell of a turtle, or 6,000 years old, go for it. You can believe whatever you want. But when you start saying that publicly funded science classrooms should be teaching that drivel, you deserve every ounce of the hate, ridicule and ostracism that is coming your way. The last time legislation was posted in a knee-jerk fashion was 2001. Are you a fan of the Patriot Act? Nothing will be lost by having a sensible discussion and resisting the urge to pass whatever half-baked legislation gets written up the quickest. Hate is an intentionally strong word; I don't actually "hate" people that believe in ID. That being said, trying to get ID and other religiously-motivated nonsense into schools is a direct threat to everything those schools stand for. Edit: type fix. Unless you exclude suicide, in which case you see as more and more millions of guns are produced every year, murder (and even homicide overall, which includes self defense and accidental homicide) rates are at their lowest point since any time between 1998 and 2004 depending on which specific metric you look at. It is intellectually dishonest to include suicide when talking about "gun deaths." Is that 40% your required payment for SL? Especially with almost no safety net, you gain very little (and stand to lose quite a bit) by over-paying student loan debt unless you have a preposterously high interest rate. 100%? Of course not. The vast majority? I'm willing to bet, yes. The reason I think it's intellectually dishonest has nothing to do with suicide itself. When someone behind a keyboard or behind a news desk talks about gun-related deaths or gun violence, the image is of armed robberies, execution-style murder, and more recently the crazy white kid with the assault rifle. If you live in certain parts of the US you might think of gang violence. It does not evoke a mental image of the divorced alcoholic ending his life with a revolver, or the undiagnosed depressed college student with his dad's handgun. These are two thirds of gun-related deaths, and they're cheapened when pundits and members of Congress use them to try and score political points. This is an interesting statistic. What is the source, the WHO? I have no professional need for a book like this, but I enjoy Patrick's writings and have learned many things I can apply to my "real" work (internal BigCo applications). I may not buy this any time soon, but for anyone on the fence for whom this book is directly related to your work, buy it immediately and don't put it down until you're done. That makes sense. It sounds like you've got your stuff in order, but just in case I'd recommend running the numbers on that extra $200 to see if there's any place it could do you more good. While I feel for your colleague, I have to wonder why he didn't have a backup if these files were important enough to spend several days trying to get them back.[1] [1] http://www.jwz.org/doc/backups.html I would take a look at the link in my comment, there is a neat way to using external drives for Mac and Linux. I'm sure there's a similar way to schedule it in Windows, and I wish the author had gone into that instead of his tongue in cheek bashing, but I don't know it off the top of my head. I upvoted the article just because of your ignorant comment. It's not down, he sold it. Would that site be of any interest to HN or is it a niche site? I purchased my home in an oldish (early 1920's) area a little more than a year ago. We knew exactly what we wanted and that helped tremendously: * Price we were willing to pay "out the door" (a hard, absolute max that wouldn't leave us in dire straits if one of us lost our job) * How much work we were willing to do after the sale * Tied in with the above, a minimum 1-year, preferably 2-year warranty on major repairs paid for by the seller * Within a 30 minute rush-hour commute to the furthest employer * 30-year mortgage that we can afford to pay off in 15 years * Any school district except the worst few in the area (no kids yet, but this is our first home and we'll have it 5-10 years; when we move kids will be just entering the equation and we need to plan that we may not be willing or able to move) As with any negotiation, the most important thing is knowing exactly what you need, what you want, and what you can (and will) spend. The hardest part (for me anyway) is getting a deal that is everything I need, most of what I want but is 2% more expensive than my max and still being willing to walk away. > How is it excusable [...] The simple answer is "it's not." You're completely right that the people who do this crap are immature, irresponsible and have no business having the financial well-being of their employees in their hands. If you've got $10k earmarked and you need it for something else (such as electricity), it's your responsibility to contact the vendor, cancel work immediately , pay whatever portion of the $10k you're legally obligated to pay them because you signed a goddamned contract and hope that you have enough left over for whatever you need. My consulting contract specifically states that not only is the agreement between myself and the client company, but also between myself and the client company's principal(s) personally. I make it exceedingly clear both in the contract and in face-to-face discussions that I run a business, I'm not in the business of doing work without getting paid, and I will not waste months trying to get my money before turning to more serious measures (such as litigation, which has only had to happen once and was settled for the full amount within 24 hours of the original summons). Did you read the article? All of his clients operate in countries where gambling is legal. Most of his clients don't even operate casinos themselves. One would think quite the opposite, since presumably you'd be sitting at a desk while reading them. You are apparently not aware that the author himself created it as satire as part of a programming competition/game. Do you seriously not see the difference between John having $500 in the bank account and not being able to retain a private attorney and Jack having $500MM in the bank, but it gets frozen by the FBI , removing his ability to retain the attorney he's used for the past 20 years, just to have the FBI possibly give the money back after the case is over (without interest and after Jack's lost his house, mind you). Edit: I'd love for you to explain your rationale rather than just downvoting me. Fair point. If I could still edit I'd soften it up a bit (and delete the edit since it's above 0 again). It does exactly that, which is why I don't think it belongs on HN. I didn't click on that link to listen to someone I've never heard of complain about a service I've never heard of. I was expecting an intelligent opinion (and in these comments, a discussion) about what exactly "extraordinary support" means. Anyway, I think you're exactly right. This is the only way I was able to quit smoking. At its height it was about a pack a day (18-20). Every few days I'd reduce that daily number by one. Eventually it got to the point where a pack would last long enough that the last few cigarettes were stale and I'd have to throw the pack out. It doesn't take too long at that pace to just quit altogether. No, write half of one. At least in the case of 24bit PNGs, you (always) end up with 4x the pixels (2x width and 2x height) and (generally) end up with about 1.8x the size due to more efficient compression. This is definitely something that I think has been overlooked in this thread. If you're dealing with serious money (to the point where an individual is unlikely to be willing and able to spend that kind of money) the odds of even being able to use a credit card are slim to none. Enterprise companies do not generally use credit cards for large purchases. You're better off making sure you can handle POs and ACH (which for the life of me I couldn't tell you how to do outside of "try Dwolla"). I'm willing to bet this hour-old user account with one post is a shill. Paying sticker on a college education is like paying above sticker on a car. The college I went to was a private institution and had a sticker price of $35k my freshman year and over $40k my senior year. Room and board and textbooks were additional. I took loans for everything not covered by scholarships or grants and I owe barely $20k. Why is a ~130-column line of code necessary a bad thing? I'm not saying it's good and that we should shoot for any specific number, but I don't see why shorter necessarily means better. Disclaimer: I've been doing this for all of ~5 years so I have no experience with older terminal-style programming. What browser are you using? There's a background image. Perhaps defined-benefit retirement plans should not be in the public sector since they haven't been in the vast majority of the private sector for quite some time. Oh, so I guess there would be no recourse should NY pass a law outlawing newspapers, or barring the assembly of more than two people at any time? The Constitution absolutely does limit federal and state (and county, and municipal, and every ) government. It clearly limits the federal government more but to say the second amendment isn't limiting states (either via text or SCOTUS case law) is not true. > Period, end of story. Despite flailing politicians on both sides of the aisle, the Constitution is not as clear-cut as that. First of all, I don't know about you, but I don't come to HN and try to have a somewhat intelligent conversation just to be called stupid for expressing an opinion. Secondly and to your point, I am only speaking of defined-benefit "If you work here for x years you get y% of your salary." This is to say nothing of the health care (which is generally better than the private sector), the hours (which if you don't work for a legislator are generally better than the private sector), the guaranteed pay raise every year, the access to jobs you can only apply to if you already have a state job, and various small perks like free or cheap parking, food, etc. These are all benefits of the job and I had to take a serious look at the health care and hours for a state job when deciding between that and a corporate offer. I'm not here to argue whether or not defined-benefit retirement plans are inherently good or bad. I'm saying it's irresponsible and dangerous for a state to guarantee by law that they'll pay anyone a fixed amount of money for decades at some distant point in the future. This is why it's most dangerous. If the state gets bankrupted by some unforeseen catastrophe 30 years from now, it can't suspend, eliminate or trim pension payouts. Not even $0.01. By definition the fact that pensions offer better retirement income than defined-contribution plans like a 401k should be a giant red flag. The system implodes if you can't at least break even off of it, and if it was possible to make money off of them the private sector would still be using them. It completely baffles me how any person who can add could look at state budgets in our country and come to the conclusion that our problem isn't guaranteeing massive levels of debt for work done decades ago. If I had to pick one thing I dislike about HN, this is it. Not everybody works for a startup, and not everybody works in San Francisco. The majority of programmers work in 9-5 office jobs where if you left every day at 4 PM you'd be fired as soon as your supervisor(s) caught on. It doesn't mean you're working outside of IT (although that's likely) and it sure as hell doesn't mean you're working in an old fashioned company. Do you think any bank, healthcare provider, or BigCo business lets the programmers come in whenever they want and leave whenever their work is "done?" > Which I didn't suggest, I think? I didn't mean to suggest you said everybody works for a startup or in SF, but the tone of the post was such that I felt you were implying most (or even a large minority) of programmers do. > No, that's why I qualified my comment with "In modern IT-companies". Upon rereading it a few times, it's likely I misunderstood the tone of your comment, but I took it to mean essentially "this is how it is for the majority of programmers[, and if it's any other way that's ridiculous and there's no reason for it]." I have lived and worked my entire life on the east coast of the US. Because I'm not in NYC which is probably the closest the SF this side of Austin, the odds of me getting a job where I'm not required to be in my chair from 8 AM to 5 PM is slim to none. I think even across the US that sort of freedom only applies to a very slim (and very lucky) minority. We're both lucky then in terms of programmers in BigCos. I'm a developer in a non-IT Fortune 1k company and it's very much the same here (honestly I didn't expect BOA would be that good to you). Truthfully, if I had to leave at 1 PM I'd probably have to take a half day of vacation, but 3-4 PM? Hasn't been a problem the few times I've asked. 3-4 PM every day? "Get out of my office." Someone please write an algorithm that tests HN comment submissions against the transcripts of both Fox News and MSNBC. If your comment text appears in either, it doesn't get posted. As was said elsewhere in the thread, they are safety fires and the whole operation would be incredibly dangerous without them. s/Backers/"People who just pre-ordered something that doesn't exist yet" I thought the whole point of Kickstarter was to "kickstart" your project with an infusion of cash allowing you to quit your job/outsource more work/whatever to get to market? I never understood how people can do work for a company then be upset that that work becomes to the company and not them. The guy seems to be complaining that he can't show Apple's IP on his website? Come on. I'd imagine there's quite a bit of room for innovation from both a design and technical perspective in that space given the stigma around working in it. I feel like it's the copy equivalent of that old story about the new "developer" deleting a bunch of braces at the end of the file because he didn't like the way they looked. Mind sharing the github link? 20-25% is about average for non-pension expenditures on police. It's easy to lose context of just how massive a part of PA Philadelphia is. The city proper alone has more than 10% of the state's population (1.5MM to PA's ~12.7). Add in the other PA counties and you're close to 4. Add in the out-of-state parts of the Metropolitan area and you're quickly closing in on 6. I've always felt safe when I've been there but given the sheer volume of people, I'd surprised they're not spending a larger amount of police forces. > Code is never personal. Whatever I say about your code has nothing to do with you. I've heard this repeated ad nauseum (not just in this thread) and I think it's total crap. You cannot tell me that if you spend dozens of hours writing something then someone comes along and goes line by line telling you how what you wrote is an abomination that you're not going to have an emotional response. If that's the case it has to go the other way as well. Just finish writing a new process that will save the company $30k a month? Doesn't matter. If your code doesn't have anything to do with you then it's not an accomplishment to write good code (I don't believe this). Just to be clear, I do think code is personal but I do think people should welcome any constructive feedback, particularly the negative. Yes I feel a twinge in my ego any time someone criticizes my code, even minor stuff; but guess what? When they look at it next time they won't be able to make the same criticism, because I will have fixed it. Involving a firearm in the commission of a crime is an instant ticket on the Felony Express. If he hadn't had a gun (first offense or not, discharged or not, loaded or not, real or not) he likely would have been out a long time ago. When you have a gun in that situation the number of things that can go wrong increases by an order of magnitude. The adrenaline could make him pull the trigger when he didn't really mean to. Someone in the bank tackling him could make it go off. Hell, it could jam and he could blow his own hand off. I'm glad he's turned his life around but we can't have people committing armed robbery and going back out onto the street in three months. Exactly what @tomjen3 said. Even if you have a plastic toy you spray painted black, that's the same thing as having one in the chamber. The teller still thinks s/he is going to die.