I assume your estimates of how hard it is and how fast the Outlook team can develop are completely ex-recto. Here's some data. Outlook's last two major releases were in '03 and '06. In those 3 years they added the following visible features: - todo bar - better calendar UI - RSS aggregator - search [Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Outlook ] Xobni might be as useful and interesting as all those combined, and the Xobni team can deliver it today. The evidence suggests that Microsoft would take years to deliver something similar. Smith is is saying that customers can depend on businesses providing value out of their own self interest (in order to make money.) Graham is saying that as a business, you'll be most successful if you spend your energy trying to be good to your customers, rather than, say, trying to squeeze a little more money from them. Smith: greed => good service => profit & happy customers Graham: benevolence => wonderful service => happy customers & happy entrepreneurs & profit Very different ideas. Either electricity or gas is a small fraction of the cost of driving. Sporty tires: $800 / 20,000 miles = $0.04 mile Depreciation: $100,000 / 200,000 miles = $0.50 / mile Driver's time: $100/hr / 40miles/hr = $2.50 / mile The number of batteries is an interesting number: 6831. That's 9 * 11 * 23, an unusual number of large prime factors. One reference suggests that it's 11 groups of 9 series strings of 23 parallel cells. Somebody there likes prime numbers. I'm working on a big piece of software with numerical, real-time, and GTK components. It needs 230 packages installed using MacPorts. I have a 20-line script, mostly "port install XXX" which takes care of it all with no worries. And it's really nice that I can just rm -r /opt and do it again if I mess it up. I assumed #1 was top left, but which is #2? To the right or down? My guess is that you read down in columns. The pictures are misleading. For example, #2 for my name is a page about another guy with the same name, but with a picture of me that's not on that page. Very wrong. I was excited for a second to see that it thought I had an Erdos number of 2, but it was for someone else with the same last name. Not impossible. The limit is cooling air flow. If you blew air through a 4m x 4m radiator at 30 m/s, 43 megawatts would generate a 68 C temperature rise. Those sort of energy densities aren't strange. A hair dryer dissipates 1000 watts in, say, 10 x 8 x 6 cm. So a cube of hair dryers 2.7 meters on a side generates about 43 megawatts. I am doing research (on robotics) outside of universities and government funding channels. I contribute most of my time, and I fund supplies and several silicon valley salaries. You can't really compare effectiveness against a university. The real product of university research programs is researchers who then go on to build real things in industry. So while in the short term I'm more likely to produce useful robots than academia, they will have more long-term effect by graduating hundreds of smart people who go on to build useful things in industry. The real measure of universities isn't how many things are invented within their walls but how many things are invented by people who were shaped by their university experience. Most people in my company did graduate research, so their respective universities deserve some of the credit for whatever we invent. Going from 4 wheels to 2 is a good start. The next step is a commuter unicycle, like these: http://nhoover.smugmug.com/gallery/5974354_EUa4J#372904495_M... (that's me on the right edge.) Surprisingly, I feel safer on it than on a bike, because my CG is higher than the roof of most cars. Also, the dreaded "door prize" would be more at thigh level than head level. It's pretty hard to uni after dark, though, because you need to anticipate bumps and potholes. I can sustain about 12 mph, so it's about 2/3 as fast as biking. Some harder-core unicyclists can get over 20 mph with extra-short pedal cranks or gearing. Almost all pedals are 1-1, which is why you want a big wheel. You brake by resisting rotation while you tilt back. Probably comparable to a bike when I'm going 2/3 the speed. But it can be hard to react suddenly without losing control. Though you usually just land on your feet, running behind the uni in that case. I've used both and I greatly prefer python+scipy+matplotlib. Because it's a real programming language, unlike Matlab's clunky Basic-like thing. So if matplotlib doesn't do what you need, you can extend it or just write something custom in GTK+Cairo. The depth and stability of scipy & matplotlib is very impressive. The other big problem with Matlab is that because it's licensed, you can't just do what you like with it. I've got several servers that I like to be able to crunch numbers on, and that would be not only expensive but incredibly inconvenient to maintain all those licenses of Matlab. There might be a limit, but it's much bigger than $10B in 5 years. Just in 2007, I counted up $29B of publicly announced web startup acquisitions. That easily justifies thousands of startups trying for a piece of that pie. A good list (including more than web) is at http://startup.partnerup.com/2008/01/02/2007-acquisitions-we... It's not so unreasonable for Visa to take 2% (they often take more than that.) Outright fraud costs them around 1% (though they'll never reveal their stats.) Doing collections costs them a lot, and they lose some to cardholder bankruptcies. They do provide a valuable service of isolating you from all these. Taking checks probably costs you a larger percentage of revenue than credit cards. Actually, you should expect fraud rates to be high, but not because potentially legitimate customers are ripping you off. It's because when a fraudster gets a new shipment of stolen credit cards, he wants to test them out online before, say, walking into Best Buy where he might get busted for using a card reported stolen. So you're not losing revenue, since these guys weren't going to pay you for your SaaS anyway, and you're not losing capacity since they won't actually use it. So what's the problem? The problem is that chargeback fees (that you pay them for the service of taking the money back) can be $25 or more. If it becomes a big problem, you'll probably find ways to detect common fraudulent usage patterns. For instance, since your variable cost is zero, you might avoid putting through a charge until they actually use your service. Another fact: everything is negotiable, once you have enough volume. So if you're building a serious business, don't worry if the first merchant account charges fees that eat into your profit margin. Once you get the volume up to a few million a year you'll have the leverage you need to negotiate a better deal. That's not something you want to optimize. When working on a production box, I've trained myself to type the command without sudo, then actually take my hands off the keyboard and sit on my hands while I ponder what might go wrong with the command. Then I hit ^A sudo space return. The reaction you get has nothing to do with what you say, and everything to do with the way you say it. If you act apologetic, they'll be sad for you. If you're enthusiastic they'll be happy for you. A fellow I know is a financial planner. Yawn. But I watched him explain what he did to a woman he was trying to pick up and, damn, it sounded exciting and noble. He helped people achieve their long term dreams and become independent. So be kind to your family. Give them a Christmas present and make them all happy by telling them how you've got the greatest gig in the world writing software to make the world a better place. You might be surprised how much it changes things. The fraction of people getting a job in a related field isn't a good measure except for trade schools. Often, the most successful and interesting people do something unrelated to their undergraduate degree. Or they do something other than a "job". I've been learning guitar for the last few years, never having had much musical training as a kid. I fiddle around with it most evenings, just trying to play stuff I like, not taking it too seriously, and I've gotten good enough to enjoy it. I'll never be as good as [insert guitar hero here]. So what? Most nights, my place has the best free live music within miles. It's actually very common for both drives to fail at once. Examples: - case fans fail, everything overheats - room AC fails, everything overheats - power supply goes haywire, toasts drive electronics - box falls off the shelf, drives crash - fire or smoke damages drives - roof leaks, drips onto drives - one drive fails but nobody notices for a month until the next drive fails - burglars steal box No, not all these have happened to me. It was an amazing collection, and he had a team of people who really understood those machines. My favorite was a Russian radar system with giant water-cooled vacuum tubes that emitted radar pulses at some absurdly high power. That or the mobile bridge. The Dvorak keyboard might have some slight advantage for English text, but it's noticeably worse for programming where you need ;=+-,./{}[]() and the numbers quite often. There might be a advantage for a programmer's keyboard, basically QWERTY with common punctuation on a fifth row above the numbers. But my few brief experiments with unorthodox layouts caused no end of hassle when trying to use other people's machines, so I gave up. That seems like it worked really well. There's been a lot of gnashing of teeth about the fact that jet engines can't survive ingesting birds, but it seems like all you have to do is have a body of water past the end of the runway and a rescue boat ready, and a failed engine is just an inconvenience. I think they're getting rid of the life preservers, because they're bulky and would allow fewer people to squeeze into the boat. Actually, not. A 3x return over 10 years is 11% annually. Subtracting VC fees (say 2% management and 30% take) brings that down to about 6% for the LPs. VCs have to deliver much better returns than that. Also, don't underestimate the cost of an acquisition. Not just the few $100k in legal fees. Generally it means they have to distribute proceeds to the LPs, and they're exposed to various liabilities if the acquisition goes badly. Assuming they get restricted stock in a public company, selling it is a complex procedure. They may be prohibited in trading in that acquirer's stock while the acquisition is pending, which complicates other deals. Sad to say, but you really can't run a fund with only 3x returns. I've been using Emacs for 20 years, and fully converted my desktops to Mac last year. I like Aquamacs OK with option->meta and caps lock -> control like you have. With that setup, it's a bit of a twist to get my pinky finger onto meta, but it's tolerable on my Microsoft Natural keyboard. The biggest nuisance is that I can't figure out how to bind function keys. I liked having F2 = goto-line (rather M-g g) and F3 = compile. After 20 years of Emacs, I've actually started to like Cmd-c and Cmd-v rather than C-k and C-y. Also, the scroll wheel on the Mighty Mouse works pretty well in Aquamacs. Though you do have to clean the scroll wheel (by rolling it around on your pants) every few days. If we'd truly learned something, all time values would be 64 bits. Which isn't hard: every major 32 bit systems supports 64 bit values natively in C and in only a few instructions. Or do you mean we learned that planes won't fall out of the sky due to date problems, and we shouldn't overreact next time? One place where big new ideas are badly needed is in robotics. No existing language is a good match for programming continuous, dynamic movement. I've been working on a bunch of techniques to make it easier, but they're not ready for general use yet. It is hard to make a good comparison because the economy was so fundamentally different. Our modern kg of corn could be anywhere from pennies (for animal feed) to several bucks at Whole Foods. Which do you compare against? (In fact, what we call corn is a new world crop, unknown in Europe until the 16th century. The word would have referred to barley or wheat before that.) So not even the most basic foodstuffs were comparable. Wages are a much better basis for comparison. Unskilled, medium-skilled, and high-skilled jobs are pretty comparable now and then. I think a more likely theory is that the telecom providers frequently jack their rates, to see if people notice. If someone doesn't notice, they keep jacking them and rake in profits. It's a good bet that at least one NOC is asleep at the switch on a given night. I've created a hamburger restaurant where I'm expecting average Joes to walk in off the street and cook the hamburgers, in return for a percentage every time they make a sale. Sound promising? Of course not. The burgers will be inconsistent and usually bad, and there'll either be too many or too few cooks at any given time. It's the same with review sites. You're expecting people to do the work for you in return for a completely unknown amount of money. You'll get a zillion reviews of some popular thing, and no reviews of DRAM, and reviews will be inconsistent and bad. If you think it's worth people's time to write reviews, then you should hire people to write them first. Hire college students at $15/hr. They can work from their dorms. Assign them products to review. Set standards. Have quality control. You can probably build up a really good set of reviews for only a few hundred hours of labor. Probably less than you've put into the technical part of the site. Eventually, once you have a thriving ecosystem, average Joes will contribute reviews. But you can't just wave your hands and expect people to flock to your site to do work on speculation. You have to lead. The latency to query a central database should be under 100 mS from anywhere in the country. There's no reason it couldn't be done properly today. But ATM systems were architected in the late 70s and they depend on a network of regional data centers that reconcile nightly. I'm checking HN while my code compiles. Since there's nobody to swordfight on desk chairs with. Also, taken != unavailable. If there's no actual website there, or if the website looks neglected, or if it's one of several names for the same thing, you might be able to buy it. Several YC startups have bought .coms for between $1000 and $5000. If your company is serious, that's a worthwhile investment. Don't over-think it. Put half in cash and half in 3-5 stocks you think don't suck. You would have to spend a huge amount of time on money management to get better results than that. When I cashed out, I gave away 10%. Mostly to family, and some to local charitable projects I personally cared about. It can feel good. Spend your time thinking about what to do next, now that you're not constrained to make an income. Start a new business? Become an international playboy? Go back to school? Up to you. Someone should do the proper experiment. Create a fictitious retail business, and generate a stream of reviews for it. Any other reviews would have to be faked. If they are writing fake bad reviews and removing them for money, you would then have strong evidence. The problem isn't image, it's the actual location. Building a technology center along a ring road leads to a sterile and depressing office park wasteland. (I lived there for 5 years.) Cambridge or Somerville or even downtown Boston are good places to have tech companies, because you're part of an intellectual community. In a Route 128 office park there's nowhere you can walk to, so you never interact with people except in your building. @robg: reconsider? Your life and work would be better if you were within walking distance of a university and other startups. Yes, it's cheaper in Lincoln, but you would be happier and more connected with half as much space in Central Square. Did any startup founders here consider Massachussett's foreign corporation laws and tax structure when deciding where to start their startup? Or was it more about the intellectual community, weather, coffee, social scene, presence of other startups, availability of talent, venture or angel capital, customers, partners, and potential acquirers? I like the Shoreline/Charleston/Rengstorff loop. I live and work there so I often walk in to work. I pass 3 coffee shops on the way all of which are popular with startuppy people. I frequently bump into people I know. It's not as good as Cambridge for intellectual stimulation, but I do end having a lot of spontaneous meetings with relevant people. Route 128 architecture reflects the Mercantilist view of companies. They all build big self-contained campuses to try to discourage their employees from fraternizing with other companies, lest information be exchanged. I think it's far more productive to have companies interact & share. I'll take marsh trails over malls any day. A ride on the trail makes a wonderful mental break in the mid-afternoon. IMHO. YMMV. The opposite is true. Because women in their narrow age range of attractiveness get paired with men in a much broader age range of attractiveness, that would create a shortage of women. Say, if women 25-35 date men 30-45, there are 50% more men in that group. or combining folk wisdom and math: d(half your age + 7) / d (age) However, the fact that men propose and women decide creates an inversion. Early marriages take decisive women and attractive men off the market, leaving beautiful women and schlubs. Hooray for graph theory! Assuming you're in the US, you see a biased sample. That is, you see a complete cross section of American women, but only a select group of ambitious European women who emigrated as adults. They are here because they are serious about their careers, so they are more likely to believe in working hard to get ahead rather than getting by on their looks. That made me curious. McDonalds sells about 50M cups of coffee / day. Some startups who I know participate on HN are (multiplying Alexa daily reach by 1G, to get order of magnitude estimates): Scribd: 5M daily uniques Justin.tv: 3M daily uniques last.fm: 2M daily uniques Just those would equal McD's daily coffee sales in 5 days. So we're not so many orders of magnitude behind big public companies. It might be satisfying to include some reference lines on your daily user graph, so you can celebrate when you serve more pages than, say, McDonald's sells fish sandwiches, or Wal-Mart sells Spiderman action figures, or whatever. > The divorce rate is 50%...but the failure rate of startups is even higher. I'm not sure it is. When you see a high figure like 80% quoted for small companies failing, that's mainly due to restaurants. Serious startups founded by serious people rarely fail. (Getting acquired by a public company is like staying married your whole life.) The failure rate of relationships is very high. If you date 20 people before getting married, that's a 95% failure rate. But it's still worth it. The demo probably was about 3 seconds. Look at tipjoy.com for 1.5 seconds, and you can tell what it's for and that it's cool and alive. In the other 1.5 seconds you can tip someone 25 cents for their blog entry. It's that easy and obvious. Practice giving punchy demos. Don't frikkin make us watch you log in. We should be saying oooh at the 2 second mark, aaah at 5 seconds, and wow at 10 seconds. Definitely get all the best bits in the first 10 seconds. 10 seconds may sound flippant. But actual users will have clicked the back button long before if they aren't engaged. You can practice demoing successful websites. Imagine you were pitching Google or eBay or Tokbox or justin.tv and had 10 seconds to demo. Start logged in. Assume some users won't see the last 5 seconds. The numbers say otherwise. 51% of all vehicles sold in the US in December 2008 were pickups or SUVs. [1] Average vehicle sales price is $25,000 [2], despite the existence of nice cheap fuel-efficient cars like the Yaris at $12,000. Dagres' suggestion that cars should be more about electronic gadgets is wrongheaded. Cars last 10 years, gadgets are obsolete after 3. You want a car + an iPhone, the second of which you'll upgrade several times. [1] http://www.bizjournals.com/albany/stories/2009/01/12/story1.... [2] http://www.nydailynews.com/money/2008/09/04/2008-09-04__anal... I'm #1607 on the waiting list for an Aptera. I signed up because I had complained so often that there was no electric car you could actually buy, and people kept telling me I just didn't try hard enough. So far I'm right, and I predict I'll never actually get mine. When the CEO brags that they have 45 circuit boards [1], I can already read the company's obituary. But maybe they'll pull it off, and I'll have a really snazzy car. I'm more excited about Mission Motors electric motorcycle. http://www.ridemission.com/ . (I'm an investor.) It's breathtakingly fast and fun to ride. [1] http://earth2tech.com/2008/10/01/aptera-tweaking-electric-ve... Why do you think there should be 300 car companies? Can you point to another manufacturing industry where hundreds of players collectively have significant market share? Yahoo Mail was the result of acquiring Four11 and rebranding their RocketMail product. It was one of Yahoo's better acquisitions. For $65M they got a product that now earns $6.5B/year. I'm no proponent of the nanny state, but there is something to be said for standards. It's important that any driver be able to drive any car. Otherwise, a driver used to 1:1 mirrors who rented or borrowed a car with convex mirrors would underestimate the speed and distance of cars passing him. Is he a procrastinator for not actually attempting to build his helicopter with late-15th century technology? He would have failed, as the rough-hewn wooden gearboxes of the day were incapable of the power levels needed for rotary-wing flight. And other reasons. It was probably better to move on and sketch some new ideas than try to build things centuries ahead of what was technologically possible. So says Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yahoo!_Mail but you're right, it can't be that much. "To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making." -- Otto von Bismarck. Presumably, most of the effect is due to socioeconomic correlation and I'm sure Virgil understands that. It's interesting how big the correlation is. I might have expected only a few percent WRT music. I want to see the correlation between Ayn Rand books and number of friends. A college degree is used as a white-collar/blue-collar litmus test by a lot of people. You probably don't care about gov't or big company jobs, but the following might matter to you some day: - Immigration, if you ever decide to work abroad - Banks, if you need to finance a house - Dates. Education level is one of the main filters - Parents of women you're dating - Universities, if you ever want to hang out for a year doing research between startups You might think most of those people are flexible enough to realize, once they know you, that you're a bright & ambitious guy. But then, when they try justify you to other people, it's harder without a college brand name. It's probably less of a handicap in life than, say, having "PSYCHO KILLER" tattooed across your forehead, but it's significant. You can get along, but you'll always be explaining it. People who never went often seem to turn into defensive people later in life. YMMV. It's hard to imagine anything on that scale. Centralia PA (former pop. 2600) was deserted due to major underground fires. But real cities have bounced back from far larger disasters. Hiroshima lost 2/3 of its population but recovered in 10 years. Remember, though, the actual city of Detroit is only 1/5 of the population of the metro area. While Detroit is failing, the metro area is only hurting. It won't be abandoned. I would have expected music to be more weakly correlated with intelligence than books. Smart people can enjoy low-brow music as well as high-brow music. But smart people rarely read low-brow books, and dumb people rarely read high-brow literature. However, I guess he wasn't looking at their whole collection but just the stuff they mentioned on facebook, which reflects their social aspirations. So, for example, I have both Lynyrd Skynyrd and Chopin in my iTunes collection. But people who mention one of those in their facebook profile are probably very different from those who mention the other. There are even more people sympathetic to pot smokers facing jail time. But authorities don't seem inclined to soften the sentences. Courts really shouldn't worry about public reaction. That's the job of lawmakers. Their assumption, and it's true for most people, is that you're going to watch something. If they don't put tennis on, you'll watch whatever they do show, even if it's arena wrestling. So even by watching something niche that they wouldn't broadcast anyway, you're stealing. His reasoning is similar to saying that since out of millions of sperm only one will fertilize the egg, the chance of having a baby is 1 in a million. For smart people seriously trying to build something people want where VC funding makes sense, I'm sure the chances of getting funded are above 50% and the chances of succeeding are above 50%. Everyone is afraid of getting hosed by not anticipating future rights. Everyone knows how actors lost out by agreeing to a much smaller percentage of DVD revenue than for films (because they underestimated the market and profit margins), and everyone is determined to not let that happen to them. This kind of fear propagates faster than actual realistic fears because you sound wise by talking about the future. So lawyers can always "add value" by cautioning against some deal that might be disadvantageous in 20 years. It probably does poorly on periodic repeating textures. The DCT in JPEG handles periodic brightness (like a striped shirt) fairly well because it turns into a few high-frequency components (which are still roughly periodic despite the zig-zag transformation.) This compression scheme has no support for periodicity so it can only represent a striped shirt with a polygon for each stripe. Neither of his test images have stripes. "Provably optimal" always involves unwarranted assumptions. For example, least-squares fitting is provably optimal, assuming all your distributions are independent and gaussian. Image compression quality is all about sensitivity of the human visual system to various kinds of errors, so nothing can be proven optimal, ever. Good VC firms generate positive returns from more than half of their companies. Even the average VC generates positive returns from 1/3. This is from a large sample: http://www.markpeterdavis.com/getventure/2008/09/vc-backed-s... Bad VC firms, on the other hand, can achieve 100% failure rate. It's not some throw of the dice, it's about (a) choosing the right investments, and (b) making them succeed. If they're telling you that it's normal for the vast majority of their investments to fail, find a better place for your money (and don't taken money from them either.) Back in the old days, you'd leave your will in a cubbyhole of your roll-top desk. I have no idea where I'd leave something to be found on my death. Leaving it on the corner of my desk seems weird and morbid and insecure. Leave it anywhere else, and who would ever find it amidst all my crap? (People who've seen my desk know I'm an extreme case.) A lot of interesting secrets die with people. Given an easy way to do it, people might well reveal interesting stuff they can't admit to while they're still alive. It could actually make the world a more interesting place. This would have the effect of encouraging legalization of some drugs. In some sense, the worst situation is where things are illegal but widely tolerated and practiced. This gives authorities a lot of scope for locking up people they don't like. Currently, middle-class taxpayers who smoke pot don't worry much about getting busted, because it's fairly rare to end up in jail. But if they saw serious consequences, they'd lobby for legalization of all but a few hard drugs. If marijuana were readily available from pharmacies, how many people would use it instead of Vicodin or Oxycontin to treat pain? And it may be an effective antidepressant for many people. There are tens of billions of threatened revenue right there. Any other industry with that much at stake would exert substantial influence on the govt. However, marijuana growers need it to stay illegal too. Some of them are influential in CA. It's currently the largest single cash crop in the US, just because it's illegal. If it were legal, it could probably be grown and sold for the same price as corn. The advantage of 'rep scasb' is that some future version of the intel processor will be more clever and handle a word per cycle. An advantage of optimizing the hell out of the library version is that nobody will be tempted to roll their own string compare in their application code. Slow APIs are terrible because they force application developers to work around them. So the answer isn't just to write something slow, then measure. You'll find performance doesn't matter because everyone has avoided using it. In places where I've done this sort of thing, I prefer #ifdef NO_CLEVER_OPTIMIZATIONS obvious version #else complicated fast version #endif It's good as documentation, good as a test case, and good for isolating weird problems like compiler optimization bugs. Yeah, but when you get the ice cream it's packed in dry ice. You can have a Moment of Science as you drop them into warm water. If you put a fair dollar value on your time, it's shocking how much a trip to the grocery store costs. He attributes the failure of some cultures to explore to lack of curiosity or anti-intellectualism. But exploration of that scale in that era was incredibly dangerous. A sufficient explanation is that individual explorers didn't want to be killed by barbarians, drowned at sea, or eaten by cannibals. Continuing to send manned missions to the moon after 1976 didn't seem that useful. Personally, I think I got more out of Star Wars than yet another moon landing. Here's my rebuttal based on refutable statements. I'm a curious and intellectual person. I spend most of my time learning and exploring. While I have traveled to various parts of the world, I would not spend months traveling by foot or horse risking barbarian attacks, disease, and hypothermia, in order to discover new land. Therefore, it's possible that the Romans were curious and intellectual even though they didn't explore Scandinavia. As usual, the economist is looking for its keys under the lamppost. In their graph, "Ease of starting a business" is a measure of how long it takes to process incorporation and tax paperwork. That is not the hard part. The hard part is finding co-founders and investors willing to invest, and customers willing to buy from new companies. It's a function of optimism and risk taking, not on government procedures. It's unbelievably hard to unseat them. I knew the Yahoo Auctions team well back in 1998-2001, and they had a better product for free. Sellers and buyers preferred it. But there weren't many buyers because the sellers weren't there, and there weren't many sellers because the buyers weren't there. So even with Yahoo's network and brand they didn't win. (They did win big in Japan where eBay was slow to localize.) Auctions have worse lock-in than you'd expect. You might think, if there's a marketplace with X buyers and another with X/10 buyers, most sellers would make the effort to list in the X/10 marketplace because they can increase their sales 10%. But with auctions, the sales price is a strong function of excess demand. Those extra 10% sales would be at significantly lower prices, and eBay merchandise tends to have low margins. When sellers lost money they quickly left. It may be that when people pay $80 for a parrot book, they actually read the whole thing and apply what they've learned. If they had bought it for $20 from Amazon, it might sit on the shelf. The self-improvement market is very much like that. You could sell people a video of a Tony Robbins seminar for $20. But when people pay $1000 and devote a long weekend to it, they're more likely to change their behavior as a result. The $1000 product is actually worth more than the $20 product. If you're going to spend 4 hours reading a book and your time is worth $100/hr, you can see that the price of the book itself is irrelevant. Sending out legit reports must take manpower to collect all the data. But fake reports might be easy to generate semi-automatically. I'm sure you're right, though: a lot of people must have been in on it, and he's covering for them. Gates spends about 0% of his fortune for his personal pleasure. He's not on the beach surrounded by bikini babes. He works hard on his current mission, and he deserves our respect. His wealth is invested either in growing businesses (a good thing) or through his foundation to improve the world (a very good thing.) It's not clear that he could grow the foundation much faster than he has -- they're trying to do something novel and you can't just grow that from nothing overnight. Just testing something. -- HN Maintainers. Well, it's true -- mercury in an amalgam (normally with silver & tin) doesn't leach out. Most of the heavy metals that are dangerous by themselves can by alloyed or chelated to make them biologically safe. I just asked Trevor what was going on. Apparently we turned off the restart-HN process back when we were hacked a few days ago, and we forgot to turn it back on. Things should be back to normal now. Oh, no, living the lifestyle you need to live to be a successful investment banker is incredibly expensive. You really do need a big impressive house (or penthouse in Manhattan) to impress clients with. You have to stay at the same resorts where your clients stay. You have to do a thousand little things that say "money is no object" in order for people to trust you with their money. Irrational but true. It probably is rational for them to spend into debt in the early part of their career to build up credibility. The point is you'd have to give up Facebook in order to flee. Some people can't give it up, so they sit and wait for their trial. Even in prison they can still be in contact with friends and family, which many people would prefer to a life on the run. You need to back up to two or three services, all run by different organizations. Disk redundancy buys you little -- you need organizational redundancy. The chance of any particular service failing for business or technical reasons is much higher than the risk of disk failures. Personally, I back Anybots up to: - a 3 TB ReadyNAS in the building (everything nightly) - rsync.net (important stuff nightly) - dropbox (important stuff instantly) - USB drives I keep at home (mostly everything monthly) The real difference is that stopping distance for an ant is a fraction of an ant length, but for a car it's several car lengths. So for cars, most of the space is following distance For ants, most of the space is ants. Car density decreases as the square of speed, while ant density is constant. That's not because they have better algorithms but because they're in a different realm of physics. I think here, "practicality" means "has a library for controlling robots". Also a good numeric library, a good matlab-like graphing library, good 3D graphics, good real-time performance, easy C++ embedding, etc. Rather than complaining about how everyone else is a bonehead for not using Lisp, write some libraries to make it useful for more things in the real world. Also, Python does pretty well for real-time control. At Anybots we use it to run walking balance feedback loops at 100 Hz in the same process as a GUI and logging and it never misses a tick. PLT Scheme (used on HN) frequently pauses for 10+ seconds to GC. While there are theoretical concurrent GC systems for Lisp, none of them seem usable in real implementations. I'm optimistic about practical fusion in the near future, which is unusual for me because I'm pessimistic about most new technologies. There is almost certainly a way to initiate fusion reactions with much less equipment than the NIF (which is still a worthwhile project). I don't know how soon it'll happen, but long before our 200-year supply of coal runs out. And then lots of people will feel silly for working on electrical energy conservation, which turned out to be pointless. I think I'll turn on some more lights. In this particular case of Gerry Sussman choosing Python over Scheme, I don't think he's using "practical" to mean "I know it's wrong, but I'm comfortable with Java so Python seems more familiar". I think "practical" often means choosing your battles. Sussman's choosing to fight the battle of explaining some syntax to his students rather than the battle of implementing a real-time robot control library from scratch in a language where no implementation supports real-time very well. Sun-Tzu would approve. Yes, I use PyOpenGL in GTK (with GTKGLExt). People have said good things about Gazebo, but I haven't used it. Most of the 3D stuff is performance-critical, so I typically prototype in Python and then convert to C++, which for graphics code isn't too painful. The Boost.Python interface makes it pretty easy. Also, the Cairo graphics interface is wonderful for drawing charts, animated robot stick figures, and many other visualizations. It has a full Postscript rendering model with alpha blending. It looks like PLT Scheme has an OpenGL binding too, though I haven't seen it used. It looks very low-level, for instance it has separate methods named: gl.Vertex3d gl.Vertex3dv gl.Vertex3f gl.Vertex3fv gl.Vertex3i gl.Vertex3iv gl.Vertex3s gl.Vertex3sv Pyro is great. We don't use it because I started our robotics code base in 2001, but if I were starting from scratch I'd use many pieces of it. I believe the main reason why robotics has progressed so slowly in the last 30 years is that getting the damn hardware and firmware working together takes 90% of the available time and students barely get beyond that. So libraries that abstract away most of that and enable plug-in real-time control modules are going to give the field a huge kick in the pants. People often say that Java has great libraries, but is it true? AWT is crufty and ugly. Maybe there are impressive XML parsers (Xerxes is 188,000 lines of Java!), but I don't want those. Numerical libraries seem bad. So what is the library that might convince me to use Java for something? My point was there's no single 'gl.Vertex3' call that takes native Lisp numbers. Thinking about double/float/int/short should be abstracted out below the Lisp level. We use OpenGL to show real-time renderings of the robot, derived from the gyros and joint angle sensors. We have an analysis tool that shows, either in real time or post-run analysis, renderings synchronized with high-speed video of the robot and scrolling strip charts of every important variable over time. I always see much more looking at slow-motion videos & renderings afterwards than looking at the real robot. OpenGL rendering also turned out to be useful for extracting data from CAD models. Our CAD software (SolidWorks) can export STL files (a list of polygons) and we need to extract center of mass and moment of inertia and such. Doing that without visualizing it is a nightmare. We have done dynamics simulations (using ODE), but they haven't had much predictive value. I use a very simple and exact O(N) algorithm to calculate mass properties of polyhedrons without computing convex hulls or anything: http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~jfc/mirtich/massProps.html Maybe 80 LOC. I'm not sure why anything more complex is needed. PhysX does seem promising. Such as??? Can anyone point to a format I might want to use that has a Java library but no C++ or Python library? Only because most first approximations are linear. Beware the self-validating assumption. Your users are your users because they like your site better than, say Zappos. By definition, your users prefer your site. But as long as your market share is only a tiny fraction of the whole market, you can't say anything about the rest of the population. It's only when you acquire a substantial fraction of the entire market that you can claim to have validated assumptions about the market in general. You need location redundancy anyway. Fires, floods, earthquakes, etc. A few years ago burglars broke in and took all my machines. So there are many reasons to have an off-site separate-provider backup of everything. Bar associations are very different from college accreditation boards. Bar associations are a guild whose main goal is to restrict supply by making it hard to become a lawyer. (Even still, the US has far more lawyers than it needs.) They exist pretty explicitly to keep legal salaries high. Accreditation for colleges is much more, well, collegial. There's no big motivation to restrict supply. It's hard to think of any really good educational institutions that can't seem to get accredited for political reasons. The list of over 1000 accredited colleges in CA starts off: * A-Technical College (LA) * ABC Adult School (Cerritos) * Abram Friedman Occupational Center (LA) * Absolute Safety Training Paramedic Program (Oroville) * Academy Education Services (Oxnard) so it's not just the Stanfords that can manage accreditation. Absolutely. In normal times power projects are planned years in advance so there's no reason for short lead times. But if the system was down, people would wind transformers by hand if they had to. It's not that hard. It does seem lame that the power grid is so close to capacity. Instead of all this smart grid stuff that lets us get from 97% to 98%, let's just add 50% more capacity and have no worries. I actually just meant increasing transmission lines & transformer capacity, since that's what's on the edge. But we should increase generating capacity too. Increasing capacity doesn't increase usage. We should increase capacity to a comfortable margin, and separately think about reducing usage. Matt argues that the best lawyers are probably as intelligent as the best hackers, and they have been generating knowledge about the legal system their entire careers, so they're going to be ahead of hackers in making predictions about how lawsuits will turn out. I don't see that he's arguing for credentials. Just that smart+experienced > smart+inexperienced. Some arguments can be judged by what they say. But ones that involve a prediction of how a complicated system will behave can't be judged by people without much experience. Most of the comments on the Lessig/DMCA story revolved around what precedent would be set by a lawsuit, which I don't feel confident to judge merely by reading the arguments. Summary: solid state disks cost more per GB than spinning disks. But they make computers go faster, so you need fewer computers, so you may save overall. In fact, it's only in very specialized situations where having faster disks means you need fewer computers. In fact, when we started YC Jessica was the only one of us with venture capital experience (having worked at a major investment bank in Boston since before she met PG.) She had a lot to do with us getting into the business, and her judgments about whom to fund have proven to be accurate. Sorry to disappoint you by not being an all-girl seed funding firm with thigh-high pink boots. At the macro scale, home windmills are a stupid idea. Anything can be done more economically at scale. Wind farms leverage economies of scale that don't work at home, so they can easily make more power per unit labor with the same hardware. If Jellyfish were efficient, they would be more efficiently used in wind farms. At the micro scale, some people will buy them despite the economic inefficiency as a fell-good hobby project, but they'll never become widespread without being economical. Also: small wind turbines make a fairly annoying constant noise. I'd vote to ban them from my neighborhood. It doesn't reduce the capital cost of transmission lines: you still need thick enough wire to power everyone's house when the wind isn't blowing. If you're talking about the power loss in wires, it's only a few percent. Losses may be higher with power generated at the leaf nodes, because when my house is idle during the day it has to send power into the grid through the relatively inefficient local network while a wind farm is plugged right into the grid. Don't worry about too much power. A 5' diameter turbine (quite a project to install) might generate 600 watts in a stiff 35 mph wind. It's true that the best person to choose the solution is the one implementing it. But what if many people are implementing it? When you're choosing a corporate database that a large IT staff will be developing against, there is no one person closest to the problem, so the decision goes up the ladder. Accepting long passwords may mislead people to use passphrases, the first 8 characters of which are very vulnerable to a dictionary attack. If you're only going to consider the first 8 characters, you should make it impossible to type more than 8 characters on the entry form. Fogbugz often has fairly sensitive info. All our bug reports are in it, including attached data files & snippits of source code. Often customer names are in it, and sometimes customer data files. So it does matter. In fact, 3% may be about the number of people who put most of their effort into making a lot of money rather than, say, doing work they enjoy or having a life. The bulge around the average is because you need at least an average income to have a regular life, raise kids, etc. Many people work just hard enough to have an average standard of living. I think it's important for them to hire people from the same demographic as their most valued users. Policing content is very culturally loaded, so you can't just automate it or outsource it to a low-wage country and get the same results. They mention knowing the difference between pot smoke and tobacco smoke, but I'm sure you also have to recognize every celebrity photo and "the shocker", and 1000 other culturally relative things. I disagree. If you're capable of being a good programmer, you'll get there faster by doing it than majoring in CS. If I were giving my 18yo self advice, I'd suggest majoring in physics but taking the minimum required courses. With a light core schedule, fill up the rest with economics, writing composition and history. Maybe design. On the other hand, PhD programs in CS are worthwhile. There are many possible causal arrows: * eat fast => no satiety signal => fat * empty carb diet => fat, fast binge eating * high density food => fast, fat * quality of life focus => (enjoy food => slow, exercise lots => thin) * workaholic => fast, (no exercise => fat) Also, I think you could draw a plausible correlation the other way, along the Norway-New Zealand axis and consider the US, Turkey and France the outliers. Summary: company funded studies claim drugs help X% of the population. More rigorous federal studies show they might only help 2/3 * X%. The main difference in the groups was including drug abusers in the federal group. So what? A drug either helps you or it doesn't. If it helps you, you don't care what fraction of other people it helps. The value of X mainly determines how many drugs you'll need to try. If they work for 50%, you'll have to try 2 drugs on average before finding one that works. So you want to start with drugs with large values of X, but whether it's 60% or 40% isn't a huge deal. Furthermore, clever doctors can often guess right and prescribe different drugs for different people. Studies that insist on giving the same drug to everyone with depression are stupid, because they're administered much more intelligently in the real world. Tax revenue has fallen. How do you interpret that as evidence that the government is collecting "higher and more ubiquitous taxes?" Generally, during a downturn, governments continue spending into debt which is the right thing to do. Their usual fault is in not banking the surplus during good times. Argh, another brain imaging study proving nothing. What any of these fMRI studies measure is energy consumption of brain structures. Energy consumption != useful thinking. Their conclusion is exactly like saying: my screensaver causes my CPU to get warm, therefore it is doing useful computation. Changed in posting What is the difference between a megacolony and a species? If I replaced s/ant/mouse/ and s/megacolony/species/, would there be anything surprising about their results? The publishers with 1000s of apps make audiobooks where each book is a separate app. It's an artifact of the app store that content gets counted as apps. The math doesn't work. 116,000,000 matches x 5k is 580 GB. It fits on one big disk, and with 5800 machines holding 100 Mb of plain text each you could search all of it naively in real time. (Grep searches 100 Mb in 50 mSec.) 5800 machines is practical for a real product. Hardware probably costs Google $40/month/CPU, so $230k / month, about equal to 10 engineers. So if a more clever solution needs a whole team to maintain it then it's probably better to just use grep. So there are more 35-54s than 25-34s on Facebook. However, there about twice as many people in the 20-year span than in the 10-year span, so they're still underrepresented. More 35-44s than 25-34s would be news. Also, some locations are bogus. Accenture is incorporated in Bermuda for tax purposes, but the actual work is done in many major cities. IBM, though the headquarters are in NY, has major offices in Silicon Valley. I think Cairo, the graphics rendering library keeps an internal data structure that's the set of overlapping filled regions and updates it with and/or/xor operators. Schmidt has on the order of 10M Google shares or options. Making the stock price go up by $0.01 is worth $100k to him. Spending an hour thinking about salary instead of Google's future is a bad use of his time. If your company has a P/E ratio of N and you have more than 1/Nth of the stock, giving money to the company actually makes you more money. There are subtle ways to do this. For example it probably makes more sense for the founders to buy their own plane for company trips than have Google pay for it, where it reduces reported profit and share price. 20 years ago, I wrote an intermediate compilation step for a big software project. It basically took the text strings and compressed them. The program only took a fraction of a second to run, so I added a sleep(1) to make it seem more impressive. I'm up for that! I'll see if I can bamboozle someone at Disney to give us a copy of the film on opening night we can screen here at Anybots/YC. Failing that, we can meet up at the Shoreline theater and go for beers at Anybots/YC afterwards. No robotics section yet... If hair is a non-conductor, then it cannot be a semiconductor False. For example, pure silicon is non-conductive, but when you add slight boron or phosphorous impurities it becomes a semiconductor. So it's not impossible that hair has semiconducting properties when it absorbs salt water. Of course, the claim of human hair solar is crap. But debunkers should be extra-careful not to make bogus claims of their own. A hoax implies deliberate fraud. Many scientific theories turn out to be wrong, but are not hoaxes. Newtonian mechanics or the Bohr atom model, for example. Google made a lot of hoopla about blanketing Mountain View with Wi-Fi, but it seems to be a failure. I rarely get a signal anywhere I go, and the one place I go where I do get a signal seems to have a bad backhaul link (it shows up and gives me an IP address, but doesn't move packets). If I sit on the sidewalk under a lamppost with one of the boxes it works. I think they underestimated the difficulty. Great work, guys. There's a huge opportunity for cross-vendor cloud infrastructure and I think you're in a great position to own the market. Wish granted. I do read most threads here, though I don't comment often. All of us liked being in Cambridge, We certainly didn't leave because there weren't like-minded people there. But being bi-coastal sucks, so we had to choose. So, you're saying it's good for the gov't to give a lot of handouts, but to ensure fairness all citizens will have to get involved, follow politics, lobby their congressperson, to ensure the pork is divided fairly. How about just making the government hand out less pork. Wouldn't that be more efficient? As pork approaches zero, it's not only fair, but founders won't waste all their time writing grant proposals and we all won't have to waste our time getting involved in politics. And? Of course popular movies are in high demand, so the rental queue is longer. They avoid showing you movies that would cause a long wait. The movies on Netflix's list are probably better than the new releases. In fact, the real manipulation is the idea of new releases, that half the demand should be for this season's movies. The actual best movies of all time are probably not on this week's best sellers list. It's a Hollywood marketing artifact: because buzz causes a superlinear advertising conversion rate, it works best to promote movies in short bursts. New releases also skew revenue from rental stores towards Hollywood (since rental stores have to buy enough for peak demand) so you can't blame Hollywood for doing it. From their point of view, if someone can read the database on their mainframe, that's already doomsday. They put all their security outside that perimeter, but no further layers like encrypting table columns inside. They store passwords the same way they've always stored PIN codes (where encrypting would be pointless): there's a ALPHA(8) field right next to the NUMERIC(4) field for your PIN. Those design decisions are from an era where adding an extra VARCHAR(64) to store a MD5 password times 100 million accounts cost real money. It was probably the right decision. Rather than sneer at the older generation, try to see the constraints they worked within. It opens your mind to imagine what "right decisions" now will seem silly to later generations. Non-GC languages with threads kludged in? Program syntax limited to ASCII? Silicon? IPv4 & NATs? There are good reasons why conventional aircraft have their engines on separate pods. They get clean airflow, whereas in the Silent design a wing/body stall would also disrupt air intake to the engines giving a sudden loss in thrust just when you need it most. Not to mention the extra difficulty of maintenance and inspection. And the fact that chunks of ice separating from the body fly right into the turbine. I could live without windows. Have a few cameras connected to the LCD screens in the seats. Should save a lot of weight and drag. Too bad the funding isn't for doing more good research there The choice of camera angles seems biased. Most of the shots showed the driver's side of the old car where the impact is and only the passenger side of the new car. I'm not disputing their overall conclusion, but it'd be fairer to start with overhead angles and show equal time on both sides. Instructive to read the original outrage here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=844228 But in the end, they did the reasonable thing: delete the email and move on. The single most important thing that you can do to increase your chances of getting into Y-Combinator is to do what you should be doing anyway: going full-speed ahead on your startup Exactly. We're impressed by teams that get things done, and unimpressed by teams haven't even started to build something. I've often found myself thinking, "If you think this is so great an idea, why haven't you spent some weekends building a version 0 prototype?" A tragic loss. Dan was smart, dedicated, funny, and always a pleasure to talk to. Please: If you ever find yourself despairing, reach out to your friends, co-founders, parents, investors, someone. They are much more likely to understand than you may think. It's easy to wave your arms and ask for "better" government intervention, but the government's already doing the best it can. It has ups and downs in each department as attention shifts, but on average it probably won't get any better over the long run. Economic systems need to be designed so that mediocre government regulation doesn't lead to catastrophes. A valid version of the question is when was the last prizeworthy discovery was made. Giant magnetoresistance (2007 prize) was discovered in 1988. Bose-Einstein condensates (2001 prize) were figured out in 1995. I can't find any more recent discoveries. They seem to be trying to clear the backlog. This year's prize is shared by two basically unrelated ideas, which must be a strategy to catch up. Yeah, it's kind of like saying "De Beers has so much money, why don't they use it to mine more diamonds so everyone can wear some." It is the scarcity that makes them valuable. Despite having gotten a lot out of Harvard, I have not been whipping out my checkbook when they ask for alumni contributions, because it's hard to see how even an extra billion would make any students' lives better. I don't think you can say the companies themselves are evil. Evil implies a deliberate choice to hurt people instead of helping them. I don't think insurance companies have that choice. They're in the business of collecting modest premiums in return for being on the hook to pay out large amounts of money for the few most sick patients. Of course they're going to drag their feet on paying and try to get the sick ones off the books. If they paid all the claims, they'd be out of business. They don't have a choice, so you can't call them evil. The unfortunate second-order effect is that it attracts the wrong kinds of people. They need software to find people most likely to cost them money, and jack up their premiums until they switch. Would you want to write that software? Like, the line of code that says, if policy.expected_payout > policy.current_premium*0.6: policy.schedule_increase() In the Y Combinator / Anybots office we just switched to Meraki's commercial-grade APs and they kick butt. Only a little more expensive than consumer boxes and they provide seamless roaming between APs, multiple virtual networks, and seem to handle large loads well. Somehow they isolate 802.11b users on a separate channel (there are still plenty of laptops that only do .b), so .g and .n users get full bandwidth. I think they push .a-capable users onto 5 GHz too. Also easy to set up. It's the first of many APs I've owned that hasn't made me pull my hair out. Recommended. For example, a function might be inlined at some call sites and not inlined at others. Inlined versions might carry 80 bits through the result, but non-inlined version are truncated to 64. So in: double foo(double x) { return x*3.3; } double bar1(double x) { return foo(x); } double bar2(double x) { return foo(x); } void t_bar(double x) { assert(bar1(x) == bar2(x)); } t_bar can fail depending on how bar1 and bar2 are compiled. At Viaweb, my careless use of $_ in Perl led to the name of every credit card shown in the merchant UI being replaced by a secret auth key. I didn't see it because that particular auth check was bypassed for admin users like me. It wasn't a serious security hole, and we changed the auth key afterwards. But as it happened, I was in a cranky mood when I created the auth key and it had some bad words in it, so it was a little embarrassing. Runaway robots at Anybots have caused: - 2 holes in drywall - 1 bent bookshelf - 1 dent in concrete floor - 1 frightened Jessica - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkenIInV9rI The last one was fun because I have logs showing packets from the PC/104 computer stack (running FreeBSD) connected to the robot while it was in midair. Calling the least mean square fit function in the linpack library used to go into an infinite loop occasionally. I tracked it down to some very dusty FORTRAN code in the linpack kernel, which gfortran42 compiles incorrectly. Adding -ffloat-store to the compile flags for that library fixed it. Monty weighs 160 lbs, and at the time had an over-designed metal piece for its neck. A sensor failed and it faceplanted, taking a 1 cm deep chunk out of the concrete. It's still there, under some carpet. returning a double can be optimized into returning an 80-bit result in a register. If this happens with bar1 but not bar2, then you get different results. The proper definition of a species is that individuals can interbreed and have fertile offspring. It's impossible to test whether two fossils are the same species. The usual assumption is that if they look different they were different species, but that can be wrong for many reasons. Dogs, for example, are all one species, but you might well classify Chihuahuas and Labradors separately based on their remains For full discussion, including various proposed definitions and the problems of identifying species from fossils, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Species Truth, beauty and love can be tested. If I think someone loves me, I can hug them and see how they hug back. If I think something's beautiful, I can hang it on my wall next to something else I think is beautiful, and see if I still like it next week. Truths can be tested by finding & testing physical implications of that truth. None of these tests are absolute Popper-grade refutations, but they're good enough to be useful. Startups are generally based on some hypothesis (like "people want to communicate by multicasting 140-character messages"). Not refutable, exactly, but testable by building a company around it. Smart founders keep track of their hypotheses and are always looking for evidence for and against them. How do you know what else you need to learn? The best way I know is to try doing whatever it is, and see what's hard. Sometimes you can fill in the gaps in real-time, sometimes you need to go back and study. This looks great! I'm already imagining some quick Python scripts I want to write to help automate component selection Old technology. You can buy a range of such things from industrial suppliers like McMaster. http://www.mcmaster.com/#air-amplifiers/=41ls8s . They tend to be loud and inefficient, but useful in dirty environments where fan blades would get damaged. Congrats, guys. Empty/fill those basements! I don't think it's fair to rule out the possibility of a simple screw-up. I've been responsible for important web services and I took a lot of precautions, but I can't say it was inconceivable that something could have gone wrong causing major permanent data loss. There are so many ways in which failures can cascade in a complex system there can be no absolute guarantees. Can anyone quantify how much address book data there was? As an outside guess, 1,000,000 customers times 1000 addresses times 300 bytes each is only 300 GB. They could have kept an emergency backup on rsync.net for $300 / month. I keep secondary, well-encrypted backups of things I particularly care about (not nearly 300 GB worth) there, as well as on a USB disk under my bed, in addition to the regular complete backups. If I like ugly things, great. I can find art I enjoy for cheap. People are weirdly insecure about their taste in visual art. Nobody worries "Uh-oh, what if I like music that's actually bad?" I guess at least with bad music, you feel like you have company. If you're into Eminem you'll meet other people with Eminem T-shirts, but you don't see people with Thomas Kinkade or Jeff Koons T-shirts. Should there be a word? "NIH mentality" is close, but not exactly what's claimed in the article. A power supply designer would be super-useful. I've designed at least a dozen onto PCBs in the last several years, all pretty similar to a few reference designs. It's a constant pain in the butt to keep up with obsoleted capacitors. I'd love to see a fully general-purpose power supply designer, where I enter a voltage & power and it spits out a working schematic complete with intelligently selected minimum-cost part numbers. About cold fusion, he says: Maybe fifty years of physics will be proved wrong by one experiment, but don't throw out your furnace until that experiment has been replicated . Pons and Fleischman's announcement can hardly be described as telling people to throw out their furnaces. They announced that they had measurements which were not explainable by the prevailing theories, and the new theory it suggested would be hugely valuable. Some journalists made it seem even more exciting than that, but I don't think you can blame scientists for the way they are reported in the popular press any more than you can blame politicians for what's reported on Fox News. Of course, it turned out that their numbers were better explained by some subtle measurement errors, but it took hundreds of chemists years to convincingly refute the theory. It was not an unreasonable decision to announce it publicly, in order to mobilize the resources necessary to get to the bottom of it. Really? You don't believe such an effect ever happens? It's one thing to say that particular results are not due to the effect, but the effect itself seems like a pretty likely source of error in any not-very-rigorous experiment. Many backup systems copy the data automatically each night, but if the data is damaged on the main system and nobody notices right away it can overwrite the backup. Or, in the stress of late-night recovery sessions, someone can copy things in the wrong direction and overwrite the backup. Sometimes the backups are encrypted with a highly secure key, and the key is lost with the original failure, or stored within the encrypted backup like keys locked inside a car. Because SANs allow multiple machines to write to the same disk, they have byzantine failure modes where data can be overwritten on disk, but cached for long periods of time by the machines that need it so there's no visible problem until after a power failure. When data is migrated to new database hardware, sometimes the backups haven't actually been tested. Sometimes during the cutover, someone who didn't fully understand the architecture backs up the new (empty) machine on top of the old machine's backups, so there is no backup for a while. All these mistakes can happen pretty easily when sysadmins are woken up in the night to fix a service outage while people are yelling at them. I have made some of these mistakes myself, though so far I've been lucky. The computer industry has never learned to admit that there is always some level of risk. You won't hear an oil company exec say "Inconceivable!" when an iceberg crashes into a North Sea oil rig, or a refinery catches on fire. Systems fail, and all you can do is try your best to avoid it and move forward after it does happen. OK, fair enough. It hasn't been convincingly demonstrated. But maybe you'll agree that it's still a good idea to watch out for the Hawthorne effect when doing human performance research, because it seems like a possible source of error. You wouldn't tell experimenters "there is no Hawthorne effect, so stop worrying about it." Oh, but the lack of neutron output was the most interesting part! If there had been neutrons, people would have assumed there was an obscure sort of inertial confinement fusion going on at some particular kind of defect in the crystal structure, perhaps a microscopic Farnsworth Fusor. Such an effect would be intriguing if it existed, but not very fundamental and probably not that useful. Cold Fusion was important because it raised the possibility of a previously unknown mass/energy conversion mechanism, or at least a manifestation of a poorly understood one like neutrino emission or absorption. Neutrinos are a good lesson in how much we actually understand the world. The neutrino flux from the sun is thought to be 10^12 particles per square meter per second, yet its mass is "Unknown, probably nonzero" [Wikipedia]. They don't seem to interact with ordinary matter much, but we can't rule out them interacting strongly with particular molecular structures in Palladium-Deuterium alloys. Nor can we rule out the presence of particles that interact even more weakly than neutrinos. The 1995 Nobel was awarded for finding evidence of neutrinos that are now thought to have been antineutrinos. Particle physics is not a solved problem. A company would save greater than half a million metric tons of carbon annually by putting their data center in Iceland. A typical server uses 1 ton / year. Not many companies have more than half a million servers. Perhaps only about 2 companies. People like to gamble, and with some modest controls it can be fun and healthy. Gambling is highly regulated because once upon a time it was associated with sleazy bookies and loansharks that caused a lot of collateral damage in society. But now it's mainly a question of regulatory capture. Las Vegas is hugely profitable because it has a near-monopoly on gambling in the the US, and they're "encouraging" the regulators to protect society from any of their upstart competitors. The right answer is to simply deregulate gambling. But obviously the incumbents, the regulators, and the senators from Nevada are going to fight against it. This chain of reasoning: we discover more oil => we burn more fossil fuels => => global temperatures increase => poor people starve is very tenuous. Discovering more oil is mainly bad for people that already own major oil reserves, and they lobby subtly for peak oil & carbon caps. More oil discoveries probably don't cause major increases in the amount consumed. Burning fossil fuels may cause global warming, or may not, or it may be easy to fix by adding some dust to the upper atmosphere. Most people seem to accept it as an article of faith either way. Global temperature increases may cause a reduction in food supply, or an increase. Certainly much of northern China will increase food production with a longer growing season. It probably increases ocean fish yields too. So it's very debatable as to the net effect. Anyway, a claim depending on 3 somewhat dubious claims is extremely dubious. Maybe you believe each has a 75% chance of being true, but then all 3 have only a 42% chance of being true, so I'm assuming it's false. I just talked to a guy who's building a data center with 13 MW power input. I assume that includes air conditioning, so if a typical machine + overhead is 130 watts that's 100,000 machines. It might take a while before they fill that even half way. He seems to argue both that the fall of Bear Stearns was inevitable, and that it's impossible that a smart outsider could simply have figured that out and bet against them, therefore the naked short must be due to insider trading. You can't have both. My big python app (the robot end of a telepresence connection) suffers from GIL problems. Mostly, threads are used for C-only stuff like video compression so they can easily release the GIL while running. But I gotta say, the complexities of GIL correctness, thread performance, gtk/gobject, callbacks, boost.python, GC-correctness of both Python and C++ objects, and polling make my head hurt. Simplicity would be a find goal for the new system. Good idea. The pricing structure is part of the product. I did the halfway version of this in a previous project: there was a special magic credit card number which didn't actually get charged, but I got the emails every month telling me what had been fake-charged so I felt that part of the customer experience. Recommended. Most viruses just make you sick. It's at least possible that a virus could evolve where the RNA coded for THC or alcohol. Or some other chemical that affects mood. That would make for an entertaining, non-sobering flu season. Can someone estimate the probability of something like that happening spontaneously? How big a fleet of drone aircraft would you need search the US in a couple hours? It'd be tens of thousands, but it might be doable for a few million bucks. I think you could fly pretty high and use large telephoto lenses and high-speed video cameras to see red dots while scanning quickly. That'd be a more interesting project than trying to enlist a lot of volunteer spotters with iPhone apps. Yes. I liked Macs starting in 1988 or so. I fell out of love sometime around system 8, and spent many happy years with Unix variants. But OSX brought me back. "If your first version is so impressive that trolls don't make fun of it, you waited too long to launch." -- pg They seem to have gotten it about right. The 128k Mac was a way to start a conversation with customers and developers. Thanks guys! Yes, they're up for debate, because at many times in the last 20 years people have had very different opinions on all those topics. People who grew up with the current trends find it hard to see, but read some late-80s business magazine articles for a different perspective. Back then, the trends were B-school, investment banking, investing in lowering production cost, consumer brand marketing, selling razor blades, etc. Few people thought you could make a huge business in software. Many of those trends changed. I think Paul's claim is that the trends he mentions are good long-term bets. McDonalds also recognizes the power of the Internet and they make extensive use of it, but I wouldn't say anything fundamental has changed about their business. I think the government's in the same boat, just 5-10 years behind. Google may spend about $500,000,000 / year on servers [educated guess, probably within a factor of 2]. More than the cost of 1000 engineers. It's worth it for them to put serious effort into efficiency. Provide facts. You can do the experiment in a few minutes, unless you are proven wrong. Remember that you have to wait for it to finish compressing before you tweet it out, so you have to come back and check a few times. Certain things make people happy, and people repeat behaviors that made them happy in the past. The fact that happiness is communicated throughout the brain by dopamine concentrations has no predictive value in figuring out what new thing might also make people happy. s/dopamine/happy juice/ and the article has exactly the same information content. People like to throw around names of neurotransmitters in order to sound scientific. But to then claim a special connection between dopamine and 140 character messages is pseudoscience. That's probably true for average joes. But I'm guessing the OP is far more motivated by making an impact in the world than average. Personally, I get 70% of my happiness from making a difference in the world and building great stuff, and 30% from relationships. (Despite that, my lifetime average length of relationship is 4.3 years. It could be worse.) I found that my life improved when I accepted that ratio and organized my life around maximizing the 70% while not ruining the 30%. It's a guess. I decided I needed a specific number, because being pulled in several directions all the time is hard, and it's hardest when the pull is between work and relationships. Having a slightly wrong target number for work/relationship balance is better than having no number at all. Perhaps a reasonable idea, but I stopped reading at "Homo Numericus" Basically, they don't know squat. They had one crater and a theory. Then they found a 2nd crater and a new theory emerges. Presumably there's a 3rd crater somewhere that'll require another theory. I think I'll ignore paleontology for another 20 years and see if the theories settle down. I don't read John's post as an accusation of wrongdoing. He's just pointing out something that price-conscious consumers would want to know about. Bountii is much more powerful than Froogle & Bing because prices aren't just X in one store and Y in another store. Bountii is all about helping price-conscious consumers get the deals most people don't find. Good for them for raising awareness of this new kind of price discrimination. The article conflates selling marketing info with credit card numbers. Selling my marketing info (name, demographics & email) to companies who want to advertise to me is annoying, but not deeply wrong. Passing on my credit card number so a 3rd party can charge me for stuff I never wanted is deeply wrong. Credit card acquirers used to self-regulate that sort of thing, but clearly many of them are in on the swindle. Is there software that warns me about devious business practices, similar to anti-Phishing software? I'd install something that highlights & explains fine print or deceptive practices that have burned people in the past. I'd pay for a version that protected my kids. They're cautious about scammy offers, but it sucks that I had to teach them about it. It doesn't work: many companies are already at the bottom of that tar pit. Sick benefits mean: if you convince a doctor you are too sick to work, you can stop working and the insurance company pays your salary indefinitely instead. As you might imagine, some people try to take a long paid vacation this way using vague subjective illnesses like depression. So insurance companies really do have to defend themselves from fake claims and malingering. I dunno about this case, but in general you can appreciate why they have to try to catch fakers. So once all subterfuges have been published, no subterfuges will work any more? In a world with a finite number of spies, most spies are not being watched by other spies at most times. And spies assigned to watch a particular target spy are generally less highly trained than the target. Simple tricks to avoid attracting attention from casual observers are still useful. The barriers are not high at Y Combinator. Most of the people we invest in are not from fancy schools. A Harvard degree suggests 3 good qualities in a founder: at least medium-smart, fairly ambitious, and won't be intimidated by VCs with Stanford degrees. But there are lots of other things I see in founder biographies that suggest the same qualities, so impressive academic credentials are by no means required. The danger you face, and I speak from experience here, is that because you get such good results from studying math, you neglect other things like learning about history and developing social skills. You probably can't make progress 2-3x as fast as normal people there. So concentrate on your strengths, but don't neglect the other stuff. And please consider applying to Y Combinator and starting a startup when the time is right. I don't think the BCD effect goes as far as you say. In a nutshell, the effect is that because artists can make $X working day jobs, you have to pay O($X) for them to perform. But this effect stops working before artists price themselves out of the market, because artists actually like performing and adjust their price to clear the market. This is why you can hire a really good band to play at your party for only several hundred bucks. On systems that support symlinks like OSX and Linux they can be made to look equivalent, but under Windows the differences are noticeable. Can you point to someone who developed a useful medicine for 3rd-world diseases and failed to make money? Few diseases are confined to only extremely poor areas. Medicines against malaria, for example, are a robust business. If you developed a good vaccine, you could make a lot of money selling it in Brazil, China, India, and other developing countries. The reason there is no vaccine isn't because there's no money to be made, but people have actually tried pretty hard and been unable to develop vaccines that aren't as risky as the disease itself.