D=100 * T=0 = 0 D=100 * T=1 = 100 D=100 * T=3 = 300 T=100 * D=0 = 0 T=100 * D=1 = 100 T=100 * D=3 = 300 I am almost positive most people who will give you money (who are smart; people who do their research) will prefer you're at D=100. If you have a prototype and need more money then sure, you can have a higher T, but you still should be able to be doing work while you wait; Likely why many smart investors want the founder(s) to be the engineering team so they're not reliant on money to get things done. +GooglePlus stole it Visual candy for the world that people didn't know they wanted - but want. +1 I think I need to swear more It keeps competitors out. Many governments do this. Keeps jobs and profits local, for the most part. I'm launching a blog platform called PressWord - want to be an advisor? What kind of job are you looking for, would make you happy? PayPal is just as likely to hold funds for 6+ months if you're not selling a product if using "Buy Now." You should only do heavy personalization once you're more sure that everything is in a layout that it will need to be. With the projects I'm working on even the smallest new information or feature being added to a page could totally change what the best functional layout and look is. With my own projects I've done hundreads of fairly drastic layout shifts - they are evolutions from ideas and eureka moments. Frameworks should be used to play around with the look to feel how the UX would be. It will be very difficult to determine full effects of design until you have substantial traffic and are able to cohort testing though, though a good designer will have this as an intuitive nature. Having data such as that click/cursor heatmaps divided into power users, first time visitors, etc. is invaluable as well for testing use-theories. Cute. But I would like to see a dynamically updating breakdown of all countries, for comparison, of all this data. Sadly, what governments publish may not be factual. I think the issue is initially when things were being invented there was a general lack of understanding of things. When car manufacturers first discovered how to bind metal to rubber (think tires), they didn't even patent it. There wasn't enough knowledge or skilled people to do the experimentation needed. They didn't want to patent it at that point they would just be teaching competition how to do it and within X number of years lose their advantage, and a minor variation in the process could allow them to compete anyway. And what is the difference between discovery and invention? Anything science related is discovery. Worse, money only goes into research that has a high level of profit potential, meaning that only if it can be patented. This structure is very detrimental to all societies. Who knows how many times things that could be very beneficial to society never see the light of day. And if there is something so beneficial to society that is discovered then the cost skyrockets giving companies huge profits. Even worse, what if something is found to totally eliminate a disease but isn't patentable? The company surely isn't going to release that information if it's in an area they're trying to generate profits. On top of that the low-profit-margin solution will have to fight the big-profit companies marketing campaigns directly or indirectly against them. That is totally the opposite behaviour behind the point of innovation and capitalism. The purpose of capitalism is to drive innovation, and the point of innovation is to reduce costs to zero, so then those savings can be past onto increasing innovation in other needed areas; Currently those profits are used to further research of other profit-potential patentable drugs. Thankfully we have universities but even those people resources and their efforts are driven much of the time by big companies looking for profitable options. Discovery and innovation should be rewarded by society, however preventing others from easily furthering an innovation or using it in further inventions causes a huge delay (and potentially even permanently) to People fear monger and say innovation won't happen if you can't have patents, which I don't believe to be true. One of the main keys is you need education systems in place, and we have those. I'm not planning to do anything for NYE myself. I don't particularly even want to be around my family as that can really be not fun at all, further isolation is actually a better option out of those two. I wonder how much lobbying hotels did to push this through. This doesn't address getting investment, nor finding a technical co-founder. You don't mention how much personal money they are bootstrapping or have access to either. I've been doing this a long while now and after bootstrapping and making mistakes, I am seemingly still not near being able to do what I want (either through getting investment or finding a technical co-founder). Steal your shoes. "Often this kind of student never makes it to the end. He flunks himself by dropping out. He ends on a soda fountain or doing yard work, but all the time reading and studying because a good mind is always hungry. Now one of the things about Lisp, and I've seen it before, is that Lisp is a real magnet for this kind of mind. Once you understand that, and see that it is this kind of mind that has contributed a lot to the culture of Lisp, you begin to see why Lisp is, like many of its proponents, a brilliant failure. It shares the peculiar strengths and weaknesses of the brilliant bipolar mind (BBM). Why is this? Well, its partly to do with vision. The 'vision thing' as George Bush Snr. once described it, is really one of the strengths of the BBM. He can see far; further than in fact his strength allows him to travel. He conceives of brilliant ambitious projects requiring great resources, and he embarks on them only to run out of steam. It's not that he's lazy; its just that his resources are insufficient." This stage in behaviour will eventually subside as we discover and experience the negative side-effects of such a facade of quality of life. Lack of activity and obesity, lack of education for allowing socializing and deep bonding, lack of real socializing and bonding / relationships with people; It keeps us in our heads, and not grounded - not connected. As Carlota Per sees it, we are heading towards a shift to wellness, and quality; Eliminating planned obsolescence, etc., and this will include more time for and with eachother. Figured this out too. I'm looking for a tech co-founder now so then I can continue.. Very much agree. I am planning to do a blog post that will touch on the idea that what investors promote as "the only way" is purely promoting and reenforcing a schema that's purely to their benefit. For me this had set very unhealthy psychological boundaries and pressures to work within. There are completely different ways though, as you state with your friend who slowly grew his venture over a couple of years. That high pressure path is addictive to many though, as you mentioned. I am okay with the slower path now - it's still a struggle but I'm currently hoping I can arrange my life to have the support I need to get me through the time and finance it on my own as I go, and perhaps smaller levels of investment from the local community. It's just not worth killing yourself over (literally or not), and you know, you still might just get lucky - it might just happen you get an opportunity for a large investment down the road. I have to assume it's based on having experience or not. If you don't have experience and had the opportunity to make mistakes then you have to make those mistakes, and they will have cost to them. Personality and feeling matter. The true issue which is ignored is that diversity in crops must be maintained. Monsanto wouldn't want this to be a topic though because that would be contrary to their goals; Diversity means hundreads if not thousands of variations in neighbouring crops, not just one or a few. If society supports the smaller farmers, in case their crop is hit that year, then they can survive financially / pay bills. This is in fact the safest way to do it. Thanks for sharing to remind us all. A non-compete for a minimum of X years clause might have helped the sting a bit. It's pushed and promoted as what you need to do in order to get investment because VCs feel there's less risk that way. I guess the alternative is you don't get your product built. Fetch Merge Commit Push -- I love this - thank you for sharing. I think this should be taken to Reddit to get PayPal to change their ways, and/or fundraise money to sue PayPal to change this practice. I would ask for proof of their 'reasonable belief' that it was counterfeit; If they don't provide, sue them for breaking TOS. "Antidepressants may prime the adult brain to rewire faulty circuits during therapy." Considered faulty circuits because stimuli was repeatedly presented with pain/an electric shock? This article also doesn't tell us why it's seemingly plastic. Also, it was only once the mice were removed the painful environment that ... so how about just remove people from a negative environment? What happens to the mice if you put them on Prozac, and the pain is still there? Do they learn to fear it even greater/stronger? Try this with MDMA along with therapy and you'll desensitize the mice/people too; http://www.maps.org/mdma/protocol/ Your basing your thoughts on the perception that 'yoga is gentle and easy.' This is farther from the truth: There is a spectrum. Most yoga people actually start out with are the more vigorous forms. Starting on your own is a generally a bad idea, unless you have a friend who is experienced and can help you properly understand positioning. There's some very proper positioning you need to know to avoid injury, or creating weakness / going farther than you should initially, and everyone's body is different. There is no one book that will not have excess information than what a beginner needs to know. It's very different when you have completely different environments (eg: contexts) to pull your mind into a different mode. Your mind will very quickly switch. Like most starting up multiple startups though you have one space where you work, and therefore you need to figure out other queues to create context for what you're working on - and try to eliminate other distractions from unrelated things. This is very hard for me, which is why the alternative is to work on only 1 project. Of course life itself includes more than 1 project. Logo suggestion: The 'f' in the font you're using can very easily be mistaken for a T From his listed skills he clearly can find a job, it's a matter of finding a job you want to work at with a culture that will let you enjoy the life you live. You have that option when you are in high demand. I still have huge cognitive dissonance regarding this. Get happiness from the people you find who support you with your passion. 'Not being public' is an 'exclusivity club' ploy to make new members want to join and be apart of the fun.. The Winklevoss Brothers' idea of exclusivity for Harvar / .edu emails helped Facebook similarly with initial growth. ~300 subscribers without much labor from you anymore isn't working well? Edit: Checking out the website, from a sales funnel / marketing perspective, there are many things you could do to increase the sales just from the current traffic you're receiving - and would likely reduce the new customer acquisition cost from $60. Edit2: Other things can be done to reduce churn rate as well. Well, there are plenty of things you can do if you understand nuances of marketing - just with the design, sales copy (text on the page), and other marketing pieces. You have a good start. And really I'm jealous of what you've accomplished so far. You could make this 10 times bigger with little effort, and time. I think Rupert Murdoch has been called much worse. Feel like science-fiction to anyone else? Re: Secretaries - Or hiring their partner to be their secretary, although the partnership likely makes sense if they get along that well (co-founders in a way) Have you made a final decision on no-nested comments/replying? There are some comments related to adding nesting as a feature, as you can even see with your own comment reply here- it's useful and pretty much a necessity these days to make sense of conversation. I was wondering when something like this would be made. Thanks. Hope lots of people contribute. You want dirty toilets? That's not very inviting or pleasant.. I'm glad you brought this up. It can be unhelpful/damaging to tell someone "this is the way." It could cause cognitive dissonance, confusion, and conflict for many between one's own previous experiences of what they are currently capable with and what is being stated they are required to do to be successful. I go through this very often. The latest being the push that's going to around, mainly that VCs and incubators perpetuated, that you need to find technical co-founders. This mainstream idea is promoted because it reduces the risk for those who will profit/benefit from reduced risk in their investments. Likewise, people who are, as you call them, hyperproductive, will probably have more successes from having more experiences and also be the personality to be vocal of their methods and will have more experience and success to be vocal about. Throw charges at everyone and see what sticks? Plus, they can try to leverage them to plea against their main targets / give evidence against them. That doesn't mean you'll know the nuances of the situation if you've not done VC raising before. Nuances and confidence come from previous successful experiences. To bring this back to the article - of course a VC would prefer someone who has experience, and who of course will be easier to talk to then. It looks to be more closely aligned with if people know how to execute or how much experience they have with doing so, taking and processing information. Personally, I'm not good processing information and acting on it quickly - some of it, sure, but it takes time for certain types of information to sit. Sometimes I'm sure I overthink what needs to be done, instead of just initiating and playing off of what happens. Similar questions should be raised regarding all other companies boasting their engagement rates. Hit a site with Facebook widhets and comments? Do they consider that engagement? shrug Would 'asking for advice' not be contrued as 'hand-holding' then - as it's not something you take and immediately run with? I personally don't see anything wrong with it, but I'm guessing the VC and entrepreneurs aren't aligned in expectations in that instance then. I just looked up more for those interested - here's a book for the general public on the subject: http://www.chapters.indigo.ca/home/search/?keywords=Get%20ou... I'd like to ask what size your goals are, in order for you to have met all of them? Are they the size of "I will send this email today" or larger which include more micro-management? I think a better way to look at it is that life is full of challenge. You can either learn how to get comfortable dealing with certain challenges and stick to those, or dig into new territory. If you're comfortable with the challenges you expose yourself to on a regular basis then it really wouldn't be difficult - sadly for me, I get bored easily and so far I've not found a way to stick to doing the same for very long. Perhaps can be argued better storytelling can take place in person, whether via education or live performances - however storytelling in person is an artform, much like proper education is. Great for consumers, deadly for certain businesses' profits. Thanks for the morning laugh. :) Wow. Mindblowing censorship. And I imagine if someone produces such content INSIDE of the U.S. then they'll somehow disappear / be put in jail / have their content blocked / removed / be forced to shutdown? My first go at my projects I was hoping to create MVPs initially, though I realize what I created fell short of MVPs, and therefore I call being at the prototype stage. I'm not sure anyone can truly know for sure what a MVP will look like, as there are too many insights that you can learn as you're building a product. The way I validated my ideas, instead of a landing page, was simply asking the people who would be users and getting feedback on the features and function. This replaced the need of having a landing page. I then created a prototype, which I had hoped would be enough for an MVP, though you gain insights while developing that you couldn't see otherwise - and realized it wasn't enough for the user adoption and usability level required. "the strongest leaders were best characterised by dominance" I think this too can be viewed as the strongest leaders are best characterized by being able to maintain control / manage a situation toward a required direction; It's of course easier to do this if you want to be domineering, so that would create a statistic that shows more 'strongest leaders' as those who are domineering, merely because it's the easier way to do something - but takes much less and skill and nuanced behaviour and understanding. Lean startup and MVP movements only function if you have someone in control with a clear vision and understanding of what will / needs to be created, and who can defend what the MVP features need to be. If you don't understand the metrics and why they exist then you'll have no idea why your product didn't take off - and that seems too risky to spend your time, energy, money on - if you don't the strong understanding of what must be missing. An MVP in this sense really is just a real product with a minimal set of features. :) Cool, thanks. I've recently aligned my goals at the same depth as the ones you stated - and it takes a lot of the pressure off, and enough pressure to direct my behaviour toward working towards those goals. You don't accomplish this change in people by saying things are fine - you act and do things that show you and the company is strong. That's the only way people will change their feelings. And you better be truthful when promoting your enthusiasm or it'll come back to bite you.. Perhaps they need to add alternate-keywords so if you search for a word but other word is more commonly used to describe a similar action? :) "Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan ‘Press On’ has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race." — Calvin Coolidge Does anyone really do anything assuming the idea will fail though? Unless of course it's an experiment where the outcome doesn't matter - taken as a form of education. It takes persistance foremost. For myself, I knew there were risks though I would continue to find ways to reduce risk - whether it was problem solving and planning, figuring out what I needed to do next to reduce the risk. This required something at a lower base level than willing to take on risk. So what's more base than risk? Being able to manage yourself during a challenge, learning your own limits, what you are capable of - which takes self-awareness. The more I've learned myself over the years, my limits, the better I've become at self-regulating, and the better I know what I need to succeed. Any money I've spent so far I've considered an educational expense. Life's all about learning, and hopefully being able to find enjoyment and being able to help others hopefully find enjoyment, too. I disagree. You have to learn how to not be adverse to risk - it is something, a skill, you can learn. It is personal development, which could be argued is a lower base level skill. It's confidence related as well, and having confidence will help you be able to learn the 12 skills you listed. Indeed, you need persistance to learn where you are going, to learn how to execute and what it means to execute. :) This has nothing to do with "if you don't get SPYW" Search Plus Your World itself can change and evolve. All of this negative media is being perpetuated by Twitter and Facebook who are losing massive amounts of free traffic they used to get. If Twitter and Facebook want to be guaranteed to be in Google's results, then they should guarantee that Google/Google+, etc. show up in Twitter and Facebook's search, though that's probably not a very good deal for Google - and Facebook wouldn't do that because of their closed/controlled ecosystem, and Twitter wouldn't want that traffic leak either. I would point this to being hypocritical and just trying to stir up negative public opinion about the whole thing - because it's all Twitter/Facebook are able to do. Don't you think Google is tracking the effects of their changes? And they likely did small tests first too. They can still measure the user's experience and maybe it actually is providing results people care and benefit from just as much. The one important thing Bootstrap was missing was the responsive layout. I would hope we eventually start to put money towards prevention to reduce cancer to begin with. Prevention will always be less cost and less suffering. Probably because they have $96 billion in cash. Much cheaper ways to market yourself unless you're hoping to target entrepreneurs/startups. Fun domain to own.. what a waste. Wow. Perfect. It's the same thought of "It's execution that matters, not ideas" that rubs me the wrong way too -- a lot of VCs and successful entrepreneurs seem to promote this saying.. justifying (to themselves) of these less than ethical behaviours. I was hoping someone would develop something like this too. Free to use would be great, and the amount of traffic the tool would regularly get could create a substantial revenue stream from just a few small non-intrusive ads. For a good example of this, think Digg vs. Reddit A couple of years ago Digg did a 'drastic' design change and released all of the features at once, and a large amount of the users moved over to Reddit. The Digg design looked nicer, but the function and usability/ease of it changed.. Everyone has cancerous cells all the time, and the body is able to deal with them. The issue is when there is too much cancer at once or the body's healing systems aren't functioning well. Being proactive by keeping the body healthy, eating fresh food without chemicals, having clean air, doing fitness/yoga to have regular bloodflow and oxygen going through your system and mind will keep your body where it needs to be to better at killing off cancer cells -- a lot of other benefits too of course. I doubt this is a full and accurate analysis you're mentioning. Is it calculating productivity losses? What about emotional costs? Quality of life? Etc. etc. And at the same time - sure, if you just let people get sick and put a bandaid on them and get them out of system without actually being healthy - then I'm sure you can make it cheaper ... but not with the same results of health. I hope we use Genuine Progress Index (GPI) instead of GDP in the future. GPI takes into account more than just money spent and hard productivity. Yup - nice to find out the term was highjacked to mean something different. :) And those individuals will hopefully get honest reviews and their douchebaggary will be known to the world. I highly doubt many people will do this unless they don't care about their reputation, networking, etc.. And besides if they do develop a certain public reputation then no one will want to sit next to them. I think this idea is absolutely brilliant. It makes me even want to travel more. I love meeting people and have different interests I'd be happy to talk about for hours and hours with someone. You'll either learn new things, make contacts, or be teaching someone whereby you're strengthening your own understanding. It's win-win-win! If someone really wants to break in there are much easier ways.. Another point is that increased legal challenges will bog down a system, slow innovation, and increase costs due to having to pay lawyers AND reduced productivity. The reason people are so tense about sharing is because a) people aren't taken care of by default (which they should and can be), so there's fear associated with survival, b) and this causes us to not be as open to the idea of sharing, where everything belongs to everyone - where one's success is good for everyone else. He came from the future to try to prevent us from destroying our planet with pollution and global warming. No sense of humour here on HN? Luckily with software you can earn or raise more money to 'change your team' to then be fit for the playoffs. I can only assume it's mostly private transactions so far, and they're testing merchants with physical locations to see response, etc.. Youth doesn't automatically equate to the type of behaviour he portrayed. Acting a part, to fit a role, doesn't mean anything has been learned except how to be an inauthentic politician. I would think the affiliate programs would be the ones who would have an issue. No affiliate link to adding one costs them profits they wouldn't otherwise have to give away. What's Pinterest going to do if this option doesn't exist, remove the links? No.. they could change the display algorithm to display links with their affiliate code more often, but that may mess with quality of content and click-rates.. I imagine so as well, as to main copyright you need to show you're enforcing it. I was hoping there'd be a free version of this - though with a paid version you'll certainly get higher-quality options ---- but I can see free versions being useful enough, where there's not too much customization. Perhaps have a free section? It would be a good way to get free traffic which you can use to upsell to paid versions. Maybe shoot Codecademy a message mentioning this to them. :) "but then remembered that one of the interviewers told her that he'd looked her up online" Fine line relating to privacy there.. something perhaps to look into. Yup - you could likely link all kinds of demographic information based on who someone knows - including their likely location or locations. That would hurt the virality of their apps, and therefore not make their app ecosystem as useful (or as competitive, if competing with apps on other platforms). Not all businesses will have a viable freemium model, especially when you have a huge amount of competition in an area. I haven't seen ASCII art in so long. The nostalgia just made me perk up and giggle. First need to solve for hypochondria. :) Maybe they need a big button that says "Are you really worried right now?" and if you click it, tell you logical steps and routine you need to be following long-term for the results to "feel more normal" - otherwise to not use to self-diagnose. I think that would be the primary use case: Try to steal away someone purchasing one item for another similar or related. I'm doubting the stickiness on the benefit to those who are the ones who collect the 'wants' though. Sure, it might advertise their site for a bit (if Facebook chooses to include it in any users' feeds that is...) though otherwise Facebook will want to monetize that free exposure by putting paid-for-by-competitor ads (but really I don't think those 'Wants' will even show very often. I also see Facebook feeds becoming something familiar with Idiocracy - which has no appeal to me. This whole blog post should be posted to http://www.devsigh.com :) Sexy. Thanks - I was wondering this. :) Yeah. It seems if people are forced into doing something to be able to earn money that's enough incentive. It's a little silly, but maybe it allows them to better curate people / review applications? Google will implode, of course. Edit to add useful response: I imagine they should alert you to the conflict / prompt you to ask you if they should be removed from the one in order to be added to the other, or to cancel the action.. Do you understand that alternate options exist, and people can easily move to other services? Why? Because we can! Actually I believe they are attempting to create the proper science to accurately gauge/estimate things like happiness and the effects on productivity. $300 Billion isn't actually that much of an increase. Is it that hard to imagine that people being happier would increase productivity? France plans things pretty well in comparison (at least on outwardly views) compared to the US. I realize you said based on a typical government. There are negatives to a for-profit company doing things as well, where if something that could be developed would be beneficial to usefulness to users - but perhaps would hurt the profitable, then it likely wouldn't get implemented. Perhaps then only R&D would be put into things that would truly benefit all of society. The amount of thought and discussion that would go into each decision would be unprecedented. It could be controlled to allow competition of sorts, though less resources would be wasted by there being many times more duplication than necessary. Tip #1: Start yoga immediately (hot yoga preferably). Find a 30 or 40-day challenge, and start going every damn day. Even if it's the only thing you do in the day. I'd suggest Bikram to kick your ass into forcing you to letting go. The routine + regular space you create for yourself + endorphines and healing it will allow your body do will change your mindset within 1 month's time. This will create the space for you too, to do all of the little things that you felt like you couldn't get done. Maybe I should connect with people by bringing other founders to yoga classes. I'd actually love connecting with people that way. I'm living in Kingston (Ontario) right now, though planning to travel the next 3-4 months looking for technical + other people who we have a good rapport with to join me. Let me know if you're open for a visitor and to be dragged to some yoga. :) Tip #2: Therapy can help a lot, not medication-based, but talk based. In my opinion medications poison your mind and lessen your overall potential (not forgetting the hit and miss with finding one that 'works' for you, and realizing newer studies show they're not really any better than placebo for most people). And you can reach the same level of flow in life with proper support and doing things every day to take care of yourself. I've been seeing someone for over a year now, who's an Innerchild/Regression therapist - really just looking at how you react and feel in different situations and helping you release past things that you are suppressing and are holding you in a certain pattern. I'm unimaginably farther ahead in my self-awareness and balance than I was a year ago. Tip #3: Upverter looks fantastic. I'm jealous at how far along you are with it. I'm at least a year away from reaching the same place you're at with your company, with having a team, and product at the same place (and that's with some luck!). If you want some unsolicited design tips.. let me know. The tour I think would work better if you just put it all in a scrolly. I think you'd find you'll expose more people to all of the information (continuing to scroll is much easier than having to click around). Happy to see a fellow Canadian sharing on HN! I have a few more little design thoughts if you'd interested. Otherwise, you're on track - just start yoga - and let me know if you want me to visit and drag you the first few times. It's nice to have expectations set by someone who's been doing it 4 1/2+ years, and I also did a 200-hour Hatha yoga teacher training in the summer.. so I'm a little qualified to offer yogic advice. :) "I’m nontechnical" - your cofounder was technical then? Ah gotcha. "I’m nontechnical but happened to have two technical friends and roommates who both worked at startups." doesn't say that they joined you at the incubator. :) And yes, lucky indeed. I'm going to be traveling this summer some in hopes of finding one or multiple technical cofounders. Already have the idea well-planned out. They'll work, just need to get the tech cofounders so investors will even take a look. Hmm.. lies! :P I've actually not really had any luck finding any. I must be looking in the wrong places. Want to grab a tea/coffee? :) Cool. Sent. :) Let me know if you find it.. Without knowing the internal details it sounds like there's some fear locking out change-making decisions. There are a few metrics Pinterest has that others similar don't have. In no particular order, i) The name is a genius combination of the primary action, and the primary purpose behind it + it's highly brandable / memorable ii) The facade of exclusive club via requiring an Invite / being able to Request an Invite iii) They're scraping the web's content, and putting on their own site, thereby reducing / eliminating traffic leaks; I'm undecided if I think it's fair, something doesn't feel right about it - because where some may benefit from their content being copied (you could argue copied->stolen, and probably show damages), many more I believe will not benefit and those are merely feeding the Pinterest ecosystem. ... a few more that I understand but keeping to myself. :) Bootstrap keeps getting sexier and sexier. Thank you to everyone who's contributing. This bothers me too, perhaps it's romanticism, however I feel it's taking away from the authenticity of the process. VCs investing in a company are investing in the team. The team should be more than some technical folks. This situation makes me wonder how much of the ideas and direction came from the incubator, and how much came from the team - and who's specific vision, etc.. I don't know how far ahead, long-term thinking (re: strategy, future features, etc) could be figured out if ideas weren't solidified over a period of time. The depth of the ideas I don't think in most cases would go very far. From my own experiences putting time into development without first having a solid idea of what you're wanting to create ends up being a lot of extra development time. For myself, I have spent years evolving my ideas and now I'm very ready to find technical co-founders / core team members. I've been told by some very experienced and very wise folks that I have everything else figured out. Also, I don't see any company posting drafts of business plans. It would give away too much. I do always wonder where these 'other ideas' come from though. I would think people would keep their best ideas that they'd hope to be able to do someday, for themselves, and only share their secondary ideas that they'd never see themselves doing. I do see this being beneficial for incubators in being able to experiment with relatively minimum costs to them, though is this really going to yield big results for the team members or are they selling themselves short? "Upstart lets you raise capital in return for a small portion of your future income. So you can do what you were meant to do." Hm, I'm able to raise capital without Upstart.. and keep all portions of my future income. If your idea is good enough, planned out enough, and presentation is good - then all you need to do is talk to investors. I like how they're trying to be clever, though can't currently see how the service taking future income is justifiable. That's how I saw it, however I think the remaining ~$40 billion is sufficient to continue a dominant position in where they excel. Things only evolve so fast, and unless they were planning on extending into specializing into other markets, there's only so much money that can be spent in one area before you'll potentially extend yourself into other areas too much and dilute expertise/focus. Apple's brand can't dilute too much either, though there are some areas I can see them being able to excel in - but they might not have the total foresight or incentives needed to maintain dominance in those areas, as experts already exist in those fields and they'd be competing for human resources - they do have ~$40 billion left + will surely make many more billions to use however they please. Hopefully they are with you because they would enjoy working on the project and with eachother. If they just want money and a security net then they'll jump ship. Hopefully the community you create with your project is what they want though. Goodluck. :) I'm still trying to find great technical co-founders, and they'll be the type who I'd want to be able to be desired by Apple, Google, etc.. Get to a yoga class every day. That's your break away from the world, once per day. That's how I first broke the cycle - I wasn't giving any actual time to myself. Second part is if there are thoughts and feelings coming up you can't find a solution to yourself (eg: cognitive dissonance because of the results you see happening) then you need to talk to different people to get new perspectives that help you get through the cognitive dissonance. Easier said than done, but that process works for me when I am aware it's needed.. I agree the use case ulf suggested is more of a turn-off, and more used for trying to create a beneficial relationship through dishonest / manipulative means. Starbucks does the name-game in the best "automated" way as you can. Asking for your name to put on your drink, and then they repeat your name a bunch of times - which attempts to make people feel they have more of a connection. I don't like being reminded / told I'm wasteful with my decisions. Other people might be turned off by the insinuation too. my free 2 cents I'd see it as the keycode / directions / a path to connecting all of the pieces; At what level all of the pieces are stored at (biological/physical in brain, in subtle energies, other?), who knows? Sadly ideas aren't valued in the business world, only execution is promoted as the important part - so people trying to make profit can feel less guilty. If you want a comparison of how Facebook cares (or doesn't) overall, look at how they changed people's privacy settings multiple times without notification, and continue to make changes without users permission, etc.. I like this. Has potential. Good luck. :) They can also piggyback and associate themselves on Draw Something's success, and promote it amongst their own users - which they may have seen their some of their userbase switching over to Draw Something, a game they didn't own or control. What's the value of losing that mindshare? I guess potentially $200+ million. The most important part of being a big company when competing with other big companies is keeping mindshare. You need to stay relevant in people's minds. Google owning Android does this in a subtle but powerful way. This is why RIM is failing, or perhaps more so why there's a huge belief that RIM is failing - which will only then. RIM used to be mentioned all the time with people BBM'ing. They had a chance to continue to be relevant, though I am unsure if that time has passed; I've not had the time to determine if they still have a chance to recover and become dominant in people's minds again. The same convenience can exist on a different platform, that doesn't have the same abuse of its members/participants. So negotiate strongly on the cap - don't undersell yourself. Think bigger. Give your mind the opportunity to discover the path. It's for the users, to prevent a competitor from 'owning' them - Facebook could block the API, otherwise all of their competitors can still gain access to them. If Facebook does start to screw around with the API then they're destroying value to the consumer. It's really too bad Instagram sold so soon. I hope they took mostly money. Don't shy away from opportunity to teach. Just make sure you show it as a link, perhaps that means a simple popover explaining in simple terms what REST means. Beautiful. It's missing community integrations / anchors, though they will come with time. Trust for quality, and their userbase is okay with paying a premium. In a way, they are dumb if they don't try, though they might not want to dilute their brand, and there are potential risks. Plus, the payment game is changing so rapidly, it doesn't necessarily make sense to divert people's attention to it. Does this signal our perception of the universe is structured by the energy's surrounding us? We did evolve along with all of these energies. The human mind is malleable and dynamic, not fixed like a 24 FPS camera lens (I imagine most humans don't have a fixed framerate for incoming sensory) - I do wonder if other critters with less dynamic minds would fail to some kind of trick. I wonder too if it was this kind of dynamic ability that allowed us to disconnect from a fixed reality, thereby giving us contrast, the ability to analyze our surroundings, and therefore consciousness. It's likely more the method of energy generation for powering computers that is potentially (probably) contributing to pollution, which would be affecting global warming than the actual heat accounted for by CPUs.. With enough time you'll find so many more interesting things. :) I agree, I just hope we don't let quality of life and health here on Earth diminish more and more. Imagine if everyone was healthy, happy, and being as productive as they can be, doing what they enjoy most - imagine how much more energy could go into projects like these from productivity that won't be lost due to crime, too much turmoil from transition periods, etc.. Everyone would be able to on a daily basis have as much excitement as OP has. Exciting. Even if it costs $500 billion, or more, to create - if it's successful and you increase natural resources on Earth by $2 trillion + create a whole heck a lot of innovation in the process, it'll be a huge overall positive / success. Perhaps though this is all a coverup plan to visit a spaceship that crashed on the moon... It's a redflag for the stability of Facebook being able to maintain their dominance; A blog post I did related to this, http://mattamyers.tumblr.com/post/22070489398/re-how-twitter... Google's might be overvalued but I don't think so. They've had 10 years of search data to analyze and understand human behaviour. They're working on solving mass consumer real-life issues; Maps, Chrome, Self-driving cars, etc.. I chuckled. I imagine it’s likely used for tracking what links / tweets you were the originator of sharing? Perhaps in the future you coud have fun with that by associating certain content with people’s Twitter account names. Not sure what affect it would have though. :) I believe the value of a person to a society can come into account in rulings, mostly with non-violent offences. Had nothing to do with faddish idea. They dramatically changed the design and that killed it. There are underlying reasons why people are 'shy.' Shyness could just be being shy talking to girls or boys you're attracted to, it could be shy talking to anyone. It could be shyness that occurs when presenting. Shyness has a base of one having their guard up. Their energies will lock up, close off, and then it's difficult to impossible to use feeling to know you're safe (or not) in a situation. Figuring out what these guards are, allowing the thoughts that come up and feelings triggered that cause your guard to go up is the only way to let your guard start to come down and stay down when it doesn't need to be up; If you go on medications you could even further distance yourself from being able to connect to your inner-self (to your body and emotions, and 'intuitive' understanding that comes from that connection). Time/money. Getting patents early on is a large waste of resources, and then really causes your path to be fixed (re: "keep trying to implement that technology in products although it doesn't really solve anything"). I wrote a blog post about this ( http://mattamyers.tumblr.com/post/22070489398/re-how-twitter... ) which included a link to an article enttiled Instagram-scam? That can article can be found at http://www.donnaklinenow.com/investigation/instagram-scam We do, you just don't hear about it because "we're in it together" and it's not really anyone's specific money being stolen. And banks profit so much, it's just a small dent in their profits. And these security costs and investigation is paid by society, not the banks. Except for the market is changing. Not necessarily if you're using the same metrics as Pinterest's valuation.. I agree with all of these, except the issue is the bigger investment firms want their teams in one location for the core component pieces anyway. Not sure if this is because it makes a company more sellable later on, or to make sure people are actually working, etc.. This is what's taking me the longest time is finding / getting the core team together. Meanwhile I just keep planning and organizing more and more for when I finally have a team - it's all I can do with the only unlimited resource I have - my mind! Please don't sell to Facebook. You'll have more value being a de-centralized company. "Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,… it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." — Albert Einstein What really matters is how you treat people, not what you believe about them. If it's important you'll find another way to contact them. The logic behind using it to show if they fail or not doesn't work. The system that would identify if a message was sent would be tied into the messaging system; They should have this if it's possible, though they don't need to make the results known. The value of a billion people being connected is priceless. This ability isn't exclusive nor controlled nor owned by Facebook though, so allotting a value to Facebook based on this is bad idea. People are mobile online. The internet itself is the platform allowing this, not Facebook. They showed that there was a need to be filled, though aside from that, overall they aren't doing what's best for users/consumers/people. I'm sorry for the disappointment! Though, now I too would like to read a blog post on Bootstrapping (statistics) related somehow to tech startups... Interesting. :) I agree that you have to have something that people can invest in - something that has value - before it will get any money. chmike's question of how does YC do it then? It's based on talent, as he said. The people / founders with domain expertise / knowledge do have a certain value to them - and that is really what they're investing in. If you're an engineer, then your value to tech startups and investors is seen even more valuable. Of course. You're right. It's really about announcing the time, energy, sweat, effort, etc. you've put into it - and by announcing it I feel people in a way are celebrating it, that they are proud of it - which they should be. Because stock value, after you've gone to the pay window / sold the initial amount to make your investment money back and make money for founders, doesn't really matter to the founders / investors. They know that it's not tied to any real internal metrics. Stocks are a game. Game for the economy when people who don't understand are better high-risk and don't have a clue about internet evolutions / the cycles online. Facebook took advantage of that. Smart? Sure. Abusive? Yup - though they haven't shown much care for what they do to users/consumers anyway. Facebook's earnings are via a controlled ecosystem. You can't maintain higher profits that way. You can have short-term higher profits that way - just not maintain them. Pretty shitty. It comes across to me like they're trying to give a head-start to developers in the US; Not the best way to welcome the international developer community. I submitted another blog post of mine to HN a few days ago and it started started some conversation, so figured I'd make another go at it and see if I should more regularly post / see if what I write about is something HN is interested in. Good luck! It's not worth $108 billion, it never was - never will be. This was a scam. A Ponzi Pyramid Scheme. A cash-grab. http://www.jperla.com/blog/post/facebook-is-a-ponzi-scheme Anyone buying Facebook at the IPO value are sheep and gamblers. I'm going to guess, based on how Facebook tries to do things, if this happened that they would try to increase user numbers of Opera (or however they re-brand it) by requiring you to use it in order to login. Force and control seems to be Facebook's way.. cough-abuse-cough They definitely are an innovation company. Sign of protest? This data isn't fully valuable unless you know what alternate behaviour the users are performing (instead of clicking the alternate-coloured buttons). They still could be staying on your site, just not following the same funnel. They could be return visitors as well. Right. If you totaled the importance values then you could see a nice funnel. Re: #4 - It's trying to be manipulative, when there's no need to be. I too was turned off by their presentation of the sale as well. I am guessing they don't have a lot of experience selling off things, especially things they are attached to. It sounds like they really don't want to sell it, or at least not let it fall into a competitor's hands. Some countries allow this culturally so they can bring and keep jobs at home. http://www.apple.com/ vs http://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/devices/ http://www.apple.com/iphone/ vs https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/devices/chromebox.html I'd say Google's doing a better job. It's the brand of the company that matters; It's the foundation for what a user will expect, and will let them trust what they are seeing in front of them as valuable to them - prior to even knowing anything specific about it. It's nuanced UI-related. There's a lot of psychology involved to understand the holistic effects. You need to include things like someone's brand perception into deciding how effective a UI will be, such as trusted brands will let someone assume that what they are looking at is trustworthy - and therefore of enough value for them to care and look further into it / to get interested. Hope that helps? Brilliant. Raising awareness will not let people forget and become comfortable with the status quo. SD;GSD Curiosity will have more people clicking Good job Wattpad! Congrats It's triggering optimism / uplifting. Interesting it's bothering you in some way. Edit: To add, it also could be that there's no movement to it - so it also gives me a sense the bird is stalling, and about to fall the ground. What luck. What luck. Cool. Request: Chrome Extension that turns the Twitter icon / logo into Batman I laughed. Thanks. Highly doubt this would just be about taxing U.S.-based websites. Clearly the article is biased. Anyone know what the benefits of such a tax could bring? Let's see the other side of the coin.. They said they'd be shutting it down if they didn't sell it. Did they say now they're keeping it? That would look even worse for their credibility, honesty, integrity, etc.. Thanks for posting this. This now gives me the framework to start creating a plot around some ideas I've had floating around and evolving for quite some time. Well it's true they're domineering. The first people are amazing if you are solving a problem point that they've been 'suffering.' That's a good signal to have. :) And technically I imagine those damages would / should be transferred to those who illegally took them down and are holding the data. Thank you for citing your experience for credibility purposes. :) They continue to clamp down on their controlled ecosystem business model. Benefits do come from standardization and not allowing users or unqualified service providers screwing around trying to fix things, though it increases costs then - and I am unsure which is worst. Standardization can exist without a controlled ecosystem. I can see people registering main keywords, or playful phrases that work.. eg: about.me etc.. However then those will just turn into cybersquatting and auctioning off in most cases. I can see it causing confusion in some situations as well.