That is actually a really nice metaphor they came up with. The seal and imprint are pretty useful for explaining signed email. I already explain encrypted email to colleagues with the key and lock metaphor: I give you a box full of open padlocks to which only I hold the key, and you do the same for me. Anyone can have the padlocks as long as you keep the key secure. Seems to work. Definitely! With PGP/Mime email clients that don't understand OpenPGP simply show a small attachment. Without PGP/Mime (the old way) you get funky delimiters in your mail body that look scary to non-technical users. I started with the old way (because it appears to be more compatible with legacy email clients) until a colleague worriedly asked me about the weirdness in my mails, so I switched to PGP/Mime. As far as I can tell only really old Outlook versions can't handle PGP/Mime, and you can use plain text mails as well as HTML. In any halfway decent build your tests will run whenever you build the project, to prevent tests from ever getting outdated. If any test fails, it is because you broke it just now, so you go in and see if your test is broken, or, as is often the case, your refactored code is breaking the expected behaviour of the tested code. > Tests affecting the structure […] is […] a strong code smell On the other hand, code being hard or impossible to test is often thought of as a code smell as well. Code that is easy to test is easier to understand — not in the least because there are tests demonstrating its use. Techniques such as dependency injection help a lot here. Not just to someone else. Nothing is more pleasant than going in to refactor code you wrote years ago, and find that you wrote comprehensive unit tests. Thank you past-me! Yeah, this makes Signal a total non-starter for me. It is doing the same thing WhatsApp does: you need a smartphone to use it. Even the desktop version requires a smartphone to create an account. If privacy is so important for Signal, why forbid using it without a phone number? It makes no sense. > When Times New Roman appears in a book, doc­u­ment, or adver­tise­ment, it con­notes apa­thy. It says, “I sub­mit­ted to the font of least resis­tance.” Times New Roman is not a font choice so much as the absence of a font choice, like the black­ness of deep space is not a color. To look at Times New Roman is to gaze into the void. Nicely worded. Even if you don't want to bother with typography at all, Times New Roman is rarely a good default. It was designed for typesetting tall and narrow newspaper columns, not A4 or Letter width letters and memos. I guess a lot of people are or were used to: tar -xzf file.tar.gz To be honest, I only started doing -xf a year ago. I was used to -xjf and -xzf. We were looking at a company communication channel to replace Yammer and Google Chat a while back, and briefly played with Slack. In the end trading in one cloud service for another seemed unwise. Because we already used self-hosted GitLab when they announced the inclusion of MatterMost (FOSS self-hosted alternative to Slack) we simply activated that and have been quite satisfied with it. Another self-hosted alternative you might like is MatterMost, which is quite similar to Slack in look-and-feel, but free software and self-hosted. After getting fed up with the cost of razor cartridges I went and got a double edged razor holder and 100 Derby safety razors, and never looked back. This seems to be one of those curious cases where (at least in Europe and North America!) almost everyone either owns an electric shaver or buys expensive multi-blade cartridges, and has done so for decades. But over time the value added by those cartridges — safety from children's fingers? Certainly not a closer shave — was nullified and actually made negative by their cost. Meanwhile I shave for €5 a year with safety razors. Is the marketing of cartridges such a strong agent here that the seemingly superior solution is largely ignored? Or am I not seeing the appeal of a Gillette nine-blade turbo-smooth aloë-vera-coated hyper-cartridge? I sometimes wonder if this phenomenon is limited to the West, and that the rest of the world happily shaves with cheap safety blades or straight edge razors. Good set of recommendations. Client-side certificates are great for securing web applications in a corporate setting, but the client-side is indeed a bit rough in the UI — although once set-up, it is no hassle at all. A major benefit of client-side certificates, is that you can increase the security of all internet-facing web applications you have by routing all external traffic through a gateway proxy, and performing the certificate check there. We use Nginx for that, and host applications such as GitLab, MatterMost, OwnCloud, and DokuWiki that way (performing authentication with LDAP so users can log in with the same credentials on all services). I'm not sure I agree with his suggestion of having the ability to automatically synchronize client-side certificates between devices. I would rather have that be a conscious (security) choice rather than an automatic feature. I agree as far as unsupported consumers are concerned, but it is perfectly usable in a corporate setting. As commenter mikegioia already noted; it takes only five minutes to help install the certificate on a user's computer. After that it just works. GWT may have been an impressive solution for a problem that existed when supporting legacy browsers such as Internet Explorer 6 was still an issue, but its time has passed. The general idea was that you get the mature tooling and strong typing of Java, and abstract away all the browser nastiness. Best of both worlds right? The problem with GWT is that you are only using the Java language, and so you are missing all the libraries that make Java such a rich ecosystem when run in the JVM. The abstraction layer it forms keeps your developers locked in a world that is neither Java, nor modern HTML5/ECMAScript. So instead of learning to use new browser features, your team is stuck fighting GWT's idiosyncrasies and waiting for it to finish compiling. If you are considering frameworks for a new web application, go for Ember or Angular. GWT is obsolete and will hold you back. No particular reason beyond my inexperience with React and the impression that Ember and Angular are more mature at this point. I was wondering about that mess just the other day admiring the weirdness of our borders there. I guess one reason why those enclaves and miniature counter-enclaves exist there, is because it makes for a nice tourist attraction; the local community won't give that up without a fight. This seems to concern a small unpopulated peninsula with no buildings at all, so no problem in this case. I tried to open the (Dutch) DOCX that contains the official position paper of our government, but LibreOffice refuses to open it: File format error found at SAXParseException: '[word/document.xml line 2]: unknown error', Stream 'word/document.xml', Line 2, Column 30060(row,col). http://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerstukken/brieven_regering/deta... Great. Usually OOXML Word files at least open in LibreOffice, but this one seems to have some unsolvable weirdness. I don't get why they don't offer a PDF download — it, at least, is an open format that can be reliably opened on any OS. Or offer a plain text version, or simply post the paper on their website in HTML. Interesting. This is LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. I guess it is a bug in LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. This is the default version included with Ubuntu 15.10. Much appreciated. :) The money going to OpenSSL might be related to the issue the Dutch government ran into in 2011 with the Diginotar (a certificate authority) hack; the TLS certificates for Dutch government websites were compromised at that time. While this hack was not related to weaknesses in OpenSSL (as far as I know), this did put the spotlight on the vulnerability and dependence on of the certificate chain. Supporting the software that provides this crucial layer of security makes a lot of sense for a government that has been bitten once. Done. The helpdesk representative actually mailed me the PDF version, and said that a PDF version should be forthcoming: Bijna alle kamerstukken zijn als pdf terug te vinden. Zo te zien worden de recente eerst als doc gepubliceerd. Apparently new documents can be posted as DOCX only (strange). You are right to point out the open standard guidelines, but unfortunately, they are marked as comply or explain . This means that they are not mandatory if you have a valid reason not to be able to comply with them. In this case, the reason is probably "our civil servants are used to Microsoft's defaults", which is — as much as I disagree with this policy — probably enough to get away it. It looks off somehow, but that may be because of the lack of @font-face. I have no Helvetica on my computer, so some fall-back font is chosen instead. If you have public-facing SSH daemons running, adding 2FA seems sensible. Google Authenticator essentially turns another computing device (the smartphone) into an ersatz hardware token. While this does increase security, I don't like the trend of turning the smartphone into a universal second factor. Alternatively, you could go for a dedicated hardware token such as Yubico's FIDO U2F [1] keys [2]. Hardware tokens that use the fledgling FIDO U2F standard can also be used with PAM and SSH as well [3]. Two U2F keys (one backup) will cost around $40, and can be used with a growing number of webservices, including GitHub, DropBox, and GMail as well. The small form factor means you can put the key on your (physical, real world) keychain. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ 2: https://www.yubico.com/products/yubikey-hardware/fido-u2f-se... 3: https://developers.yubico.com/pam-u2f/ > for example, PIA is probably a massive honeypot for all we know. Why the 'probably'? Of course, no VPN-provider should be trusted at face value, but do you know of any sources that claim that Private Internet Access is in fact an elaborate honeypot? This is not an attack on someone's use of language; merely a polite request to clarify a piece of ambiguous phrasing. If there are indeed sources that claim that PIA is acting as a honeypot, then that would be very interesting to know. I don't own a smartphone, for one, but I could purchase one if it would benefit me. As it is though, I cannot justify the cost and the increased monthly expenses. But for the sake of argument; if I did own a smartphone, I wouldn't want to turn it into a sort of virtual keychain. I can buy three U2F keys for under €60, and have spares. Smartphones are a single point of failure — unless you are in the habit of collecting spare smartphones. There is also the matter of control. At the moment there are only a handful of smartphones that run an OS that is not under the control of Apple, Microsoft, or Google (Ubuntu smartphones come to mind as an alternative). On the other hand, on a normal computer I can run a full free software stack. To me this seems odd. If I own a piece of hardware, I want to run an OS and applications I can legally modify and tinker with, especially if I use it as a security device. By using tools such as Google Authenticator I get sucked into this walled garden. The behaviour of hardware tokens such as Yubico's U2F keys on the other hand is completely verifiable — mostly because they are quite simple compared to a smartphone. (Aside from these personal views on software, I do have high security requirements as well for some services, where a dedicated hardware token is preferable, as you point out.) There is a crucial difference here. With FIDO U2F I am not limited to Yubico's offerings; there are other vendors. FIDO U2F devices can be manufactured by any company (and are). I agree that the ideal situation would be a device that is completely under the control of the user, but compared to IOS or Android, a hardware token that only does what it is supposed to do (in the case of the U2F tokens; register and sign authentication requests), and cannot be modified by the manufacturer after sale is very much preferable. The BBC seems to be managing to do just that quite well. Their IPlayer is quite hard to access from outside of Great Britain. If Netflix will actually do this, then it will be impossible to use Netflix with the majority of commercial VPN providers. (Netflix will lose me as a customer as well.) Kindle; so e-books right? That's digital content, and that suffers from the same problem (and silly restrictions) Netflix is having. Real — sorry — physical books might work. I you do a job for me, and I don't pay you, then most people will agree that I really ought to pay you, and that you were wronged and that I am morally and legally obliged to mend my ways. You could convincingly explain that situation to a five-year old. Now consider the perspective of someone who has the disposable income to pay for digital content, and is willing to support content producers, but gets told that his $10 is not as good as the $10 from someone from another country with a similar standard of living. This is acceptable with physical goods, where transport and stock have to be taken into account, but with digital content and today's Internet speeds it is hard to garner any sympathy. So we are left with a choice: don't watch that show, or download it illegally and watch it. It is quite hard to convince people that by downloading the show illegally, you are now depriving a content owner in some foreign country of income by not being able to sell the local rights to that content for as good a price to a local distributor; if one can be found at all, who might sell that content to you in your country, or not, or only for a much higher price on DVD or BluRay, depending on their whim and abstract factors such as the local digital content market and the actions of competitors, and… Good luck convincing these new pirates of their moral wrong. Firefox on Linux works with Netflix now? I though only Chrome worked on Linux due to the DRM Netflix uses. I watch Netflix exclusively through their website — either on TV with my HTPC (Kodi with Chrome fullscreen) or on my computer. I don't own any devices that can run their Android or IOS apps. It seems strange to consider a currency as a viable alternative for other currencies, when a sizeable chunk of the total available sum of it is owned by a single person or group simply because they came up with the system, and another large part is in the hands of speculators. There is nothing fair about a currency that is so volatile in value by design and is essentially speculative in nature. It is sad to see that this side of Bitcoin is not stressed more often. I am glad that Google is not focusing exclusively on using biometric factors to implement two or more factor authentication solutions these days, because there are quite a lot of valid arguments against widespread use of it. Biometric properties are limited in number (couple of irises, bunch of fingers), cannot be replaced (at least not with a replacement that can serve as a biometric source of identification), cannot be shared (voluntarily), and are considered by many as an unreasonably invasive manner of identifying yourself. Needless to say that the notion of a microphone analysing my every move and utterance sounds like something from a dystopian sci-fi novel. Instead of using biometric properties as a second factor, I find user-friendly and reusable hardware tokens to be very much preferable. Fortunately Google is also a backer of FIDO U2F, which outlines a standard for hardware tokens the size of a thumb — but unlike your actual meaty appendages, it is replaceable and not quite as bloody to lend to someone in case he or she has a valid reason to access your accounts for you. These work with USB, NFC, and Bluetooth LTE, on any OS, with (soon) any modern browser (currently only Chrome supports it, but Mozilla is committed to implement this technique in Firefox as well), and can be used for an infinite number of services; without the token being identifiable across services. Succeed in making having one of these tokens on your (physical!) key-chain as common as having the key your front door there, and use the economy of scale to make these tokens as cheap as a happy meal; that would be an acceptable way to beef up security for Joe Sixpack and privacy conscious netizens alike, but leave my body alone. The tokens you pass out even expire automatically. How useful. Probably because hardly anyone owns one. They are luxury items. Good point. I wonder if it is sensible to limit the number of refreshes permitted (by placing a counter in the JWT that gets decreased on every refresh). That way you could have the JWT be valid for, say, 30 minutes, and allow up to seven refreshes; after four hours you would have to re-authenticate. As for invalidating tokens; if tokens expire after a sensible interval (as they should), than you would only have to maintain a short list of recently issued and invalidated tokens. Older tokens can be removed from that list, because they cannot be used in any case after expiring. You could use a cache with a TTL set to a bit over the configured expiration interval. When the author of a website does this, there are a few tricks you can use in modern browsers to help. In Firefox shift+ctrl+m launches a developer tool that allows you to resize the viewport (for testing responsive designs) without having to resize your browser. Also available in Firefox (and even nicer) is the Reader View, which works on this blog post. Its icon should be visible on the right hand side of the address bar. Then a major factor in this vulnerability is that the API does not exclusively use TLS to secure all communication. You might want to clarify that in the blog post. When you use JWT with the option to refresh the tokens, you usually set an expiry date on the token (if not, there is no point in refreshing at all). So in order to stay authenticated, the client application has to refresh the token a short while before it actually expires and use the new one (which has an updated expiry date) or simply get signed off. The previous token expires automatically — a well-designed back-end checks against the expiry date and any other claims that should be verified, as well as the signature. So you can force clients to accept the new token with a counter that gets decremented at each refresh until you have to re-authenticate. There is no need for a separate long-term refresh token. Most vendors on AliExpress only sell such low-cost items in lots, so you could, for example, only buy these buttons by the dozen. Although that still means you end up with a margin that is ridiculously instead of ludicrously small. That sounds more like an exception than the rule. Everything I order from AliExpress of DHGate ends up at my door. We do have a very dedicated PostNL delivery guy here though. It probably won't help very much to simply name the other big names (you surely know about Heinlein and Clarke), but I was surprised to find Theodore Sturgeon's stories to be quite intriguing, even though he seems not as well-known as aforementioned contemporaries. Try some of his short stories to get a feel for his oeuvre. Could you elaborate on that? With OpenJDK at least the software side of things is pretty much stable and open (in a FOSS sense), so I take you are referring to possible legal ramifications of Oracle's actions? The requirement of a phone number is strange and disconcerting from a privacy standpoint. It is a red flag for me. A well-designed encrypted chat-protocol should work on any modern networked computing device, not just smartphones or computing devices linked to a smartphone. It's great that there is such a strong interest in secure communication, but all of the solutions that keep getting placed in the limelight in recent years are either centralised or exclusively available for use with a smartphone (because of the phone number requirement), often both! I'm sure that these solutions are a lot more secure than completely unprotected alternatives, but am I wrong in assuming that if you want secure and private communications, the following principles must be met at the least? * The protocol used must be open, standardized and implementable by others * Widely endorsed by cryptography experts * An implementation must be available and developed as free and open source software * End-to-end encryption is used for the contents of the conversations, private keys do not leave the user's computing device * The protocol must not have any technological barriers that prevent an implementation from working on any modern operating system (i.e., a phone number is not required) * The protocol must allow for a complete communications network (clients and servers) to be implemented without the need for centralised third-party services (The last point probably implies federation.) For e-mail, OpenPGP meets these requirements. For chat, XMPP has Off-The-Record messaging. Some of the above points are hostile towards any party that creates secure communications tools with the intent of growing a large user base for economic purposes. Call me a sceptic, but this is probably why use of these protocols and principals is limited to security experts and software developers who understand these principles — for anyone betting on creating the next WhatsApp in one of the mobile walled gardens embracing the whole list means risking losing your potential advertising eyeballs to alternatives. Of course, there is also the matter of infrastructure. A lot of people expect to be able to use these tools for free, but that implies that someone is paying for the hosting of (relay) servers. > impossible Difficult perhaps, certainly not impossible, and quite feasible if someone helps you. But I am not suggesting OpenPGP as an alternative for chat-apps for everyone; only for those who understand how to use the technology properly. I mention OpenPGP and XMPP OTR because they are examples of open standards that do fulfil the principles outlined above. That is, to illustrate that it is certainly not impossible or infeasible to create such a technology. What is missing is a technology that does that, and allows anyone (regardless of technological prowess) to use them safely. It is a tough problem though. I'm probably dropping my Netflix subscription when the VPN-route fails (seems to work for me now oddly enough). It is silly to expect customers outside of the US to pay a slightly higher subscription fee for a significantly smaller catalogue. The Netherlands hasn't got it as as bad as Poland, but still our catalogue is only half that of the US. I am willing to pay, and I understand that regional licensing is a complex topic, but I am often interested in the older films and series. It is great that Netflix is rolling out their own shows world-wide, but without the VPN-route it feels like I am subsidising a catalogue I cannot access myself. UNOGS probably uses a list of all countries in the world and maps that to the Netflix catalogue. I doubt the Pontifex's Netflix catalogue differs from that of Italy. Nice. Depressing as well if you look at the catalogue sizes. If the FIDO U2F standard takes off, we may just see this happen. U2F keys do not include the functionality to hold OpenPGP keys, but they could help in having people understand the notion of a keychain for security. I would have expected to see at least some of their source code on Github ( https://github.com/Crypho ), especially the client-side where the private key and passphrase are handled (as described at https://www.crypho.com/security.html ). Without being able to inspect the source, why should anyone trust this company more than, say, Google or Facebook? Ricochet looks interesting ( https://ricochet.im/ ), but can it scale with TOR as the means of transport? As much as I like the notion of anonymous communication, I wonder if the TOR network can grow beyond its current state in order to be used reliably for this type of service. From what I understand, TOR needs lots of independent exit nodes to offer dependable anonymity and have enough bandwidth, but running an exit node seems to open you up to serious legal consequences because of content passing through it that may be illegal in your jurisdiction. Doesn't that rule out normal consumers running an exit node at home? Wow, who would have thought it? Privacy Badger can answer some of those questions: https://www.eff.org/privacybadger I would expect governments to pay once for the right to use such a font in perpetuity for its intended purpose. I don't begrudge typographers their remuneration, but from a public standpoint it makes no sense to have to license a typeface separately for every government computer that needs to use it to design road signs. > Why the downvotes?! Probably because of the needless profanity and lack of an explanation for your statement (my best guess, I did not downvote you). > bells and whistles These kind of features are completely unnecessary for developers, but are useful for the less tech-savvy team members. The markup is not hidden, so it provides a way to learn some basic MarkDown (good!). That in turn improves communication, which improves your product. Beware of the fallacy of believing that because someone finds the time to polish their product or add seemingly simple features, they don't invest resources in more complex features or research and development. These are not mutually exclusive goals, even though resources are by definition limited. I would say that it is a valid question, because the answer sheds some light on the architecture and goals (or business model) of a project. It also reflects a (healthy) renewed interest in reducing our dependency on cloud services; because of privacy concerns or legal implications for example. It is also not immediately apparent from Ring's website and wiki. The developers of Ring are quite helpful in replying here on HN though. If you leave out the secure, distributed, decentralised, free software, and privacy conscious aspects Ring is touting, you get Skype. Why do you want a Skype killer if not for those features? Considering the amount of variables that contribute to the browser fingerprint, you would be forced to conclude that the only way to prevent being so unique is to run a browser in a vanilla VM (although the OS is already a variable in itself). I think this is a topic that gets discussed by (for example) the Firefox developers, but I get the feeling that this is one of the hardest problems to fix. I would like to see a browser mode akin to the privacy mode most browsers feature that reduces the number of identifying variables (at the cost of features). So instead of telling the world that my time zone is CET and I prefer English (GB) as language, it would select a random time zone and locale (although this does inconveniently mean that sites might suddenly serve me content in Portuguese). Come to think of it, TOR Browser probably does a couple of these things. Disabling Javascript is surely the biggest factor, although that does make the modern web pretty much unusable. On the other hand, a lot of users only expect that their loved ones cannot access their porn browsing history — this is the common user story for privacy mode. If this feature was designed from that perspective, rather than a leave-no-trace-behind philosophy, this kind of behaviour is entirely plausible. Not that I would recommend a Microsoft browser when you want privacy; or their OS for that matter. A lot of factors that make up the total fingerprint have an influence on how sites react to your browser, so I would have it change per-session and per-domain to prevent weirdness. Most Linux distributions by default configure the track-pad to emulate the middle mouse by clicking the left and right button simultaneously. Not as nice as an actual third button, but useful if you are on a laptop without a peripheral mouse attached. A classic example of Germany's Wirtschaftswunder. Today you would be hard pressed to find a home where his company's wall plugs are not used somewhere — at least in Europe. Absolutely. The number of people who would still resort to blocking ads if they were non-targeted, static, tastefully done yet clearly recognizable as advertisements, served locally, non-tracking, and non-obtrusive would probably have been negligible. But now there is an entire economy that depends on advertisements that track you and know you and need to be served via third party brokers, because if they didn't they wouldn't sell. I don't know the solution to fix this mess, but I will gladly help pop the current bubble so something more useful can replace it. Had the same thing happen to me with a monitor. I neglected to install an ad-blocker right away on that freshly installed computer. Not making that mistake again. Cats for ads. Has a nice ring to it. I'm surprised no one built it yet. How is their plan autistic? Hanke and Henry seem idealistic, academic, and likely lack a solid understanding of the sociological consequences that make their plan utterly unattainable, but they don't strike me as sufferers of autism. Fido U2F support is currently in development by Mozilla for Firefox. See the last post of that bug, or look for the U2F discussions on the Firefox mailing lists if you want to find out more about the current status. I really like the Fido U2F concept, because it ticks all the right boxes; simple to use, reusable for multiple services without being traceable, multiple hardware vendors, open standard, soon implement in Chrome, Firefox, and Edge (although I am not sure about the status in Edge right now), and cheap. But this solves logging in with a browser . I have been wondering about things like IMAP for e-mail access. To secure my mail a second factor sounds great, but right now all solutions mean I get 2FA when I log in with a browser, but as soon as I use an e-mail client I am back to username and password (application-specific or otherwise). Ideally, Fido U2F would be an option to use with IMAP and SMTP as well, so that Thunderbird, Outlook, or Apple Mail can prompt me to touch the U2F key when I get my mail. I have not been able to find much information on this approach yet though. Is it possible? Desirable? Any insights? Such backup codes are probably the safest way to go about this. A sheet of codes that you print or write out on a piece of paper and store with your valuables. No phone required, at all. It would not be a very useful standard if a smartphone was a requirement. Have a look at this short overview: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ UAF is authentication by means of a local device with some biometric authentication factor. U2F uses a separate hardware token that can be used via USB, NFC, or Bluetooth LE — so basically, any modern computing device. The client-side code and the standard are fairly trivial to implement — thanks to Yubico as well — but the problem lies in designing and standardising an extension to the existing mail protocols, and getting that accepted as a common feature for e-mail providers (such as Google and Microsoft) and a common feature in MTAs and MDAs. Duly noted; thanks for clarifying. I do get the impression UAF is targeted mostly as a biometric authentication system — which I indeed dislike, so I do see your point. Perhaps the confusion stems from the UAF/U2F split and the examples shown. Only for Fido UAF though. Fido U2F also attains the goal of reducing the knowledge factor to a PIN or something similar, but does this by employing discrete hardware tokens as the possession factor. That is exactly why we have , and >= (≥) in programming languages. It is a lot less verbose than saying exclusiveBetween(x, 5, 10) . In that respect, I miss the word 携帯. スマホ ( sumaho , ugh!) feels so uncultivated in such a pleasant language. It was a predictable outcome though. Japanese has a tendency to abbreviate common words, and the term smartphone (the unwieldy スマートフォン/sumātofon) was imported with the first generations of smartphones. The German Handy on the other hand (as ccozan mentions)… What a lovely word. Pocket PC still sounds nice, but Apple's marketing efforts caused the meaning of the word to become unclear. Pocket computer is perhaps the most neutral term available. For the average consumer this semantic discussion won't change their perception of those devices though. The masses for now have settled on the three categories of smartphone, tablet, and laptop/desktop computer. (Even more frustrating is that every piece of software, service, and website you use on those devices, and in some countries even a text message is called simply app .) Ditto. Nothing at all with uBlock Origin, just the article. Number ② might actually be feasible if micro payments can be implemented in a sensible manner. That is something I would like to see, but it seems hard to get right. An option missing from your list is sites providing free access to the first few articles in order to generate interest in their paid offerings. Newspapers sometimes do this; on their own sites and at aggregate services providing paid access to the articles from several newspapers and magazines. Google Analytics (and other comparable services) will often be blocked by tools such as EFF's Privacy Badger. It depends on your audience how many users do this. If you want reliable metrics, analyse your webserver's access logs instead, or implement a usage logging solution that does not depend on calls to a third party domain. Fonts hosted at a third party can be blocked, but not as often as analytics services. You could simply host the WOFF files with your website. As long as you configure the webserver to serve these fonts with the proper caching headers, users should only request them once. I like the concept of micro payments, but I am worried about the notion of a single large party providing this service. Can you imagine the worth of all those user profiles correlating topics, interests, articles, and websites? Payment would have to be anonymous for this to work. At least with Pidgin I could participate with any modern networked computing device. We have now reached a point where the most popular messaging networks are exclusively tied to smartphones (e.g., WhatsApp). What worries me most though, is that some businesses and governments no longer appear willing to use e-mail for external formal communication at all. When I asked my bank (ING in the Netherlands) how I could e-mail them with a question, they stated that e-mail is no longer an option (not even via a web-form), and that I would have to use Twitter direct messages, Facebook, or a web-based chat-page for any digital communication with them. E-mail may not be hip, but I do get to keep an archive with sent and received communications that I can easily backup and keep for future reference, just like I do with paper mail (at least the important stuff). Character is fine when talking about Unicode. As in: “That character at code point U+1F918 is not showing up as a proper glyph for me.” You might be thinking of how a single Unicode character does not necessarily map to a single byte in UTF-8 (the most common Unicode encoding). Some programming languages call a single byte variable a char or character; is that what you are referring to? Incidentally, the U+1F918 before 'about' is not available as a glyph on my system — i.e., I don't have a font installed that has it. The creator probably uses a Mac (as evidenced by his exclusive use of ⌘). Probably because the traditional Western image of a bidet is a separate bowl in a luxurious bathroom. That is, it comes across as a luxury item. It is an interesting topic though. I have spent a year living in Japan as a graduate student, and had an ultra-modern all-in-one toilet with a built-in bidet (these are quite common in Japanese homes, and even hotels tend to have them en-suite). At first you are confronted with your cultural baggage; all your life you have been using toilet paper to sanitize your nether regions. After that curiosity sets in, and you rationalize that if a whole modern society embraces this technology, than certainly there must be something to it. Then you start using it, and soon marvel at how barbaric and uncouth the toilet paper method is. Upon returning to my Western country I was again back to toilet paper, but getting a Japanese style toilet seat with built-in bidet is on my wish list… Unfortunately, toilet habits are not something that can be easily changed in any society. It is not something people like to discuss. If you've never encountered a bidet (built-in or otherwise) and had the opportunity to use it for a decent while, chances are you will reject the notion of owning one. While I agree with the sentiment, I fear that for many software developers ensuring the continuity of their livelihood is more important — either by necessity or choice — than defending the right to privacy and the freedom to keep private records. The difference is that it is for all practical purposes impossible to actually ban strong encryption, because it is a virtual good; it is a mathematical concept, implemented in a lot of widely available open source code. At most you can legislate that stock computing devices (such as smartphones) contain no such strong encryption without government backdoors, and you would be able to catch the low hanging fruit of the criminals depending on that technology. But you cannot prevent someone from using strong encryption using third party applications. How will you force a backdoor into, say, gnupg or dm-crypt? Outlaw that software? Any criminal worth his salt will use tools that are not backdoored, completely negating the gimped government-approved stock software. Guns are physical items that require physical ammunition. It is a completely different situation. This discussion and comparison is also very strange for someone from Europe, where owning a gun is rare and completely undesirable for the vast majority. I think your standpoint may well be what the majority considers reasonable, but consider this; nothing stops a criminal from using encryption technology without backdoors. There is no way to ban such technology, because it is already available for free from websites all around the globe, and distributed with free operating systems. So what you end up with is a gimped encryption technology that is much more vulnerable than what we have now for the common man, and strong encryption (available for free, right now) for everyone with a modicum of know-how. And how would you implement a global three-key backdoor? Which governments get to participate? Or should each country get their own backdoor for computing devices sold locally? Can I legally buy a computing device from another country and use it here? Can I legally install software of my own choosing? The kind of encryption that we use to safely buy stuff on-line (such as TLS for securing our HTTP connections) and the kind that security-aware people use to secure data (which includes criminals and anarchists, but also activists living under repressive regimes, healthcare professionals, lawyers, software developers, etc.) is quite similar from a mathematical standpoint. The underlying algorithms (such as AES, SHA-2, RSA, etc.) and mathematical concepts are often the same. There is no practical difference in the kind of crypto a criminal uses and the kind you would use to store your passwords and scans of important documents. Periodically copy them to an encrypted external (thumb) drive and keep that in a safe place. Use two if you want to store one of them off-site. Piece of cake with LUKS and dm-crypt on any modern Linux distro. Just use a long passphrase that you can remember. A private key without a passphrase can be used by anyone who gets hold of it. Why disable the extra protection a passphrase affords? With an ssh agent you can store the passphrase in the keychain you unlock when you log on, so you won't have to type it whenever you use it, unless you ssh into your own machine and try to use the key from the remote shell (which makes sense). Of course, in every security scenario the risks determine the level of security, but having a passphrase has no practical downsides. Exactly! Just use OpenPGP! Once you've set up OpenPGP for all developers and operators that deal with secrets and production databases, it is a piece of cake to simply click the 'encrypt' button in the e-mail client whenever you need to share production log files or other potentially sensitive information with colleagues. In an ideal world sensitive data never leaves the production environment or the machine of the developer or operator working on it, but sometimes things break down, and you need to share information to find out what went wrong, as soon as possible, with colleagues who are not necessarily physically nearby. It is best to have these tools set up and part of your work flow when you do need them. If you don't have your ATM-card, you can't withdraw money from your account. If you don't have your car keys, you can't use your car. This is completely desirable. Yubikeys are very durable and small; just put them on your (physical) key-chain. To prevent losing access when you lose your key, ensure you have a backup yubikey, or backup the keys stored on the yubikey so you can create a new one. If you use a solution where the secret cannot leave the key (such as Fido U2F keys) than register your backup key with all the services you use as well, or generate recovery codes for each service. Needless to say, these should be stored in a very secure place. A passphrase also protects against someone acquiring your private key by some other means. For example, if you accidentally copy the key file somewhere, or some tool (Dropbox, OwnCloud, any cloud syncing tool) syncs it to an unsecured or compromised location. The passphrase adds a knowledge factor to the key's security. I wish people would be more critical of these platforms, but the immediate benefits of instant gratification and communication seem to trump the more abstract notions of digital freedom and privacy. Look at how in some countries (e.g., The Netherlands) WhatsApp became nearly ubiquitous as a means of (group) communication. As someone critical of our digital freedom this bothers me. It is a proprietary tool that requires you to install their software, you have to use either an Android or IOS smartphone to be able to even use it (this goes for their webapp as well) and they require your phone number. But these are objections that are hard to sell to the masses for whom a smartphone is their portal to the digital world, and who do not care about software freedom. Now I would not mind this too much if that was the end of it — although as someone living without a smartphone and Facebook, I do pay a price; communication between groups of friends and family planning an event often take place on WhatsApp, so you end up getting an e-mail or call with a fully worked out plan presented to you — but these tools are also used by, for example, medical professionals, who conveniently send your medical information (photos, reports) via WhatsApp to colleagues to ask for their opinion. Never mind that it is illegal to export personal data of this nature to foreign servers under control of a corporation that has no contractual obligation to properly handle such data, not to mention that is quite undesirable. Fortunately the regulatory body in the Netherlands has condoned this practice, but it illustrates the dismal state of affairs. The regulatory body responsible for this field is already taking measures; fortunately! It does highlight how digital security and privacy are simply not considered by these professionals. True, it is available on all proprietary mobile operating systems, but you cannot use it on Windows, Mac OS X, or GNU/Linux without a smartphone registered with WhatsApp. This is by design as far as I can tell. Most people who have an OpenPGP key upload their public key to one of the on-line key-servers. These key-servers sync keys with each other, so you can find any published public key from any one of them. Try https://pgp.mit.edu/ for instance. Enigmail in Thunderbird offers a way to search these key-server from within the mail application, perhaps Mailvelope has this feature as well? The problem here is that there is no way for the average user to tell if the server itself is serving you client-side code that will actually encrypt your data before sending it to the server. The browser security model explicitly depends on trusting the remote server (whose identity you verified using TLS, and with whom you can communicate securily) with whatever data you enter client-side. With end-to-end encryption of e-mail, the server is not part of the immediate trust model; it is to act only as a transfer agent. This is why end-to-end e-mail encryption is easy with a dedicated mail user agent (MUA) such as Thunderbird with Enigmail, but awkward with webmail, where you need a third party browser plugin (such as Mailvelope) to provide the encryption step. > What's current best practice for people using gmail who want client side encryption? Use OpenPGP and access GMail through IMAP with a mail user agent (MUA) such as Thunderbird with Enigmail, or one of the other mail clients that support OpenPGP (either directly or by means of a plugin). By doing this you strictly separate mail transfer (which GMail does for you) and encryption (which you and the receiver perform locally with OpenPGP key-pairs). GMail sees only strongly encrypted data for which it has no keys. Interesting; I can see the video in The Netherlands. I wonder which specific regions they are blocking and why. It is fairly easy. I have a fairly dumb feature-phone I almost always leave at home unless I want to be reachable away from home. During work hours I work on a computer connected to the Internet, and can be reached quite reliably via e-mail, or via my employer's office phone. You do need a mobile phone these days because (in The Netherlands) the government requires SMS authentication for some services, but I don't feel the need to own and carry a smart phone with me all the time. It is nice to see all these WebRTC solutions appear. For teams wishing to do teleconferencing using any platform (mobile and desktop) this is good news. I wonder how long before a FOSS self-hosted solution is available? What I couldn't figure out from http://hubl.in though; how is Linagora going to cover the costs of (and presumably raise a profit from) this service? Is it a freemium model, or is the current phase simply intended to garner interest and gain a foothold in the market? PIA actually performs rather nice with bittorrent. It is slower than a bare connection from your ISP of course, but fast enough for most purposes. Yours seems like a valid use case, but the underlying issue appears not being able to trust and administer your own computing device. From what I can tell a local firewall is possible (with iptables), but you need to install a custom Android build and 'root' your phone. This thread highlights exactly why using Bitcoin for this purpose is tricky for outsiders. Buying a gift card with cash is a process I can understand, but with Bitcoin the amount of knowledge needed to get started safely and anonymously is quite large, and there seems to be a lot of conflicting information going about. > it's not about the average person, it's about someone with something to hide Keep in mind that the FBI would love it if everyone held that to be true. We all have something to hide, average person or not. No matter if you are a criminal, political activist, pervert, lawyer, priest, or just the baker down the street. Paraphrasing John Oliver: your banking statements, medical data, dick pics, private messages, dick pics, dick pics, and your secret diary are all things you most likely want to hide. ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsjZ2r9Ygzw ) The FBI would not mind a situation where only people with technological know-how use GnuPG, LUKS with dm-crypt, etc., and the rest whatever came with their smartphone. Most criminals are not particularly tech-savvy, so if that group loses access to strong encryption by default, they largely gain what they want. Of course there is no practical way to make the use of strong encryption by individual citizens around the globe illegal, and they know this. They may however succeed in outlawing strong disk encryption available by default on store-bought devices. So when a suspect uses an Android or IPhone, and the FBI has his or her device, they want to be able to access its contents without the suspect's consent. Ideally, they also want the most popular messaging platforms (like Facebook's WhatsApp) to have a backdoor available, in order for the vendor to be able to comply with warrants for such data. That is, I fear, the sad state of mobile operating systems. On the desktop you can choose from a bunch of GNU/Linux distributions that are generally considered quite secure and are under a lot of scrutiny — when Ubuntu introduced a search feature that sent search strings from their dash directly to Amazon to helpfully present purchasable media, this was strongly condemned and ultimately disabled by default. But on smartphones your choices are limited. There are a couple of alternatives, but losing access to either Google's or Apple's app-store appears to be an insurmountable obstacle for most smartphone owners. I am assuming (not judging though!) this is the case here too. On a technical level though, all IP traffic passes through iptables, even on Android. You are right that manually blocking all that stuff is impractical. Doing the filtering outside of the phone won't solve that dilemma though. The benefit of installable client software is that the encryption software and the relaying party (your e-mail provider) are completely unrelated and separate. So if I use GMail and encrypt my messages to Bob with GnuPG, than no matter what GMail does with the encrypted message, it either gets delivered securely (and is verifiable by Bob as having been written by me) or not. Any adversary would have to compromise the source of my operating system's GnuPG version (or Bob's), and have access to the messages themselves. The browser model explicitly trusts the remote server to provide whatever JavaScript code it sees fit, so if your e2e webmail provider is compromised, you get a backdoored crypto library that works as far as your browser and you can tell. It all comes down to trust of course, but the separation of concerns adds a very real layer of security, and I trust Debian and its maintainers (and the experts who scrutinize these things) more than a single commercial e-mail provider. If a browser provides an OpenPGP API, than how would I know whether or not a website uses it properly? What is to stop a compromised webmail provider from serving me a web page that claims to use this API to encrypt my message before sending it, but also simply sends the plain text message captured from the mail composition page along? You are typing your sensitive message right there in the browser, in the web page provided by them, with JavaScript provided by them, which can simply send whatever you type directly to their (compromised) server. This means OpenPGP in the browser is technically feasible, but very insecure because a third party can access the data before it is encrypted. To make a browser provided OpenPGP API work, it would have to provide the input area where you type your confidential message in a way that makes it clear it is the browser that provides it, and the web page JavaScript cannot access it before encryption. This is of course exactly what stand-alone e-mail clients do, so why implement it in the browser? Often it is even simpler than that. For encrypted e-mail using an e-mail client (such as Thunderbird with Enigmail) for addressees with known PGP-keys, hitting the 'encrypt' button and entering your passphrase is all that is needed once all is set up. Decrypting means you get prompted to enter your passphrase, and that's all there is to it. Even if a streaming service was guaranteed not to disappear after a couple of years, licensing agreements and conflicts mean that content can simply disappear from the service after a while. With the ever lowering price of storage, simply syncing my digitized music library to my computing devices offers the best experience. PDFBox does not seem to depend on anything but the JDK (1.6) and commons-logging, so it might work if you manage to find a working and matching version of commons-logging for GWT, and if PDFBox only uses the JDK parts supported by GWT. That is a pretty big if though. I doubt someone bothered to port this to GWT, but who knows, you may be in luck. If you are trying to generate PDFs in a web-application, I would delegate this task to the back-end. Nuance and variety. A (quality) newspaper has its own signature, and presents you with a variety of articles (including news, investigative journalism, and op/ed articles). Some of these will be very popular, some of these will only interest a subset of the readers. Sometimes an article about something completely unfamiliar to you will turn out quite interesting. That is the serendipitous effect you get with a newspaper — although you do apply some form of filter by choosing newspaper X over newspaper Y. If only economic concerns where a factor in determining what to write about, you would end up with a few insightful articles about widely appealing topics widely shared, but fewer high quality articles about niche topics. A newspaper for me is a convenient shorthand for “a group of journalists and columnists who write good quality articles”. I would hate to have to hunt down individual articles and authors! The risk of getting locked up in my own private filter bubble is way too high. I have a subscription to a newspaper I read daily, but sometimes I want to read an article from another (Dutch) newspaper. That is when Blendle is really useful (Blendle is a Dutch company, and all major Dutch newspapers make their articles available there). The situation may be bleaker in the US. I am not overly familiar with US newspapers. Blendle has no flat-rate, but if you buy several articles from a single issue of a publication, Blendle will simply give you access to the complete issue (e.g., today's New York Times) when the amount you paid for the separate articles exceeds the cost of the complete issue. In addition to the obligatory little Bobby Tables, this blog post describing the falsehoods programmers believe about names is informative and a must-read for anyone dealing with names in software: http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-b... Imagine the cowboy code responsible for such an abomination of a bug. The challenge here with authenticated end-to-end encryption, is that it depends on having the user's private key available. Whereas for HTTPS no secret knowledge factor belonging to the user is needed (unless you use client-side certificates). That simplifies matters quite a bit. Unfortunately, banks (at least in The Netherlands) seem to favour a different solution altogether, which is not to send e-mails at all, but expect you to log on frequently on their on-line banking environment to look in your banking 'inbox' there. Banks, insurance companies, pension funds, the revenue service, the local municipal government; they all expect you to frequently log on to their portals, and look at their digital correspondence addressed to you there. Some do send a notification e-mail stating that 'a message is waiting for you', but you never know if that message is actually important or merely trivial noise. They have declared e-mail dead. I abhor this situation, because with e-mail (and coincidentally, old-fashioned paper mail) all correspondence addressed to me comes to me in a single inbox, where I can archive and backup important stuff. I really wish I had the option to simply upload my GPG public key to these portals so that all these phony inboxes simply mailed me my correspondence encrypted! Oddly specific, but refreshing to see something like this without any third party code and ads. In fact, the source is delightfully minimal, clean, and human readable. Yes! Passwordstore is nothing more than a BASH script you can easily browse yourself to see what it does. Encryption is done by GnuPG, so if you already have a GPG-key, getting started is even easier. The command-line interface is very intuitive, and there are a couple of GUI front-ends as well if you want one. Also, passwordstore's database is nothing more than a directory structure containing GPG-encrypted text files. You can access these files without passwordstore as well, as long as you have your GPG private key. For distributing your password database to multiple machines, passwordstore integrates with git. Another option is the excellent syncthing ( https://syncthing.net/ ) which syncs chosen directories with trusted machines (verified using TLS) on the local network. Passwordstore stores secrets in a directory tree. A really nice feature of passwordstore is that you can have it encrypt secrets under specified directories for multiple GPG-keys. So what I do to share some passwords with my partner, is set up a certain directory in passwordstore's tree to encrypt for both our GPG-keys, and sync only that directory with her computer with syncthing. She has the same setup, but with the default for her passwordstore's database being her own GPG-key. So we both have our private passwords, and a shared set of passwords and other secrets that is synced whenever both our computers are on the same local network. Also, the security of passwordstore depends on how you handle your GPG-key, so if you use something like a Yubikey NEO to store your GPG-key on, you effectively have two-factor authentication, as mentioned in OP's question. Who pays for this service if it is free and shows no advertisements? That is actually quite an interesting service. If the price was a bit lower than the €5,99 a month listed now (say, €3,99 a month) I would consider simply getting a year-round subscription if the content is good. It would form a nice supplement to Netflix. It is a bit disappointing to read this in their FAQ though: IN HOW MANY COUNTRIES CAN I WATCH FILMS ON MUBI? You can stream and download movies in over 200 countries around the world. Every country has its own unique line-up, as the rights to show even a single film are often divided by different distributors and territories, making it very difficult to show the same movies in every country at once. This in turn allows us to tailor each country's selection for the local audience . This is of course unavoidable due to the global licensing mess for media with regional exclusive deals, but it is irksome nonetheless. I don't like this bit about tailoring the selection for my country though — with art-house films one of the most interesting things is discovering films made in countries that normally wouldn't reach you. The serendipity is what makes it appealing to browse art-house films. If a service 'tailors the selection' to my country, what does that even mean? Absolutely. Sturgeon seems like one of those writers you tend to discover by picking up a second hand paperback with his work on a whim. Second hand book stores and book fairs are great places to pick up some of his novels and short story collections on the cheap. Free software vector drawing application Inkscape supports these spiro curves in its UI. It is an option you can select for the curves and lines drawing tool. The requirement of a mobile phone number and either Android or IOS, or a linked instance of one of those seems even more restrictive for a tool that claims to be all about privacy. The way governments are rapidly closing up methods to register a mobile phone number without ID are disconcerting, although predictable due to the common use of burner phones as communication device of choice for nefarious purposes. Reading that, and the blog post linked to by sigmar, his stance comes across as rather belligerent; perhaps even childish. I would expect that if you wanted to communicate with someone who is privacy-conscious, and provides a public e-mail address linked to a GPG-identity, encrypting and signing your message to him or her is only civil and is to be expected. I understand Moxie's criticism of existing crypto-tools, GnuPG in particular, and he makes some valid points, but dismissing anyone who mails you and uses GPG (because you have published your GPG public key) as nutjobs seems overly antagonistic. That to me seems at odds with the greater goal of facilitating easily attainable privacy and digital freedom for all. I do understand this choice when judging Signal purely as a replacement for WhatsApp etc., but even then I wouldn't design a protocol based on the requirement of a mobile phone number and one of the two dominant mobile operating systems (and thus a smartphone). Yes, in Inkscape the SVG backing what you see in the UI uses Bézier curves. A curving line drawn in Inkscape is an SVG path: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Pa... In Inkscape you can open the XML Editor (from the Edit menu) and see how the object you've drawn is represented in SVG. A simple path with one Bézier curve may look like this: d: m 10,20 c 5,-5 15,10 20,5 Having an alternative to the might of Google is something I value greatly. I am glad DuckDuckGo is getting more popular. I have noticed that Google has gotten more and more localized in the search results returned, whereas DuckDuckGo doesn't care where I live or who I am; I prefer the latter. On a modern computer with SSD drive the iteration time is actually negligible for a not too complex stylesheet; auto-reloading might even be faster than manually refreshing your browser without a build chain. I just visit the website of the local cinema, but I see your point. I wouldn't mind actively opting for some sort of local search whenever localized information is exactly what I want, but with Google I seem to have no choice in the matter. That is the only correct answer. .+@.+ In human language: an email address consists of something, an @, and something. That's it. The name part can be anything; so don't validate it beyond having a character. We don't have one-character domains yet, but there is no reason to exclude them. It is already possible to arrange your own top-level domain if your pockets are deep enough ( .google ), so don't be surprised if some megacorp starts using a top-level domain without any subdomains. Don't validate the domain part beyond having a character. It is 2016. We should know better by now than to clip passwords at all . Sure, place a limit of 512 characters on it to prevent abuse, and for security reasons there can be a number of minimal requirements for length and complexity, but please let me be the one to decide if 32 characters is sensible or not. kindlysodoff@mailinator.com is nice, and actually works for that one activation link you have to click. Yeah, the point of checking for the @ is chiefly to prevent inexperienced users (e.g., elderly) from entering the wrong type of data. For example, enter a line from their postal address instead of their email address. You can't use Signal without a smartphone running Android or IOS. Even the webapp requires a linked smartphone; a phone number is a hard requirement of Signal. Good solid set of tips. One thing I would like to see a summary of is the use of secure USB-keys to keep your private key off your computing device using the smart-card functionality in GnuPG [0]. It seems that this is possible with devices such as Yubico's Yubikey Neo [1]. Having your GPG private key with you as a physical 'key' — with all private operations performed via the USB-key — seems like a great way to increase security and prevent loss of your private key. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenPGP_card [1]: https://developers.yubico.com/PGP/Importing_keys.html Nice set up. It's all about proportionality. If your GPG-key (and SSH-key) grants you access to servers containing sensitive data placed there in good faith (think medical records), then having your private keys stored somewhere they can't be copied from without physically obtaining (and destroying) the keys is totally justified. And if you are doing it because, well, you can, then you are helping in making this knowledge available to the wider community. Doesn't the bank have a web-application with feature parity with their Android and IOS apps? I would expect to be able to do the same things with on-line banking, regardless of the operating system I run or device I use (provided I have a modern web browser). This is actually something that is attempted every now and then; architects claiming that they own the (commercial) visual rights to something that exists in public space. In 2004 the architect of a bridge in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, tried to claim that photographs and reproductions of 'his' bridge were unlawful, and that a fee would have to paid for any sold reproduction of that bridge (such as a postcard). Luckily this was prevented by an EU directive that states clearly that any art or architecture located in a public area may be photographed, provided that it is reproduced as-is. I wonder if this EU directive is applicable to this situation in Sweden? Nominally, OOXML is an open format. But in practice it is littered with legacy Microsoft Office stuff only Word can do right and weird hacks. LibreOffice/OpenOffice do a good job in implementing OOXML, but despite these efforts .docx documents often have lots of little issues when opened outside of Microsoft Office. Compare the OOXML standard's 6000 pages to ODF's 600. I have worked with both for the purpose of generating documents from scratch, and OOXML is a monster. Not to mention the ballot-stuffing that occurred to get OOXML accepted as an ISO-standard… https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standardization_of_Office_Open... This is one of those curious cultural things that are well-accepted in a handful of countries and seem completely loony to the rest of the world. America has its engagement ring culture I guess. The phrasing of the article title says a lot. I spent €100 on a lovely antique necklace for my fiancée, knowing full-well that she would call me crazy and feel unpleasantly embarrassed if I spent more on it. Meanwhile you come across stories of American men spending several monthly salaries on diamond engagement rings simply because they are expected to. Fascinating how such a custom has such strong inertia, despite all the critical voices denouncing it — not in the least because of the harmful way diamonds are mined. Refreshingly, the geekier types seem to lean towards all sorts of creative alternatives, such as lab-grown diamonds, alternative unencumbered gem stones, and the coolest space-age metals. From what I can tell without any legal expertise, the EU Copyright Directive provides a way for countries to make certain exceptions (article 5(3)), which literally includes the case of architecture and sculptures in a public setting. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyright_Directive So whereas the Netherlands sensibly chose to enact this exception, other countries selectively allowed certain situations, such as the lights of the Eiffel Tower and possibly Belgium's Atomium landmark. This blog post (in Dutch) contains a good summary of the Dutch bridge case: http://www.nandoonline.com/?p=4543 Are people really bothered by this? Matroska is hardly new and is well-supported in modern media players. It is also free open-source software, and technologically equivalent or even superior to MP4. MP4 on the other hand is patent-encumbered, and supports DRM — not things people who take a radically different stance on intellectual property tend to appreciate. But all that has nothing to do with the actual encoding of video. Matroska is a container format, so if you have an MP4 and a MKV video file encoded with the same audio and video codecs, you get the same quality. From what I understand from Matroska, it has better support and flexibility for including additional resources such as subtitles. So what kind of ancient media player are people using that makes this switch relevant to them at all? That is probably one of the driving forces behind this and similar technologies (NFC and Bluetooth LTE integration with the browser). All technologies supported by 2FA standard Fido U2F incidentally. So yeah, I understand why adding this to a web browser seems unwanted, but as long as the API is well-defined and built with security as its first and primary concern, this could actually improve the overall security of on-line services significantly by making two-factor authentication something your browser just does, and does right. I can recommend skimming the Fido U2F spec [1] to anyone with doubts about the applicability and necessity of this standard. The linked article basically starts with a section on privacy and security concerns though, so that is somewhat reassuring. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ (look for U2F in particular) Already possible in Chrome, and soon in Firefox, with Edge having announced eventual support; have a look at Fido U2F [1]. Yubico sells U2F tokens that can be used to authenticate with GMail, Dropbox, and GitHub in your browser; today. I just hope that these standards become implemented soon enough for governments to choose them over home brewed or proprietary solutions. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ This is probably what I find most worrying about the TOR concept. By running an exit node, you open yourself up to all sorts of legal actions. But if you can't run a TOR exit node as an average citizen, won't all exit nodes end up being run by NSA, GCHQ, and their ilk? To be fair, getting of Twitter because you find the interaction became toxic is in line with what he is propagating. If you are a staunch believer in the concept of safe-spaces and trigger-free environments, you would stay on Twitter and expect everyone to adhere to those principles. But the world doesn't work like that, and people become complete and utter twats behind the veil of anonymity afforded by the internet. If you don't like the way rude people act, and you can't reason with them or have a meaningful dialogue, you can simply ignore them. If a communication tool turns from a cheerful digital village square into a seedy back-alley, getting out of there is sensible. That seems to me opposite of insisting that people accommodate you at all costs, which is what he is criticizing. They know you use an ad-blocker and that you want to block ads, they don't know why, but they'll make an assumption. It is a fair guess that you use an ad-blocker because you don't want to see any ads; whether that is for privacy reasons, bandwidth, or because you dislike ads is not really relevant to them. In fact, most people who block ads probably do so for a combination of those reasons, and I am willing to bet that most users of ad-blockers simply don't want to see ads on every page they visit. So their assumption is not that unreasonable. If you want websites to know exactly why you use an ad-blocker, just mail them and tell them. The answer you'll receive (if any) will probably tell you that they depend on ad income to provide a free service, that they need ad delivery networks to act as brokers for their advertising space (and thus can't host their own ads), and that you are welcome to purchase a premium subscription if you want to use their service without ads. Glad you like it, but I actually stopped reading the article due to the atrocious typography and gimmicks. Those shadows behind the asides that move as you move your mouse are extremely distracting, and they overlap with the body text. For the body font they depend on users having Helvetica or Arial installed to render (neither of which I have) instead of using @font-face, so the text looks out of place. Also, none of the background images loaded for me until I tried with a browser without ad-blocker and third-party tracking protection. Please define online services . Renting a VPS has a fixed cost associated with it regardless of your location, so the hosting provider can't do much to differentiate prices based on the customer's location. You are probably referring to digital products that have an initial development cost, but no or negligible transport and manufacturing costs. Buying a digital game on Steam is a good example of this (this goes for films, ebooks, and music as well). Game prices on Steam can be based on the GDP of your country, because if they used the same prices as in Western Europe or the US everywhere, a lot of people would not be able to afford the games. For a game developer on Steam a lost sale means less profit, whereas a sale, any sale , means profit — even if the price was heavily discounted — at no, or almost no, additional cost for the service rendered. Not everyone does this though, because that is how a free economy works. If a game studio thinks they can sell more games in Turkey by lowering prices there, they will probably do it. On the other hand, if someone is selling an ebook that no one else sells, and they know that you are willing to pay the full price even though it costs you more (relatively speaking), then why would they lower the price? They are a business, not a philanthropy. Not exactly a shining example of proper authentication. I don't particularly like being forced to use a mobile phone for government authentication (because of the text message token requirement). It would be nice if we could get some decent two-factor authentication in the next iteration. I hope Idensys (DigiD's successor) will get the hardware factor right, and provide a truly cross-platform solution that does not involve mobile phone numbers. Because alternative mobile operating systems cannot compete in the same consumer space due to the duopoly of walled gardens where people expect all popular apps to be available (although I do believe that there is a niche market for a free software smartphone amongst developers). If you treat a smartphone as a normal computer, you would expect to be able to use a service such as Uber by means of a modern web browser providing a sandbox for their web application, like you do on Linux, Mac OS X, or Windows. Installing someone's stand-alone software only to access an on-line service would probably seem invasive and absurd. Broadly speaking, on a smartphone people probably accept this because of the trade-off. Apple and Google keep your mobile computer stable, fast, and free from viruses and malware by managing your operating system and vetting the software you can install through their app-stores. For a lot of people this trade-off seems preferable to an alternative. Not sure why you are getting downvoted for voicing a valid concern. Pastafarianism is a great non-violent method of highlighting the privileged position of organised religions worldwide. When a nation decides that church and state should be separate, and no religion is promoted over any other, you usually end up with a handful of religions with privileges (e.g., tax exemption, access to civilian private records, etc.) that no other organisation can attain. When another religion gains popularity, they too claim these privileges (which is only just, as there is no state sanctioned religion). This creates a neat conundrum for the lawmaker; what is a religion? When is an organisation a church? Can you legally define what a religion is? Why is the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster obviously satire, and Catholicism a proper religion? What about Scientology? Is it about the number of adherents? Something tangible? A short-list of pre-approved religions? Pre-approved by whom? On what legal basis? If you follow this line of reasoning to the extreme, you must conclude that a satirical organised religion is just as much a real religion as any other. Which is fine, but it implies that have to provide the same (legacy) privileges to all, or accept not being a secular state (and rewrite your constitution as a consequence). Pastafarianism is all about proving this inherent silliness afforded to established religions. All the way! That is the point; religion is a personal matter in secular states. Treating them as anything more than normal organisations is not tenable in the long (long) term, because you cannot legally limit religion to just those you deem pious enough — well, you can, but then you are not a secular state, and in a lot of countries unconstitutional. If governments are eventually forced to abandon the special privileges afforded by law to religions because of satirical mock-religions, then I think the country as a whole benefits. The question pastafarianism poses though, is how can you differentiate between satire and 'the real thing'? What if pastafarians claim that, yes, it started out as a joke, but now we really believe in His Noodly Appendage? As a normal citizen it isn't hard to conclude that 'obviously', this is satire, but law must not be based on what we feel is satire or religion, it has to be objective. Not too strange though, several countries do this, although usually mixed with the Gregorian calendar. Japan uses both the Gregorian calendar and its own calendar where years are counted from the start of the reign of the reigning emperor. This year 2016 is Heisei 28; the year 1980 was Shōwa 55. This system is often used on formal documents and one's date of birth. Accessibility for non-technical users, and formatting. In MatterMost (a very nice self-hosted Slack alternative) the integrated MarkDown-support means that sharing code and more extensive reports can be done with a helpful amount of formatting. I much rather read the ten lines of code a colleague is asking me about with code highlighting than without, and a summary of a colleague's visit to a customer reads a lot more pleasant with headings than without. Also, emoji. Not something most of us on HN would miss, but a lot of the non-technical users seem to appreciate being able to nuance messages with them. Logan’s Run, Zardoz, Soylent Green, Fahrenheit 451 Lovely films. Something about the pacing or the cinematography of the films from that era appeals to me. Ah… Zardoz… Nothing beats Sean Connery running around in weird sci-fi shorts. Also, Beethoven. In terms of cross-platform development I understand wanting to use browser technologies, but these off-line web-applications always feel so flaky and unintegrated. The Atom editor for example still can't switch languages for the spell-checker at runtime, even though browsers themselves can. > I don't have any recommendations for Linux, unfortunately. Vim works just fine for MarkDown, Gedit is not too bad either. The whole point of MarkDown is being readable both as text in an editor and formatted by a renderer. Casual visitors not interested in actually joining a website (at that moment) can be of value if you don't actively antagonise them. Saying that you need an account to view the content when someone follows a hyperlink posted somewhere to a Pinterest board means that you will turn away a decent percentage of those visitors with a sour taste about your service and brand. Sure, there is the old adage that there is no such thing as bad attention (any attention, good or bad, builds your 'brand'), but I'm not convinced this works in this case. To illustrate; literally the first thing that popped in my mind when seeing this topic in the list was “Ah, that silly imageboard you can't view without signing up.” Open access is being increasingly thought of as inevitable and the only ethical option for publishing academic research. What I believe we will end up with eventually is a situation where nearly all new publications are open access, and a good deal of older twentieth century (and earlier) research is publicly available as well due to ongoing digitalisation and expired copyrights. In between, there will be a significant body of research kept locked away behind paywalls by publishers trying to hold on to those cash cows and the inertia copyright on a work has once granted. At the same time, 'piracy' on a massive scale (like Sci-Hub) will only get easier due to technological advances and increasing amounts of bandwidth available to consumers worldwide. Combine that with an utter lack of sympathy for (academic) paywalls and publishers, and a widespread believe that sharing these works is ethically just, and you have a situation that simply cannot be contained. I expect that in twenty years time you will be able to download almost the complete library of published academic works from the twentieth and twenty first centuries in the time it takes to make a pot of coffee — legally or illegally. So publishers will have to learn to deal with this new reality and reinvent themselves in an open access world, or perish. Assumption two seems dubious, because universities in the rest of the world pay for the same subscriptions, but don't pass these costs on to their students. It may be true for the US though. > […] recommendations for someone who is intelligent and thinks a lot, but has done almost no reading before (excluding school readings etc.) and wants catch up with the rest of humanity in terms of literature. You are undoubtedly aware of books that are relevant to and liked by people in the STEM field; your list already shows this quite clearly. So I would say that you do not need any recommendations for books that would appeal specifically to your peers. On the contrary; while your list is not too bad (but very US-centric; e.g., Carnegie), it is the type of list you would hand an undergraduate to prepare for his studies . That is a noble goal in itself, but has nothing to do with catching up with the rest of humanity in terms of literature . My advice: go look for literature in the broadest sense, but cut down on the self-help and non-fiction. Find out about the classics you've missed out on or couldn't appreciate in high school, and ask people in person about their recommendations. Have you considered asking a librarian at your local library? Also, in terms of inspiration and at the risk of devolving into a list of generic favourites, you could do worse than taking this list as a starting point: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/4chanlit/images/e/e2/136... Source: http://4chanlit.wikia.com/wiki/Recommended_Reading/sub . Ignore the fact that this list was compiled on 4chan, the books listed are all quite good. A valid concern for a password manager. This is why I like PasswordStore a lot better for managing passwords and other sensitive information. It is a Bash script that only depends on a very select list of binaries (gpg, git, and tree, if I recall correctly). It is also a script simple enough I can even audit it myself: https://www.passwordstore.org/ For syncing, either use git, or something like syncthing. It doesn't really matter, because all synced files are encrypted by GnuPG before any syncing tools gets access to it. Yep, this is my bête noire too. It gets even worse. I am working on software that confirms to guidelines set by the Dutch government for handling healthcare data. These Dutch national standards were actually (and justly!) made free instead of available at a fee because they became requirements instead of just guidelines. But these standards are (naturally) based on international standards. This is fine for the RFC's that are freely available, but for the three (!) relevant Dutch standards (NEN 7510, 7512, 7513) you would need access to another forty-ish (!!) ISO standards that may, or may not, be relevant to the section you are dealing with. Of course even a single PDF for these healthcare ISO standards costs up to €100, to be paid in Swiss Francs… This looks like a trend for certain types of services that focus on users active predominantly on a tablet and/or smartphone. I am assuming that these services usually turn a profit via monetisation of advertising 'eyeballs' or user data acquisition and sales, and that losing a small percentage of users who want to use their service with a browser are less profitable. WhatsApp seems similar in that regard. I am not particularly interested in these apps, but I am starting to see a disturbing pattern where parts of the internet are being segregated by operating system and the willingness to install and run software (apps) instead of accessing on-line services with a web browser or via open protocols (e.g., IMAP or XMPP). I wouldn't mind too much if the website styling didn't break zooming in the browser. The paragraph width is fixed as a percentage of the viewport, which means zooming in only makes the font bigger, keeping the same narrow column for its contents. On the whole the HTML and CSS on that blog are a mess though. Firefox's Reader View helps here by bypassing the author's styling completely. Huge international US-based companies tend to comply with EU laws just fine (or at least participate in the judicial process) if they are doing business there. Whatsapp can choose to assign resources to this issue, or it can ignore it and let it solve itself. If Whatsapp thinks that Brazil is an interesting market for whatever it is selling (what are they selling?) or if it is good for PR then they may choose to seek ways to intervene. Additionally, you can't even use WhatsApp without a mobile phone number, and effectively you need a smartphone with a supported mobile operating system of their choosing. That's pretty closed. 'Third world country' is an ambiguous term and a bit of a misnomer, because it originally meant 'a country aligned with neither West or East' (during the Cold War). Its use has become conflated with that of 'developing country', because the two meanings overlapped in practice. It is also considered derogatory due to its ambiguity and general connotation of colonial superiority. It helps to be aware of those connotations if you choose to use a term like that (which can be a conscious choice to express your position). Although I agree that comparing it with racial slurs like 'nigger' is not really appropriate, there is some similarity in that these are words that are slowly moving out of the modern vocabulary appropriate for civilised discourse. Just use 'developing country'. I suspect that most (neoliberalist) governments do not feel that it is their job if the market is handling it. Also, people seem to trust megacorporations like Facebook more than their own government for private communication, although I am profoundly troubled by this naive majority view on privacy — I'd rather have my communications end-to-end encrypted without some huge corporation or any government harvesting my (meta)data; it's just too easy to abuse. True, but emotion can be expressed in a civil manner, which in my opinion is more effective as well. A lot of people simply stop reading when confronted by rudeness or profanity and just downvote and move on, because experience has proven that such comments usuaully lack proper arguments. Use civil language to prevent being classified as noise. Complexity in CSS itself does not significantly increase the attack surface if the complexity is contained to rendering and layout. There are potential privacy issues in CSS (such as the loading of assets from external URLs, e.g., fonts with @font-face), and I expect there are extensions that block any attempt to perform HTTP requests from CSS to prevent browser fingerprinting. But JavaScript can do a lot more, even if you disallow it to make HTTP requests; it has access to all of the modern APIs included in the browser. CSS on the other hand is still mostly a declarative language that does not allow for much dynamic cleverness. Nice. A good reminder that you don't always need dozens of nested divs to get some effect in HTML. Not that anyone should start rendering flags as single-div tags in their production code (just use SVG!), but it helps to illustrate the possibilities of CSS, and the ::before and ::after pseudo elements. I find that we developers are so used to pandering to the lowest common denominator of supported browsers (a holdover from the IE6 days I suppose?), that we forget that there is a lot of really cool CSS we can use in all sensible modern browsers today. Wouldn't this be a reason to promote the use of (trusted) web browsers and web applications instead of native apps or third party API's for high security scenarios? While TLS verification is something that is not flawless, it is something that users are being constantly reminded of by their banks and governments (check the domain name, check the green lock next to it), and modern web browsers go to great lengths to improve the user experience for keeping an eye on the validity of a website. When I pay for something at a webshop via my bank account using a common standard created for that purpose (IDEAL in the Netherlands, other countries have similar systems) I get forwarded to my bank's authentication service to authorize that payment. I can clearly see that the TLS certificate belongs to my bank, and my browser is content that it is valid. https://teller.io seems fine though. Still sloppy. As a developer currently working with OpenID Connect (OIDC) and JSON Web Token (JWT), using curl is indeed not a problem at all: curl -i ... // Perform authentication to obtain JWT export JWT="eY..." // Place JWT in a shell variable curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer $JWT" ... // Call your API That's all there is to it. A lot of banks do use proper hardware tokens (TOTP and similar) for all transactions though. I am under the impression that we are now in a phase where security needs to be stepped up, but in the mean time tokens send via SMS are considered 'good enough'. There are lots of initiatives for the next step, each providing proper two-factor authentication, but a lot of services are waiting it out because the hardware tokens or smartcards you need for each user cost money, and if you adopt one of the current solutions such as TOTP tokens, users would need such a device for each service they use (again, for banks this is already accepted; at least in the Netherlands). Ideally, a standard such as FIDO U2F gains ground, so users can safely and conveniently reuse a single hardware token for any service supporting that standard. Who knows, perhaps having your 'internet key' on you can become as commonly accepted as having your house keys on you. Also, relying on SMS means all these services have a single unique number to identify you with across services. I dislike the privacy implications this entails, and prefer to keep (some of) my on-line identities neatly quarantined the rest. FIDO U2F addresses this problem; even if you use the same hardware key for every service you use, they cannot be linked. > This is shit developer experience. Why bother with a Rube Goldberg sequence of piped commands when you can just curl? If you are a developer tasked with working with web security related techniques, I would expect being able to use Bash, Curl, and anything needed to string together a couple of HTTP requests on the command line before your first cup of coffee of the day to be the least requirement of their skill set. That is to be expected at this time though, and for a service like Github letting the user choose their level of authentication strength is fine — you are mostly responsible for what data you store there yourself. In the mean time it will help the adoption of this standard to at least have the option available. If a service is actually guarding private data by definition (like a bank or an insurance agency) than phasing out SMS in favour of FIDO U2F or another true hardware factor is a much more likely scenario. A decade ago that would be a valid argument, and processing Unicode text still isn't trivial, but nowadays Unicode support (UTF-8 in particular) is so well embedded in all operating systems and programming languages that this is not the problem. And on most operating systems the problem simply doesn't exist for most people because Unicode is the default. The problem here is Microsoft clinging to legacy character encodings that have no place on a modern operating system as default for anything. > Tell me, can you copy/paste the "𖥶" character with the mouse after double-clicking it in your browser? No problem (Linux/Firefox). The Unicode standard is not static (unlike those old codepages mentioned by OP); it is being changed and improved continuously. Support for characters outside of the BMP (such as the one you mention) is mostly there, but it may not be at the level of the basic scripts supported by, say, Unicode 5.0. That is fine. New features in standards take time to implement (the same thing happens with HTML and CSS). For developers Unicode support is there. Has been for years. From a technical because-we-can standpoint this is really cool, but I am having a hard time imagining actual use cases that warrant running a JVM in the browser. For modern web applications it is too slow (judging from your paper), so perhaps abandoned legacy applications? Have you encountered any practical use cases? > It's the leading country in phone taps That is worrying, but unfortunately not distinctive compared to other countries. > and has program that gives the police unlimited rights to harass individuals if the mayor of a city says so. That is from 2006. Is that still an issue? "You guys can probably handle this without me. Do you need for me anything else?" Or, if that is not acceptable due to workplace hierarchy, talk to your manager and explain the problem. If being present is a political necessity, chances are so is not secluding yourself behind a screen. Sorry, what was that? I just had to reply to this text message on my phone just now. Mayors are not elected officials in the Netherlands (let's hope it stays that way). The most useful piece of metadata available to anyone harvesting user profiles for surveillance or profit. Governments must love phone numbers. Getting an anonymous phone number for each separate service you register with is practically infeasible. I worry about how influential people like Moxie Marlinspike are seemingly turning the modern 'mobile-first' development paradigm into a 'mobile-only' mindset. I don't believe in secure and private computing when you are making it very hard for people to use your tools on (or via) anything but the two dominant mobile operating systems. > There's likely no technical reason why you couldn't use a pc instead of a phone […] Any personal computer built in the last five years can do anything a smartphone or tablet can in terms of processing power and connectivity. A smartphone is a computer with hardware that enables it to use cell phone networks and make calls. My inner cynic strongly suspects that Facebook and other similar corporations really like the control they have on the overall user experience on the two major mobile operating systems; i.e., eyeballs on a smartphone or tablet are worth more than those on a general purpose computing device . Too much freedom on a personal computer; with browsers that feature all kind of privacy enhancing add-ons such as ad-blockers and tracker-blockers. Much harder to monetize. Vastly preferable of course, but that is not in the best interest of Facebook, so why would they? The goodwill (marketing) generated by doing so has to outweigh the loss of control (and income). It appears it doesn't, or they would have done it. The only other reason to adapt open standards and an open protocol would be government pressure and legislation in the US or the EU. Not from the open web, but excluded from participating in parts of the web economy and content. I am under the impression that the big content owners have renewed faith in winning the battles on the two fronts that matter to them: enforcing end-to-end controlled digital channels, from service to the consumer's own computer (DRM), and preventing the alternative of piracy. They have learned that piracy cannot effectively be prevented by technical means, but that no longer matters if you can scare the vast majority of consumers with lawsuits and out of court settlements. This is now happening in a lot of economically strong countries. Chrome, for better or for worse, has the largest market share, by a fair margin. IE11+/Edge, Safari, and Firefox each have a good share, but none are dominant. IE10 and lower are down to 1-2% (!).¹ [1]: http://caniuse.com Please elaborate if you suspect ulterior motives. Strange. Yubico's dainnilsson is usually quite forthcoming with responses to questions, but his final response in that GitHub thread worries me (he seems harrowed). I am genuinely curious what reason there could be not to open-source the code. I am not expecting any trade secrets in there; any competitor's biggest challenge by far is getting the hardware right and getting an assembly line going. On the other hand, keeping the code closed does garner a lot of distrust.