Why not just do it. You could set up a Telescope instance, in an instant! I have not been able to find an English translation. Google Translate does a great job at this text and I think its worth the work for people interested in early global networked messaging and computing with Mainframes, Unix, pre-TCPIP, post-TCPIP etc... After googling after some exotic hardware mentioned in the text, I found a translated section from this text in "History of Nordic Computing" [0]. I am helping my girlfriend with an internal project in SAS, and I found this text when I was searching for documentation on an ancient Mainframe "QQLIF file" which is still in use today! This text does indeed contain a description of it: "All messages in and out of systems were logged on logtapes, so we started using them to extract traffic in the network. IBM mainframe computer was we used for our data processing and SAS (Statistical Analysis System) was the "language" we programmed in. At an earlier point, we had been losing track over which terminals we had and where they stood. Therefore, we had already built up a widely used file called QQLIF and contained a variety of information about each terminal. It was both a real time online "direct access" file at Unisys, and a batch copy on IBM. Mainframes known terminal's trust, and by means of QQLIF file could be translated into PLID. Because of strict PLID'ens building could we add line drop, controls, and terminal for individual messages." [0] https://books.google.dk/books?id=c7MlCQAAQBAJ&pg=PA276&lpg=P... I am afraid you have to translate the section you wish to read by copying and pasting into Google Translate. A minor hassle imo. Thanks. That made me feel a whole lot better about sucking at this. :-) As a candidate, this is the best interview guide I've read. I'm an MBA type with a lot of compsci background, and I get this bullshit all the time. These advice were poignant and to the point of actually suggesting to me how to think and how to answer those incredibly silly questions. That's what it's like over at the Corporate Overlords in Scandinavia at least. Congrats to the team. Met you at Assembly. Nothing wrong with stealth mode. Yet there are still brilliant writers out there. Although I am unsure of where all of this narrative comes from, it's so good it nearly brought a tear to my eye: Nuclear Fruits https://youtube.com/watch?v=15dxuAbTC0A&itct=CBQQpDAYBSITCJS... Origins of open worlds: https://youtube.com/watch?v=EdV_2svrDVc&itct=CB0QpDAYAiITCK_... I highly recommend watching all his feature videos. Yay. The GPL aside. Being accepted in the kernel would mean the immense rate how development which happens there. I liked the cheery tone of this piece! It came without the unnecessary editorializing and fluff found in typical review articles. +1 to Networkworld.com Sir, I believe you should then move to Iceland. The question is, did he really write the first version of Kazaa? They have most definitely not. There's just a higher signal to noise ratio. You have * Fargo * Boardwalk Empire * Mr Robot * Suits * True Detective These are stellar shows with high production qualities. There's generally no ads on web streaming during the show. Hey. They're the only ones who can dish out k-lines! Yeah. It's really friggin good. I highly recommend it. And I'm an entrenched libre open source kinda character. I recommend reading PACT PRESS' books about Business Intelligence on the Microsoft SQL Server stack. It brings it all together in a fantastic way, example driven. Yeah all that database skin stuff... It's essentially derogatory or veiled complaints about simplicity right? It's not really how it works. You need to actually write them, not post something here. Aaaaah. Ye olde BAIT AND SWITCH Damn, I was starting to like Onedrive. Some of the translations are surely made by a Norwegian. Those are not corn, but wheat bushels. In Norwegian wheat is "korn", and corn is "mais". Hmmm. The plot thickens! That is highly variable on the strain of the plant smoked. Mainly two categories exist[0]. Sativa is a cerebal head high, kinda energetic, clear thinking creative high its like floating opposed to indica which is like sinking. Indica is a body high, sorta narcotic feeling, you can actually feel the tingling in your body, your limbs, it's really heavy couch lock and such. There are also hybrids which have both in 1 plant. Go exploring at Leafly [1]. [0] https://www.leafly.com/news/cannabis-101/sativa-indica-and-h... [1] https://www.leafly.com/explore Bullshit article Why are they not offering 8GB drives. It's late 2015. I recommend Jed's editor for a very friendly editor as well. I'm a console-menu guy and like the EDIT.COM feel :) Plus it's got some Emacs (s-lang) to it although I never use it. Also, you can't argue with 8bit clean. It's in the repos. Homepage: http://www.jedsoft.org/jed/features.html On a sidenote. I am addicted to Jedsoft's console pager "most". Also in the repos. With colour, search and really the whole nine yards. It's the most. So much more than more and even more than less!. Pipe to |most and see for yourself! Slightly trimmed version. You have a clone of it bundled with Midnight Commander. "mcedit" What else has he been involved in? Drupal 6 was an exciting time for them. I wonder if they manage to rewrite all those plugins for the Drupal 8 release. I certainly hope so. It's been in the making a long long time. I guess I will have to give this a spin. Try Krita, friend Am I the only one to have noticed? PERL is a shuffling of REPL Not pedantic enough. You didn't comment on Perl being a backronym for REPL! I can't find anything out there about this either. It must therefore only be me :). >Welcome to the Perl subculture! I was at the time also in the Slackware subculture, Church of the subgenious. It got very foobar. Tried learning Perl since highschool, it was too much of a mindF* for me to get going with. chomp? regex! Phew. Maybe with Perl6, it's time. Discourse NodeBB and Vanilla comes to mind That is not a reliable work tool It does not support passive mode No queue No SFTP No FXP I think you did a very good job at dissecting this attack. Kudos Pardon my ignorance. But at a funding level of USD680M, isn't it more prudent to do an IPO? I have been using Subsonic.org on my servers since 2009. It has and still is serving me very well. Hillarious +1 I highly recommend the book as well. I consumed it by audiobook while driving. A great experience. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuU_ure7tF4 "The computer, it contained worlds." Which is incidentally the exact same thing I have been saying to people when asked why I was so into computers as a kid. Yes, I applied some of these in my bash program. Besides dude. Referring to poor countries as belonging to the third world implies that a second world exist. The second world collapsed with the Soviet Union and does not exist any longer. The preferred nomenclature is developing countries. Although you're not wrong. Excel is the killer app. Word is ALSO the killer app for heavy lifting writing papers etc. It's the program I suffered the least in during my uni years, and I tried them ___ALL___. As an investment analyst for VC, I also need to make A LOT of powerpoint presentations. Not a lot of slides, but I need to convey complex points in a short amount of slides. This makes me push Powerpoint to its limits and it also comes with no REAL competition elsewhere, I've tried __every alternative__. Nothing comes close to the robustness of MS Office, unfortunately. I would be happy to deep dive on this one, as I several of my 1000-level poltical science courses covered what we think of and how we classify and rank countries. The most basic thought is to begin at the lowest common denominator. What is it that all countries will agree to when placed into comparison. That is the United Nations Human Development Index (HDI). It contains Life expectancy at birth. Education index: Mean years of schooling and Expected years of schooling. A decent standard of living: GNI per capita (PPP US$). Now from here you could rank GROSS DOMESTIC HAPPINESS, but that is a garbage index if you ask me as a political scientist and a champion of the free world. The top grossing country on that list is a country that imprisons and tortures. But I gather it makes sense to triangulate the facts from the CIA World Factbook, Heritage Foundation Freedom Index which covers press freedom and the extent of freedom of speech, and a sprinkle of transparency thus the Corruptions Perception Index from Transparency International. Now whether you're east thinking or west thinking you might also want to include another sprinkle of Amnesty International and quantify or qualitatively add its reportings to the mix. What you will find that the initial HDI gives a pretty darn clear and precise estimate of where you would want to live and where in the world could be deemed as "developing" as in not yet reached the top-end of the list. This is a scientific endavour, and it is not meant to hurt anybody's feelings. Also: You can downvote me or upvote me as much as you want. This is how the real world approached this problem. It sure is good :). There is a beautiful world out there. Go explore. As you know. You had it all - Norway amicable nipletwist Great thread. A childhood friend of mine(32) from elementary school, has a mild autism and does not know how to deal with his life. We used to be mad doom fans (well, we still are) when it came out and it stuck with us for years. But the poor guy is living with his family, sitting up until 4AM making Doom levels. At this stage he is one of the leading "levellers" at Doomworld[0]. "STILL MAKING LEVELS IN 2015" is a thing which is kind of funny, but it is actually sad. He's wasted so much of his young years thinking about Doom, making levels etc. I wish he'd just snap out of it, but it seems it will not happen. That is how the story goes I guess, with the kids you grow up with. Not all of them have the interpersonal and mental means to pick a chose a good path for themselves. [0] http://doomworld.com Learn X in Y Minutes[0] is a fresh and quick intro to Perl6. It looks jolly good, readable(!) and quite fun! I hope I get to work on a project in Perl6. [0] https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/perl6/ This is great. Can you do an AMA, or umm, tell us more? +1 Insightful But still. If I understand this correctly 8000vms is one of these mainframes. That's one machine versus a supercomluting cluster of 4480 nodes. Will this game in the future be able to run, ported or otherwise, on the proposed Voxatron Game Console[0] by Lexaloffle[1]? [0] http://www.lexaloffle.com/games.php?page=consoles [1] http://www.lexaloffle.com/ The naming of the channel and hence branding was a real stupid move by them. As if lesser informed members of the public would see past their collectively understood common enemy meme AL-*. It doesn't take a PhD in philosophy to prescient this. Why couldn't they just have chosen something more "user friendly". Hell I even got talked behind my back by HR in a world class consultancy (CAPGEMENI, there I said it) firm for reading Al Jazeera, as if it was something dangerous and that I had dangerous intents (Nothing further happened). I love that luminaries from Oxford, no less than the Particle Physics department of Oxford university use Duke Nukem 3D as their example how how much the emulator is kicking ass and chewing bubblegum. I dig the innovative user interface metaphor. It's refreshing. English is not my first language either. Sarcasm has no place here on Hacker News, and I was not being sarcastic. I guess I could have elaborated. I think the way you have placed the category/categories, website domainname on each row is interesting. Also how comments are moved to a separate area which I find a fresh take! and Endomundo A folder on your tablet which you open with the gallery app is more than enough to do this already. and... Why does this need to be an app? I feel that many people are brainwashed by Apple dogma. Does it successfully terminate a Borg cluster? /offtopic No Linux port, You got to be effing kidding me. All his arguments from that post are today FOO. This is awesome. Totally a ballsy thing to do :) They are foo because his arguments regarding toolchains, driver stability, distro "stability" are not troublesome in 2016 is it was some years ago. This is a technical discussion, not a discussion of selling. Yes, I am arrogant by the way, I learned not to be afraid of standing tall with my own point of view. Same in Norway. Just visit brreg.no and for added convenience proff.no I am! :) This is the logical continuation of Aaron Swartz work. He should be mentioned. I have a strong belief in heartis.at as the new soundcloud and baboom.com as the real marketplace (which disrupts the industry). Booo. edit: Those alternatives will not work 99% of the times. I love the fact that it says pirate site. Information wants to be free. Ham Radio was always there. "The hobby mostly being male and often transmitted from father to son is highly susceptible to the overall cultural trends WRT single parenthood and boys growing up without male role models." I grew up without male role models. I turned to Doom and Linux. Needless to say, I didn't score until my teens were over. Plot twist. This is actually the result of a barter. The Gov gets to have some low level TOP-SECRET access in trade for this easy access code and that Apple gets to go public to keep the populace calm and pretend they are fighting this thing. Jumping from stone to stone (boulders) is supposed to stimulate and train large parts of the brain. It's "I'm a CEO speak" for categories. I apprechiate the effort, but that article did not tell me almost anything. This one from Linuxjournal[0] however. [0] - http://www.linuxjournal.com/article/9001 This is seriously awesome. That's enough internet for me today. You just have to clever up! I managed to scroll down by invoking the Android text selector and be dragging the selector block downwards. Android-CURRENT on Huawei Nexus 6P here :) I realize they have not taken security seriously in designing their delivery mechanisms. However I do not care. Linux Mint solves all my problems of configuration. It is configured so nicely and with Cinnamon it comes with so many useful bells and whistles, I'm not moving anywhere. It's great. Mint will be back after this blow and I am sure it will not happen again. I use it daily and I am super productive on it as my desktop. My family uses it also, on new and old computers, and it is perfect. Considered harmful is considered harmful Incredibly impressive. Greetings and high fives from the intertubes. As a futurologist I don't like this one bit. Seriously, I feel like this company will destroy us all. Well inability to join group calls is false. I do group calls on Linux using Skype every day. The client sucks, but it ain't unusable. Screensharing is my biggest concern, it does not work. I can't see other people sharing screens. Every one except the real professional occupations, like lawyer, doctor, pilot, auditor, ibanker https://www.udemy.com/an-entire-mba-in-1-courseaward-winning... I found this course to embody a lot of the "business insights" that you can learn at an MBA. At the end of the course I felt that it added a lot to my knowledge, and I could instantly stuff I picked up in my current position. Hi Brianking, I can't respond to your thread about IT infrastructure inventory apps, and HN has no privmsg right? I am just responding to you here, there are some cool self hosted asset management apps... Check them out here: https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted I would do it on Odoo https://hub.docker.com/_/odoo/ , I think. I really want the best for Slackware. I used to be a slacker 1996-2006 and grinded my Linux teeth on it. It escapes me why they don't want to innovate at all with a proper modern package manager. Also they need to remake their website and with that create a decent forum and a decent wiki just like Arch has perfectly done. Nowadays I don't care at all about knowing every corner of my system. I have applications to manage, languages to learn, money to make and a life to live - so I lazily run Ubuntu on everything. Grinding teeth, the proverbial milling of stone... Also as in learning the ropes, or training oneself, learning the hard way, et cetera. It's not adequate sorry. I am not happy with mailing lists for community building. And I know of Linuxquestions.com forums, but that's not adequate either. Seriously, it would take 60 minutes to get this sorted, and 30 bucks yearly of hosting these forums. Didn't see that one before. Good stuff they have one! Thank you. No difference worth making is precisely why I didn't make it. The community. As a user and potential contributor, I need that. Also I am sounding like a downer... I'm sorry about that. My strong opinions can often be too much, and I get that because they might sound negative. I am saying the things as a long time Slack user that gave up. No way. The NIH is strong. Based on what I have seen elsewhere (other distros and other major software projects), I am saying it would benefit greatly from a better approach. Yeah I am going to end the philology here. My advice and concerns above is more than enough. Half-Life 3 confirmed ... No wait Why does the World need to be like this? That edit there is soul destroying stuff. I always loved Facing Worlds, and still do:) Read it now, best thing ever. I met Romero yesterday, so stoked! :) http://imgur.com/iHbjCcB I hate stuff like this. "Tick tock" et cetera. I get terribly depressed thinking too much about it. Yesssss i have been waiting hard for the next part of the story. Ut's totally riveting. I would pay for more of this!!! [And or for future investigative journalism of this incredible scope] And then there's math knowledge. Social scientist here, and I have no clue of what you're talking about. Calculus destroyed my engineering aspirations. Ooh thanks! I will try this on other apps that might crash in the future. Torture scenes. The Norwegian News agency NTB, think Reuters on shrinker-pills, has deployed it. Not bad. Install Linux Mint on it and you'll never get another phone call about using the computer again Saying no to joining an arms and weapons producer. 2 months later I got hired by a AAA firm. Yay. I use Krita for all my Photoshop-like needs. Now it just got Even better. Android reads Ogg and Flac natively. It is being used by Spotify, and in most games internally, especially indie games. Ogg didn't win, but not far from it either. +1 insightful mevatne@hotmail.com Why not embrace, extend, extinguish two flies in one fell swoop! Seriously though... No that was serious. My brand new Thinkpad T550 has an explicit ME config firmware I can enter. PRESS ENTER TO INTERRUPT BOOT -> F1 BIOS, F12 CUSTOM BOOT DEVICE, F9 INTEL ME SETUP I can enter into it but its vital parts are password protected. Even though it is my computer, I cannot configure and control it. Scary. This is not the future I wanted. Nice one! Will try that. It accepted the password, though all uppercase "ADMIN". It then immediately wanted to set a new password, which fails every time. Possibly an undocumented password strength policy, but could be anything. It's beautiful when you don't have to live it. "This is a Facebook +Premium article. In order to access this content, you must sign in with a Facebook +Premium account[?]. [?] Facebook +Premium accounts are Facebook accounts where you have also confirmed your identify with your national passport [level1] and have your yearly retina scan access enabled and updated [level2]. As an option you may wish to access the Facebook extra features and free access to all services by enabling [level3] on your account by enabling location services and allowing us to store your GPS position throughout your day. A level 3 account will have access to location based and time based offers, content and Facebook friendship features that will simplify and improve your life. Level 4 access is not yet ready for us to offer you, but it will involve a small chip which you implant into your arm. This will let you get the full and unfettered Facebook experience without the need for any cellphone or other device!" Congrats Bryan. If anybody deserve it, it's you guys. Would be sweet to learn how to get the PG indexed search engine to work. And how to interface with it in Php or Ruby History of radio astronomy. It can't get much better than that. Yeah, I thought so too. The truly orthogonal logic and arguments used in the letter are excellent. I a doing a large webscraping project as a first in Ruby now. Learning heaps. I really wanted that series to be as good as the movie. Has it picked up lately? Ok good riddance then. Maybe a second movie will come out. I apprechiated the read. Didn't understand it though. Noticeable Because he can Nah. It's cool. Their cms spawns a forest of small websites. That's some fine Forestry imo. Luksus begs to differ. http://thomasfrivold.github.io/luksus I can also recommend the YouTuber "Ahoy". Phenomenal writing and production, videos on Wolf3D, Doom, Quake, Half-Life And then? Why not run Linux on the metal? You must be a newbie. Nothing wrong with that. Install Linux Mint and everything works out of the box. Taxis suck, globally. Or perl6 on jvm Tried Mint lately? It's been mighty fine distribution the last years. Interesting and engaging writing. I had similar history; harsh winters, Norwegian summers and access to computers meant staying in with friends learning every bit about our computer overlords at home and at demo-parties. At age 14 I was interning at a technical university college doing Linux work. Eventually I made it to Silicon Valley, all starry eyed. Because of moronic immigration laws I was never able to try my luck there. The only off-putting things were real estate prices, and all the schmoozing which in the Nordics we call lying. Now I am a corporate drone and have accepted this fate. No more illusions and aspirations of grandeur, only the long hard road awaits. As it happens it is pretty sweet and I'm happy. Skål mine nordiske venner. EDIT: Structure EDIT2: Pics or it didn't happen!? Me outside a Hewlett Packard campus building I particularly liked: http://i.imgur.com/pWtoVpm.jpg Our product: http://i.imgur.com/VL1UQVF.jpg Company story [now defunct]: http://imgur.com/a/6l1kl [I'll be writing an obituary on it later.] HP chargers / bricks for their high end laptops are pure engineering marvels. http://www.terapeak.com/worth/genuine-hp-elitebook-8760w-877... Hooh? dAMn No seriously, what is the author intending to say that when repeatedly putting it between sentences. So zen Okay, I'm going to be open minded and I want to try it. What will you do with these private data? Is your company aiming for a privacy quagmire on par with Facebook (loaded question I know, but it also shows what my worries and reservations are). Does anyone know where the Blackhat 2016 videos will be posted? I've always found them incredibly educational. Okay I'll leave something behind as well. This is my favorite sec-conference video of all time: [HOPE X] Elevator Hacking: From the Pit to the Penthouse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOzrJjdZDRQ Closely followed by DEF CON 18 - Joseph McCray - You Spent All That Money and You Still Got Owned... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SsUeWYoO1Y +1 to Rendezvous With Rama by Arthur C. Clarke. It is absolutely phenomenal "hard sci-fi" with coherent science and a very cool story. They were going to make a film adaptation of this book, with Morgan Freeman as a main actor and everything. The scope of the scenes in the story however were so large that even with Intel Corp with technology onboard, they couldn't make them. Maybe nowadays it would be easier to make. http://www.hitfix.com/motion-captured/morgan-freeman-discuss... You've got to be kidding me. Well that was exactly what OP was not looking for in an answer. It always was a fun idea for me to run that juicy Unix OS on my x86. In my case - I tried a lot, albeit back in 2008 and 2009, but wasn't able to get it to work reliably on different machines. I ended up in a quagmire of undocumented problems and errors, forum-hunting, loading kernel modules by hand - kext hell. Do you really want to? Sure Hahahaha I am a scholar and a gentleman, double MSc, but I couldn't help myself. Too much reddit lately I guess. I have been in the Linux camp for 20 years and seen their subterfuge, so a little schadenfreude is in its place. However I totally agree, this is not the place. I stand corrected, I'm sorry hn. There seems to be a hn downvote brigade too Yes. Anyone know if those fixes has flow back to the Linux kernel implementation of True Crypt (tcplay / LUKS)? It's difficult And from the trenches: - rails application - scraping with nokogiri gem on Ruby - simple models doing the scraping in rails app - some scraping is parsed with CSS selectors - nokogiri - some scraping is parsed with regex - nokogiri - persisting to DB, Text, even Google docs - presentation on web, text, pdf, xls Boom That's nothing. Move along. Why is RPN good? My gripe is: - Why should a person doing difficult mathematics also have to struggle with a different notation? No install guide in the wiki. Humm. Mainframes and helicopter parts Sounds like a cool uncle So Nexus6p or Galaxy S7 support? Cool! Thanks for the tip! On "Can't forget articles" I really wish there was a curated Hacker News archive. I encounter so many new things which are exciting, thought provoking and amazing stuff on HN. Or if they would extend HN with a Categories section. In horror I see a lot of business application stacks driven by Oracle. Probably because of some nifty set feature early on. Again and again we pay dearly for it. A small and growing part of me wants to cut through the bulls hit and look into eliminating it wherever I can sell the idea. Thanks a lot for your feedback! I will to try your tool. Also let you know if I usever it for anything real world. In horror I see a lot of business application stacks driven by Oracle. Probably because of some nifty set feature early on. Again and again we pay dearly for it. A small and growing part of me wants to cut through the bulls hit and look into eliminating it wherever I can sell the idea. What miserable trash. Apple id dead to me. It already was, even more so now. Why am I even here. What miserable trash. Apple id dead to me. It already was, even more so now. Why am I even here. Whoa I totally enjoyed that Shkreli video. Didn't watch it all but I think I will. I always wondered how do you do this horizontal or vertical fill with formula's using the keyboard? This inspired me to look for more Excel hacking videos on YouTube. Asberger? Yeah. He probably has a crowd that sucks at Excel because that goal seek stuff is not exactly a revolutionary Excel trick. Thanks! Thank you for the tidbit! Picked up a few things here :) I was. Thanks. See his video linked above. It's really good and its clear the guy is bright. The point here is, it's not how we feel as a desktop user, it's more interesting to think about what new technical solutions can be created because of this. I liked the media manipulation part. In fact ... You induced Goodwins Law. -- Godwin's law (or Godwin's rule of Nazi analogies) is an Internet adage asserting that "As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazism or Hitler approaches 1"—​​that is, if an online discussion (regardless of topic or scope) goes on long enough, sooner or later someone will ... Godwin's law (or Godwin's rule of Nazi analogies) is an Internet adage asserting that "As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazism or Hitler approaches 1"—​​that is, if an online discussion (regardless of topic or scope) goes on long enough, sooner or later someone will ... His method is known. This is why the study of history is important. This guy has a phenomenal collection and he posts insightful videos with system walkthroughs et cetera. https://m.youtube.com/user/jpkiwigeek ? End to End exploration and explanation of how and why global economy works. - Peter Dicken, Global Shift https://uk.sagepub.com/en-gb/eur/global-shift/book242137 Any corporate finance textbook, probably; Brearly Myers, Corporate Finance, https://www.amazon.com/Principles-Corporate-Finance-Richard-... Watch the Yale/Stanford lectures opencourseware on Financial Markets with Schiller; http://oyc.yale.edu/economics/econ-252-11 Nicholas Taleb, Black Swan; https://www.amazon.com/Black-Swan-Improbable-Robustness-Frag... Harry Markopolos, Nobody Would Listen, https://www.amazon.com/No-One-Would-Listen-Financial/dp/0470... Michael Lewis, Liars Poker, https://www.amazon.com/Liars-Poker-Norton-Paperback-Michael/... "Leveraged Sellout", Damn It Feels Good To Be A Banker, https://www.amazon.com/Damn-Feels-Good-Be-Banker/dp/14013096... I am a Krita fan. It's taken the throne of all my graphics creation and modification needs. https://krita.org/en/download/krita-desktop/ Thank you, now this thread is going somewhere. Popcorn time Unrealircd is imcredible, as far as irc servers go. I ran it with 300 concurrent users at a local LAN and was able to do a lot of excitimg things like load balancing between servers other cool things, already back in 2001. Then you will like this YouTube channel https://m.youtube.com/user/jpkiwigeek ? Paint.Net is good, indeed. Let Krita be your new friend. https://krita.org/en/ From the bowels of 4Chan https://i.imgur.com/abcVS6q.jpg Cto, hr, sales, devs I beg to differ! https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12556160 I use a personal mediawiki for large scale bodies of knowledge, like my academical studies, computing knowledge and such. Other than that, Simplenote for notetaking on web, android. Lastly Google Drive is heavily used for the rest. Yes. These IDE's bring phenomenal value. ? This is what universities, clubs and festivals are for. You must work with yourself then. Getting out there is the only way. Well well Trump! I am going to go a head and grab some popcorn. What is that? Roman history? (Genuine question) For science, would you svare your code? #wanttolearn It's not the same for me. EUROPE TO US, EUROPE TO LATIN AMERICA, LATIN AMERICA - EUROPE ASIA TO EUROPE All without latency.