That site has 30 million (base 27) digits of Pi. I used a dump of the first 5 trillion digits, and am now submitting prior art to all software patent trolls. I still use a typewriter. It's quicker to just bang out an address on an envelope than it is to load the sticky labels into the printer, open the word processor, type the address, then print it. but this does seem expensive. Like Boeing engineers sign off their own work when they're building aircraft. The test problem is well known in electronics manufacturing. When ISO900x and TQM etc is done right test & inspection are useful. No-one serious minds that a business complies with correctly formed legal requests. (And it's tricky for people in the UK facing the might of US law.) What's annoying is the disconnect between saying "We help you avoid censorship" and "we comply with correctly formed law enforcement documents". It's a bit like Hushmail. Compare their new advice to customers about how Hushmail will comply with law enforcement; to the point of creating new malicious Java software and pushing that out secretly to the 'target' / 'victim' to compromise their communication. Hushmail states all this clearly, allowing new customers to make an informed choice. > and that ultimately, we just want to give people ads that they don't hate (for some reason this is called "selling data to advertisers"). As an aside: I'm happy with ad supported stuff. I never run any ad-blocking extensions or hide my data. But still many ads are lousy. Any chance of a HN karma style thing to vote up / down ads? ("I hate this ad, it makes me want to leave the page -1", vs "I don't hate this ad, whether I click it or not +/- 0" vs "I like this ad whether or not I click it +1") And I always like websites that allow paying members to turn off ads. Clown.zip listed here? ( http://cd.textfiles.com/powerpakgold/FILES_RA/FILES.2 ) and downloady here? ( http://cd.textfiles.com/powerpakgold/ANIMAT/ ) Michael Gove is the one who talks about "Newton's laws of thermodynamics", so what did the OP expect? ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/jun/18/michael-gove... ) People here will know more than most the strong history of computing that Britain has. Significant contributions to many areas of computing have come from Britain. Just computer games in the UK is a huge industry. The OP thought that there is a lack of programming experienced by young people. Other people agree; see Raspberry Pi project for an example. IT in English schools is pretty poor, there's some simplistic "How to use a word processor, how to use a spreadsheet" but nothing in depth. Skills used in programming overlap many other areas of learning. Gather information; reduce the problem; attack each part; plan it out; step it through; iterate. The UK has some scarily poor implementations of big IT projects. Hugely late, over budget, broken - and those are the ones that make it to completion. (Although I welcome any information about the good systems.) We as a nation desperately need people who can program. Not just regular web / app / desktop programming, but also low quantity high quality machine shop style CNC / Pick and Place / etc manufacturing. The fact that the department gave a useless reply is no surprise, but is disappointing. Bing tv adverts suggested that Google wasn't providing user friendly search results. So maybe there is some huddle of people who just can't cope with Google? Was pyrex a company name? Pyrex == latin pyro + rex == fire king. The article needs some graphs, or some other visualisations. Version control for schematics is cool. I don't really get what they're saying with "visual diffs". Normal practice is to have a side-bar with a list of differences between versions. That makes it pretty clear what was added or removed. Using colours kind of fails because (for just a two sided PCB) you have two copper sides, one (maybe two) component sides, and these already use a bunch of different colour. Whatever you do with "visual diffs" needs to work in monochrome - you have people working with traditional blueprints, or with mono printers. Heck, you still (in the 21st century!) have people using fax machines. This all sounds really negative, but it isn't. It's a great idea, I just hope they can make it work. But re-inventing things that already exist is also sub-optimal. Why create a font, why not use an existing standard? Also, having a list of the icons together with their labels made it easy for me to know what they meant. Some of those icons would be baffling to me if they didn't have a label. I could be convinced that extra visual clutter is a good thing, but some designer is going to have to give a nice example. I don't want to be the "Let's make an open source version; it'd only take a weekend" guy, but why doesn't someone else do a good social bookmark site? What's stopping someone from providing the features that are missing in new delicious? Also, "stem to stem" should be "stem to stern" - I don't know why stuff like that bothers me so much, but it does. The promoted comments are usually worth reading. The first few times I saw them I made the mistake of trying to read the rest. They were still awful. Adam Buxton and Bug ( http://www.bugvideos.co.uk/ ) have a great thing where he reads YouTube videos. ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx-WBaSNrTQ ) I'm a bit confused. The architecture is just abstracted away. Why does a programmer care if it's optical or DNA or whatever? See, for a less extreme example, the tools that people use to develop for a single x86 vs CUDA vs massive clusters vs huge FPGA clusters vs ARM vs etc etc. I honestly think that revolutionary architecture will just lead to some new libraries and dev tools which get kludged onto existing dev systems. But I welcome more information because I know I could be horribly wrong. Helping your customers understand what they actually want to buy is part of selling, surely? Things are made trickier by PHBs in the client company claiming that everything is mission critical and that they can never ever have any downtime ever for any reason. Educating these people about, for example, just how flaky email and dns can be is important for your sanity. See, for example, these couple of posts from a Microsoft public newsgroup ten years ago: ( https://groups.google.com/group/microsoft.public.backoffice.... ) ( https://groups.google.com/group/microsoft.public.backoffice.... ) Some customers are clueless, but at least they care about the data. IE on mac was created by a different team, and was very different form IE on Windows. It was a popular browser. I have still to find anyone who actually used any of the IEs that MS released for Unix. This is a staggering statistic: "By 1830, the film informs us, the average American male over the age of 15 was consuming the equivalent of 88 bottles of whiskey a year." That makes prohibition a lot more understandable. Not acceptable! Just easier to understand why desperate people thought desperate measures were needed. As a bit of noodling: ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=population+of+US+in+183... ) the US had about 12 million people in 1830. Life expectancy is here: ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=life+expectancy+in+US+i... ) If we say that 3 million people were drinking 50 bottles of whiskey each per year that's 150 million bottles. If each bottle is half a litre that's 75 million litres. It takes about 100 kg grain to make about 80 litres. 75m / 80 * 100 == 93,750,000 kg grain. That's about 90,000 imperial tons of grain. It takes about 250 labour-hours to produce 100 bushels of wheat. ( http://www.agclassroom.org/gan/timeline/farm_tech.htm ) That's, uh, my conversions are failing now. ( http://www.interstock.ru/0obuch/conversion.pdf ) okay, I give up. I was trying to see roughly how many people and acres it would take to fuel an 1830 population of 15 year olds at 50 bottles a week. The gigabytes of wiki meta stuff will be fascinating for the future people. "Ghod almighty," they will say, "look at the hours and hours they spent talking about absolute nonsense!". Personally I'd put particle physics (esp LHC) in the list in place of wikipedia. Lists of fictional ducks and every Essex bus timetable for the last three years isn't that inspiring to me. I love to see this level of investigation. It's a great shame that there's not really any programme of funding or support to encourage hacking like this. Hopefully people will dig around in cupboards / attics / basements to find more hardware. I usually find that ( http://meatballwiki.org/wiki/ ) has already talked about anything to do with online communities, and has probably covered it better. This post is brutal. _Sorry_ in advance. Feel free to ignore it. (But I suggest, in a friendly way, that you read the link provided at the end.) >you it’s wears. Possessive its has no apostrophe. And that should be "wares", not "wears". This next sentence is where I stopped reading. >Procedures and doing things in the right and expected order, is in my opinion, is paramount to making work easier for everyone, so I’ll also be addressing that issue. Repeated "is" and oddly placed commas meant I couldn't remember what you were trying to say. I know that these are tiny little things. And maybe I should concentrate on the meaning of your piece. But those errors broke my concentration; they got in the way. Sorry. The Underground Grammarian expresses it better than I can, in "Trifles" (chapter 6 of "Less Than Words Can Say"). http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/less-than-words-can-say... http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/ ...and I know my writing, spelling, punctuation and grammar are all lousy. But I'm not making money off writing. Calibre does not like PDF. It sometimes works, but the Calibre team recommend using against using PDF anywhere in the workflow. Calibre also comes bundled with a bunch of command line tools which, in my opinion, are much nicer than Calibre itself. About the un-clickable program name in the menu bar. I agree that it'd be nice, like OS X, to have that as a menu. OS X, or probably Apple, forces control over what items go into different menus. Linux is a lot more free. So, a "preferences" menu item could go in 'file' or 'edit' or 'view' or 'tools'; or maybe only some of the preferences are there and the rest are in a config file. It took me some getting used to. It's a problem when the ad requires three years of Javascript, two years of embedded C, two years of C++, two years of Python, two years of Ruby, and five years of HTML and CSS, and yet is only offering college-leaver pay. > Learning any other language is largely a pursuit of fancy What happens if you want to sell to, or buy from, some other country? Is business squeezed into the bit that isn't "largely a ..."? I'm English. I speak no other languages, and it's something I'm a bit embarrassed by. Curtas get mentioned a lot because they occur in a couple of William Gibson books. But there are other nice bits of mechanical technology. I used to work for a bus ticket machine company. The mechanical devices were amazing pieces. Really intricate and packed. I didn't work on those. I worked on "TIMtronic" (Ticket Issuing Machine electronic). http://www.ticketmachinewebsite.com/apps/photos/album?albumi... But see also Samuel Morland's adder, a device from 1680. Yes, I agree. My post was worded very poorly. Thank you for the corrections! I didn't realise that Apple didn't force the HIG. I do enjoy the care and thoughtful interface decisions. >We’re developing ads that provide richer information to you because we believe that search ads should be both beautiful and informative, and as useful to you as an answer. Google has started silently substituting words or dropping words from queries. See, for example, my stack exchange question: http://webapps.stackexchange.com/q/19465/13791 I'm not sure I want ads that do the same. Eye testing can pick up a bunch of stuff early, so regular eye tests (especially when you get older) are important. Don't forget that in England your employer makes a contribution to the cost of eye-tests and glasses if you're a monitor user. ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/Employment/HealthAndSafetyAtWork... ) Plenty of pages that get linked to from HN are pretty bad for readability - awful contrast or weird font choices. User side CSS is nice, but it's a shame to have to fix so many sites. Also, analgesics can cause "rebound headache" - you have a headache, you take pain relief for a few days, the headache stops, and you stop taking the pain killer. Then you get a rebound headache. This especially happens with ibuprofen. ( http://www.helpforpain.com/arch2000aug.htm ) That site says rebound headache are the most common cause of pain referral to doctors, which is a surprise to me. I would have thought back pain was. English government gives the impression of being scientifically and mathematically illiterate. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/jun/18/michael-gove... ) - the minister for education saying { "What [students] need is a rooting in the basic scientific principles, Newton's laws of thermodynamics and Boyle's law."} I doubt this open letter will make any difference. Or even be understood. I predict some politician will be using nursing, or primary schools, in an example of where money needs to be spent and as a justification for cuts, even though the letter says this is not about cuts. Link to the EPSRC: ( http://www.epsrc.ac.uk/Pages/default.aspx ) I'm not a businessman, but if I was trying to sell something I would want to reduce the work my customers have to do. I don't want to give them the choice of "The guy who doesn't speak $LANGUAGE" vs "Let's go with this guy who made an effort". (Let's not forget that customers are not always rational.) Politician's blog: ( http://www.siegfriedkauder.de/ ) Copied photo: ( http://www.vogtsbauernhof.org/content/view/full/213 ) Pretty clumsy move, especially for a lawyer, especially for a lawyer who claims to want to protect copyright. He's not jsut kept the image in his private collection, but is serving it to whoever many people visit his site. I have no idea about Germany, but in England it's the sharing with other people that becomes a problem. dBaseII - sales people don't want $SOFTWAREv1.05, they want The New Version. They can then sell that upgrade, and the extra features. PHBs get caught up in that. Kaizen and iteration doesn't feel exciting; you don't have a release buzz. Someone needs to set up a Patent Troll company and patent a bunch of processes for political methods / action / campaigning / etc. Then start trolling politicians. In the UK, where people get cheap meds (80% of people taking meds don't pay for them) the rate of non-compliance with meds is staggering. The medication budget is something like £9billion per year, and estimates suggest that half of that is wasted because people don't take the meds correctly (or at all). And this is not because the meds are cheap or the illness is trivial. Rates of non compliance are similar in the US, and for people who will die without meds. Many organ transplants fail because of medication non-compliance. The history is important, and I'm really pleased they got some money. They still need a bit more. And really, in the scheme of things, a couple of million is not much for such an important site. I am worried about them being able to get it, especially at the moment. It's a bit depressing that programming and that kind of thinking is neglected in the curriculum. Except, it's not misaimed fandom. People seem to genuinely agree with him about how stupid some aspects of modern gaming are. Having cowclick is a way of saying you agree. A clicky plusone. That's fair enough; KDE and Gnome had problems with security with their screen savers. Gnome's reimplementation of Jamie Zawinski's xscreensaver had a bunch of security bugs. And screensavers are hardly The Killer App. I do, however, agree that it's annoying when an upgrade kills functionality. ( http://www.usenix.org/events/usenix2000/general/pikelex.html ) >Symbolic links make the Unix file system non-hierarchical, resulting in multiple valid path names for a given file. This ambiguity is a source of confusion, especially since some shells work overtime to present a consistent view from programs such as pwd, while other programs and the kernel itself do nothing about the problem. etc etc. filesystems are a mess, and it'd be great if something could fix them. ...but people also spend real money to buy (ugly) ProgressQuest real-world items. I'm pretty sure if PQ introduced some stupid free-to-play/pay-to-get-juicy-upgrades thing that they'd get a bit of cash. I'm not technical, but even I can appreciate some of the very many layers beneath my web-browsing. But, taking me typing into this text-box on HN as an example: What would the Unix way be? (If every tool does one thing and does it well, with text as input and output, and pipes to join it all together.) Would I really have an unholy long command-line of a bunch of tools piped together (but accessed by clicking an icon)? Assuming for a moment that they're right: What's the alternative? OS/2 had nice features; it got crushed. BeOS had some nice features; it got crushed. (Yes, I'm aware that they're probably still around in some OSS version.) Plan9 keeps being mentioned, but do regular users understand it? (Is there a "this is why we do things, and this is why that's good" written for people who haven't written their own compiler?) Are people working on experimental new OSs to "fix problems" in existing systems, or have we gone way past the point of no return? Is there any work on new microprocessor architecture? How much stuff in my modern OS is there because of legacy 8086 stuff? I think, but I'm not sure, that the length of time it's taken people to get (for one example) IPv6 rolled out shows that change is not likely. Plan9 LiveCD and installer: ( http://cm.bell-labs.com/plan9/download.html ) Haiku: ( http://haiku-os.org/ ) You can have a great high resolution grey scale monitor, as used in hospitals to view x-rays and other imaging data, but they cost something like $6,000USD. I'm guessing you could hack them to work well with text. You'd lose color syntax highlighting. Here's just one example, but there are loads more: ( http://www.pnwx.com/Equipment/Digital/Displays/Barco/Nio/ ) Blame stupid consumers for buying really poor quality monitors based almost only on price - forcing manufacturers to supply inferior product. Programmers do it on paper in pseudo-code and Jackson Structured Programming charts while coders convert that into a program? (The programmer and coder might be the same person.) Verified by visa is hideous security theatre. I have no idea why banks fail so hard at security. They're actively targeted by criminal gangs; they stand to lose money if they get it wrong; they have money and expertise to get it right. Yet they all suck. Swatch beats were pre-Y2K! It's kind of a shame they went nowhere. Something like Swatch beats would be useful. See, for example, Stack Exchange "days" - I have no idea when they start or finish in my time-zone. It's not outrage at Stallman's comments, but asking whether someone who is horrendously, gratuitously crass, offensive and insensitive of people's emotions should be "cheerleading" free software. See also RMS's disappointment at the developer busy with a new child - start here ( http://thread.gmane.org/gmane.emacs.devel/36137 ) His inability to understand people is distracting from the aims of FSF. >Actually, I think this may be an issue with your monitor. Could you take a screen grab and email me a bitmap if you get a moment? I just want to check there isn’t a colour rendering error What? How does that work? Also, other people see bugs and faces: I see goatse. :-( In WAVE, the A is higher than the W and V. Is that supposed to happen? (MacBook Pro, OSX Snow Leopard) I think you're under-estimating RMS's extremism about 'freeness'. RMS would say that you booted your machine with an evil closed EFI / BIOS; that there's a bunch of evil non-free drivers; that there's a bunch of evil non-free gui stuff, etc etc. Chrome was not, to RMS, a valid solution. Note his approach to "browsing the www" - ( http://lwn.net/Articles/262570/ ) >To look at page I send mail to a demon which runs wget and mails the page back to me. RMS would say that there is still plenty of work to do to work toward 'free' software. (Mobile phones is something he's keen to open up.) Any explanation for downvote? 1) How does a screen grab help diagnose broken monitor? 2) Three blobs on left and three blobs on right are hands, you know the rest. Totally Goatse. I like ( http://750words.com/ ) That wasn't the first time RMS had said something like that, but to say it to a fellow dev, when you're asking that person to fix someone else's bug, seems particularly unaware. For sure, Asperger's or Autism explains it, but doesn't make it much easier to deal with. So long as Amazon never include a touch-screen I'll be happy. Sony's decision to have a shiny touch screen, that got grubby, on a device used mostly for reading, was baffling. UK (at least, England, I have no idea what Wales or Scotland do) "Learning disability" is related to IQ. Autism and Asperger's syndrome do sometimes lead to a "Special Educational Need" (SEN). This isn't just language; there's some access to medical services stuff involved. >If you think Steve's products hamper your freedom Try and explain how to boot a MacBookPro from USB stick to someone, and compare that to booting almost any other computer. Or explain how to dual boot a Mac with OSX and Linux, vs anything else with Windows and Linux. Holding down option while booting does not work for USB media on MacBook Pro. (But sure, this will work for optical media.) You've just managed to give the wrong information to someone, and call them stupid at the same time. Sure, there are a lot of important benefits to having firm design choices made by someone, rather than just not ever making the decision and cramming a million options into a multi-tab options dialog (or a config file). I own (and use every day) a mac. I've recommend mac to everyone I know, fo rthe reasons you mention. But you can't have it both ways - not having those options available means you're not as free to use your machine as you are with other OSs. Trivial eg: OS X windowing behaves a certain way. You want to maximise a window? You can't, unless you know some secret trick. You want to tile windows? You can't, unless you install some 3rd party software. These aren't power-user functions. Did you read the page you posted? The external USB device:- >Contains an installation of Mac OS X 10.4.5 or later, or Mac OS X 10.5 or later, which is compatible with (or shipped with) the Mac that the USB device is connected to. That's not Linux. Linux will not work with that method. Don't take my word for it; try it yourself, or ask Apple, or have a quick search of the "support" communities. See, for an example, this question on stack exchange: ( http://superuser.com/q/27794/93703 ) Here are some people having trouble, and not getting much help (but lousy "support" is common to many distributions) - ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/1266303?start=0&tst... ) ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/2579995?start=0&tst... ) ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/1723157?start=0&tst... ) You've still failed to understand the problem, and to provide a working fix. >What Apple's products tend to do is trade one kind of freedom for another. They don't eliminate or reduce freedom, they transform the essential nature of it. No. Apple's design choices remove freedom. It would be easy for Apple keep their software as it is, but also include text config files. I agree with you that "sane defaults" are something that Apple does really well, and I agree with you that it's great for many users. But not having the option to change some behaviours; having that option locked out, has removed some freedom from some users. I love this! I really like the fact that (as others have mentioned) they are text friendly. I've added one to my custom CSS for HN. (and a teeny-tiny comment if they're reading this: possessive its has no apostrophe. (See description for Stucco.)) Bigger houses with more people per house - better support to look after old people at home or keep young people there while they study. Better flats - much better noise insulation, with energy efficiency and better local infrastructure (especially local transport), so singletons use space efficiently. A nice idea, but I'm not convinced. I'd be interested to see an excerpt that taught an actual programming concept. See also "The Number Demon" (Or devil - ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/Number-Devil-Mathematical-Adventure/... ) which could have been brilliant but has a few problems. Still, good luck! Anything that helps teach programming thinking is probably a good thing. You're right! I missed out 'linux' from "boot from USB". Sorry, I should have included that. Still, the point stands; booting Linux from USB is hard and not clearly documented anywhere and is tricky to explain to people. Maybe that's as designed, but there are so many of these design decisions that lock down the system to whatever Apple wants. And that jars with the "Think Different" sloganeering. Just my personal opinion: I didn't like the way that names of people and theories were changed to other stuff; and it can feel a bit repetitive with the dialogue. I'm not saying the book is awful, and I know other people will think it's good. People in the UK will move house to get into the catchment area of a good (free) school. Not just secondary school (ages 11 to 16) but for primary schools too (ages 5 to 10). That's an investment of hundreds of thousands of pounds for something which (at primary school ages) doesn't appear to have much of an evidence base. I haven't heard anyone saying "It's Harvard or the gutter", but they're similar. I'm just lazy, that's why I didn't anglicise. I would think that Harvard is as well known as Oxbridge. I'm not sure about the other Ivy League colleges. Yes. I would definitely pay Google for some features. (I'd really like an option to "de-bubble" me; I'd really like an option to go back to 2004 style searching; etc.) Facebook's reach is pretty scary / annoying. I'd gladly pay them to have some of the functionality but with better privacy options. I'd always consider paying a site to not show adverts. I'd much rather pay a news-site for quality reporting than have to put up with link-bait trolling and ads and [1][2][3] pages of chopped up articles. I have nothing to do with this. I saw it and thought that some on HN might enjoy it. Holy crap that hurt my eyes. Seriously, I'm going to start asking about client-side CSS soon. The early Hubble images were fixed, maybe there's something around for those? ( http://adsabs.harvard.edu/full/1992ASPC...25..226K ) What an awful URL. Meatball wiki is crucial reading for people wanting to learn about online communities. ( http://meatballwiki.org/wiki/ ) ...why not just use the Stack Exchange "Code Golf" website? ( http://codegolf.stackexchange.com/ ) Won't we just end up with "I do not want X [*]" vs "I do want X [ ]"? Having seen how the UK implemented data protection stuff I'm not keen on seeing the mess they'll make of this. Current best practice is un-checked boxes asking if the user wants more information. Current common practice is to check all those boxes and let the user notice any that need un-checking. A bit frustrating. Also, the distance selling regulations are already pretty fierce in the UK. I'm glad I don't sell a physical product. I'd be really interested to hear from anyone who does about any problems they've had. No. If you rely on a lot of storage it pays to have really smart people building the hardware and software, and maintaining it, with service agreements in place. If 100 TB was as easy as buying a bunch of discs and slapping NASlite or FreeNAS on them then everyone would be doing it. ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/7275/824 ) ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/83/824 ) ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/9341/824 ) etc. Not sure why that's controversial? Diceware ( http://world.std.com/~reinhold/diceware.html ) is one version. It should be easy enough to automate, if you can get enough randomness to pick each word. Not sure about "healthy", but "totally normal" or "completely acceptable" instead fit. Also, responds really well to self-guided treatment like cognitive behaviour therapy. >We don't have a policy on how to accommodate deaf or sight impaired customers, This is not legal in the UK under disability discrimination laws; I'm surprised it's not the same in other countries. As well as being not legal it's a pretty shoddy way to treat potential customers. >This request has moved me to action. Cool! I'd be really interested to read how it goes; if you have problems; if you get any customer feedback. Phone calls make sure I waste my time trying to get your attention via low-paid level one staff who have minimal training and who possibly hate me and all other customers; until I give up navigating your awful phone-menu system and getting misunderstood by aforementioned staff and being put on hold for hours www.edfenergy.com/products-services/for.../priority_services.pdf >If you have a textphone, please call our Minicom Line free on 0800 096 2929 I agree that email (as well as phone) is a better solution. The writing in The Economist is awesome; many magazines would struggle to convey programming, compiling, and machine code to a general audience. Have a browse through alt.sysadmin.recovery I'm really keen to read parts 2,3,4,5, and 6. I know someone working for Chegg and they love it there. A device for electronic-hacking that allows me to use screens removed from Nintendo DS or Playstation Portable or some smart phones (probably iPhone because of ease of getting them) over USB. A bit like ( http://www.thinkgeek.com/computing/usb-gadgets/bfa3/ ) but not insanely expensive. There are very many dead laptops with working displays. Something that allows people to use those as a secondary display (even though they're going to have to work to rip out the display and stick it into a case / bezel) would be good. No, but it doesn't cost me money to send an email. I'm in the UK. We tend to have to pay to call companies. Where a company has a "freephone" number that's only free from landlines (and possibly a small number of mobile tariffs) - anyone calling from a mobile will have to pay lots. The combination of poor customer service, and not getting the problem resolved, and having to pay for it, is horrible. I'm very pleased for Duck Duck Go. Lots of things about Google are frustrating, and it's great to have an alternative. They're not quite there, but I hope they manage it soon. Imagine you have a troll providing lots of noise but little signal. You just ban them, and give them a notice saying "You're banned". What do you think they're going to do? They just change IP, register again, and carry on. Now imagine that you hellban them. Or just start introducing errors and delays into their posting. What do you think they do? They carry on trolling, but no-one else is disturbed by it. It's particularly annoying when Google substitutes words without telling you. Or when they silently drop words and you only realise when a ctrl-F through the web-page says nothing found. Weirdly, I want a time filter, but to block recent results and promote results older than X years. I can think of the example, but there was something with few results for (about) 12 years ago (and those were the ones I wanted) but millions for this year. (And I didn't want those.) I go to "goodies" and "zero click info sources". I see this line:- Language SE - quint in quintessential So I clicky the link, but it appears to have nothing to do with Stack Exchange. Some of the others work - Numote Big Bang Schedule has a nice box at top of the search results. ALSO: Do you have a printable cheat sheet for all the bang syntax and extras? A4, mono, please! You used to be able to group search terms using () on Google. It appears that you can't do that any longer. Google will sometimes substitute words for you, and say "did you mean X?". That's gently frustrating; I'm sure it's great for most people but not for me. Worse, sometimes google will sub words and say "Search for X instead of Y". Sometimes, and this is what really bugs me, is you'll include three or four words in the search term, and Google will silently drop one. I only find out when I open the URL, and having wasted a few minutes noodling around the document, I try to find my word using a ctrl F and I discover it's not there. Here's an example (that appears to work now): (I'm fully aware that maybe I'm doing it wrong, and I welcome advice about best current practice for Google searching. (For example, did Google ever group words in brackets? When did they stop doing that?)) +("os x" OR "osx") +temperature +(console OR "command line") I expected this to return URLs that: 1) MUST CONTAIN either "os x" or "osx" and 2) MUST CONTAIN either "console" or "command line" and 3) MUST CONTAIN the word "temperature". When I was trying it the first page of results did not contain the word temperature - obviously very annoying. Nope :-( I get this: --- Did you mean quintin quintessential? Welcome to Quintessential Filter Tips Ltd. Quintessential Tips Ltd. Makers and Purveyors of Fine Quality Environmentally Conscious Smoking Products. quintessentialtips.com Quintessential | Define Quintessential at Dictionary.com adjective . 1. of the pure and essential essence of something: the quintessential Jewish delicatessen. 2. of or pertaining to the most perfect embodiment of something: the quintessential performance of the Brandenburg Concertos. dictionary.reference.com/browse/quintessential More results Let me know what information you need and I'll send it to your feedback page. I might not be for a few hours though! Dive Into HTML5 would seem a good place. Here's one mirror: http://diveintohtml5.ep.io/ (It was released under some CC licence, so I'm guessing the mirror is legit. ) This post is mostly negative, and it might be a bit harsh. Sorry in advance. Your ideas for watches make me want to actively avoid -before I've even seen them - any websites you've been involved in. You show a fundamental lack of understanding about how people read time that I think you would fail hard with something more complex. The analogue style face has lasted so long because it is so easy to use. Catching a ball involves a bunch of tricky physics (we've only just developed robots that can do it well) but people don't have to think about it; you throw a ball at them and they jab their arm out. (If they're anything like me they miss the ball.) People don't need to think about watches to tell the time. There are a few special cases: Young people learning to tell the time, or people with some interesting number-blindness problems, or people with mild learning disabilities. I'd be interested to hear designs that help those people. But, really, digital watches already exist and are a cheap and simple fix. Really nice. But whenever I see stuff like this I always wonder if it fits into less than 4k; some of that demo-scene stuff is amazing. Maybe this? ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1545220 ) Or this? (doubtful) ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3026230 ) ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1921154 ) If you want graduate instead of graduating you don't use + you use "graduate". See how annoying it is? They change this stuff. Also, like I said - default behaviour is great for most people. I dislike it. I don't want Google subbing words for me, and I don't want to enclose everything in quotes. Just to follow up on this: I had a caching thing on os x chrome, and thus my problem (unrelated software) was fixed within an hour of posting. I'm buying a t-shirt to say thanks. An "online knitting machine". The user sends in a knitting pattern; the website generates a cost; the user decides to pay (or not); payment is taken; the thing is made and dispatched. Advanced mode: have a screen for users to design stuff which then gets knitted. I thought the > on the first page was connected to the email submission thing. I didn't notice it at first. I didn't click it. I only knew to click it after reading another comment here about the little circles and then I saw both , and realised they were clicky. Suggestion: Make the extra pages much easier to find, make the more discoverable, make the little circles more obvious. I want to make new friends. Let's have a read of the blurb: >GROOOVY LETS YOU MEET >NEW FRIENDS COMFORTABLY >AT YOUR OWN PACE. That's exactly what I need; nice and gentle and not scary. I am your target users. I'm not looking to date or hook up; I'm not sketchy or skeezy. So, who are these people? Where do they come from? What's the "pool of people"? >Join or create customized >events. Chat with the people you'll meet, check-in and add >them as friends. Finish off your event experience by >writing your first thoughts of each other. Wait, what? I have no idea who these other people are. Are they all just randoms that sign up to your service? How do I know they're not crazy axe-murderers? Are they taken from Facebook or some such? Do we pay to join? Do we pay to send messages? Let's say I set up and event: Do I just ping people and ask if they want to go? Or does my event get listed and other people say they'd like to turn up? What happens if Bob (a made up name) has been to an event and I HATE HIM? Can I not let him see events I create? Can I filter events Bob goes to? Cue a bunch of people being shot / tasered / gassed as they reach for their phones? Not all freecell hands are winnable. ( http://shoreacres.wordpress.com/2008/06/14/the-death-of-free... ) Even taking into account that the writer's first language wasn't English the article is pretty poor. Maybe a lot was lost in translation. >There is a Swedish saying that goes something like "Give the bear honey, and it will take you entire arm off". I love this idiom. It feels much nicer than "Give them an inch and they'll take a yard / mile" (Some definitions for this post: "Stress" == bad, harmful, something to be avoided for everyone. "Pressure" == not harmful, enjoyed by some people.) Possibly not relevant to you but: In the UK your employer owes you a legal duty to protect you from stress in the workplace. The duty is clearly defined in law, and has been tested by the courts and employment tribunal many many times. But - so what? You need to be able to turn that protection into something that helps you. Seek advice; and then gather evidence of what things are too stressful, and if anything could be done to reduce that to a manageable level. Then go see a line manager and ask to talk. Present these things, and see if you can work something out. Realise that you probably can't, but at least you now have some protection if you decide to leave. As others have said, really you need to try to leave. Bad companies grind on because people stay there, getting dumped on. Unfortunately there are many idiots in the workplace, and that translates to many bad workplaces. ( Office Space Dilbert etc are not funny because they're off the wall; they're uncomfortably close to real life.) But don't let this put you off from leaving. No-one should be put in the situation that you're in. You could try adjusting work / life balance:- get more exercise, drink much less caffeine, get a self-help book or course about dealing with stress and use those techniques at work (and remember, it's just a job), remember to take regular time-outs (you're using a monitor, so you should be having at least 5 minutes every hour), don't get pressured to do silly hours, etc etc. FWIW I have a lot of sympathy for you. Bad working environments suck, and suck hard. Employers need to learn that treating the workforce humanely is in the best interest of their business. > Nobody wants the entire Internet encrypted more than the giant banks Why is so much bank security nothing more than ridiculous security theatre? I agree they have the money, they have the need, they have enough smart programmers; so why do they fail so hard at security? I went through a period of being tired all the time - so tired that I found it hard to stay awake in the afternoons. And close friends would mention that I looked like I was putting on weight. I felt confused most of the time. It was lousy. Turns out it was a thyroid problem combined with myxodema (water retention on the face). My GP diagnosed it after blood tests. Now I'm on life long medication and I have yearly blood tests -but the fat-face has gone, and I feel normal. Also, I get all my prescriptions free. (I'm in the UK.) > Project Zomboid was regularly backed up from machine to machine, but rarely – sadly and infuriatingly – externally. We have lost an awful lot of work. I don't want to be an arsehole, but COME ON. Really? No proper backup? > They got burgled, FFS, I feel for those poor fellows, that really sucks. Yes. For the avoidance of all doubt (and I thought it went without saying) I feel sorry for them too; being robbed is really rough and losing a bunch of work because of it is also really rough. And insurance is such a scam that I'd be curious to know if they get any money or if their insurance refuses to pay out. Binary blobs for configuration should be considered evil. I'm all for sane defaults and making design decisions and keeping options away from the users - not having huge preference panes. But keep a hand-editable text configuration file. I spent some time using IceWM (shipped with EEEpc 701) and the jwm. So I guess I'd be using jwm again. > But a lot of them were two-person companies last year too, and the year before that. So what? It takes X years (3? 5?) before you see a real profit. > At the same time, many of Boston’s most promising companies with 100 or more employees have a tough time hiring. Could too much of Boston’s talent be stuck in start-ups that are going nowhere? Or could some of $TOWN's most promising companies have toxic work environments, with awful management and horrible structures? Letting people work from home would improve hiring. Having sensible expectations for working hours and vacation wouldn't hurt either. Yes. I had thought the flat base was a distinct feature, but I was wrong. It's been used for years. ( http://hub.tv-ark.org.uk/images/weather/bbc_images/bbc_weath... ) Also, a simple Google image search of [cloud logo] gives many different varieties of cloud. Some have bumpy bases; some have more or less than three circles; etc. Learn Python the hard way is available online for free, or you can buy it. ( http://learnpythonthehardway.org/ ) Here's the link for Land of Lisp. ( http://landoflisp.com/ ) > * but none of them are relevant for me, personally * That's fine. People are saying (I think) that sane defaults and good design choices are important. Where the problem comes is that there's no need to exclude power users. You just hide all the stuff in a text config file. That makes a lot of sense because these are the people who tend to review and blog about the product, and if they're giving good reviews and raving about it you're going to ship more. There was an interesting comment about support: binary blobs leads to easier support because users can't mess it up too much. The answer to that is a big "restore to default" button that backs-up the config and then resets everything. > * The power users should know enough about ubuntu to change what they don't like. * Except configuration is being hidden in binary blobs! And "The Ubuntu Way" seems to be being forced on "power users". It's a great shame. Linux does need an easy to use OS, and Ubuntu has filled that role for a while now, and will continue to do so. But the great thing about Ubuntu was that power users could use it as well. Now some people are going to migrate to other distributions (debian for power users, mint for people who dislike the idea of an "easy to use, linux for newbies"). This gets a bit off-topic, sorry. The British Broadcasting Company started a rule about "no biscuits for meetings of only internal BBC staff". That saved them over £200,000. I don't know what that was in USD in 2001, but it's a reasonable amount. I also don't know how much good-will they lost amongst staff. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2001/jul/25/broadcasting.bbc ) > According to a report compiled by the BBC's "revenue, procurement and services" department, the BBC spends £3m a year on catering hospitality, of which £350,000 goes on free tea and coffee for staff - not counting refreshments provided for meetings. > A further £210,000 is spent annually on biscuits for meetings of BBC executives and middle managers, with half of the snacks consumed at BBC Television Centre in west London. About £500,000 goes on complimentary lunches, meals and buffets for employees; £80,000 on alcohol and £100,000 on "miscellaneous staff events". Remember that the BBC is funded by a "tax" / licence fee that people must pay if they install or use a TV to receive broadcast signals. "TV" in that sentence includes computers / smart phones capable of receiving live streaming Internet. "Broadcast signals" in that sentence does not just include BBC. A person might never watch anything by the BBC, they still need to pay the tax. Please can I filter some people from /news and /newest? Or could I set a minimum score for any of their submitted articles to appear for me? (Thus, they submit twenty articles. One of them gets 6 upvotes, which is my limit, and thus I only see that one submission.) I guess this is a user-side configurable hellban / killfile. Thanks for the cultural note! I even meant to include that. I upvoted you but . . . You say that you worked there, and had meetings, but never saw a biscuit? Thus, the figure isn't £200,000 / 27,000; but is £200,000 / however many people went to meetings where biscuits were served. Also, £7.41 a year per person for meeting biscuits is a lot of biscuits when you have economies of scale like the BBC. Finally: It might not be a tax but don't forget it's a special licence fee, protected with its own bit of legislation, where non-payment results in fines and non-payment of those fines was a significant cause of imprisonment of women. There aren't many other products with that kind of fee-structure. I agree the BBC is brilliant. I do think it's weird that Bob (who never ever watches BBC, or uses the website, or listens to BBC radio) but who has a telly has to pay the licence while Ann (who does listen to BBC radio all day, while noodling about on BBC websites, ) doesn't. Not only is there a loss of morale but you need to employ people to do the scrutinising, and then set up systems to gather evidence. Preventing someone over-claiming on biscuits and gasoline / petrol milage just added lots to cost and made people unhappy. See also (again in the UK) the many people entitled to some benefits who do not claim those. I believe (but have no evidence) that part of the reason is the vigorous scrutiny that people go through. This doesn't stop criminal gangs from making large sums of money from benefit fraud. There is a free market of competing insurance companies who will take Bob's money. People who have a tv "installed or used" must buy a licence, and can only buy it from one company, whether they use that company's product or not. Indeed, they need to pay the fee even if they intend to only ever use the product of the BBC's competitors. Non-payment of car insurance is handled by the police. Non-payment of tv licence is handled by a private company. The TVL database is the largest civilian database in the UK, with details of 30million addresses. Cost of enforcement has been used as a reason to scrap the licence fee, by a previous BBC director general (Greg Dyke.) While it's possible to kill people and cause a lot of damage on a push-bike it is considerably harder to do so than whilst driving a car. And the analogy breaks down further - I can listen to BBC radio all day; I can use the BBC website all day; I can even watch BBC tv programmes on the BBC video on demand service BBC iPlayer (so long as they are time-shifted and not live-streaming) without having to buy a licence. But as soon as I want to watch, for example, Sky, I need to pay the licence to BBC and pay a subscription to Sky. For your analogy: As soon as Ann passes her driving test and buys a Ford she needs to pay money to Chrysler to allow her to drive. (But all of my analogies suck!) > Calibre (ebook management software) Please, dear lord, someone fork this and fix the god awful user interface. I do, but there are plenty of people who want a gui but who hate the Calibre gui. And it is an awful awful interface. Not everyone can write a (trivial) bash script to do a batch conversion. Isn't there already a shortage of rare earth minerals, used to make strong magnets? Is that going to be a problem for extending uses of this outside a lab? But: really cool video. But what you did was not ethical, or sensible, or best practice; and was obviously going to get you into trouble. You're lucky you kept your job. There are ways you can raise concerns about security and yours was a bad way. I like the clear, easy to understand language. To satisfy school regulatory bodies you might want to have something labled "privacy policy" which lists relevant laws and your compliance. I'd stick the pricing somewhere more prominent. You're not sleazy or spammy, so let people know how you're funded so they don't have to think whether you're going to be selling ads. (I did have that thought until I found your pricing.) original story ( http://www.wsvn.com/features/articles/helpmehoward/MI93365/ ) summary: Woman buys phone for deaf / mute brother, puts him on her plan, he goes to Canada (from US) for two weeks and leaves data roaming on. Phone co claim to have sent warning texts; have cut bill to $2,500 with 6 months to pay. Wouldn't this be better on Stack Exchange? Also, there's a dive into python mirrored somewhere. try .ep.io Do they know how frustrating this is for some people? > A particular word might not appear on a page in your results if there is sufficient other evidence that the page is relevant. The evidence might come from language analysis that Google has done or many other sources. For example, the query [ overhead view of the bellagio pool ] will give you nice overhead pictures from pages that do not include the word 'overhead.' The title of the parent is not quite accurate either. Quoting a single word has been there for a while, and has always meant "Do not substitute this word; search for this word exactly". Where + meant "always include this word in the results". I really wish Google had an options page for less 'clever' searching: I want +, I want to "quote phrases", it'd be great if I could bracket some terms, and I don't want any substitutions. And I really don't want any of my terms silently dropped or subbed. Some data-processing is an intrinsic part of running a social networking site. That's not being complained about. What is being complained about is the secret data collection and processing that's happening without the user's permission or knowledge - visiting a page with a like button gives data about the user to Fb even if the user doesn't click the button. Fb then use that information to do stuff. Since the user has no way of knowing if a page he's about to visit will have a Fb like button or not; and the user probably doesn't realise that Fb will gather the data with no user interaction on the button; that seems like excessive collection and processing. >Nobody is forcing you to use Facebook. True, but that doesn't help the people who don't use Facebook but who still have data about them collected. I love this idea. There have been (for some time now) systems that focus a laser onto the user's retina, but they never took off. I really want one. This device is, unfortunately, quite pricey. And sadly it's not likely to become mainstream enough to drop out of the expensive industrial price band into consumer pricing. The article doesn't mention the huge number of adolescents using twinkle (and other tools) to make very many changes very quickly. Seeing editors being proud of the number of articles they've had deleted, or the number of reverts they've made, is pretty sickening. That's true, but it's alarming to think that (some) UK newspapers are deemed trustworthy just because they're in print. > I am getting tremendous value from using their site to interact with and stay connected with friends. What about the people who haven't signed up to Facebook, but who still have data about them logged? I see nothing mutual about that relationship. People tend not to complain about the stuff they've chosen to put online. People are complaining about the huge quantities of data that Facebook holds about you, with no option to stop them gathering or processing it, when they keep stuff that you've asked them to delete, and when they gather data about people who are not even signed in to Fb. Facebook is the offender for gathering all that un-needed personal data; and then for processing it; and then for selling it without the permission of the data-owner. To be clear: Gathering too much personal data, and holding it (even when the user has asked for it to be deleted) is itself an evil application , and that is why the EU has laws about it. Good Luck! White on bright blue hurt (not exaggerating) my eyes. There's a type on "Head into Matchmaking" - "no thanks if you'rE not" There's another type in 4, with an extra capital G. The section "Do your thing" has a funny picture, with "masterful strategy" written over a crude message. Have you ever signed up to dating sites as a woman? Have you got market research from women? Women are an important part of your market, and I suspect that they'd like to know there are rigorous controls to protect them from creeps. So, maybe add that information before the joke? (I just noticed that you do have info about a quality block, but that's hidden behind a roll-over image. It's a great feature! Don't hide it.) Good Luck! There's a little typo - "We use Oauth to look at the amount email in your inbox, nothing else." - missing OF after amount. On the learn more page there's an extra apostrophe - "email signature that let's other" It looks really neat. How do you deal with "out of office" situations, where people are likely to have full inboxes? ...but in the context (a children's book, teaching simple concepts of logic and math and programming) something that is intuitive is what's needed. (But thanks for the nice link!) > Is it evil to put the interests of the entire network above the interests of a small minority? How many people have a $GIVEN_NAME $FAMILY_NAME (in that order, with a neat space)? How many people have a real name that doesn't fit those neat boxes? Your "small minority" is pretty insulting. but what about people who do want to share their real identity with Google but who are banned from google? A terrible idea unless they fix the names issue first. ...except I actually am the worst coder in the room. :-( My zpg car race simulation will never be made. A Universal Handle for Shaving Razors. Device would consist of a really nice handle. This would have a socket for an attachment. There would be many attachments available. Each attachment would take one type of razor blade. Thus, the buyer would buy one nice handle, and a couple of attachments (for each blade type that they like). A box of donuts, and the opportunity to return someone's computer seems like a good deal. I guess you're just feeding the steal-macs-for-donuts outbreak though. At least donuts are kind f food and can't be translated to drugs or alcohol. I would pay a small sum to read / post to HN, especially if I can avoid ads. I don't care what they do with that money. I do not use an ad-blocker. I wouldn't if HN got ads, but it'd be a shame. > People have to click the ads for revenue to be made. Is that true? I remember someone saying that ad-blockers were evil because the website got revenue for views, not just clicks, and ad-blockers were killing that revenue. ( http://arstechnica.com/business/news/2010/03/why-ad-blocking... ) > There is an oft-stated misconception that if a user never clicks on ads, then blocking them won't hurt a site financially. This is wrong. Most sites, at least sites the size of ours, are paid on a per view basis. If you have an ad blocker running, and you load 10 pages on the site, you consume resources from us (bandwidth being only one of them), but provide us with no revenue. Because we are a technology site, we have a very large base of ad blockers. Opening a new pharmacy is a really nice opportunity. You get to see how things work at the moment; you get an idea of what a traditional business is like. You get to see the good things, but more importantly you get to see what sucks. That's great experience. Also - it's a lot of money. If you lived frugally you'd be able to save a lot of cash, and that's always useful. You never know when you'll need it,or what you'll need it for. But having a nice lump sum does make getting more money easier, and it makes startups easier. Packing up and moving is always possible. For sure, there are unpleasant things about it. Children lose touch with school friends, spouses have to change jobs, etc. But it's possible, and people do it all the time and they're not damaged by it. TL;DR - Do the pharmacy thing; Take note about good stuff and suckage, make sure to learn from it; save lots of cash; have lots of ideas and do lots of research; use cash and research for new fun stuff. Nothing on their short list is of any interest to me. My list would be something like: 1) Standards compliance. Validated HTML and CSS. 2) Don't force your design on my browser. Let me set fonts; colours; sizes; margins; etc. 3) Please god let flash die. 4) Allow me to pay a subscription to opt out of ads. 5) Simplify design. I'm usually interested in the content. Design often gets in the way of the content. There's probably a million more. Couldn't they have just grabbed info useful for law enforcement? Or installed malware useful for law enforcement? DuckDuckGo, ( http://duckduckgo.com/ ) especially with the !bang syntax. Not an alternative, but BlindSearch ( http://blindsearch.fejus.com/ ) is interesting. I want this "exact phrase" - which Google might auto-correct to something similar or may drop altogether if there's enough evidence the page they want to return is what I want, even if it does not have that exact phrase. I really want this +"exact phrase", and it must appear. I appreciate that Google works better for regular users now. But I'm struggling to cope with Google's changing search techniques. Combined with content farms; link farms; lousy quality web pages in general; a weird amount of ads and other un-wanted content (youtube, images, etc. Why bother with the tabs if they just get pushed on top of my search anyway?) There really truly is a niche for a different Google version for advanced users. Allow optional stemming, don't just automatically drop stemmed words in. Allow bracketing of terms +(this OR that) +(up OR down). etc etc etc. > Many companies are mapping the so-called payments genome to make more accurate predictive marketing decisions and improve fraud detection. Some vendors say their systems can be used to determine the products and services consumers will buy next. It's fascinating stuff, but I can't help feeling that they need to solve the problem of someone calling their bank, saying that they're going to $COUNTRY on $DAY, and please don't freeze the card; and then when a payment is attempted the card gets frozen. Because that's really annoying. I love stuff like this. I really hope keen engineering youth are able to get involved with building toy CPUs. Maybe not that complex, but enough to grasp what memory mapping and registers actually are. Anyone interested could read either: ( http://www.amazon.com/Code-Language-Computer-Hardware-Softwa... ) {the intro is too gentle for too long, then bamm it's too hard for many people.} ( http://www.amazon.com/Art-Electronics-Student-Manual/dp/0521... ) the student lab manual for the art of electronics. Probably best with AoE, which is showing its age but still excellent. Good Luck! I really like the idea of people testing stuff on small screens. I used an EEE pc 701 for a few years, and that has a tiny screen. Two tiny nitpicks: >A service to easily make screenshots of web pages in any screen size, as any device: iPhone©, iPad©, Android©, Nook©, PC, etc. Full Flash, JavaScript, CSS, & HTML5 support. This confused me until I realised what you're doing. It's not important, but maybe a copy editor could snap it up a bit? Also, your home button overlays "Browshot" title. ( http://imgur.com/iHOsZ ) TinyCore if you want minimal and hard work ( http://distro.ibiblio.org/tinycorelinux/welcome.html ) {Damn Small Linux is dead. TinyCore is sort of the result.} Puppy if you want, well, I dunno, but it has a loyal userbase ( http://puppylinux.org/main/Overview%20and%20Getting%20Starte... ) or there are a gajillion "minimal" versions of Ubuntu. CrunchBang is one, but there are many more. There was an IE for Unix. So there's some HPUX boxes that could have been running some version of IE. I have no idea what version it got to. I have never met anyone who used it. The quantities of CC'd addresses were kind of kook-like. There are better ways to challenge unjust laws than writing loser-length mail to people who are working lousy jobs with no power to change those laws. Thanks for this. I've joined. What I'd really like to see is "$NAME, like Hacker/Lamer news, but for book reviews". The submission has a title which is $BOOKNAME - $AUTHORNAME; then the post contains maybe a link to some online store selling it. (affiliate links are allowed). After that the first post is a review of the book. That allows people to upvote the book, but downvote the review (or vice versa.) Really, I should just buy some hosting and get my head round hackernews / lamernews. That reminded me of some of my favourite YouTube channels - ( http://www.youtube.com/user/CaptainElevator42189 ) ( http://www.youtube.com/user/gluse ) Just very many videos of people using elevators. I would definitely use it! I just know that I'm never going to get around to setting it up. So, if anyone else wants to they should. It's an interesting idea. There's a bunch of very hard, non-trivial stuff there. Has there been any good research on interviews? I have a hunch (with nothing to back it up) that some interviewers will make a yes / no decision very quickly, and will then post-rationalise that choice. What implications would existing research have? Also, there's existing tech such as "stress detection" which might be a useful start, for a tiny value of start. ...but some of those OSs (not necessarily talking about any of the BSDs here) are more like the Northern Hairy Nosed Wombats than a viable genetic pool. ( http://www.iucnredlist.org/apps/redlist/details/11343/0 ) I see lots of people giving a full 5 stars. Would results be better if people were more accurate, giving 3.5; 4; 4.5 or 5 stars? What happens if you ask people to rate 10 movies with either a thumbs up or thumbs down? Would that give better results? It's quite interesting, although I could see more use for it as part of other websites. EG: dating websites could use the tech to match people? Good Luck though! Key INsulated Signature Scheme: PDF: ( http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.63.7... ) > Abstract. In key-insulated cryptography, there are many private keys with different indexes and a single, fixed public key. When the trust model includes multiple Certification Authorities (CAs), it can be used to shorten the verification path and mitigate the damage caused by the compromise of a CA’s private key. Really, people will want more information to give better responses. See also users of MacBookPros who have a slightly more complex install than "Use unetbootin to burn the image to a USB stick, boot from that USB stick, install". >But he could've had the same result AND acknowledged the fact that millions of people have equally important life-threatening afflictions, He should do nothing to save himself until he's helped cure Cancer; TB; Malaria; HIV/AIDs; Starvation; Poor Sanitation; War; Earthquake prediction; etc etc? >that his is no more important I'm guessing (I don't know him) that it's more important to him and his loved ones. Does it matter, so long as you're writing standards compliant code? Look how much damage was caused by people trying to support the awful IE6 for years (still doing it too!)? (By damage I mean extra time, buginess, and bandwidth for extra CSS and javascript kludges). Why is it not viable to just say "The code is standards complaint, so any problems are at your end; use a better browser"? > for instance, a weight-loss ad to a person who just swiped their card at a fast-food chain This isn't always accurate. I know people with anorexia who buy diet products at the UK store "Boots", and who use their loyalty cards when they do so. Boots then sends them information about weight-loss plans; slimming medication; and so on. One can imagine similar happening with alcoholics. And I'd be interested to see how legal this is in Europe. It seems to be a clear breach of data protection laws. Summary: > Groupon's China venture posted a net loss of $46.4 million (£29 million) for the past nine months, generating only $2.1 million in revenue as it fights to gain dominance in the country's highly competitive group buying market. also > Groupon's global operations excluding GaoPeng recorded a net less of $214 million for the first nine months of the year, according to the securities filing. That happened despite its revenue reaching $1.1 billion, up from just $140 million in the same period a year ago. It's a great documentary, but... > And there are no half-measures: designers either love it or hate it. Gary Hustwit's artful film points this out, ...this kind of forced polarisation is common and annoying. The article is dull, contrarian, and oddly ignorant. Title of news paper article == "FIZZY DRINKS MAKE TEENAGERS VIOLENT" Last sentences of news paper article == ""There may be a direct cause-and-effect-relationship, perhaps due to the sugar or caffeine content of soft drinks. "However there may be other factors, unaccounted for in our analyses, that cause both high soft drink consumption and aggression."" Frustrating that the people doing the research are being cautious about the cause / effect relationship and that's being ignored by the reporter. At least the newspaper mentions the journal, even though they don't link to it. Here's a useful URL for procrastinators. Weirdly they've made it so long that people needing help probably won't get around to reading it. ( http://writingcenter.unc.edu/resources/handouts-demos/writin... ) One suggestion is to build in a finish condition before you start. That at least allows you to not feel guilty frustrated / angry when you reach that point. Then post-mortem the project to see what you learnt and what can be applied. Another suggestion is to find a small easy bit of OSS to fix and brush up. I also meant to say that I have ideas for a dozen toy projects that I have little hope of coding (and none of paying to be coded) but which I would use. So let me know if you want a list. I buy, play, then sell games. Steam does not let me do this; thus those games are more expensive to me. I do not buy Steam games. A better analogy is "the second hand book market really short changes the book publishers (or authors)". Here's a stack exchange question about retail boxed games with Steam activation: ( http://gaming.stackexchange.com/q/30550/11676 ) >I finished both games and I was thinking of reselling them or giving them to a friend to play. However, these are both Steam activated games that had a required Steam registration code I had to enter -- and validate on Steam -- as part of the installation. Here's the website for CEX - a UK shop - with second hand PC games: ( http://uk.webuy.com/product.php?sortOn=sellprice_desc&mo... ) Stellarium is very good. The difference is that StarWalk uses accelerometers and GPS to provide augmented reality - you hold the iPhone / iPad up and point it at a constellation and the display shows what you're looking at. Stellarium (at least, when I was using it) does not do this. I love this. It's fascinating to see what's stayed right from the early days. (Not in a "legacy on legacy on legacy on DOS" or "Ripped from Lisa" troll-fest either.) What I'd be really interested in now is a timeline of ideas that got dropped, and why, and what modern Windows would be like if they had stayed. It's a source of shame to me that Alan Turing was treated so appallingly during his lifetime; and that Bletchley Park has had to struggle for years to preserve important history. That page was the first (of many) listed by price, highest first. They have over 3,000 games in stock. People buy them; people sell them. The people selling them know that they can risk cash on a new game; if it's bad they can sell it secondhand and buy something else. Stopping sales of secondhand games (which is something that some people want to do; and is something that is clearly happening) stiffs the customer. You buy the right to use the content, but you may never ever transfer that right. This desire to restrict what people can do with content is baffling to most customers yet rife within industry. When Disney were shown domestic video players they were worried that you could not tell how many people were in the room watching the video; how could you charge people to watch a movie if you didn't know how many people were watching it? See also their attempts to create a "watch once" video. And all this inconvenience to real customers - people who want to buy games (and who need to sell them second hand to afford it) has zero impact on pirates. I suspect (but have no evidence) that it doesn't send any money to the people creating the games either. An odd idea. I have "some" feeds and getting those emailed to me would suck, unless I went back to using a real email client. And even then, it'd be pretty lousy. >I also added a small aluminum heatsink I had to the south bridge – the chip is under the speaker box, and there was enough space, so why not. Because you're blocking airflow in an already confined space, thus helping kill the machine? > and I haven’t seen anyone do anything like this, hmmm, people with an EEE PC 701 4G sometimes would add shims to the single massive aluminum heatsink under the keyboard, to help with heat and prevent (as you mention) flexing keyboards. I'd be interested to see what you could do with copper mesh and copper sheet - that'd avoid the need for drilling. (I mean this politely, but your drilling was AWFUL!!) 1) Where does the other 50% go? And what "cancer research"? A recognised charity? 2) It's a simple message, but that means it's not quite accurate. The people making the product make a profit (noe of which goes to cancer research); the people selling the product make a profit (none of which goes to cancer research); so really it's only 50% of the affiliate fees that go to cancer research, right? 3) the mix of different colours is weird and jarring. (And yes, I appreciate that compared to Amazon's own website being jabbed in the eye with a stick is more pleasant.) There's red, grey, blue, black; then the links blue and purple. 4) I dislike the dropshadow on the curecart sign. I thought my eyes had gone funny. Good Luck though, it's a neat idea. I'm not participating, but I've been working on some how to's for some minor linuxes. I need a good style guide, and recommendations for technical writing books. >I don't see the relevancy of the StackExchange question at all. The parent asked "Who sells PC games anyway?" The stack exchange question is from someone who wanted to sell / give away retail boxed games with Steam activation. Is there no prior art? Nintendo DS was released in 2004; all those PDAs prior to that, and there's no scribble to unlock? Or is the finger the novel aspect? You've read this, yes? ( http://www.privacy.gov.au/business )