Fantastic looking. Forked, and going to deal it with myself tomorrow! Also, to anyone who forks this and decides to use, you might want to remove the authors original google analytics! I'm not criticising, I'm only trying to complement what you've already done. The buttons show an underline on Safari on OSX when they're hovered over. I'm working on it now, and will post a link with my fixes later on. Fantastic work, thanks so much! I get that, I was just wondering really. I have no problem with it personaly, I'd rather see ads for stuff I'm actually looking for than singles in my area Not sure how true this is. I'm based in dublin, and there's 40 people in final year engineering, plus about 100 in final year computer science, plus another 30 misc. final year students that will be looking for development positions from one university in Dublin. There's 4 major Irish universities in Dublin, and I'm in the smallest of them, so there's probably 900-1000 grads from CompSci/Software Engineering from just Dublin alone. Add to that the pub standards meetups, where there's regularly 1-200 people there, and I know of plenty of other people that don't travel to the events. There's a large amount of talent in Dublin, and I would imagine all the other cities in Ireland too. I'm an undergraduate Engineering Student. About 16000 undergrads in my University. EDIT: I also know javascript Up in Ireland! I like it. Could we get it emailed to us every day? Pity that blue manilla folder is the same folder as every other folder on mac I don't know why the author is annoyed at this, it's not as if he's paying for the service. that's great. but why doesn't ctrl c do it? I mean it closes everything else on my system, except man pages, vim and some other programs that use less. D2's multiplayer sucked. It wasn't until LOD (a year to the day later) plus patches that the mutliplayer was decent. And I think you're misinformed, I know plenty of people (myself included) that still play D3 and enjoy it. That's not necessarily a European view on abortion. Many countries in Europe are strongly catholic (Ireland, Spain, Italy come to mind), and in some cases, the religious views have affected the laws (read: Ireland). I'm Irish, and abortion is a hotly debated topic; The main people against legalising it are staunchly catholic groups and use this as their basis. Check out kaleidoscope if you've got a few minutes to try out a new tool. Blew P4Merge out of the water for me. And BeyondCompare if you're on windows. Linux; sorry :( I posted above; and someone else said you were on a mac. Check out Kaleidoscope. Surely you can disable the garbage collector for particular segments of code? This is particulary impressive, seeing as it came from Polygon, who are notoriously pro-MS Not quite 100000, but 1000 people are watching one guy play clash of clans right now on twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Clash%20of%20Clans I'm an avid FF user, and also a (relatively) proficient programmer, with skills in python c++ and a little javascript, but I'm terrified of getting involved with something this size. I have no idea where to even begin trying to help! pulling the code right now! Now that you mention it, the first time I logged in on mavericks, I noticed a delay, akin to using msysgit on windows. I did fix this, I think by altering some of the parameters passed to the login command. Breaks a lot of other functionality, but it works. My parents still buy EVERYTHING in brick and mortars. I work in a retail store, selling computers and accessories. People tell me it's dead, I can guarantee you it's not. Maybe when our parents generations are gone, but not until then. I'm not a java developer, but their tools are fantastic. I started using PyCharm about 2 years ago, and nothing else compares. Only complaint I have is that PyCharm's updates aren't as quick as INtelliJ's, so when you guys get the nice features, we have to wait for it in PyCharm land. Its interesting that you mention their ad breaks. For 6 months, I had no idea that spotify operated a premium service whatsoever, until they imposed the 2.5hr limit per week on my account and hit me with more ads. I subscribed immediately. Started with Paint.net, went to Gimp, then to Photoshop and currently jumping between Gimp and Photoshop. Bear in mind, I'm a developer who sometimes has to dabble in graphics. I only use GIMP because I can't afford the license on my home computer, and my university supplies my Photoshop license. While I think gimp has the potential to be great, the UI and workflow is painful in comparison to PS. For instance, take creating a rectangle with a gradient on it (with curved corners), and a border that fades from one color to transparent (thinking a rectangular button here). Photoshop: Choose foreground colour and bg color to be the two points on your gradient. Pick curved rectangle tool. Drag rectangle, and change fill type in the top bar to be radial gradient. Click Stroke, and change fill type to gradient. adjust the color. GIMP. Select the selection tool(why???) Drag the selection to your desired state. Apply a gradient to the stroke by... I don't know actually. then go to slect, and choose rounded rectangle, and choose the border radius (in %??? what the hell sort of measurement is this). Click Ok. Go to edit, and choose stroke selection, and choose stroke with Paint Brush. (This creates an empty border with a stroke around it). Use Gradient fill tool to create the centre of the rounded rectangle, then resize to fit within the border because I can't figure out how to not apply the gradient to the border which is in the selection. In the end, you get the same result. But PS's workflow makes more sense. to draw a rectangle, you use... a rectangle tool. In gimp, you select the shape you want and draw a stroke around your selection. I also find gimps export a pain in the ass. Why can't I click save as, and save as a PNG rather than having to export? It's clunky, and a pain to use. No matter how powerful a tool is, it's useless if the interface is non-intuitive. I know they don't want to go the adobe route, but they may consider taking some inspiration from one of the most researched products in the world. Exactly. However, the methods of obtaining these files legitimately have improved vastly since then too. I will take whatever route is most convenient. For music, if I can give you my card details and you take a prearranged amount from my account every month, and I don't get interrupted, I will happily pay for this service (Spotify). Give me a TV service where I pay a fixed fee, and get to watch what I want when it suits me (on a saturday night, not at 9pm on a tuesday when I have to be up at 6 the following day), and I'll pay for it (Netflix). Service to get the latest and greatest game that my friend has been talking about all day, but all the shops are closed when I get home? Steam! Note that steam started selling 3rd party games in 2005, Spotify started in 2008 and Netflix started in 2007 (Streaming I mean, not the DVD on delivery). I realise this is only true for a small minority of countries (I'm in ireland), but Before these services, the alternatives were pirate or go and buy in a store. Now that I can easily get the media I want through legitimate means, I have virtually no reason to pirate stuff. Sometimes however, games I want/music I want is unavailable on X service. If I download it/use it I'm probably going to buy it at the next opportunity anyway. > We need people to stop worrying about "casual gaming at scale" and start worrying about "living a good life at scale". I'm a healthy male in my 20's, I eat well and exercise regularly. I'd be PISSED if everyone stopped working on games and tried to solve all the eating problems of my friends because they're too lazy to do it themselves, instead of catering to what people who already try to live healthily want to do. Because, before the internet was widespread and used for distribution, the only way to get your research out was to be published in journals. Part of this deal involves handing over the rights to your paper to the publishers. This is pretty standard procedure: JK Rowling isn't going to be going giving rights to penguin books for the Harry potter books while she has a contract whereby Bloomberg publish the books currently, it's a similar idea. Additionaly, the measure of an academics success is based on his (or her) citations, and if your citations are from "website of some guy", nobody is going to take you seriously. It's a vicious circle, and the whole system needs reforming, however the thing is, conferences such as SIGGRAPH, FOCS, INFOCOM etc etc all play an important role, that they offer peer reviewing, and you can guarantee quality (if something is published in SIGGRAPH, then you can normally rely on it). Until there are viable alternatives, which are accepted and can ensure that the quality of the articles appearing is of a high enough quality, this isn't going to change. But you can't do that without requesting both images from the host. >and yet they're demanding take-down notices of such pre-prints hosted on 3rd party machines. In the contract you sign, it's clearly stated you can't upload your manuscript to 3rd party distribution sites, other than arxiv. Don't get me wrong here, I'm not keen on what they're doing, but they're staying within their contracts. I'm also interested in this - I'm graduating in August with a Masters in CS, (degree in engineering), and all I can find are the likes of Google graduate program, (or other similar sized companies), rather than R&D-style positions... Not really. They don't accept drivers licenses, so if you're flying from Ireland, your only option is a passport. It can also be called the reddit hug of death. Works, but the gist is now gone. However, it looks so similar to sublime, I can't believe it. In case anyone is looking for it: the command is curl -L https://www.atom.io/api/updates/download -A "Atom/0.1 CFNetwork/1.5" > Atom.zip How do they not notice almost 3 billion yen missing? That's almost 30 million dollars if I'm not mistaken. I don't think you understand what he meant. I know there are companies around me that have offices located in not-so-central areas of the city that offer a free bus service to bring you from major public transport hubs to their offices. Maybe it would be more subtle if they didn't change the face of the DVD and subtly let you go "Hey, do you smell pizza" to whoever else is in the room? any chance of an invite? EDIT: Teceived, and removed email address! Thank you very much! Will share these on here later. This is cool and all, but it's another Chrome only site. You might as well have another desktop app that I have to download. Why isn't there support for other major, Modern browsers such as FF, Opera and IE11? Sounds like a problem with your connection. Netflix streams 720p for me, but whenever there's a downward spike in my speed, rather than interrupt me by buffering it drops to 480p until it has had the chance to download again in 720p. My stance, as a Netflix and Spotify subscriber is: I'd be happy to pay double what I'm paying right now if you would give me the content. If I had the ability to get the US Netflix library selection(Ireland here) for 16 euro a month I'd be delighted. Remember also, that we pay much more than you guys in the states do. You pay 60 euro a year, whereas we pay 100, and you get more content than we do. I don't get why they don't want my money.If I can't find it on netflix/spotify I'll check iTunes, which is usually a dead end, and then finally I'll pirate it. Why not let me pay 8 bucks a month for HBO access aswell, I'd happily do it! Are there any books available that someone could recommend for me to go down this route, specifically for hand crafting assembly routines inside my C++ programs. (note I'm currently only compiling for 32 bit). It's something of interest to me, but I've never gotten around to it. I'm comfortable with ARM assembly, and have a solid enough understanding to proceed, but the references I've come across so far go as far as "here's how to embed a simple ASM snipped inside your code, now you know how to do it" and then skip to "copy and paste for specific routine". I'd like some exercises for in between stages, for stuff that might actually be worthwhile doing. I played both consoles for about 3-4 hours pre launch (each), knowing that I was going to buy one. I was a 360 owner last gen, and PS2 the previous gen, so I don't have any real allegiances. However, I much preferred the PS4, not only for game selection, but the controllers felt better, and Kinect is great at first, but it really is a bit gimmicky after a while. Kinect sports is fun with friends, but not so much on your own. PS4 has exclusives like Infamous, Killzone, Knack(which I thoroughly enjoyed), Resogun, and loads more. Xbox has Ryse(didn't like it) dead rising(granted, it's fun) Forza(I want this one)and Titanfall(on the fence, probably don't care to be honest). The selection of games on PS4 is far superior, coupled with faster installation times, a much smaller box, and better looking games, makes it a no brainer IMHO Not everyone leaves their browsers open when they're at the computer. I don't, and on a 100/100 connection, from click to inbox open it takes me almost 7 seconds. I tried it twice on all 3 of my gmail accounts with varying results, but none faster than 5. Sorry, forgot to check this. One left! So you think this just all happened in the last week? > People still do that? Yeah, we do. Somebody has to manage all that memory that you throw around in your ruby/python scripts. not the downvoter, but my 2c: > if only for the visually jarring effect it has I don't find the effect jarring in the slightest, actually. there's a gentle fade into the background and then the tiles fade in, which I find quite easy on the eyes. > since they removed the Recent files I work with my apps pinned to taskbar. If I want to open my last VS solution, I right click on VS and click the top icon, which is the recent list? Maybe there was another recent list. > Interop between modern and classic is still terrible I agree here, in fact I would go as far as to say it's non existent, although I'm not 100% sure what sort of interaction I would expect between them. Allowing the metro apps access to more functionality would reduce the sandbox level in WinRT, so that's not going to happen. The only way I can see it happening is if MS give desktop apps access ti metro/modern app data, which is a privacy nightmare, so I don't know what the solution here is. I'd be interested in hearing one though. > no windowed modern apps Article says all MS universal apps will be windowed going forward, so I guess that means they're backing down on this. > start search is split by app type don't know what you mean here. If I type in "Evernote", I get Evernote(desktop App) Evernote(text file I have named evernote) Evernote(Metro App) > The modern UI also suffers from not allowing renaming of apps. Rename the classic ones so? > but frankly, booting isn't where I spend most of my time Where do you spend most of your time? By the sounds of your criticisms, searching among the number of metro and classic apps you have installed, on the metro screen? I don't know about you, but 95% of my time is spent with FF, visual studio, spotify, sourcetree and 3DS max open, none of which are affected by the metro interface, so nothing has changed for me. The only complaint people have is the start screen for Windows 8, which seems to more be a case of "I like the start menu", although as you state there is some missing functionality re: recent files. But what about the improvements? My boot time was cut substantially, I'm on my desktop(including going via the start screen because I like booting to it and seeing the live update travel tile and looking forward to my next holdiay) in ~ 8 seconds. Much better multiple monitor support, for backgrounds, multi-taskbars. Built in reset and restore settings. File History: this is awesome. Works like time machine for OSX and is a major upgrade over Backup and Restore. I've also noticed my usage is snappier than it was on 7, and an increase in battery life on my MBP ( I run bootcamp). Built in ISO mounting (bye bye wincdemu) is also cool. Overall, I'm happy, and won't be changing back. This is awesome, thanks well, is it a goat or a joat? will be 6 years in september. UNdergrad in Engineeiring, MSc in CS. Started when I started college Because good idea in theory != good idea in practice. Showing that this actually works in practice (albeit on an isolated incident) shows that the bug is dangerous in practice, not just theory. Look at all the research in timing attacks etc on TLS, some of which are theoretically feasible, until you consider real world possibilities of remote servers, such as "Their ISP is fiddling with routing so I have varying latency", or "They're using different server configurations and I don't get connected to the same one every time". This has been PROVEN to steal someones private key, which is worse than giving someone the keys to your house, It's like giving them a blank passport with your name on it, letting them put their photo on it, and with that taking your car keys and hosue keys, and everything that identifies you. Luckily, the fix is easy, just upgrade, revoke, and force password changes for everyone. > Notable OS X still brings networking back up faster With the notable point that it doesn't work properly on a lot of hardware, in my experience (and in the experience of others I know). The major ISP in ireland provides the same box for most connections, and my mac just will not hold a connection to them when resuming from sleep. It appears to be an issue revolving around assignment of IP addresses, but I can't reproduce it, and it doesn't happen on my work network or uni network, but every UPC network I use with the same equipment (Technicolor TC7200U) has the issue. I didn't watch the video, but I read the description. How much do you think you can accomplish in 3 months? 3 months, 3 people, 8000 pounds, that's hardly living money, never mind development costs, and any costs you have to pay for kickstarter for the physical rewards, etc. I wouldn't put my money out for some people who have no track record of delivery, and there's no plan for what will be delivered for the money, or what the end product will entail, what you intend on doing with the product afterwards. Also, anyone who stumbles across the page sees a project that is nowhere near funding, and doomed for failure. If you can, get a lend of 4 or 5k, and get your family and friends to pump the money into the kickstarter. If it's close to funding you might get enough to clear the goal, and your money back from your loan. Also, your goal deliveries are october (for early access?) yet your funding is for 3 months? what about the other 3/4 months in between times? What sort of money are you going to spend on marketing the game when it reaches the app store? All this information should be on the kickstarter page. You've also had no updates in the month, which would be disappointing to see if I was a backer. Some people don't want to do "jobs" per se. I know I'm interested in development because it's something I like doing, and I have an unfortunate liking of expensive things. Some people are genuinely content with the company of other people, and only want to work so they can spend the rest of their time with other people, and making their days better. Would you say that someone who is a checkout operator in a store because they need money to be able to do the things that they want to do (go on holidays, or go to the beach with friends and family) has a handicap because they find themselves in what you consider a menial job? I certainly wouldn't. Sure there are a lot of people who would rather be making more money, but money isn't everything for some people. Safari 7.0.2 warned me, but let me proceed. Nightly 31.01a flat out blocks it. Don't have any other browsers to hand. If BF4 was written in Csharp, or java (or rust or go?? I'm sure it would still have just as many bugs. One of peoples biggest complaint is the kill shots that you don't see, but that's a design choice (client side hit detection). Well, I struggled to get through the first half of that article. Enough banner ads? Less prone to certain kinds of bugs, sure. But logical errors, not necessarily. here's a link to my instagram: http://instagram.com/f9ab8ed9dacd8724bc/# Damn, that's better than me! Do you not feel that workin on side projects all the time wears you down? I haven't had one for about 5 months now, I've been working so hard on other stuff, that I need something like LoL, WoW, or battlefield to take my mind off things on the evenings. But do you spend time watching TV? There's no real difference, if you enjoy spending time doing something then you should do it. Whats the point in working hard if you don get to chill out? I'm interested in Game Development, specifically physics simulation and graphics programming. The box2D code (C) is fantastic. > judges? What about the leaders? The people we elect into office? Judges are appointed by the president, and confirmed by the senate[1] (I guess that means voted on by the senate after a high ranking civil servant decides they would make a good judge) so if this person disagrees with the policy of the senators, there's a good chance he's not going to get into power. The people who are in office are normally so caught up in this sort of thing that they would end their own careers by speaking out about it, or worse, be called traitors of their own country and hunted by the NSA/FBI (see Snowden). The problem is once you know about it, you're already in deep, and your head will roll if it rolls. For many people, that sacrifice is too much to make. If you have a family, you ruin their lives too remember. All your friends, parents, relatives lives will be turned upside down at the same time... Is that something you would risk and give up if you were in this position? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_judge Ditto. And I've ony used VS for about 2 years now Are you guys accepting recent graduates for this? A lot of people in here comment on how this is not tghat big. I have a netflix sub, and every time I visit my parents, they want to watch it, and use it. They don't use it when I'm not there because they can't figure it out. It's an app on a new TV, and is literally 2 or 3 button clicks away. If netflix was channel 500 or something on our TV box they would happily pay for it.remember that not everyone is as technically inclined as we are. Looks like most other people in this thread got the picture. This is overly pedantic. Really lovely view! Quick way to get back problems hmm. I think I'm gonna go look at kittens Normally very scripted, but getting better recently. This is a really sticky issue, however I can't help but feel that Julie is handling this quite unprofessionally. She has been posting for the last hour on twitter about how she is satisfied with the blog post, however feels that everything was wrong, and she's actually going and naming names. (other than TPW), which is completely unfair IMHO. She says that she strongly believes that this would have not happened to a man, and the report says that they found no evidence of sexism in the workplace. This has been brought up before, but is it at all possible that some of the treatment she received was because she is difficult to work with, rather than because she is a girl? Nothing in the report points to anything having happened that was specific to what JAH talked about, could it in fact be the case that people are treating a sub-par, or difficult employee (in their own eyes) differently to others around her, and in her mind, in (what I asssume is) a predominantly male workplace, she sees this as discrimination? I don't know what to think, but unless there's any evidence either for or against, I think the only reasonable assumption that we can make is that there may have been fault on both parties sides, the extent of which is unknown. Nobody is questioning TPW's behaviour, the question mark is over whether she was being discriminated against by the other engineers and founders. It's evident from the resignation, and this report that TPW was behaving inappropriately towards multiple employees, not just one female, which seems to imply that this wasn't a case of her being discriminated (in this instance, however we have no proof either way for the rest of the accusations) I keep a notebook in the bathroom... larger (proven) market share is my guess. I have no stats on that by the way, it's a pure guess. The closest thing I ahve is I looked at the humble bundle stats, and scrolled down to the first games bundle which is : http://support.humblebundle.com/customer/portal/attachments/... Looking at the graph, I can't differenciate between mac and linux on it, but the next one (humble indie bundle 9): http://support.humblebundle.com/customer/portal/attachments/... the mac purchases are more substantial than the linux ones. This could be due to any number of factors, but like I said, it's only a guess. Granted, I'm not in the same boat as exec's, but I'm a student and have had dealings with people from other universities in the UK (I'm irish), and I have flown, met them in airport hotels, and flown home same day or first flight following morning. Which you have to host yourself. Not the same thing. > Git-annex with symlinks can add an extra layer of protection, in that you have to unlock the file before editing Is that like how Perforce handles it? cost of living is about 1.5 times higher than the US. Source is somewhere in this comment thread I'm sitting in work right now (PC repair shop) and they really really do. We get students coming in the week before thesis deadlines with dead hard drives and no backups of a years work. We get about 2 or 3 people daily coming in asking about replacing a dead hard drive and recovering data. I flew economy from London to Mumbai with as much booze as I could handle, both directions. There was some sort of ban on serving alcohol in Indian airspace, but outside of that they were happy to keep giving me tiger beer until I fell asleep. Ryanair already have this down to a T. You don't actually interact with any ryanair staff from the time you book your flight until you're passing through the gate. At that point you meet the cabincrew/stewards for your flight, two at the door who check your boarding pass and glance casually at your passport, and you then walk across the runway to board the plane in no particular order. Everything is an extra,you're bombarded with ads for the duration of the flight (particularly annoying on a 45minute flight where they start at takeoff and keep going until you land). You also print your own boarding pass, and are normally located as far as humanly possible from the airport terminal, in an airport nowhere near the location advertised (London Stansted, Barcelona Reus, Paris Beauvais). But I can fly to London return for 30 euro pretty much any time of the year in return for that. As is sourcetree, and not tied to github I'm currently working as a tutor in a center for gifted (high intelligence) children. Along with this intelligence, in many cases comes some mental difficulties. As an instructor in this environment, it is actually very difficult to deal with some children who are unable to interpret what I am saying to them. Not only does the child get frustrated when I don't understand what they're trying to tell me, but I get frustrated sometimes when I can't handle the situation, and the other students pick up on my frustration. The net result is that everyone loses out. These students are commonly known as special needs students, and I think this very accurately represents them. Some of the children require just a few minutes extra attention, others require regular confirmation, and others require practically no extra care other than being aware of some issue. I have never personally had to deal with a student with Down's Syndrome, however I know of some family friends with children who have Down's Syndrome. If you have seen and talked to these parents, in very many cases these parents have to dedicate their lives to caring for these children. The same is true for many cases in students; If I as a teacher have two students that require constant attention (for whatever reason) that means the rest of the students don't get the attention they deserve, and the two students I am dealing with don't get the help they deserve either. I don't know what the best solution is here, but I can't see having a large number of (excuse the wording, I can't think of a better word) difficult students such as those with aspergers/autism, Down's Syndrome etc. being a good one. The only point I can make on it is that in most cases, the transition to high school involves classes being split, and separation from friends. If students such as Henri can be sent to the same school as their friends, but possibly separated from others (which is what happens currently; students with severe mental difficulties are sent to separate schools) they can receive the individual attention and care that they deserve, but still be in the same environment as their friends and companions. I tried to be very careful with my wording here, and I apologise if I insulted anyone, it was not my intention. Twitch is owned by Justin.tv You're obviously in the US I take it? I'm in ireland and have a UK sim card too. Both my providers (granted, same provider in both countries) give me unlimited data, for 20 euro/25 pounds a month. I also get calls and texts included in that. I used objdump on one project, and I can't thank you enough for it! Because it's still not finished? > Is there some reason not to ship development tools? Do you not want the curious to have ready access to dig in and understand the stuff they use every day? More and mroe macs are being sold with SSD's, and installing Xcode uses a good 4-5 gigs (+1GB per platform in documentation). That's a good enough reason for me to not install it when I don't need it. > How is this any different? People will pay more for it, so Aereo will charge what they know they can This page is almost 1MB downloaded, including 5 fonts, bootstrap, angular, and jquery. It does not need to be this complicated. My facebook homepage, including images, is smaller than this site. They have to. If I send one in about any repo, it must be removed straight away. The pwerson who receives the notice can file and have it reinstated. Not everyone is a startup working with node or RoR. Most companies with more than a handful of staff would rather pay someone else to make sure it doesn't break. So, how do you tell a workforce of X people that 18000 jobs are going to be cut? Asthamtic here; I feel ya. However, I can also walk into a pharmacy here (Ireland) and explain to them that I'm an asthmatic, and need a releiver inhaler. They will give an "emergency" inhaler, (same inhaler, no questions asked) over the counter and ask me nicely to go to the doctor for the next one. You're probably an edge case. The vast majority of people who are ordering from online pharmacies are doing so because they think they know what they're doing, and because they feel X or Y, they should take Z. This isn't really a problem with inhalers per se, because the amount of them you are required to ingest is actually pretty damn high before you are in any danger, but for stuff like prescription painkillers, people are self medicating and avoiding doctors visits for issues that they should be seeing a professional for. He explicitly states that 18000 jobs will be cut in that email. My question still stands, how do you tell a company the size of microsoft that 18000 jobs are going to be cut, while still maintaining a shred of integrity? If you know so much better, please share with us. had a quick glance through his history, and it's ireland. (I'll remove this if you want OP). Can I just throw in that Ireland has some definite advantages, however living in Dublin is painfully expensive, and the money here (for lower level positions at least) is less than that of the UK > but I also am paying less than half of what I would for my apartment. Out of curiosity (I understand if you don't want to say) but roughly how much are you paying for your apartment, and how close to the city is it? I'm paying almost 1500 USD for my 2bed apt not far from the city centre, and the landlord is increasing the rent in September (I'm leaving anyway). The saving of ~500 dollars per month I would imagine doesn't last very long when you factor in everything else. I don't know what income differene you have, but a month ticket for bus only is 140 euro, (190 dollars), a beer is €5 (cheap in the city centre)and I find shopping in general to be more expensive than home (outside Dublin, but still in Ireland). You sure about that? A quick glance at http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?coun... tells me that there is a difference in rent, (I know it's not accurate) but I know that the rent in Dublin has increased from that figure. Most people I know are now paying 1400-1600 USD for 2bed apartments, so I guess SF could have changed too. A number of those laws already exist, but are ignored or have exploitable loopholes. How do you know define reasonable assumption for getting a warrant to search someones home? If you need tangible evidence for that, then the warrant is basically pointless because you ahve what you need already. PCI compliance for instace is clearly being violated here, as are numerous data protection acts; the issue is that nobody is accountable for it > Whereas 5 star hotels that usually charge $14.95 daily have the worst. The people that stay in these hotels normally aren't paying for the rooms (business trips for instance), so the company will pay the cost of the wifi for the duration of the stay without question > 5 star hotels aren't really for most business travels though. I mean, if you are an exec ya, but usually you just get a 4 star Hilton at best. 5 star hotels are for rich people who won't notice. Ah, I know that. (WEll actually, I don't. Ive never stayed in a 5 star hotel before). but, I was just making the point. > 5 star resorts usually ding you for lots of things, its how they make money (travelling next week to Thailand, psychologically prepared but at least the internet is free). Thailand is fine for that. I stayed there last year, (around this time) for about a month, and stayed in 4 star accomodation most of the time for less than 30 bucks a night (euro) for two people, and we always got breakfast, wifi, and towels. My advice is book one night in a hotel, and go in to the reception and ask how much it is to stay on. You'll normally get 3-400 baht off. Now I want to go back to thailand.. This is a glorious example of how to design a tutorial in a game without bombarding the user with piles of text! Love it! > Electric blankets can burn you and the whole house down and do not use the same form of heat transfer Source on that? I had a quick search, and it seems to be one of those rumours... The only reference I could find was old (pre 2001) and faulty models. I tried to compile GCC for ARM (from X86 Windows), and it was a nightmare same problem in dublin; my student card and travel card both interfvere with each other > You mean MS doesn't want it. MS is not everybody though. Xbox is one of the ways they can keep DirectX around in the face of potential competition as you said yourself: As far as I'm aware, devs aren't too keen on it. No other maor consoles are using it anyway, so the X-platform argument doesn't really apply. If you download the XCode developer tools, you can extract the libaries from the .dmg using 7zip on windows I found I got an ample supply of both for a slipped disc. Tried Yoga, hurt more both short and long term. Land it safely on the ground 20 or 30 feet from where it took off, obviously /s My TV remote has a keyboard - it's absolutely garbage. Ryanair don't do that. The price they advertise at the flight choice time is the price you pay. THey then try shove extras down your throat, but you're not obligated to buy travel insurance, rent a car, use their jet ski etc . But do they still update the stable version of ST2? From what I gather "beta" is his way of describing the fact that he's actively developing it Where did you read it? All the research and evidence points to the fact that crunches don't work. Overtime (60hr week for two weeks) is different, but extended overtime periods do not work. If you have any citations other than anecdotal evidence, please share with the rest of us I fly with them regularly, but they're short trips (2-4 days) so my experience is different. You can check get your boarding pass in some airports by phone now though which also helps! Oh I know it used to be, but It's changed now was what I was saying! My point is that the "released" version has been abandoned. He's not supporting previous versions at all, you pay for access to an actual beta build, but if you happened to buy the full product you're SOL > Opiates don't have psychedelic effects or even the general mental impairment of pot. Spoken like someone who's never been prescribed opiates. I had to take oxycodene for a while, and before that tramadol (a milder opiate) and "attend" university at the same time. I might as well have been in Antarctica for all the mental capability I had while either.They're also massively addictive, with pretty harsh physical withdrawal symptoms occurring after short dosages, requiring a slow weaning process to stop taking them. > This paper is needlessly hard to read (4 pages in before there's even an explanation!) Not particularly bad going by the standard of some of the papers I've read. I only really noticed the difference when I stopped taking Oxycodene. My evidence is purely anecdotal, of course. I was on it for about 2 months, with about 3 months either side w/ Tramadol, so not quite long term, but long enough. I wouldn't classify it as a dumb feeling - more of a passive state, but when I stopped with the heavy opiates I noticed an increase in productivity - I spent much less time working and achieved a much higher output. Of course, that's not an option for some people. It's because we're not in work Doesn't work properly for me using FF 31.0 I can see the words on the tiles before clicking them. two points - > In summary, two near identical (99.9 percent) apps. One approved. One rejected. This sounds like the real reason they rejected your app was due to the similarity. > I won’t go into full detail about how many times I was on the phone with customer support about problems solely due to Apple Ever tried ringing Google's customer support? How about parking? In Dublin (Ireland) where I live, you're paying 50/month (600 a year) euro for parking at home, AND then paying your daily rate of 45-50 a week for city centre parking. That's terribly awkward to carry around. Also, a GPS device doesn't tell me when my next bus is due (there's about 45 minutes between my buses). I also now only require one charger for my GPS and MP3 player. I can also look at cat pictures on the bus. Well, my MP3 player is my phone. No, it's a 30piin (iPhone 4S) Every time I see this I feel compelled to point out that Europe gets it worse than you, despite your complaints. Say 100 AUD for a game. That's roughly 70 euro (which is the cost of a new PS4 game in Ireland). The median household income in Australia is 66k (AUD) or 47000 euro. The only source I can find for a median income in ireland states it at around 27000 euro. The purchasing power of an Australian in that case is far higher than an Irish person for instance. My university outsources the email to Google apps for Education. I opened 2012 and 2013 and they're almost instant on my machine(high end machine). Opening my main solution for work is roughly 3minutes on same machine, which would be nice if it could be done faster, but that's not going to happen I suppose. You don't see the point of the blog of a javascript web framework requiring javascript? Its most likely some existing function, btu they aren't specifying which one. And engineering and CS, both undergrad and postgrad. Fantastic website for when the library was out of stock of that book published 40 years ago that there's only 3 copies of in the country... Have you met a teenager? They will blindly just click ignore/ok until they can do what they want. an invalid cert error isn't going to stop them unless it actually blocks (rather than warns and lets them proceed) You could always do it? I'm at a desk in work, so I have my (3 year old iPhone) phone plugged in all day. Guess you'll just have to live with the fact that you spent half a coffee on supporting an independent developer to create something you use every day. You monster. As someone who has interests outside code, and works on propietary software, I don't have code that I have open sourced. Does that make me a bad developer? (In fact, looking at my toolchain and libraries, I don't think anything I'm working with is Open Source at all... yay games) If you're in Europe, ryanair are steadily getting better and better. They still don't quite fit the bill, buit they're cheap and reliable and their dirty practices are getting less invasive > replicate this to 100 patients in the next 60 days and scale, scale, scale!!! Most likely the fear of any unknown side effects that haven't manifested just yet, and the ability to refine whatever procedure was performed to try and minimise any of the long term downsides to this approach? Well we have computers now... And are any other airlines any better than Ryanair for that? My last ryanair flight that was cancelled, I spent 3 hours in the airport and was flown home, and got lunch out of it, and when the flight was cancelled the estimated departure time was correct. Obviously, I'd rather get home, but that's not a half bad service. Comparing to Aer Lingus (another Irish airline that offer similar routes) I've been offered nights in a hotel because they decided to overbook my flight, and I arrived on time (~50 mins before departure to Dublin), not early. Which would you prefer? > I think a huge proportion of OSS devs these days use linux / osx. For web development, maybe, but a huge amount of C++ development(games in particular) are almost exclusively done on windows So what you're saying is that the bugs from a piece of software written 20 years ago (roughly) can be solved by writing the program in a language that hasn't had a stable release yet? Sure there are better alternatives now, but what widespread, well known, portable language was available in the mid 90's that this could have been written in? Simd optimisations aren't very minor. For games anyway, we have a 90-10 rule (90% of time is spent inside 10% of the code) I'm sure that exists in other areas too. One of the most common operations performed is multiplying 4x4 matrices, which can get 300% speed ups with the correct simd operations. To get that speed up in the most called parts of your code is anything but minor > No it's not because MSI packages and EXEs are signed Sure, some are. But most software packages that a user is going to download aren't signed. When they weren't established authors, they signed deals for the next X books to be with said publisher. Another is that an established author may sell X copies at 15.00/copy, or Y copies at 25.00/copy (but only take 7.00 of the 25). If I'm an author, and my passion is writing, not marketing, if X 15 7, or even anywhere close to equal, then it makes sense to go with the publisher, so you can spend more time writing Onedrive is deep in Office. Latest version defaults to trying to get you to save on your OneDrive i wouldnt like to try compiling my work projects on anything less than 16GB ram, never mind 2GB XP came out before Debian 3.0. At that point, Google hardly existed, iTunes hadn't been released, and the Nokia 3310 was less than a year old - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_3310 Anyone who is still running Windows XP has this coming. tentatively raises hand - jokes aside, I have, an I know that the produc I was working on involved supporting a custom build target - we maintained te XML files by hand. On the IBM front I think you need to reconsider. http://mobile.bloomberg.com/news/2013-05-02/ibm-says-justice... (apologies for mobile link). I've read your comments throughout this thread, and am curious, what will MS have to do to get back in your good books? As far as I'm concerned, they're far less shady than google, oracle, yet your own views seem to be against giving them a chance. I'm not well versed enough in world hunger problems to talk about it, but on the Global Peace side, we are currently in the least violent period in the last 2000 years. > can we please stop paying so much for warfare an awful lot of research for space has been done with defense budgets Only downside I found with GLM is it is dog slow when built without optimisations, making debugging painful, and as it is a header only library you can't compile an optimised version for debugging purposes. I'm not aware of any libraries that solve this problem though, while still remaining as fast when fully optimised. I did consider trying to create a custom recompiled header built with full optimisations but I never got around to investigating it as an option... I'm working with Visual Studio :) But this would have been awesome, as I think it compiled with MinGW. > The other aspect is privacy - in theory, all user's data can be stored and accessed forever, eg. 20 years from now, when the reincarnation of someone like Stalin comes to power. Is havin your stuff stores locally any more secure in that situation. If someone wants your data they'll knock on your door and beat you and your family until you give it to them Doesn't handle large binary files Although this article points out that UE4 doesn't use synamic_cast, Unreal implements a full reflection system and uses it instead. Similarly, if you searched for uses of stl, you'd be is appointed because everything is reimplemented as TArray, TPair, TMap, etc. Yep. We use Perforce in work, and from my experience, most other game dev's do too. I quite like gliffy for styled diagrams. Not quite the same effect as the ones in the article, but still very nice. http://www.gliffy.com/ > It's usually easier to get hold of obscure content commercially. Unfortunately, your definition of osbscure depends on where in the world you're located. iTunes don't provide the same catalogue in the US and the UK or Ireland, Netflix don't provide the same catalogue. BBC documentaries are freely available in the UK online, but extremely difficult to get in Ireland without buying a physical copy, and up until last year, I didn't have a DVD or Blu ray player in my apartment There's a few really good fun AI challenges that you can get stuck into - Even though they're ocmpetitions and over, you can still get the tools for them http://www.marioai.org/ http://www.sscaitournament.com/index.php?action=tutorial http://www.slideshare.net/coboslab/demolition-derby-2012-gec... http://www.cloudball.se/ http://www.computerpokercompetition.org/ http://aichallenge.org/index.php http://www.botprize.org/ http://aigamedev.com/open/coverage/ctf-report/ http://aibirds.org/ http://geneura.ugr.es/cig2012/competitions.html But this is progress at least. We should support progress in this area, in the hope hat it encourages these companies to be more accepting and open im with future releases > Related to that, double or triple the warranty periods. I'm not convinced that this solves anything. When you buy a 50 euro/dollar vacuum do you expect it to have the same life expectancy as the 500 dollar vacuum made with higher quality parts? If the company is required to provide a 6 year warranty for a machine that they estimate to last 2 years, they will simply stop producing the cheaper vacuums, meaning everyone who wants a vacuum has to now pay 500 dollars. My knowledge of Vacuum cleaner economics is limited, granted, but I can't see how this works out well in the longer term for anyone, other than the people who would have anyway purchased the more expensive product (that normally comes with a lifetime/extended warranty from the manufacturer anyway) Nto directly what you're looking for, but an arduino starter kit would only set you back abouut 50 dollars, and has everything you could need to get started with that sort of assignment. It also teaches you to be careful :) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battery_charger#Charge_rate explains it pretty succintly > I can send someone an EXE that they can double click and install and I'm in. On Linux, that's much more rare of an occurrence. I can do that with linux binaries too? The difference is that a Windows user is more likely to install untrusted software. I wonder if I post on HN/proggit about my cool new ruby project, and start it off with curl | sh, but put something malicious, how many people will blindly install it? Me, for one. I'm 23 and would prefer it if people didn't swear. It doesn't add anything to the conversation and is completely unnecessary. Shillings. there were 20 in a pound, and 12 pence in a shilling, for 240 pence/pound. the d signifies pennies. Signing a petition is easy. If this is to make a difference those 1500 developers need to not support apples policies and boycott the apps tore, and get users to do the same. Video of the toaster here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JosAD2mvUCE > Cons: Playing with the Stress demos (especially #2) really shows the slowdowns and downsides to using a JS based engine. At 450 boxes (+ 4 bounding walls), it runs at 20fps on my Macbook and thats with a lot of jitter and overlap. Not as fun. Have you tried enabling sleeping? Even most AAA games don't actually have even remotely close to that number of bodies active in a game at once. Sure, the engines can handle it, but having a stack of bodies like the stress demos is the absolute worst case, as you normally have to resolve a chain of contacts, in this case a few hundred, iteratively. Most physics engines also benefit hugely from multithreading, something which JS doesn't provide. > I wish I could see a physics engine using WebGL and GPU acceleration for the web. This one is a great start if the author were to take it further and implement some of the logic with shaders. That was tried on PC and consoles and most game developers are going back to using the CPU for physics calculation, and using the GPU for rendering. Using WebGL with this particular demo shouldn't increase the performance if the bottleneck is the physics simulation. in 3d you normally represent by a 4x4 matrix, which can be easily reduced to 6 floats (x y z translation, and x y z rotations). The problem with doing that little work is you'll very quickly be bottlenecked by copying memory to/from the GPU. If you want to do any raycasts for instance, or query for occlusion/bounds testing, you need to upload data to the GPU, run a (potentialy very slow, serial) query, then copy the result back. The results normally aren't worth it. Enabling sleeping is a difficult thing to actually do, especially in a stack of bodies. You have to enforce a minimum movement threshold over a series of frames usually, and group bodies together to go to sleep, and also wake the same group up when there's motion. It's not always easy to do > The question then becomes how slow is copying to/from the GPU versus doing the computation on the CPU when it comes to 100s/1000s of active bodies. The amount of time spent inside a GPGPU kernel for updating 1000 rigid bodies wouldn't even be as much as the length of time to copy the data back and forth. You've also got to consider the acceleration structure used for the collision detection. If you have a hierarchical tree-like structure (BVH, BSP tree) then how do you update it in parallel. you need to spin off thousands of tasks for it to be worth running on the GPU. If you have that many dynamic bodies, you're probably going to be draw call limited in trying to render them, unless they're exceptionally simple objects (Particles for example, which are already GPU accelerated in modern Game Engines). > I agree that normally (small examples) it wouldn't be worth it, but for any large simulations, and say, video games of the future, I have yet to see someone attempt to do this. Perhaps it truly isn't beneficial enough... but who knows. In modern AAA video games, the active body count in a scene would be no greater than the hundreds. Think of a scene from Assassin's Creed, or Battlefield, and think about how many truly dynamic things there are in the level. Chances are, there's you(the player), a handful of other players, a handful of explosive barrels, maybe 5-10 vehicles, and a few extras for bodies. For something like Assasin's creed, the computation is most likely in the animation, where hundreds of physics raycasts from the players hands to the various "climbable" points are performed, and the updating of the very detailed skeletal mesh. Modern games utilise almost 100% of the GPU time already on rendering for lighting, AA, shadows, ambient occlusion, transparency, reflections. To add more stress to the GPU is unnecessary really, considering that the computations are so short for a few hundred bodies that the bottleneck will be copying the data over and back. I wrote my masters thesis on GPGPU accelerated Bounding Volume Hierarchies (A common structure used in Raytracing and in Collision Detection). The overhead of a small copy stalling the GPU is quite severe. It's worth it if you can do all your work on the GPU without having to copy back, but that's currently not feasible for interactive simulations. Anything that uses NVidia Physx will have GPU physics in some sense, but very few (if any) of those actually use GPU acceleration for their rigid body simulations That's only the JS port as far as I can see. The original potentially supports more. For anyone who hasn't read it, (and is interested ofc.) this website has one of the best explanations of A* I've ever read. http://www.redblobgames.com/pathfinding/a-star/introduction.... I do (although I guess it's because that's how the browser works currently) - when I hit ctrl tab in FF, I know that the browser will move to the tab to the right, and ctrl shift tab will move left. If I check email, or open a tab to read during the day, and come back to my browser later on, I can't necessarily remember which tabs I used most recently. Reflections aren't necessarily baked, it's equally likely that there's just no player model. > Heroin isn't weed. It destroys lives of its users Well, no more than any other addiction to opiates. The issue with heroin addiction is that 1) it's illegal; (in many places) 2) it's expensive as hell. Clean Heroin by itself has no majorly bad side effects that aren't associated with other (legal and regularly used/abused) opiates like oxy/hydrocodene. Constipation and cotton mouth are about all that comes to mind. The risks are the same as any other street drugs; bad batches, reusing needles, dirty needles, and unmonitored usage. I'm not saying heroin is good, by any means, but it's not as bad as it's sold as. And even lower again is Paracetamol/Acetaminophen (Tylenol if you're in the US), with the fatal dosage being as low as 3 times the recommended dosage [1]. I can walk into a pharmacy here and buy enough of it to shut down my liver for less than a pound. I get what you're saying, but if you're talking about overdosing, then I think it's fair to say Heroin is absolutely lethal. But if used responsibly (I know, I know) it's safe. Wouldn't a clever idea be to let the payment procesor handle the taxes? so you hand over to google/amazon/apple to do your payment, and give them a tax free price, and they apply the tax for the buyers location, and compile a monthly invoice for you? > "buyer's location" is unnecessarily complicated to determine and prove. My only way of guessing this is by country of delivery? For instance, I'm living in the UK, but if I pay by using my Irish credit card, should I be charged using Irish or UK vat? I've a dolce gusto machine I got as a present, and the capsules are 4 pounds for 16, which is expensive if you compare to buying ground beans. But consider that if I choose to make two coffees instead of having a Starbucks/local shop on my way to work, it's been worth it. Seems reasonable to me, especially as it's consistent quality and i don't drink enough coffee (maybe one a day at home, probably another in the office using the office machine) to warrant buying a full bag and letting it go stale. > Stop worrying about how well your code performs and focus on more important things. It's very naive to think that that's an acceptable tradeoff in every situation. Would you accept it if chrome/FF/ suddenly consumed an extra 30% of memory and CPU time after a single update, because the developers decided that the HTML rendering code wasn't readable enough? Or if you're writing code for cars that needs a response time in sub millisecond ranges to delay for hundreds of milliseconds before engaging traction control because the code wasn't well labelled, so it was rewritten? There are plenty of cases where performance is absolutely critical, and it is the most important thing. Telecoms are also classified as utilities. > It was a marvellous bit of well-made kit Marvelous other than the 1500 dollar price tag for an unfinished product, the lack of software, the abysmal battery life, and the obvious privacy concerns of this device being constructed by one of the most invasive companies on the planet? I agree with the fact that it's the first, but calling it marvelous is a bit of a stretch. > But I agree. I'd much rather have a dumb tv and upgrade my attached boxes. So you trust the manafacturer/software provider of your attached box more than that of the TV? Siri, and Cortana (iOS and WP8 voice recognition engines) both send the clip to a remote server to perform recognition. There are many services that provide real time processing of large amounts of data on server cluster/farms, and more are coming. It is very much possible to perform large computations in almost real time in these situations, and you'd be surprised at how little latency people notice, particularly when there's no indication of what the actual number is. That doesn't add anything to this discussion. Siri is more than usable for a lot of things - I can set alarms, timers, and make calls without reaching for my phone. I'm not saying that it's revolutionary, but it definitely works. Noticed this with CUDA before. When I tried to render data that lay outside the buffers I was working on, I would get textures of my web browser appearing instead of what I expected. Game developers also belong to that group of people who squeeze work out of every cycle. Less than 18 months ago, two of the most commonly used devices contained: 512MB dedicated RAM (with 10MB of VRAM) (xbox 360) and 256MB RAM and 256MB VRAM (PS3) alongside very aged processors. The hardware was almost 10 years old in both cases. Even the current gen aren't particularly powerful, coming in at 8GB ram with a 1.75GHz processor, and a GPU comparable to a 3-4 year old PC for the xbox one, and 1.6GHz processors, 8GB ram and a slightly beefier GPU in the case of the PS4. Well, you could always just size up one of those heated blankets, and attach it to the wall. Maybe even combine it with a more efficient fuel source like Natural Gas, and heat water that flows through the system instead of a coil. Sounds much more efficient, especially if you have multiple people in your household. Imagine a system like that... I learned with the assistance of StackOverflow and Google-Fu for blogs and things, but now in work we use a handful of propitiatory libraries, with no information available online for them, and now have to work with only the documentation (and granted, direct support if I need it). It's really made me a better developer to default to the Docs rather than SO. It sends your spotlight commands to the search engine to give you web and iCloud results in spotlight. Equally you could say that Google sends every key press you do in chrome's address back home